http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18319 restoration (reconstruction)
restoration (reconstruction)
Encyclopedia of antique restoration and maintenance
The complete illustrated guide to woodworking : tools, techniques, projects, picture framing joinery, home maintenance, furniture repair
Warsaw, a city destroyed and rebuilt
Twentieth-century architectural heritage : strategies for conservation and promotion : proceedings
Conservation guidelines. No. 1, Conservation principles, general information
Image restoration : fundamentals and advances
How to restore Volkswagen Beetle : your step-by-step illustrated guide to body, trim & mechanical restoration : all models 1953 to 2003
The lowrider's handbook : engines, tires & wheels, hydraulics, custom interiours, custom bodywork, chassis & suspension, air ride
How to restore & repair practically everything
A guide to wetland functional design
Vintage guns for the modern shot
Vietnam : traditional folk houses
How to restore american cars of the '50s : Peggy sue : 1957 chevrolet restoration
Amateur gunsmithing
Conservation guidelines. No. 4, Mortars, pointing and renders
Repairing pottery and porcelain : a practical guide
The static restoration of monuments : basic criteria-case histories, strengthening of buildings damaged by earthquakes
Restoration recipes
The actual problems of the unique Russian wooden architecture monuments' researching and saving : Nenoksa - Petrozavodsk - Kizhi : international symposium, papers
Masonry : how to care for old and historic brick and stone
HMS Victory : classic ships no 1 : their history and how to model them
Conservation guidelines. No. 15, Settings & landscape
Furniture restoration : a professional at work
Sanatorium Zonnestraal : history and restoration of a modern monument
Maintaining and repairing old houses : a guide to conservation, sustainability and economy
Repairing & restoring chairs : professional techniques to bring your furniture back to life
Old house eco handbook : a practical guide to retrofitting for energy-efficiency & sustainability
Collins care and repair of furniture
Practical classics : buying, restoring & enjoying older cars
Restoration : Is It Acceptable?
Modern matters : principles and practice in conserving recent architecure
Conservation guidelines. No. 10, Roofs & rainwater goods
FURNITURE MAKEOVERS IN A WEEKEND
"This edition presents the most prominent topics and applications of digital image processing, analysis, and computer graphics in the field of cultural heritage preservation. The text assumes prior knowledge of digital image processing and computer graphics fundamentals. Each chapter contains a table of contents, illustrations, and figures that elucidate the presented concepts in detail, as well as a chapter summary and a bibliography for further reading. Well-known experts cover a wide range of topics and related applications, including spectral imaging, automated restoration, computational reconstruction, digital reproduction, and 3D models"--Provided by publisher.
Restoring furniture
The caner's handbook : a descriptive guide with step-by-step photographs for restoring cane, rush, splint, Danish cord, rawhide, and wicker furniture
The Zeituna House : a damascene courtyard house and its restoration
Refurbishment and repair in construction
The iron ship : the story of Brunel's ss Great Britain
Country living
Upholstery restoration
A history of architectural conservation
The ancient Hexateuch, Ms. Ambrosianus A 147 inf., produced at the beginning of the 5th century, shows an unusual attitude towards the biblical text on the part of those (people) who restored the codex at the end of the 11th century: they not only retraced the ink throughout and replaced some lost sheets, but also revised the biblical text of the Septuagint in order to make it conform to the Masoretic text. Mariachiara Fincati provides a complete analysis of each individual modification introduced by the restorer(s); specifically, Fincati exemplifies this by giving comparisons with extant Jewish and Christian Greek translations of the Bible (hexaplaric variants, Jewish scholia, the text of the so called Graecus Venetus, the Greek text of the Constantinople Polyglott Pentateuch). Finally, Fincati suggests some hypotheses concerning the Christian milieu where the restoration and the revision of the biblical codex may have taken place.
Lasers and optical methods in artwork restoration : Book of abstracts
Conservation framing
Conservation guidelines. No. 2, Sources of information
Contemporary theory of conservation
Structural investigation of historic buildings : a case study guide to preservation technology for buildings, bridges, towers, and mills
The lost gardens of Heligan
New living in old houses
Repairing & restoring tables : professional techniques to bring your furniture back to life
Wetland creation and restoration : the status of the science
Ancient and modern mortars in the restoration of historical buildings
A guide to the conservation and restoration of objects made wholly or in part of leather
The Bachelor
Paint recipe book
Automotive bodywork and rust repair
The Preah Ko temple : emergency consolidation at Angkor, Campodia. Vol. 4, Drawings
Heritage gardens : care, conservation and management
Estrategias relativas al patrimonio cultural mundial : la salvaguardia en un mundo globalizado : principios, prácticas y perspectivas = Strategies for he world's cultural heritage : preservation in a globalised world : principles, practices, perspectives = Stratégies pour le patrimoine culturel du monde : la conservation dans un monde globalisé : principes, pratiques, perspectives
Enzymatic restoration and authentication of Guiseppe Arcimboldo's "Vertumnus"
Kalmar domkyrka i nytt ljus : restaureringen 2005-2011 = Kalmar Cathedral in new light : the conservation, 2005-2011
Restoring old buildings for contemporary uses : an American sourcebook for architects and preservationists
Conservation guidelines. No. 7, Stone-walling
The restoration of old houses
The value of conservation? : A Literature review of the economic and social value of the cultural built heritage
Jaguar XJ6 : purchase and restoration guide
The technology of building defects
Recording, documentation, and information management for the conservation of heritage places : guiding principles
Novel living : collecting, decorating, and crafting with books
Repairing and restoring chairs : professional techniques to bring your furniture back to life
Restoration of paintings
Hoitosuunnitelma : Suomenlinna - Unescon maailmanperintökohde = Management plan : Fortress of Suomenlinna - Unesco world heritage site c
Project Charger : the step-by-step restoration of a popular vintage car
Care & repair of antiques & collectables : a step-by-step guide
Conservation guidelines. No. 11, Rising damp & timber decay
Jazz up your junk with Linda Barker
Upholstery : complete step-by-step
Asian sacred natural sites : philosophy and practice in protected areas and conservation
Crafts and heritage
How to fix absolutely anything : a homeowner's guide
Collecting & restoring antique bicycles
World cultural heritage a global challenge : documentation on the International Symposium in Hildesheim/Germany 23.02.-01.03.1997
The Rembrandt affair
Conserving the authentic : essays in honour of Jukka Jokilehto
Making and repairing furniture : a visual guide
Fiat 500 : la guida = the guide
Lost plantations of the South
Restoring oil paintings : a practical guide
The complete guide to chair caning : restoring cane, rush, splint, wicker & rattan furniture
Conservation guidelines. No. 5, Interior joinery and fittings
The art of the stonemason
Anatomy of a restoration : the Brancacci Chapel
Conservation guidelines. No. 12, Interior decoration & finishes
The industrial heritage : transaction. Vol. 3
Classic Swedish interiors
Conservation and restoration in Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania : catalogue of exhibition
"Preface Paintings, frescos, antique photographic prints, incunabulas, old books, handwritten documents, sculptures, ceramic fragments and other ancient manufacts constitute the elements of an extremely valuable and immense historical patrimony. Their digitalization opens up the possibility to use various image processing and analysis and Computer Graphics techniques to preserve this Cultural Heritage for future generations. Digital imaging solutions can be used to generate virtually restored versions of the original artworks to be presented in online museums and/or for further development of historical studies. Application of various feature extraction and image data analysis techniques is useful to address problems of authorship and artwork style categorization in the history of arts. Three-dimensional reconstruction of ancient artworks or entire archeological sites allows the creation of multidimensional models that incorporate information coming from excavations, archaeological knowhow and heterogeneous historical sources. Pioneer work in this area has sprung from the close, but too often occasional, cooperation of scientists with historians and archaeologists"--Provided by publisher.
Quick and easy upholstery : 15 step-by-step easy-to-follow projects
The trail of lot 163 : in search of lost art treasures
Digital imaging for cultural heritage preservation : analysis, restoration, and reconstruction of ancient artworks
Guidelines for restoring brick masonry
Mortars in Old Structures
"Addressing a variety of applications, this book covers a wide range of topics pertaining to image restoration. Topics covered include image denoising, document image analysis, remote sensing applications, and image formation modeling. Content also addresses blind image restoration, iterative optimization techniques, learning-based image restoration, and non-local approach, as well as super-resolution, multi-spectral restoration, and video inpainting. Contributors from various countries help readers understand the essentials, the state of the art, and the research directions. The text features background material, mathematical content, a survey of the methods, examples, comparisons, and a bibliography".
James Strike explains the strategies for producing new development at historic sites, examining the philosophy of conservation practive and stressing the importance of taking into account the characteristics of each individual site.
Painted wooden furniture
Conserving buildings : guide to techniques and materials
The industrial heritage : transaction. Vol. 2, Scandinavian reports
Old house handbook : a practical guide to care and repair
The restorer's handbook of easel painting
Repair and construction : furniture styles, restoring and projects
Mini : restoration manual
Vēsturisko drupu konservācijas problēmas : Starptautiskā simpozija un konferences materiāli = The problems of historical ruin conservation
The National Trust manual of housekeeping : care and conservation of collections in historic houses
Wooden boat renovation : new life for old boats using modern methods
Flotation technology
Conservation and seismic strengthening of Byzantine churches in Macedonia
Practical picture restoration
The medieval revision of the Ambrosian hexateuch : critical editing between Septuaginta and Hebraica Veritas in MS Ambrosianus A 147 inf
Conservation guidelines. No. 13, Ironwork
Saving Bletchley Park
Two-hour scrap crafts
HMS Victory : her construction, career and restoration
Touching vision : essays on restoration theory and the perception of art
Theory of restoration
Photoshop restoration & retouching
Conservation and restoration of Jaeger's Oath-church in Liepaja, Latvia
I restauri dell'Acropoli di Atene (1975-2003) = Restoration of the Athenian Acropolis (1975-2003)
Scientific examination of art : modern techniques in conservation and analysis
Sacred art heritage: investigations, conservation and restoration : 6th triennial meeting for Baltic states restorers. Vilnius, Lithuania, 21-23 November 2002.
Conservation guidelines. No. 14, Shopfronts
Architecture in conservation : managing development at historic sites
Refurbishment and repair accounts for approximately 50% of annual construction turnover. It is therefore essential that practitioners and those students who aspire to work in this sector are equipped with the best tools to do the job. This book has been produced to fill that gap in construction literature. The nature of refurbishment and repair is different from new build since it is necessary to work within the constraints of an existing situation. The structure may have been built to standards not recognised today. Guidance is provided to deal with such situations and how to assess the residual life of a refurbished or repaired building. It is essential for those involved in this type of work to have knowledge of the structure under consideration. Failiure to investigate the history of existing developments may add considerably to the cost of construction, and in an extreme circumstance, structural collapse and loss of life. This book proceeds logically through the reasons to consider refurbishment and repair and offers advice on risks, discovery, contracts, materials, learning from the past and legal restraints. Best practice is illustrated by a series of case studies. Extensive bibliographies have been provided to assist those with the need for further research.
Restoration reveals The Last Supper (of) Leonardo da Vinci
Stripping and polishing furniture - a practical guide
The furniture bible
Tractor restoration : paintwork
Restoration '92 : conservation, training, materials and techniques: latest developments : preprints to the conference held at the RAI International Exhibition and Congress Centre, Amsterdam, 20-22 October 1992
Historic interiors : conservation, restoration and reconstruction
Ruins : their preservation and display
Fly past, fly present : a celebration of preserved aviation
Conservation of old buildings
Protection of historical monuments in Poland
Conservation and restoration of pictorial art
The restoration of the Roman Forum in late antiquity : transforming public space
Architectural preservation in Japan
Caring for the past : issues in conservation for archaeology and museums
How to restore your collector car
How to Restore Auto Upholstery
How to restore Antique furniture
The actual problems of the unique Russian wooden architecture monumentsȧ researching and saving : Nenoksa - Petrosavodsk - Kizhi
Maintenance of historic buildings : a practical handbook
Conservation guidelines. No. 6, Decorative plasterwork
The English girl
How to restore & repair furniture : how to give any job the professional touch
Cleaning, retouching and coatings : technology and practice for easel paintings and polychrome sculpture : preprints of the contributions to the Brussels congress, 3-7 september 1990
Repairing and restoring chests and cabinets : professional techniques to bring your furniture back to life
