http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1832 contentment
contentment
Customer satisfaction research: : Two English taught programs at Sedu
Finding a right way to communicate : evaluation of communication practices in a multicultural project
Creating an employee satisfaction survey process : Case: CARGOTEC
Abstract.
Analysis of customer satisfaction data : a comprehensive guide to multivariate statistical analysis in customer satisfaction, loyalty, and service quality research
The Battersea Park Road to paradise : five adventures in doing and being
The happiness project : or, why I spent a year trying to sing in the morning, clean my closets, fight right, read Aristotle, and generally have more fun
Innovations in Commercial Banking
Satisfaction in basic military training : an international comparison
Customer-focused marketing : actions for delivering greater internal and external customer satisfaction
The Social Insurance Institution of Finland : experiences with a performance bonus experiment in 2006
Causality and multidimensionality of strategic performance management systems : the impact on managers' satisfaction
The six principles of service excellence : a proven strategy for driving world-class employee performance and elevating the customer experience from average to extraordinary
Service development plan : Case: Finnish Red Cross Tampere Branch home care service
Customer satisfaction research for Kotimaailma Apartments
Developing of management business
Studies on factors related to life satisfaction : studies on life satisfaction in samples of the general population and depressive patients
Satisfaction survey of music against drugs
Process of the logistics operations in Kemira Agro oy - Harjavalta plants from the customers' point of view in the East Central Europe Area and Turkey
Non-conformity handling process and internal customer satisfaction
Customer satisfaction survey, result analysis and utilization in a global forestry company
"A contented baby has a sensitive mother" : the construct and determinants of maternal sensitivity behaviour and its association with infant temperament and behaviour in early interaction
Challenges for new product development process in international B2B market
Designing a security intranet for company X
Measuring customer satisfaction a case study: Kuopio Setlementti Puijola RY (Kompassi)
Application of Customer Relationship Management in Chinese Retail Industry   : Case: Lianhua Supermarket
Customer Satisfaction in Experiental Megazone Tampere
Customer-focused quality : what to do on Monday morning
Productivity and customer satisfaction - a DEA network model
Tampere, Destination for Domestic and International Visitors
AMA handbook for customer satisfaction
Customer satisfaction – facts and measuring : Case: Takamäki Group
Adapting Net Promoter thinking in public sector organizations
Happy performing managers : the impact of affective wellbeing and intrinsic job satisfaction in the workplace
Customer satisfaction of Nice Run
All I am asking is for a little respect : nurses ́experiences of their respect in hospital organization
Mind maps at work : how to be the best at your job and still have time to play
Customer Satisfaction in the Banking Sector
Retail dis/satisfaction : framing the domain of consumer dis/satisfaction in a dynamic shopping context
User study of M-real IT Intranet
Symptoms of depression in elderly : a comparative study on people aged 65 years and above living in an old age home and in their own home in Nepal
Quality dynamics in professional services
How to motivate high-demanding employees : Case: UPM-Kymmene Tampere Service Centre
Consumer satisfaction in restaurant business in Tornio : effects of attributes of service quality and related factors on customer satisfaction
The quality of SIS Housing Services provided for international students at UIS
Job Satisfaction and Innovation in Non-profit Organisations : Relationships between Facets of Job Satisfaction and Technological and Administrative Innovations
The market oriented university : transforming higher education
Quality service : an analysis of the key factors determining customer satisfaction : case study : Select Travel Ltd
Health care in the U.S. : equitable for whom?
An investigation into the issues facing effective employee induction : the case of new employee induction at the Skanska Nordic Procurement Unit
A link between consumer dis/satisfaction and postpurchase word-of-mouth intentions : an experimental study
Development of Customer Satisfaction : HAMK Education and Research Centre of Wellbeing
The quality of the customer specific broadband system solutions
A squash and a squeeze
Has customer satisfaction been  affected by the offshoring trend of call centres in the  British insurance industry?
User satisfaction concerning current macro-environment analysis methods in Finnish public companies
An examination of factors influencing ERP key-user satisfaction : A qualitative case study
Customer Satisfaction Survey for My French Corner
Impact of online pre-purchase search on consumer satisfaction
Market Research to Develop the Promotional Activities of Savonia UAS in the Russian Market
The fulfilment of knowledge expectations during the perioperative period of patients undergoing knee arthroplasty - a Nordic perspective
Customer satisfaction analysis: Case Akzept Ltd
Integrated Marketing Communications Strategy for a Vegetarian Snack
On New Year's Eve, journalist and former Parade editor-in-chief Janice Kaplan makes a promise to be grateful and look on the bright side of whatever happens. She realizes that how she feels over the next months will have less to do with the events that occur than with her own attitude and perspective. Getting advice at every turn from psychologists, academics, doctors and philosophers, Kaplan embarks on a smart, witty and insightful journey that will empower readers to think positively and start living their own best year ever.
Satisfaction of adult learners with adult education programs in Tanzania : the case of carpentry and joinery grade III
Attainment and reflection : the role of social capital and regrets in developmental regulation
Finnish high-quality products and Chinese customer satisfaction
Essays on investment decisions of households across the wealth spectrum
Making strategy work : sense and sensibility of results-oriented pay systems
Customer satisfaction in B2B cloud services
The Importance of the First Impression in Hotel Customer Service
The psychology of happiness
Critical review of consumer satisfaction research
Residential environments : choice, satisfaction, and behavior
Job satisfaction at Company Teija Jousi Viikarit
Electronic banking in Finland : consumer beliefs, attitudes, intentions and behaviors
Improving your measurement of customer satisfaction : a guide to creating, conducting, analyzing, and reporting customer satisfaction measurement programs
Athlete leadership behavior : how it relates to perceived team cohesion and players' satisfaction in elite sport teams
The many faces of life satisfaction among Finnish young adults'
CUSTOMER OPINIONS ON BANK SERVICES IN CHINA CONSTRUCTION BANK
An Investigation into the Issues Facing Effective Employee Induction : The Case of New Employee Induction at the Skanska Nordic Procurement Unit
Job Satisfaction and Efficiency Among Hotel Workers : A Case Study Giant Star Hotel Nigeria
Designing and delivering superior customer value : concepts, cases and applications
Improving Customer Satisfaction at Oy Poppamies
From tin soldiers to Russian dolls : creating added value through services
Improving Customer Satisfaction, case Tiger Airways
Customers for life : how to turn that one-time buyer into a lifetime customer
The Impact of a Robust Quality System on a Bank's Customer Satisfaction Levels : a Research Study for Lammin Osuuspankki
Post-Purchase Evaluation in the Smartphone Market: An Investigation into Cognitive Dissonance among iPhone and Other Smartphone Brand Owners
Satisfaction and company loyalty as expressed by non-industrial private forest owners towards timber procurement organizations in Finland
Handbook of customer satisfaction measurement
The happiness equation : meditations on happiness and success
Customer Satisfaction: Rantasipi Ikaalinen Spa
Perceptions and satisfaction among Norplant users in Finland
Against happiness : in praise of melancholy
Please your guests : a business guide for small hotels, B&Bs, guesthouses & farmhouses
Customer satisfaction in international project-based heavy industry
Discontinuance in adoption process : an exploratory study of discontinuance of an adopted innovation
Measuring customer satisfaction : development and use of questionnaires
Advances in services marketing and management : research and practice. Vol. 3
The value of employee satisfaction surveys : a comparison between internal research and outsourced study
Customer satisfaction and building customer relationship in Asia Pacific : case: Orion Pharma
Introducing Content Marketing for B2B : Case Study: Subcontracting
Associations between life satisfaction, depression, antidepressant use, and bone
Build your customer strategy : a guide to creating profitable relationships
Abstract: An investigation into the issues facing effective employee induction : the case of new employee induction at the Skanska Nordic Procurement Unit. The main objective of this study was to investigate what are the issues and possible problems that this one unit in a researched company is facing in their induction and how the employees themselves see the current situation of the induction.    The researched company unit felt that there was a need for a  concentrated induction process created especially for the employees of this particular unit. Before planning the new process, it would be essential to map the current situation  and define the issues that have to be taken into account when planning the induction.    This Bachelor's Thesis is therefore investigating what are the most important issues to take into consideration when it comes to new employee induction.    A critical review of the literature was carried out and an online questionnaire was administered to 53 employees who had joined the researched company unit within the past year.    The results revealed that there is no common process followed at the researched company unit. Furthermore, the findings illustrate that the issues that the company should take into account regarding the induction are the induction plan and the presence of the immediate supervisor on the newcomer's first day.
The job satisfaction of English teachers in Finnish elementary, middle and upper secondary schools
Employee Motivation at Tommy Bartlett, Inc.
Helsinki 2014 : urban life, openness and citizen engagement
Leisure and life satisfaction : foundational perspectives
The aim of the study was to define the value, produced to a company, by an employee satisfaction survey. As there are two different kinds of researches, internal and outsourced, the secondary purpose was to find out, whether there was any difference between these two methods. The research began in autumn 2008 and was finalized in May 2009.      In the beginning, a description of a good workplace will be given, followed by defining the most important issues for wellbeing at work. There are factors, which the individual can impact on, such as recruitment, commitment and sick leaves. There are also factors, which the organization can impact on, such as customer satisfaction, sales and brand image.    Semi structured interviews with professionals in management level, were used to gather information for this thesis. The outcomes of the interviews, supported by own experience and knowledge, will be presented and later analyzed.    The findings were not very surprising, as the results showed once more that employees are the most precious asset for any company. When the wellbeing of employees is emphasized, it results in more satisfied employees. After a period of time this turns into commitment towards the company, which eventually results into cost savings, through for example less sick leaves. Satisfied employees lead also to satisfied customers, which can also reflect on employee satisfaction. Pleased customers promote the company's image positively. This leads to a larger customer base and increased sales. At the same time the company creates interest for possible future employees. The circle closes when the money earned through satisfied employees is again invested into improvement of wellbeing at work.      The research also showed that it is not enough to only conduct employee satisfaction surveys, but it requires serious involvement and readiness for change, by the management. A serious distinction between internal and outsourced study could not be found. Money, time and benchmark possibilities were the issues, which varied the most and had most notable differences.     The most important conclusion was that it is necessary to research employee satisfaction in some way, to be able to develop the company's wellbeing in order to build a better place to work.
Customer retention : an integrated process for keeping your best customers
The gratitude diaries : how a year looking on the bright side transformed my life
Enough
Foundations of service level management
Advance in the local tourism through marketing approach : Case: Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam
Customer and employee experinces of Euro launch and transition phase in Middle Finland area
Methods for testing laboratories to evaluate customer satisfaction and to enhance service quality
Communicating through the hotel language barrier : case: Hilton Ras al Khaimah resort and spa
Customer satisfaction is the perception where the customer's expectations and needs have been met, exceeded or surpassed. Quality is based on the perception of the customer, whatever the customer considers as quality; simple and elegant. The distinction between these two issues are important, the service providers need to know whether to emphasise on satisfying customers, or trying to increase customer satisfaction by aiming for higher service quality. Sushi bar and Teppanyaki are traditional Japanese ways of dining. They are relatively new in Finland and this research aims to study the satisfaction of Japanese food lovers who visit the restaurant. This quantitative research case study examines the satisfaction level of a sample group of customers at Eatz Restaurants. The aim of the research is to measure the level of satisfaction in order to provide the best possible service and quality for the customers in the future. Furthermore, the target market of the restaurant operations is segmented in order to create a customer profile. The empirical part of the research is based on questionnaires filled in by customers that evaluated the service level during their visit at the restaurant. With the help of the research outcome from this customer satisfaction survey, the operational standards of Eatz Restaurants can systematically be improved to increase the quality of the product and service provided.
Self-activeness in domiciliary care : patient's need for help and help received
Approaches to consumer satisfaction : whose choice is it, anyway
Perceived service quality in pharmacies
Customer satisfaction research for Company X
Designing and Testing an Educational Program for Professional Development  in Work Place : Sharing Expertise in Teachers' Peer Group Mentoring
WELL-BEING OF BODY AND SOUL : Fitness and Pampering in Spa Hotel Kivitippu
Customer relationship management process : case: Raxco Finland Oy = Asiakkuudenhallintaprosessit
Core factors influencing satisfaction with a Chinese social networking site page service
Customer satisfaction survey for clothing store Pointguard
Improving internal customer relationship in IT Purchases Case: Helsinki Metropolia University of Applied Sciences
Quality of school life of Korean adolescents focusing on ability-grouping and mixed ability-grouping
40 top tools for manufacturers : A guide for implementing powerful improvement activities
Measuring and managing customer satisfaction : going for the gold
Teaching is a profession notorious for high 'burn-out', with some describing this process  beginning as early as student teaching. Struggling teachers feel disconnected and uninspired. On the side  of them, new teachers make their way through their induction years. At schools and in universities  experienced teachers and researchers have a lot of contextual knowledge and competences. Value  increasing projects like peer group mentoring are needed to enhance both conceptual and practical  implications for understanding learning in professional communities. The present study is aimed at  investigating factors which contribute to variations of teachers and researchers coping through the  stages of their professional lives. The idea of sustaining the commitment goes back to the conception of  social learning in communities of practice (Wenger, 1998). The 14-month program of 15 ECTS credits (400  hours) was started in 2010 in Oulu University of Applied Sciences (Oulu UAS), in the School of Vocational  Teacher Education (SVTE) and is continuing still, starting with slight alterations every year. Each year a  group of about 10 experienced professionals are educated to act as peer group mentors in their work  places. Yearly their expectations, feedbacks and overall evaluations are collected to form a data basis for  research. Among the most convincing features expressed in the research material which support the  planned aims was the acquisition of fresh attitudes towards work places, their functions and the  employees' roles in them. Besides widened perspectives, feelings of collegial respect, sense of  professional ethics and personal positive attitudes to professional growth were apparent.
Job satisfaction among ethnic minorities in Helsinki
Creating customers for life
Marketing analysis of JJK Jyväskylä, a first division football club in Finland
Customer satisfaction analysis : Case Company Aninkaisten Kiinteistövälitys Oy
The Suitability of Thinking Portfolio® Software in Project Reporting. Case: Cargotec
Improvement of Customer Satisfaction and Service Quality. Case Lassila & Tikanoja Oyj
Inequalities in Adolescent Health and Life Satisfaction : Evidence from the Health Behaviour in School-Aged Children Study
Missing out : in praise of the unlived life
The Development of Customer Relationships and business : Epe's Music Store
What factors influence Chinese flight attendants to deliver service quality?
Attitudes of American deaf leaders toward Sign Language interpreters : attitudinal studies relating to American deaf leaders' experiences and satisfaction with Sign Language interpreters
The consumer markets scoreboard
Student satisfaction in online education provided by InforSEC project
Handbook for sales departments in international business, case: SOL
The factors affecting the use of contactless payments
Perceived health and life control : a theoretical review and empirical study about the connections between health and life control determined according to the strength of the sense of coherence
Seeking and keeping your customers
Customer Satisfaction Survey for an E-commerce Company : Case: Omenamies
Customer satisfaction for services in project-based business : a customer satisfaction survey for the TeamWARE Group of ICL
The science of happily ever after : what really matters in the quest for enduring love
Sociale vergelijking en sociale uitwisseling in huwelijksrelaties = social comparison and social exchange in marital relations
Quality factors affecting end-user satisfaction with ERP systems in Estonia
Exploring Dimensions of Customer Satisfaction : a qualitative study
The happy owls
Job Satisfaction and Welfare of Store Managers : Siwas in Kuopio
Case survey of supplier relationships
Stop telling - start selling : how to use customer-focused dialoque to close sales
Customer satisfaction of an apartment hotel
Measuring customer satisfaction
The big leap : conquer your hidden fear and take life to the next level
Customer Satisfaction Level in Mount Sherpa Restaurant
Customer satisfaction survey : case: Eatz restaurants
The quality of American life : perceptions, evaluations, and satisfactions
Satisfaction of carefivers of patients with schizophrenia in Finland
Post-purchase evaluation in the smartphone market : an investigation into cognitive dissonance among iPhone and other smartphone brand owners
Teachers of English in Finnish upper secondary general school and their job satisfaction
Personality, well-being and job resources : from negative paradigm towards positive psychology
Customer satisfaction in car maintenance service
Customer satisfaction measurement and management : using the voice of the customer
Customer Satisfaction of S-card members in Sokos Hotel Ilves
Governance of life in Chinese moral experience : the quest for an adequate life
Work without stress : a practical guide to emotional and physical well-being on the job
With the help of an old man and all of her animals, an old lady realizes that her house is not as small as she thought it was.
Abstract: Post-purchase evaluation in the smartphone market : an investigation into cognitive dissonance among iPhone and other smartphone brand owners. Purpose    The main objective was to investigate whether iPhone owners experienced less cognitive post-purchase dissonance than other brand owners and was this due to the marketing communications efforts of Apple Inc., from hereon called Apple. Finally, the influence of Web 2.0 in the process of post-purchase evaluation was examined. Web 2.0 is a version of the Internet and it encourages towards user engagement on websites such as Facebook.    Methodology    A critical review of the literature on cognitive dissonance was carried out and an online questionnaire was sent out to three hundred and five people. Sixty-eight responses were received. Of the respondents, forty-nine had a smartphone, of which twelve had an iPhone and thirty seven had other brand phone. Both quantitative and qualitative research methods were applied, but the emphasis was on quantitative.    Findings    In many instances iPhone owners were more satisfied with their choice than the other brand owners. However, there were no particular indicators of the other brand owners being distinctively more dissonant than iPhone owners. There was no particular difference in the recall rate of traditional marketing communications efforts of Apple between iPhone and the other brand owners, but iPhone owners were significantly more present in Web 2.0 and recalled encountering iPhone more.    Research Limitations/Implications    The survey was carried out in the smartphone market with a small sample so caution needs to be taken when generalising the results. It would be interesting to study all brands as separate groups and compare the level of dissonance between them.    Practical Implications    The main conclusion was that more effort should be put on marketing communications in Web 2.0 when aiming to decrease dissonance.    Originality/Value    As there is little published literature or research on the Web 2.0 and cognitive dissonance in the smartphone market, this study provides valuable insight on smartphone owners' post-purchase evaluation and behaviour online.
Satisfaction : a behavioral perspective on the consumer
Customer Satisfaction as a Base for Tourism Development Case: Helsinki Region Transport
Increasing Employee Satisfaction and Motivation : Case Company: Top Connect OÜ
Adaptation and face and linguistic validation of the modified KWAZO and EATS- 2D instruments into Finnish circumstances
The impact of customer service quality on customer satisfaction in tourism sector
Advances in quality of life theory and research
Predictors of Dutch and Finnish children's satisfaction with schooling
MIDSUMMER IN TOP CAMPING YYTERI - A CUSTOMER SATISFACTION SURVEY
The objective of this thesis was to map and examine the satisfaction of Konecranes` suppliers with the co-operation between the companies and how smooth it is. This was conducted with a survey to evaluate the general state of supplier satisfaction and also possible areas for improvement. The survey was executed by using Webropol, an online survey and analysis software. A link to participate in the survey was sent to the selected suppliers via e-mail. A total of 60 companies received the invitation resulting with 35 answers. The theory of this thesis discusses companies` procurement in general and supplier relationships and its components as a part of supply chain management. A company presentation is also included in the theory part of this thesis. The results of the survey indicate that the suppliers are mainly very satisfied with Konecranes as a business partner and see a continuity for the co-operation also in the future. The improvement ideas concerned even more smooth information flow and earlier supplier involvement in new product developments. This survey was a first of its kind due to which there were not previous results for comparison.
Why do people produce content to user generated media? : a study of bloggers' motivations
Factors influencing the use of self booking tool in Cargotech Corporation
Making customer satisfaction happen : a strategy for delighting customers
Second European quality of life survey : family life and work
Summary.
Custom-made fashion : Customized fashion collection
Who's happy?
Frequent travellers' satisfaction on the online self-booking tool in Borealis Polymers Oy
Ultimate patient satisfaction : Designing, implementing, or rejuvenating an effective patient satisfaction and TQM program
Satisfaction in close relationships
Understanding and managing customers
A world of experiences : how are leisure time and its activities experienced? : a Finnish viewpoint
Marketing research for Lastentarvike Oy
Hospital nurses' job satisfaction : a literature review
Keeping customers
Estimating zones of tolerance in perceived service quality and perceived service value
"We feel their genuine kindness" : an intercultural approach to Japanese tourist satisfaction with Finnish service encounters
Customer satisfaction : "reseacrch & management"
The preliminary development of the children's overall satisfaction with schooling scale (COSSS)
Service recovery : fixing broken customers
Effects of critical incidents on consumer satisfaction
Creating an employee satisfaction survey process : case : Cargotec
Psychosocial well-being of schoolchildren in the Barents region : a comparison from the northern parts of Norway, Sweden and Finland and Northwest Russia
Benefits and utilisation of customer satisfaction surveys
Modelling and analyzing empirically the success of adp systems use
Inequalities in Adolescent Health and Life Satisfaction : Evidence from the Health Behaviour in School-aged Children study
Customer Relationship Management- research : Case: Learnpoint Oy
Predicting forest owners' timber-selling satisfaction
Service journey and Customer experience in Marimekko shop Berlin
Customer Satisfaction in Service Industry : Case Study of Nokia River Golf
Foreigners and employment in the Pirkanmaa region : an assessment on tutoring provided by TAMK BBA programme
Customer’s satisfaction and loyalty through e-commerce: the case of company X
Importance of customer satisfaction : customer satisfaction research for Videcam
