http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18367 nurse researchers
nurse researchers
Rapid research methods for nurses, midwives and health professionals
Evaluation of health care quality in advanced practice nursing
Realisation of primary nursing supported by team nursing : nurses' experiences
Abstract: Primary care nurses' attitudes toward depression and its treatment.
Journal of librarianship and information science
Listening to patients : a phenomenological approach to nursing research and practice
Case studies in library and information science ethics
The Remorseful day
Hoitotiede 1991 : Pro Nursing ry:n vuosikirja : International nursing conference
Getting research into practice
The patient's treatment with CPAP face mask from staff nurses' perspective
Cardiovascular nursing education and its main content areas : post registration nursing education in six European countries
Learning in multiple contexts : papers and posters presented at the First Joensuu Symposium on Learning and Instruction
Collaboration between ward, home help, district nursing and day hospital in the health care center of Masku as a part of a quality assurance project
Abstract: Reinforcing and sharing emotions: developing a theoretical construct of nurse-patient interaction.
World guide to library, archive, and information science associations
Saunders nursing guide to laboratory and diagnostic tests
Nurses' job satisfaction in Finland and in the United States
Public health nursing in primary health care based on the population responsibility principle
Clean hands are safer hands
A history of nursing ideas
Tiivistelmä: Realisation of primary nursing supported by team nursing : nurses' experiences.
Interactive two-step training and management strategy for improvement of the quality of point-of-care testing by nurses : implementation of the strategy in blood glucose measurement
Complexity of attitudes towards death and euthanasia
Nurses' collegiality in the operation units 1 and 2 in the Central Hospital of Central Finland
Abstract: The formation of nursing students' conception of nursing during nurse education.
Education for information
The knowledge of INOvent®- delivery system among nurses at some neonatals' and children's intensive care units in Finland
Men as workers in services for young children : issues of a mixed gender workforce : proceedings of a seminar held at Henley on Thames, 29-31 May 1997
This valuable book, written specifically for library and information science professionals, presents 125 case studies that combine theories of ethics and librarianship with practical, real-life scenarios. After an introduction to ethics in library and information science, chapters are devoted to ethical issues in five categories: intellectual freedom, privacy, intellectual property, professional ethics, and intercultural information ethics. Each chapter has a theoretical introduction to the issue under consideration followed by 25 case studies, each of which includes its own set of discussion questions. Perfectly suited to classroom use, these case studies help bridge the complicated gap between students, academics, and practitioners in the field by promoting critical thinking and responsible action.
Critical learning incidents and use as a learning method : a comparison of Finnish and British nurse student teachers
Radiography students' learning : how do the students learn to perform plain x-rays during their studies?
Development project for sports facility maintainance : creating a web service www.liikuntapaikkojenhoito.fi
International nursing conference in polar twilight : people, environmental conditions and health in the arctic region, 3-5 December 1996, Lapland College of Health Care, Rovaniemi, Finland : proceedings
Patient care in radiography : with an introduction to medical imaging
Research evidence implementation and its requirements in nursing education
Routledge handbook of clinical supervision : fundamental international themes
Information and the information professions : volume I of the selected works of Marcia J. Bates
Feminist social policy in Finland : contradictions of municipal homemaking
The virtual reference experience : integrating theory into practice
Professionalisation of nursing in England and Spain : a comparative study
Living with a sick child in hospital : the experiences of parents and nurses
Study motivation, work orientation and 'personality structure' of future librarians : a research among approximately 500 first-year library school students from 8 European countries
Touch in the nursing care of elderly patients
Nursing theorists and their work
Nursing reseach : setting new agendas
Three bedrooms, one corpse : an Aurora Teagarden novel
The conceptions of care among family caregivers of persons living with HIV/AIDS in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia
Radiographic interpretation for the dental hygienist
Summary.
Evidence-based practice for information professionals : a handbook
Twenty thousand nurses tell their story
Changes in Finnish nursing students' learning approaches between the mid-1990s and the mid-2000s
Action research for nurses
Mary Swann
Theory and practice of histological techniques
Clinical nurse specialist role in Finnish health care
Gender and the professional predicament in nursing
Research methods for nurses and the caring professions
Opportunities in clinical laboratory science careers
Workgroup of European Nurse Researchers : 21st annual meeting : workgroup report
Decision making approaches and modules applied by Estonian nurse practitioners
Building your portfolio : the CILIP guide
Principles and practice of nursing reseach
Evidence-based teaching : current research in nursing education
Guides for stress coping during clinical training for international degree nursing students
Understanding laboratory investigations for nurses and health professionals
BSAVA manual of practical veterinary nursing
The remorseful day
This book is a fresh contribution to the feminist welfare state debate as far as caring is concerned. By using the case of municipal homemakers in Finland, the author analyzes the relation between women and the caring state. The analysis addresses the welfare state formation, beneficial for women and built by women in alliance with leftist men, sympathetic to women's issues. The Finnish experience differs from any other Western models of home help. In Finland, municipal homemakers are well trained, permanently promoted into their public employee positions and they earn fixed monthly salaries. The homemaking position is not a case of female reserve labour but a life-long occupation. The emergence and development of the occupation is analyzed from a critical perspective, differentiating between ideologies and actual practices in creation of this public caring reform. However, the gendered nature of caring work in the public sphere also in the Nordic countries comes out clearly: it is a woman's work with women's wage and low status in spite of high unionization. The welfare state is contradictory to women.
English summary.
Contradictions of the welfare state, women and caring : municipal homemaking in Finland
The purpose was to investigate nurses' knowledge and attitudes about their hand hygiene during working in a hospital. The objective was to collect evidence-based research articles and analyze effectiveness between nurses' knowledge and attitudes. The method of this thesis was literature review. Data was collected from scientific database CINAHL. All articles were published between 2000 and 2011 in English language. Five of these articles were chosen for this thesis and all of these five articles were peer reviewed. Results of this study point out that providing education of hand hygiene in nursing helps to provide better attitude during working in a hospital. The result also suggested to nursing students that knowledge and attitude affected each other in hand hygiene implementation. As nursing students are the future work force, it is important to have enough knowledge and a positive attitude to prevent hospital infections with good hand hygiene implementation.
The janissary tree
The student nurse handbook : a survival guide
Doing a research project in nursing & midwifery : a basic guide to research using the literature review methodology
Abstract: The content of addiction nursing in specialized treatment agencies.
Promotion of the good life : development of a curriculum for public health nurses
Abstract: Nursing staff's experiences for implementations of primary nursing in the operative units of the Central Finland central hospital.
Communication : the essence of science : facilitating information exchange among librarians, scientists, engineers and students
European nurses' life and work under restructuring
