http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1833 work content
work content
Understanding social work : preparing for practice
Practical nurses' work role and workplace ethos in an era of austerity
Abstract: From secret affair to tentative partnership : how the process of social work is constructed.
Development of job descriptions for soft service positions
Abstract: Dental hygienists' contents of work nationally and internationally : literature review.
Job power : blue and white collar democracy
Working in the virtual stacks : the new library and information science
Creative labour : working in the creative industries
Intrinsic motivation at work : building energy & commitment
Summary in Finnish.
How to define occupational content and job profiles : a Dutch method applied to two Finnish industries
Knowledge conversions in knowledge work : a descriptive case study
One more time : how do you motivate employees?
Diaconia barometer 2016 : findings in brief
The performing school : managing, teaching and learning in a performance culture
Mental Well-being at Work : A Sign of a Healthy Organisation and a Necessary Precondition for Organisational Development
Job satisfaction at Kymppi-Eristys Oy
summary: images of work.
Looking good, sounding right? : style counselling in the new economy
Young managers' drive to thrive: A personal work goal approach to burnout and work engagement
The end-user revolution : CD-ROM, Internet and the changing role of the information professional
The relationships between work stressors and organizational performance in long-term care for elderly residents
From managing the phones, coordinating meetings, and preparing presentations to planning events, crafting clear business communications, and deciphering legal documents, administrative assistants need to be everything to everyone, all the time.
I'm good at geography : what job can I get?
Acting social work
The owner-managers of social care companies : the content of work and work-related well-being
The future of work : a guide to a changing society
Automation, work content and work requirements : a study based on international data from car industry, steel industry and power production
Introduction to social work
Theorizing cultural work : labour, continuity and change in the cultural and creative industries
The Digital Renaissance of Work: Delivering Digital Workplaces Fit for the Future takes the reader on a journey into the emerging technology-led revival of work. Paul Miller's follow up to his critically acclaimed The Digital Workplace picks up the story to provide organizations with an understanding of the structural and organizational implications the emerging technology has for the workplace. His insights, backed by the considerable research of the Digital Workplace Forum, offer a lifeline to organizations needing to make better sense of a very uncertain future.
So you want to be an interpreter? : an introduction to sign language interpreting
"In recent years, building a corporate online presence has become nonnegotiable for businesses, as consumers expect to connect with them in as many ways as possible. There are benefits to companies that use online technology, but there are risks as well. Managing Online Risk presents the tools and resources needed to better understand the security and reputational risks of online and digital activity, and how to mitigate those risks to minimize potential losses. Managing Online Risk highlights security and risk management best practices that address concerns such as data collection and storage, liability, recruitment, employee communications, compliance violations, security of devices (in contexts like mobile, apps, and cloud computing), and more. Additionally, this book offers a companion website that was developed in parallel with the book and includes the latest updates and resources for topics covered in the book"--
Administrative assistant's and secretary's handbook
What's next, Gen X? : keeping up, moving ahead, and getting the career you want
The digital renaissance of work : delivering digital workplaces fit for the future
A way of working
The art of teaching music
The degradation of work? : skill, deskilling and the labour process
Becoming a midwife
Job control as a predictor of mental and cardiovascular health : a prospective multicohort study
Information literacy and workplace performance
Modern social work practice : teaching and learning in practice settings
Changes in personal work goals in relation to the psychosocial work environment: A two-year follow-up study
The man on the assembly line
The theacher's ego : when singers become voice teachers
I'm good at history : what job can I get?
Diaconal workers : alongsiders or dumpsters?
Boreout! : overcoming workplace demotivation
Abstract: The change of the dental hygienist's workprofile according to the changes on the public dental healthcare in the East-Finland.
Ms. Moffett's first year : becoming a teacher in America
Type : hot designers make cool fonts
The doorman = Vahtimestari
Mental well-being at work : a sign of a healthy organisation and a necessary precondition for organisational development
The pleasures and sorrows of work
Critical politics of teachers' work : an Australian perspective
Age-related changes of the work ability construct and its relations to cognitive functioning in the older worker : a 16-year follow-up study
Multinational firms and job tasks
And what do you do? : 10 steps to creating a portfolio career
Handbook of education, training, and supervision of school psychologists in school and community. Volume 1, foundations of professional practice
DJ Skills : the essential guide to mixing and scratching
Teacher's work in the Kemi-Tornio polytechnic
Introducing human resource management
Between craft and science : technical work in U.S. settings
What's next, Gen X : keeping up, moving ahead and getting the career you want
New technology @ work
Social work skills : a practice handbook
The seven Cs of consulting : the definitive guide to the consulting process
Motivation as a product of meaninglessness? A tentative theory for health care organizations
The singer's ego :  finding balance between music and life : a guide for singers and those who teach and work with singers
Work and non-work : on work and meaning
The motivation to work
Abstract: Identification of occupational crisis on the basisof stressors, work-related causal explanations and emotions.
Work-life integration : international perspectives on the balancing of multiple roles
European management assistants : Work, challenges and the future
The role of the adult in early years settings
Diaconal workers - alongsiders or dumpsters?
Managing online risk : apps, mobile, and social media security
Animator perspective to animation in advertising
Work in care for the elderly : combining theories of job design, stress, information processing and organizational cultures
Dilbert gives you the business : a Dilbert book
Abstract (1 s.).
The truth about middle managers: who they are, how they work, why they matter
Narrative research : voices of teachers and philosophers
Abstract: The content of addiction nursing in specialized treatment agencies.
Social work skills and knowledge : a practice handbook
European management assistants : work, challenges and the future
Job descriptions for the information profession
