http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18310 turnip rape oil
turnip rape oil
World oilseeds : chemistry, technology, and utilization
Occurrence of Plasmodiophora brassicae in Finnish turnip rape and oilseed rape fields
Rapeseed oil in ruminants diet : its effect on rumen metabolism and animal performance
Clubroot, caused by Plasmodiophora brassicae Woronin, is a serious plant disease of cruciferous plants. A field survey of occurrence of clubroot in oilseed fields was conducted in Finland in 2007−2009 and in 1984−1989. At present, the disease is distributed throughout the oilseed cultivation area. Clubroot was found on average from 30% of fields, but its severity was low; fields with high numbers of infected plants and plants with severe symptoms were rare. According to the survey, cultivation frequency of cruciferous plants is the most important factor affecting clubroot occurrence and severity. Clubroot was found in soils with a wide range of pH-values (pH 5-7.6), but symptoms were most severe at low pH. According to the survey, and greenhouse and field trials, high temperature and moisture during the early growth period seem to favour disease development and can cause significant yield losses. In a survival trial, clubroot declined to close to zero after four years in the absence of host plants, but traces of the pathogen were still detectable after a 19-year trial period, making eradication of the pathogen very difficult.
Impact of use of neonicotinoid insecticides on honey bees in the cultivation on spring oilseed crops in Finland : interim report
Effects of rapeseed oil on serum lipoproteins and plasma fatty acids : comparison of strictly and partially controlled human dietary interventions
TLC method for evaluation of free radical scavenging activity of rapseed meal by video scanning technology
Virallisten lajikekokeiden tulokset 2001-2008 = Results of official variety trials 2001-2008
Dietary fatty acids and hemostasis : effects of n-3 and n-6 fatty acids on platelet function and coagulation in healthy subjects
Rapeseed today and tomorrow : proceedings of the ninth international rapeseed congress, 4 to 7 July 1995, Cambridge, United Kingdom
Plasma and lipoprotein lipid peroxidation in humans on sunflower and rapeseed oil diets
The control of insect pests in oil seed rape : deltamethrin file
The impact of the use of neonicotinoid insecticides on honey bees in the cultivation of spring oilseed crops in Finland in 2013-2015 : final report
Virallisten lajikekokeiden tulokset 1995-2002 = Results of offical variety trials 1995-2002
Seed loss as a result of pod shatter in spring rape and spring turnip rape in Finland : Research Note
Markers of subclinical atherosclerosis in metabolic syndrome and erectile dysfunction : arterial elasticity, oxidized LDL, fibrinogen and resting heart rate
Oilseed rape book : a manual for growers, farmers and advisers
The aims of this study were to determine the phytotoxicity of stored rapeseed (Brassica rapa) oil (RSO) and rapeseed oil methyl ester (RME) after "spill like" contamination on the growth of barley (Hordeum vulgare) and the biodegradability of these substances in OECD 301F test conditions and in ground water. Rapeseed oil and rapeseed oil methyl ester were both stored for a period of time and their fuel characteristics (e.g. acid number) had changed from those set by the fuel standards and are considered to have an effect on its biodegradation. The phytotoxicity was tested using two different types of barley cultivars: "Saana" and "Vilde". The phytotoxic effect on the barley varieties was determined, after the growth season, by measuring the total biomass growth and the mass of 1000 kernels taken from the tests plots. Also visual inspection was used to determine what the effects on the barley growth were. These measurements suggest that both RSO and RME have a negative impact on barley sprouts and therefore the total growth of the barley. RSO and RME both decreased the total amount of harvested phytomass. The weight of 1000 kernels increased with low concentrations of these contaminants and high contamination levels reduced the mass of the kernels. The results of these experiments suggest that the stored rapeseed oil and rapeseed oil methyl ester are both phytotoxic materials and therefore will cause substantial loss of vegetation in the case of a fuel spill. The RSO and RME biodegraded effectively in the measurement period of 28 days under OECD test conditions: the degree of biodegradation being over 60%. The biodegradation in the ground water was much slower: the degree of biodegradation being about 10% after 28 days.
Abstract.
Replacement of dietary fats : effects on serum lipids and plasma fatty acid composition with special emphasis on the metabolism of essential fatty acids
Vegetable oils in food technology : composition, properties and uses
Biocontrol of oilseed rape pests
Rapeseed : chemistry and technology
Lubricity additive from renewable resources for low lubricity diesel fuels
The phytotoxic effects and biodegradability of stored rapeseed oil and rapeseed oil methyl ester
A linkage map of spring turnip rape based on RFLP and RAPD markers
Rapeseed and canola oil : production, processing, properties and uses
DNA markers in genetic analysis of rapeseed (Brassica rapa ssp. oleifera and Brassica napus
Selection for low [alpha]-linolenic acid content in spring turnip rape
10th International Rapseed Congress, 26. - 29. Sept. 1999, Canberra, Australia, abstract book : new horizons for an old crop
Towards enhanced value of cruciferous oilseed crops by optimal production and use of the high quality seed components : proceedings of the 11th international rapeseed congress, Copenhagen, Denmark, 6.-10. July 2003
Markers of subclinical atherosclerosis in metabolic syndrome and erectile dysfunction arterial elasticity, oxidized LDL, fibrinogen and resting heart rate
Abstracts of the 11th international rapeseed congress, Copenhagen, Denmark, 6.-10. July 2003 : Towards enhanced value of cruciferous oilseed crops by optimal production and use of the high quality seed components
