http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18311 Swedish spoken in Sweden
Swedish spoken in Sweden
In the process of nation-building border regions have been integrated with the national centres and cross-border connections have decreased, leaving these regions in a rather peripheral and marginal position. Such state-centric, differential development has been challenged in many border regions, particularly in the area of the European Union, and there has been a shift towards cross-border partnership and cooperation, manifested in common tourism development strategies and the building of cross-border destinations. This paper examines the regional and institutional framework for cross-border cooperation, networking and tourism development at the Finnish-Swedish border, which is one of the internal borders of the European Union. The conclusion of the paper is that the relational distance created by the border and the dependence of cross-border tourism development on programme funding causes hindrances, particularly when viewed from the perspective of sustainable development of the tourism industry in this northern region.
Effects of soil scarification and previous N fertilisation on pools of inorganic N in soil after clear-felling of a Pinus sylvestris (L.) stand
This book tackles a number of controversial questions regarding Sweden's economic and political development: How did Sweden become rich? How did Sweden become egalitarian? Why has Sweden since the early 1990s grown faster than the US and most EU-countries despite its high taxes and generous welfare state? The author uses new research on institutions and economic reforms to explain the rise, the fall and the recent revival of the Swedish welfare state. The central argument is that a generous welfare state Sweden's can work well, provided that it is built on well functioning capitalist institutions and economic openess.
"Today the United Nations is more important than ever before" really? : analysis of the Finnish and Swedish communication styles in the General Debate of the United Nations General Assembly 1990-1999
Auditory-visual matching in learning disabilities : intervention studies from Finland and Sweden
"The fall and restoration of Elin Tönnesdotter" : land, noble property strategies and the law in early seventeenth-century Sweden
Culture and kultur - what is the difference, or is there any? : a comparative analysis of cultural content in English and Swedish textbook series for upper secondary school
This study estimated the possibilities of reducing costs and improving input use in a sample of Swedish farms specialising in beef production. Input use efficiency was measured in a multi-output, multi-input function distance function analysis, covering the period 2008-2011. For comparison, both the classical radial and the generalised non-parametric approach were used. The results revealed that on average, costs could be decreased by 20%. Both models constructed frontiers where: i) the rankings of farms according to efficiency were positively and highly correlated and ii) the size and the significance of the parameter estimates were similar. Input-saving technologies were found to be positively influenced by livestock density, pasture availability and the use of coupled income support. Larger farms, farms with higher specialisation in beef cattle, farms with a larger number of animals older than 2 years, farms converting to organic production, farms located in less favoured areas and farms located in regions with a shorter grazing period were found be less efficient.
Hungarians in Finland and Sweden: Comparison of Some Sociocultural and Demographic Factors on Language Choice, Culture and Identity
Selfish and prospective : theory and evidence of pocketbook voting
On the road : social aspects of commuting long distances to work
Socio-technical risk governance through dyadic risk dialogue : copper corrosion as a safety challenge in the geological disposal of spent nuclear fuel
Abstract.
We present and test a theory of prospective and retrospective pocketbook voting. Focusing on two large reforms in Sweden, we establish a causal chain from policies to sizeable individual gains and losses and then to voting. The Social Democrats proposed budget cuts affecting parents with young children before the 1994 election, but made generous promises to the same group before the 1998 election. Since parents with older children were largely unaffected we use a differenceindifferences strategy for identification. We find clear evidence of prospective pocketbook voting. Voters respond to campaign promises but not to the later implementation of the reforms.
Epidemiological characterisation of Bordatella pertussis in Sweden, 1970-2004
The summer book
Swedish forest policy since 1990 : reforms and consequences
A winter book : selected stories
Traditional ecological knowledge among reindeer herders in northern Sweden
Platybunus pinetorum (Arachnida, Opiliones) new to Sweden
Detective Inspector Huss
Glaciers and climate in northern Sweden during the 19th and 20th century
Mass loss of epiphytic lichen litter in a boreal forest
The multicultural moment
In 2013 and 2015 several specimens of the opilionid Platybunus pinetorum (C.L. Koch, 1839) were found in Sweden in two different places almost 500 kilometers from each other. The species was not previously known in the country. The discovery initiated a survey of specimens reported as Rilaena triangularis (Herbst, 1799) on two Swedish web pages, in search for misidentified P. pinetorum. A further three specimens of the new species were found, indicating that it is already rather widespread in southern Sweden.
Stump wood is a possible alternative to fossil fuel. Its harvesting, however, disturbs the ground and this has not yet been quantified at stump level. Such disturbance is likely to be dependent on stump size, type of soil and timing of stump harvesting. Therefore, we measured ground disturbance and root breakage diameter at two Norway spruce sites with sandy glacial till soil. The sites were harvested with a fork type head, 6 and 18 months after clear cutting. Measurements were made within 2 weeks of harvest. No difference was found between the two sites. The mean area of disturbed ground was 6.06 (std 3.14) m2 per stump and increased exponentially with stump size. A regression function modelling the relationship was constructed. Unexpectedly, many fine roots where extracted in the harvest. The arithmetic and basal area weighted mean root breakage diameter was 4.6 (std 2.2) and 29.5 (std 17.9) mm, respectively. There seems to be a limited increase in root breakage diameter with increased stump size. The small root breakage diameter is associated with reduced fuel quality and greater nutrient removal. It appears that much of the ground disturbance is associated with the creation of ruts rather than stump harvest per se. Stump harvesting disturbs a larger percentage of the area of a harvested site than mounding. Postponing stump harvest by one year did not decrease the ground disturbance or increase the root breakage diameter. To achieve less disturbance and larger root breakage diameter, probably new stump harvesting technology is required.
"Hey what's up dude!" : greetings in email messages in L2 English and L2 Swedish
Site index curves for European aspen ( Populus tremula L.) growing on forest land of different soils in Sweden
Young urban Swedish : variation and change in multilingual settings
Appropriate classification of three Swedish soils for agrarian and environmental management
Over the past 30 years the relative incomes and employment rates of immigrants have sunk, while immigrants unemployment rates rose. The overrepresentation in the welfare transfer system and an increasing housing segregation cause concern and is much debated. The general opinion is that immigrants are less integrated into the Swedish society today than in former times. The aim of this literature review is to if this is true. The working hypothesis is that immigrants were integrated during the period 1945-1975. A set of nine variables are discussed to examine whether the immigrants 1945-1975 were integrated. Although explorative by its character, the results indicate that immigrants were not as integrated in former times as commonly believed. Contrary to common belief significant improvements in integration has, in some areas, actually been achieved! The integration of immigrants has not changed from good to bad, but rather from bad to worse. .
Words, phrases and sentences : a comparison of writing activities and tasks in textbook series of English and Swedish for grades 7 to 9
Controlling the Swedish state : studies on formal and informal bodies of control
Studies in Swedish Sign Language : Reference, Real Space Blending, and Interpretation
Cross-border collaboration in the North. Viewpoints of municipal representatives and firm managers on the Bothnian Arc project
Environmental policy integration in practice : shaping institutions for learning
Where have all the swearwords gone? : An analysis of the loss of swearwords in two Swedish translations of J. D. Salinger's Catcher in the Rye
The circle
Frommer's Scandinavia
Swedish market entry strategy utilizing Internet marketing : the utilization of Internet marketing in a cost effective and efficient way to market a virtual world onto the Swedish market
Yhteenveto. - Abstract.
Effect of stump size and timing of stump harvesting on ground disturbance and root breakage diameter
The value of cultural institutions : measurement and description
A value co-creation perspective on Customer-Based Brand Equity model for tourism destinations : a case from Sweden
Art in nature
In this note, we present relative risks of giving birth for mothers with different numbers of children. We use Swedish register data and study the propensity to continue the childbearing beyond child number two. We pay special attention to births of those higher orders that are studied only rarely in conventional demographic analyses. As the parity increases to higher numbers, we expect to ? nd some kind of selection so that the group of mothers increasingly consists of very birth prone women. For births after a fourth child, we indeed ? nd such an effect in that the relative risk of giving birth to an additional child then increases with the birth order. In our intensity-regression models, we also check whether this selection effect of increasing birth risks can be picked up by the inclusion of a speci? c factor for unobserved heterogeneity in the mothers propensity to give birth. We ? nd that the positive gradient in the propensity to give birth indeed disappears when such a factor is included into our model.  .
"How we address one another - whether we use first names, or titles and surnames, for example - says a great deal about who we are, our social relationships and which groups in society we belong to. This edited volume examines address choices in a range of everyday interactions - from radio interviews and service encounters to commercials and internet forums - taking place in Dutch, Finnish, Flemish, French, German, Italian and the two national varieties of Swedish, Finland Swedish and Sweden Swedish. By comparing local, national and cross-border address practices, this volume uncovers both commonalities and differences in the way social meaning is expressed and shaped through address. The chapters also highlight the importance of investigating the daily encounters that make up the social fabric of our lives. This book will be of great interest to researchers of intercultural and cross-cultural communication, interactional sociolinguistics, discourse analysis, conversation analysis and pragmatics"--
Representation, nation and time : the political rhetoric of the 1866 parliamentary reform in Sweden
Abstract: "Patriotism" as a political concept in Sweden in the 1860s.
This article provides an overview of some sociocultural and demographic factors of language maintenance and shift among Hungarians in Finland and Sweden, predominately at the group level. Some of the factors described are: the historical background of Hungarian immigration, settlement patterns, demographic development, geographical areas, participation in Hungarian associations along with the attitudes of the majority group towards Hungarians and the Hungarian language. After this some data is presented about language choice, culture and identity of second-generation Hungarians. The article shows that Hungarians are not a single unified group in Sweden or Finland and both groups face factors that can support or hinder the preservation of the Hungarian language and culture. Swedish-Hungarians have a greater ability to preserve their Hungarianism as a group due to population size and concentration in certain areas, while Finnish-Hungarians can maintain their Hungarian identity due to their comparably high status in society and the positive attitudes of the Finnish majority.  .
No abstract
Swedish IP cases from 2014 - an overview
Influence of thinning on spiral grain in Norway spruce grown on highly productive sites in southern Sweden
The girl with the dragon tattoo and philosophy : everything is fire
An inquiry into satisfaction and variations in user-oriented elderly care
Today greater responsibilities are being put on regions to shape their own future. Thus, different kinds of regional collaboration arenas have emerged and an increasing number of regional collaboration projects are now crossing both county and nation borders. The object of interest in this study is the Bothnian Arc project. This project involves municipalities on the Swedish and the Finnish side of the Gulf of Bothnia. The aim has been to analyse opinions and experiences of Swedish actors regarding the Bothnian Arc as a region-strengthening project. The article is based on interviews with fourteen municipality representatives and a questionnaire answered by approximately 300 firm managers within the Bothnian Arc area.The Bothnian Arc is essentially a political project and this study shows that the policy creating institutions have not succeeded in transferring ideas and objectives to firms within the area. In fact, only 30 per cent of the firm managers were familiar with the project. More concrete projects adapted to firm interests were required by a few of the municipality representatives. Moreover, the municipalities closest to the Finnish border are more active and involved both on municipal and firm level. This tendency is primarily due to already existing traditions of collaboration with Finnish actors.
Instructional work in textile craft : studies of interaction, embodiment and the making of objects
The torso
Sweden and the revival of the capitalist welfare state
The consequences of the crisis of the 1990s to the Nordic welfare state : Finland and Sweden
The significance of environmental responsibility on airline customers' intention to purchase
Cultural dynamics and minority identity in music : an ethnomusicological case study of the Swedish-Finnish popular music in the dancehalls of Gothenburg. (1)
Market analysis on Swedish software markets for infoBoard Europe GmBH
Nordic majority churches as agents in the welfare state : critical voices and/or complementary providers?
Input saving possibilities and practices contributing to more efficient beef production in Sweden
Changes in place of death in Sweden 2004-2011 : a study of urban elderly receiving public eldercare services
Contemporary population changes in north Swedish rural areas
Integration of Immigrants in Sweden 1945-1975
Individuals' interest in preventing everyday accidents and crises : a Swedish explorative study of the importance of motivation
The chemistry of the Vasa : iron, acids and degradation
Error error lataa patteri : from language alternation to global multilingual repertoires in Finnish youth radio programs in Finland and Sweden
Orgnisational communication in a multinational corporation : a case study of communication between a Finnish headquarters and its Swedish subsidiary
Adoption of value-adding processes in Swedish sawmills
Selling to Sweden Case: SW-Development Ltd.
Effects of frequency of fertilisation on production, foliar chemistry and nutrient leaching in young Norway spruce stands in Sweden
Nordic partners of NATO : how similar are Finland and Sweden within NATO cooperation?
NGOs and the implementation of active labour market policies : the case of Finland and Sweden
Abstract. - Sammanfattning.
Summary.
Abstract: "Parlamentarism" as the incarnation of "partiality".
The role of the learner and the way language is portrayed in the exercises of English and Swedish textbooks for adults
Representations of Finnishness in Sweden
Estimation in a duration model for evaluating educational programs
Stream plant chemistry as indicator of acid sulphate soils in Sweden
Climate impacts of peat fuel utilization chains : a critical review of the Finnish and Swedish life cycle assessments
The article compares the role in welfare provision of the majority churches in Finland, Norway and Sweden. The Nordic welfare state model implies a large public sector and a correspondingly small contribution to welfare provision by the voluntary sector, of which church-based welfare activities, as defined in the article, are part. The data used in the article are derived from a European project, 'Welfare and religion in a European perspective', concerning the role of European majority churches as agents of welfare provision. The findings show many similarities between the Nordic cases, but also some differences. In all cases it is clear that both the church and the public authorities take the Nordic welfare state model more or less for granted. The Swedish and Norwegian cases, unlike the Finnish one, show that the public authorities at the municipal level are fairly unfamiliar with local church-based welfare activities. The article raises topical questions as to the role of the Nordic churches in social policy and as moral authorities in contemporary society.Keywords: Welfare, Church, Finland, Norway, Sweden.
During the 1990s most municipalities and rural areas in northern Sweden have experienced renewed depopulation. At the same time, many regional centres (mainly university cities), but also some rural areas, have shown significant population growth. This article focuses on the latter rural areas and describes their geographical location and the socio-demographic characteristics of their populations. Three types of rural areas with population growth have been identified. Firstly, there are the rural areas within daily commuting distance from regional centres. Secondly, there is a group of rural areas that has benefited from the tourist industry. Most of these tourist resorts are mountain villages close to the border with Norway. Finally, there are also a few rural areas characterised by attractive residential environments and leisure housing.
Apokoinou in swedish talk-in-interaction : a family of methods for grammatical construction and the resolving of local communicative projects
Simultaneous measurements of gaseous emissions, particulates and noise from individual vehicles in traffic
This explorative study presents an empirical examination of the connection between motivation and the measures individuals take to prevent everyday accidents and prepare for crises. Positional factors (age and gender) and situational factors (education, size of locality, and household composition) are included because the literature highlights their importance. The study used data gathered in a 2010/2011 poll of randomly selected Swedish residents aged 16-75 (N = 2000; 44.8% response rate). A factor analysis reduced the theoretical model for situational motivation (Guay, Vallerand, & Blanchard, 2000) from four to two dimensions: motivation and amotivation. Subsequent regression analyses statistically confirmed the connection between motivation or amotivation and the extent to which individuals pursue preventative and preparedness measures, even when accounting for positional and situational factors. These findings underscore the need for continued studies of individuals' incentives to prevent accidents and prepare for crises and for the study of the nuances of (situational) motivation and preventive/preparedness measures.
Contemporary self-portraits. Children make their mark
The Swedish model reassessed : affluence despite the welfare state
The duality of tactical thought : a study of how Swedish land forces' commanders view tactics in irregular warfare
Resources and barriers in tourism development: cross-border cooperation, regionalization and destination building at the Finnish-Swedish border
Involved parenthood : everyday lives of Swedish middle-class families
Knowledge about the impact of climate change on the forest-related employment is important for making relevant policy decisions in areas where forestry is economically important. This paper contrasts two different areas in Sweden and Finland in terms of population structure, employment structure and forest-based economy. The paper discusses the future possible outcomes of climate change in terms of forest-related employment. The geographical level of analysis is the county of Norrbotten in Sweden, and the county of Lappi in Finland. These are sparsely populated peripheral areas with ageing populations. There has been a decline or stagnation in the economic and social conditions and the survival of many rural communities, in particular those inland, is seriously threatened. In the context of climate change the issue of how the forest growth will change and how well the different areas will adapt to these changes are addressed.
Forest-related employment in the European North: current trends and future development
Stubborn Swedes : the persistence of the Swedish corporate governance system under international reform
A folk divided : homeland Swedes and Swedish Americans, 1840-1940
Abstract. - Swedish summary.
Forest policy, continuous tree cover forest and uneven-aged forest management in Sweden's boreal forest
Law and information technology : Swedish views : an anthology produced by the IT Law Observatory of the Swedish ICT Commission
Address practice as social action : European perspectives
Swedish Finns in the world today
Learning and using English and Swedish beyond the classroom : activity systems of six upper secondary school students
Our people : a tight-knit family under the same protective roof : a critical study of gendered conceptual metaphors at work in radical right populism
The invisible opponent : a study about feelings of national belonging, Finnishness and immigration of second generation Finns in Sweden
Nationalising culture : the reorganisation of national culture in Swedish cultural policy 1970-2002
A stranger in my homeland : the politics of belonging among young people with Kurdish backgrounds in Sweden
Selectivity in Higher-Order Childbearing in Sweden
Immigration from nothern Finland and Sweden to northern Norway in the 19th century
Equity and excellence : evidence for policy formulation to reduce the difference in PISA performance between Swedish speaking and Finnish speaking students in Finland
