http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18350 hegemony
hegemony
The racket : a rogue reporter vs the masters of the universe
Hegemony or survival : America's quest for global dominance
The American ascendancy : how the United States gained and wielded global dominance
The agony of power
The future
Prospects for the American age : sovereignty and influence in the new world order
American power and the prospects for international order
Flashback
Iron curtain : the crushing of Eastern Europe, 1945-1956
Dependent America? : how Canada and Mexico construct US power
Institutionalisation of the Lesser Peace : supranationalism and the EU in the World's Systemic Transition
Building hegemonic order Russia's way : order, stability, and predictability in the post-Soviet space
America unrivaled : the future of the balance of power
Unruly subjects
Hegemony : a realist analysis
America : the new imperialism : from white settlement to world hegemony
The end of the American era : U.S. foreign policy and the geopolitics of the twenty-first century
How the workers became muslims : immigration, culture, and hegemonic transformation in Europe
Living with a reluctant hegemon : explaining European responses to US unilateralism
Impasse in Bolivia : neoliberal hegemony and popular resistance
Fighting against uncertainty : the fundamental shift in the global security agenda from bipolarity to multilateralism in the post Cold War era
The changing patterns of hegemony and security in West Africa : the case of Ghana and Nigeria
The rhetorical foundations of society
Hegemony in international society
The clash of civilizations and the remaking of world order
Role theory in international relations : approaches and analyses
Hegemony & history
The struggle for order : hegemony, hierarchy, and transition in post-Cold War East Asia
Democratizing the hegemonic state : political transformation in the age of identity
Axis of convenience : Moscow, Beijing, and the new geopolitics
America, the new imperialism : from white settlement to world hegemony
American power and dissent in the UN General Assembly : The growth of US minority voting against resolutions in 1995-2006
Making majorities : constituting the nation in Japan, Korea, China, Malaysia, Fiji, Turkey, and the United States
Because we say so
Hyperion
Power and resistance in the new world order
Voting for autocracy : hegemonic party survival and its demise in Mexico
Outlaw culture : resisting representations
Writing in the beginning of the 1980s, Ernesto Laclau and Chantal Mouffe explored possibilities for a new socialist strategy to capitalize on the period's fragmented political and social conditions. Two and a half decades later, Ferruh Yilmaz acknowledges that the populist far right—not the socialist movement—has demonstrated greater facility in adopting successful hegemonic strategies along the structural lines Laclau and Mouffe imagined. Right wing hegemonic strategy, Yilmaz argues, has led to the reconfiguration of internal fault lines in European societies. Yilmaz's primary case study is Danish immigration discourse, but his argument contextualizes his study in terms of questions of current concern across Europe, where right wing groups that were long on the fringes of “legitimate” politics have managed to make significant gains with populations typically aligned with the Left. Specifically, Yilmaz argues that socio-political space has been transformed in the last three decades such that group classification has been destabilized to emphasize cultural rather than economic attributes. According to this point-of-view, traditional European social and political cleavages are jettisoned for new “cultural” alliances pulling the political spectrum to the right, against the corrosive presence of Muslim immigrants, whose own social and political variety is flattened into an illusion of alien sameness.
Obama and the empire
Parliamentary sovereignty in the UK constitution ; Process, Politics and Democracy
From traditional to group hegemony : the G7, the liberal economic order and the core-periphery gap
War, peace and hegemony in a globalized world : the changing balance of power in the 21st century
United States hegemony and the structural power of finance
Power and control : perspectives on integration and multiculturalism in Europe
Warp and weave : the evolution of the capitalist state under globalisation
Colossus : the price of America's empire
What we say goes : conversations on U.S. power in a changing world : interviews with David Barsamian
Contesting hegemony of knowledge goods : the piracy movement
Paradise and power : America and Europe in the new world order
Contingency, hegemony, universality : contemporary dialogues on the left
Discourse theory and political analysis : identities, hegemonies, and social change
Hegemony and socialist strategy : towards a radical democratic politics
Imperial ambitions : conversations with Noam Chomsky on the post-9/11 world
Development in an era of neoliberal globalization
Globalisation, democracy and terrorism
Iron Curtain : the crushing of Eastern Europe 1944-56
Hegemony and democracy
"Are there recurring historical dynamics and patterns that can help us understand today's power transitions and struggles over international order? What can we learn from the past? Are the cycles of rise and decline of power and international order set to continue? Robert Gilpin's classic work, War and Change in World Politics offers a sweeping and influential account of the rise and decline of leading states and the international orders they create. Now, some thirty years on, this volume brings together an outstanding collection of scholars to reflect on Gilpin's grand themes of power and change in world politics. The chapters engage with theoretical ideas that shape the way we think about great powers, with the latest literature on the changing US position in the global system, and with the challenges to the existing order that are being generated by China and other rising non-Western states"--
Media, religion, and politics in Pakistan
The new imperialism
Unravelling Gramsci : hegemony and passive revolution in the global political economy
How the west came to rule : the geopolitical origins of capitalism
Communication, culture and hegemony : from the media to mediations
America's inadvertent empire
Social power in international politics
Public diplomacy and soft power in East Asia
Organizational creativity : hegemonic and alternative discourses
Liberal leviathan : the origins, crisis, and transformation of the American world order
Asia-Pacific geopolitics : hegemony vs. human security
Asian regionalism and Japan : the politics of membership in regional diplomatic, financial, and trade groups
Hegemony and power : consensus and coercion in contemporary politics
Civilization : the West and the rest
The essential Chomsky
The choice : global domination or global leadership
The UNCLOS and the US-China hegemonic competition over the South China Sea
Globalization, hegemony and the future of the City of London
Living in the shadow of the cross : understanding and resisting the power and privilege of Christian hegemony
Imbalance of power : US hegemony and international order
The new imperialists : ideologies of empire
The global politics of globalization : "empire" vs "cosmopolis"
Climbing for equality: overcoming social inequality through sport : a narrative inquiry into the sport lives of five visually disabled climbers in Mexico City
Abstract: "Big, strong, brave, - all kinds of stuff" : masculinities, power hierarchies, and violence in school.
Japan and China as charm rivals : soft power in regional diplomacy
Finnish summary.
Power, order, and change in world politics
”Big, strong, brave, - all kinds of stuff”. Masculinities, power hierarchies, and violence in school.
An empire if you can keep it : power and principle in American foreign policy
Cultural hegemony in the United States
Is there hope for Uncle Sam? : beyond the American bubble
Degrees of mimicry : mimicry in colonial identity formation in V.S. Naipaul's A house for Mr Biswas and The mimic men
The Asian Games : modern metaphor for 'The Middle Kingdom' reborn : political statement, cultural assertion, social symbol
Power, the state, and sovereignty : essays on international relations
American power and world order
Hegemonic academic practices : experiences of publishing from the periphery
The dimensions of hegemony : language, culture and politics in revolutionary Russia
Empires : the logic of world domination from ancient Rome to the United States
Gramsci and educational thought
Abstract.
Hegemony and heteronormativity : revisiting 'the political' in queer politics
The central proposition of this book is that the United States of America is the dominant pole in the new world order, and that the world is still living in an American Age, which in the author's opinion will likely endure for a long time to come (at least five decades). There are indications to support this proposition, in particular the fact that the power structure in the unipolar world order tilts clearly in favor of the United States of America and its power and influence in the military, economic, cultural, educational, energy and transport fields. For example, the US defense budget exceeds the total combined defense budgets of the six next largest defense spenders.
Representation of Islamic Defender Front (FPI) in Media Indonesia in September-October 2002
Civilization : the six killer apps of Western power
Perspectives on Gramsci : politics, culture and social theory
At the Roots of Finnish Cultural Policy: Intellectuals, Nationalism, and the Arts
Moving beyond the unipolar moment? : trends challenging the hegemonic world order
Makes a sharp distinction between primacy, denoting merely a form of material power, and hegemony, understood as a legitimate practice, and as giving rise to a form of social power. Adopting an English School approach, suggests hegemony be considered as one potential institution of international society, and hence as one possible mechanism of international order. Reviews some relevant historical cases (the Concert of Europe, Pax Britannica, and Pax Americana) and argues that, instead of one model of hegemony, these represent several different variants: importantly, each displays its own distinctive legitimacy dynamics which can help us identify the possible institutional forms of hegemony in contemporary international society. This is done through three cases, examining in turn US policy on the UN Security Council, in East Asia, and on climate change. The overall argument challenges the limited post-Cold War debate about primacy, and the equally simplistic projections about the future distribution of power to which it gives rise, offering a major rethinking of the concept of hegemony in international relations.
A political theory of dissent : dissent at the core of radical democracy
Western supremacy : triumph of an idea?
Italy and the West : comparative issues in romanization
Kamala Markandaya's literature of concern : representations of colonialism in The nowhere man and The golden honeycomb
Liberal world orders
Football politicized : CSKA Sofia as a tool for ideological hegemony in Socialist Bulgaria
Gramsci, historical materialism and international relations
Merantau : the Moluccan memory machine?
Over the centuries, Christianity has accomplished much which is deserving of praise. Its institutions have fed the hungry, sheltered the homeless, and advocated for the poor. Christian faith has sustained people through crisis and inspired many to work for social justice. Yet although the word "Christian" connotes the epitome of goodness, the actual story is much more complex. Over the last two millennia, ruling elites have used Christian institutions and values to control those less privileged throughout the world. The doctrine of Christianity has been interpreted to justify the killing of millions, and its leaders have used their faith to sanction participation in colonialism, slavery, and genocide. In the Western world, Christian influence has inspired legislators to continue to limit women's reproductive rights and has kept lesbians and gays on the margins of society. As our triple crises of war, financial meltdown, and environmental destruction intensify, it is imperative that we dig beneath the surface of Christianity's benign reputation to examine its contribution to our social problems. Living in the Shadow of the Cross reveals the ongoing, everyday impact of Christian power and privilege on our beliefs, behaviors, and public policy, and emphasizes the potential for people to come together to resist domination and build and sustain communities of justice and peace. Paul Kivel is the award-winning author of Uprooting Racism and the director of the Christian Hegemony Project. He is a social justice activist and educator who has focused on the issues of violence prevention, oppression, and social justice for over forty-five years. (Bookdata)
Charting transnational democracy : beyond global arrogance
"The essays collected in this volume develop the theoretical perspective initiated in Laclau and Mouffe's classic "Hegemony and Socialist Strategy", taking it in three principal directions. First, this book explores the specificity of social antagonisms and answers the question "What is an antagonistic relation?"--an issue which has become increasingly crucial in our globalized world, where the proliferation of conflicts and points of rupture is eroding their links to the social subjects postulated by classical social analysis. This leads Laclau to a second line of questioning: What is the ontological terrain that allows us to understand the nature of social relations in our heterogeneous world?" This is a task he addresses with theoretical instruments drawn from analytical philosophy and from the phenomenological and structuralist traditions. Finally, central to the argument of the book is the basic role attributed to rhetorical tropes--metaphor, metonymy, catachresis--in shaping the "non-foundational" grounds of society"--
