http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18327 human dignity
human dignity
Dignity in healthcare : a practical approach for nurses and midwives
Human dignity, human rights, and responsibility : the new language of global bioethics and biolaw
This Routledge Revival reissues Oliver Letwin's philosophical treatise: "Ethics, Emotion and the Unity of the Self", first published in 1987, which concerns the applicability of the artistic classifications of romanticism and classicism to philosophical doctrine.
The ethics of memory
Human dignity : social autonomy and the critique of capitalism
Human dignity and bioethics
Improving performance of construction projects in the UAE : multi cultural and decent work perspectives
The principle of equal treatment in EC law
The Cambridge handbook of human dignity : interdisciplinary perspectives
"The concepts of humanity, human dignity and mankind have emerged in different contexts across international law and biolaw. This raises many different questions. What are the aims for which 'humanity' is mobilised? How do these aims affect the ensuing interpretations of this concept? What are the negative counterparts of humanity, mankind and human dignity? And what happens if a concept developed in one particular context is taken up in another? By bringing together research from international law, biolaw and legal theory, this volume answers such questions by analysing how the concepts overlap and contradict each other across the disciplines. The result is not an examination of what humanity is but rather what it does and what it brings about in a variety of contexts"--
Understanding human dignity
The other's war : recognition and the violence of ethics
Dignity, rank, and rights
Dementia reconsidered : the person comes first
Making enemies : humiliation and international conflict
Dimensions of dignity : the moral importance of being human
Human cloning
Cognitive disability and its challenge to moral philosophy
Make Way For The Superhumans
Picturing Bushmen : the Denver African Expedition of 1925
Writings from deaf liberation : a selection of NUD papers 1976-1986
Human rights of women : a collection of international and regional normative instruments
Contributed articles presented at a seminar.
Respect, pluralism, and justice : Kantian perspectives
Dimensions of dignity at work
Education, equality and human rights : issues of gender, 'race', sexuality, special needs and social class
A right to die? : The Dax Cowart case
The value of life : papers presented at a workshop at the Royal Academy of Letters, History and Antiquities April 17-18, 1997
"This introduction to human dignity explores the history of the notion from antiquity to the nineteenth century, and the way in which dignity is conceptualised in non-Western contexts. Building on this, it addresses a range of systematic conceptualisations, considers the theoretical and legal conditions for human dignity as a useful notion and analyses a number of philosophical and conceptual approaches to dignity. Finally, the book introduces current debates, paying particular attention to the legal implementation, human rights, justice and conflicts, medicine and bioethics, and provides an explicit systematic framework for discussing human dignity. Adopting a wide range of perspectives and taking into account numerous cultures and contexts, this handbook is a valuable resource for students, scholars and professionals working in philosophy, law, history and theology"--
Neither beast nor God : the dignity of the human person
Human dignity as a foundation of law : proceedings of the special workshop held at the 24th World Congress of the International Association for Philosophy of Law and social Philosophy in Beijing, 2009
The sacredness of the person : a new genealogy of human rights
Waiting for Godot in Sarajevo : theological reflections on nihilism, tragedy and apocalypse
Abstract: Emotional support received by an aged rehabilitation patient during hospital care.
Belief or nonbelief ? : a confrontation
Ethics of in-visibility : Imago Dei, memory, and human dignity in Jewish and Christian thought
Human dignity and welfare systems
Human dignity in bioethics and law
Humanity across international law and biolaw
The tyranny of resolution : 1. Corinthians 7:17-24
Make way for the superhumans : How the science of bio enhancement is transforming our world, and how we need to deal with it
The focus of this book is upon consciously and proactively serving those in need, be they of any colour, creed or religion. Islam admonishes those who fail to see and address the needs of the poor, weak, elderly, oppressed, orphans, widows, refugees, travelers and prisoners. All possible means of serving humanity have been highlighted by citing the example of the Holy Prophet Muhammad and that of pious members of the Muslim community; thereby directing the attention of modern-day Muslims to this crucial and forgotten asset of Islam.
The decent society
Negative aspects of the information society were first noticed in early 90's, with the dawning of the Internet era. The article gives an overview of European initiatives undertaken and European courts' judgments delivered over the last two decades, contrasting them with eminent U.S. Supreme Court decisions. According to the author, predominance of soft law, case law and self-regulation does not in itself impede protection, given that all stakeholders act with the intention to effectively monitor and eradicate threats..
The age of dignity : human rights and constitutionalism in Europe
Human Dignity and the Foundations of International Law
Responsibility and commitment : eighteen essays in honor of Gerhold K. Becker
Valuing older people : a humanist approach to ageing
Community interpreting : the essence, the value, the future : 11th Annual EFSLI AGM & Conference 2003, 3-5 October 2003, Brighton, England : AGM/Conference proceedings
God, Locke, and equality : Christian foundations of John Locke's political thought
Resisting indignity : a feminist disability theology
EU annual report on human rights 2008
But in this twilight our choices seal our fate : the interplay of autonomy and dignity in defining the international legal response to the beginning of life
Dignity in adversity : human rights in troubled times
Following popular demand, the National Union for the Deaf's seminal 1992 publication has been reprinted by the British Deaf History Society (BDHS). This 310 page book contains all the 30 papers that were in the original publication, plus two more papers that were not previously included.
Economic lives : how culture shapes the economy
Kant on human dignity
Human rights : an introduction
The hyphenated phrase 'in-visibility' indicates that the visible and the invisible are inseparable and yet in tension with each other. If originating from acts of (in)visibilization, both the visible and the invisible are ethically imbued. Whether we see or overlook each other, respect or dismiss another's dignity, remember or forget a history of crimes against humanity, our (over)sight has an impact on our interaction. What, then, is implied in seeing the human being as created in the image of an invisible God, as imago Dei? Which (re)sources in Judaism and Christianity can counter idolatry in the sense of cognitive captivity and experiences of abandonment after the Shoah? In addressing such questions, this book outlines an ethics of in-visibility in an interdisciplinary dialogue between philosophy and theology, cultural history, art and media theory, sociology, literary and gender studies. Contributors: Christina von Braun, Iben Damgaard, Daniel Dayan, Arne Grøn, Hannes Langbein, Paul Mendes-Flohr, Melissa Raphael, N. Verbin, Alana M. Vincent, Claudia Welz, Christian Wiese, Elliot R. Wolfson.
Robert Ludlum's The Hades factor : a covert-one novel
Stories of dignity within healthcare: research, narratives and theories
Climate matters : ethics in a warming world
Rights and persons
Where needs meet rights : economic, social and cultural rights in a new perspective
Who count as persons? : human identity and the ethics of killing
Human dignity in the learning environment : testing a sociological paradigm for a diversity-positive milieu with school starters
Dignity : its history and meaning
The harm in hate speech
What it means to be human : reflections from 1791 to the present
Kouvola 1996 & Joensuu 1999 : the fifth and sixth theological discussions between the Evangelical Lutheran Church of Finland and the Orthodox Church of Finland
Resisting the Intolerable : guided by a Human Rights Compass
Bioethical prescriptions : to create, end, choose, and improve lives
The value of humanity in Kant's moral theory
Human dignity : a study in medical ethics
Humiliation : claims and context
Belief or nonbelief? : a confrontation
The discourse of human dignity
Sinappi, St. Petersburg and Siikaniemi : the 13th, 14th and 15th theological discussions between the Evangelical Lutheran Church of Finland and the Russian Orthodox Church
Human rights and human dignity
Values and welfare state attitudes : the interplay between human values, attitudes and redistributive institutions across national contexts
Creation ethics : reproduction, genetics, and quality of life
Is human life special? : religious and philosophical perspectives on the principle of human dignity
Convivial life together : Bible studies on vocation, dignity and justice
The Spiritual Dimension offers a new model for the philosophy of religion, bringing together emotional and intellectual aspects of our human experience, and embracing practical as well as theoretical concerns. It shows how a religious worldview is best understood not as an isolated set of doctrines, but as intimately related to spiritual praxis and to the search for self-understanding and moral growth. It argues that the religious quest requires a certain emotional openness, but can be pursued without sacrificing our philosophical integrity. Touching on many important debates in contemporary philosophy and theology, but accessible to general readers, The Spiritual Dimension covers a range of central topics in the philosophy of religion, including scientific cosmology and the problem of evil; ethical theory and the objectivity of goodness; psychoanalytic thought, self-discovery and virtue; the multi-layered nature of religious discourse; and the relation between faith and evidence.
"Human Dignity was established in 1948 as the foundational concept of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights (UDHR). The Preamble to the Declaration opens with the statement: 'Whereas recognition of the inherent dignity and of the equal and inalienable rights of all members of the human family is the foundation of freedom, justice and peace in the world....' In Article 1, we read: 'All human beings are born free and equal in dignity and rights. They are endowed with reason and conscience and should act towards one another in a spirit of brotherhood.' And, in 1966, the United Nations declared: 'These [human] rights derive from the inherent dignity of the human person' . During the preparation of the Declaration (1946-1948) , there were discussions about whether there was a need for such a foundational concept and, if so, which notion that should be Choosing human dignity immediately after the war was a statement against the Shoah, against totalitarianism, and against the atrocities of World War II. However, by choosing Human Dignity, a concept was selected that has an impressive history in various traditions. The stoic philosopher Cicero saw it as a central requirement of a virtuous life that one should behave in a way that is appropriate to the dignity of a human being; and, famously, for Immanuel Kant, the dignity of the human person is at the centre of his moral philosophy"--
The concept of well-being and the educational implications of Nicholas Wolterstorff's theory of justice
The spiritual dimension : religion, philosophy, and human value
Robert Ludlum's the Hades factor
Reconstruction in the cane fields : from slavery to free labour in Louisiana's sugar parishes 1862-1880
Weighing lives
But in this twilight our choices seal our fate : the interplay of dignity and autonomy in defining the international legal response to the beginning of life
Islam on serving humanity
Of things gone astray
Make way for the superhumans : how the science of bio enhancement is transforming our world, and how we need to deal with it
Protection of minors and human dignity in the information society: EU and US perspectives
Ethics, emotion and the unity of the self
