http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1830 bisexuality
bisexuality
Confessions of a failed southern lady
Lesbian, gay, and bisexual identities and youth : psychological perspectives
Packed to the hilt with living narratives, scholarly research, and problem-solution scenarios, Queer Kids: The Challenges and Promise for Lesbian, Gay, and Bisexual Youth examines the unique challenges faced by today's homosexual young adults. You'll learn what modern-day queer kids do to cope, survive, and find understanding in a world riddled with homophobic intolerance. Queer Kids is a lens of clarity that will help the average straight adult--and maybe even the average gay adult--see things from a kid's point of view. Its detail-oriented, well-wrought chapters will provide you with literally hundreds of stories of young people who are trying to define themselves sexually and emotionally in a society of criss-crossing judgment, stereotyping, anger, and expectation. Aimed at three target groups--counselors, parents, and youth--this book introduces you to a variety of interesting kids, offers you a look at the process of coming out, and helps you grasp the experience of queer identification.
Violence and social injustice against lesbian, gay and bisexual people
This text explores lesbian sensibility in 20th century fiction. From the verse of Sappho in 600 BC to Radclyffe Hall's "The Well of Loneliness", published in 1928, there is little women's writing that is recognised as "lesbian". It is short because while romantic friendship between women was an accepted social institution from the Renaissance to the 19th century, and sex between women appears to have been a staple of pornography since the incarnation of that genre, the possibility of seeing oneself as "a lesbian" had to wait until the emergence of English sexologists in the last decades of the 19th century, who defined lesbianism as a social and sexual category. If by "lesbian literature" we mean work in which the subject of lesbianism is the centre, the history is even shorter. Is there a "lesbian sensibility" that can be identified in literature that may not be concerned specifically with lesbian sexuality? Examining works as diverse as Willa Cather's "My Antonia", the poetry of Gertrude Stein, the fiction of Carson McCullers, and the lesbian heroine in the novels of Margaret Atwood, the author seeks to redefine the canon.
Let's get this straight : the ultimate handbook for youth with LGBTQ parents
Bisexual and homosexual identities : critical clinical issues
Sexual fluidity : understanding women's love and desire
No Straight Lines showcases major names such as Alison Bechdel, Howard Cruse, and Ralf Koenig, as well as high-profile, cross-over creators who have dabbled in LGBT cartooning, like legendary NYC artist David Wojnarowicz and media darling and advice columnist Dan Savage. No Straight Lines also spotlights many talented creators who never made it out of the queer comics ghetto, but produced amazing work that deserves wider attention. Until recently, queer cartooning existed in a parallel universe to the rest of comics, appearing only in gay newspapers and gay bookstores and not in comic book stores, mainstream bookstores or newspapers. The insular nature of the world of queer cartooning, however, created a fascinating artistic scene. LGBT comics have been an uncensored, internal conversation within the queer community, and thus provide a unique window into the hopes, fears, and fantasies of queer people for the last four decades. These comics have forged their aesthetics from the influences of underground comix, gay erotic art, punk zines, and the biting commentaries of drag queens, bull dykes, and other marginalized queers. They have analyzed their own communities, and their relationship with the broader society.
Some issues in human sexuality : a guide to the debate : a discussion document from the House of Bishops' Group on issues in human sexuality
Why is bisexuality the object of such skepticism? Why do sexologists steer clear of it in their research? Why has bisexuality, in stark contrast to homosexuality, only recently emerged as a nascent political and cultural identity? Bisexuality has been rendered as mostly irrelevant to the history, theory, and politics of sexuality. With A History of Bisexuality, Steven Angelides explores the reasons why, and invites us to rethink our preconceptions about sexual identity. Retracing the evolution of sexology, and revisiting modern epistemological categories of sexuality in psychoanalysis, gay liberation, social constructionism, queer theory, biology, and human genetics, Angelides argues that bisexuality has historically functioned as the structural other to sexual identity itself, undermining assumptions about heterosexuality and homosexuality. In a book that will become the center of debate about the nature of sexuality for years to come, A History of Bisexuality compels us to rethink contemporary discourses of sexual theory and politics.
No straight lines : four decades of queer comics
Not otherwise specified
Pink therapy : a guide for counsellors and therapists working with lesbian, gay and bisexual clients
Queerly phrased : language, gender, and sexuality
Journal of LGBT Youth
From moon goddesses to virgins : the colonization of Yucatecan Maya sexual desire
Social exclusion of young lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender (LGBT) people in Europe
PoMoSexuals : challenging assumptions about gender and sexuality
"From social silence to social science: same-sex sexuality, HIV & AIDS and gender in South Africa presents a unique and innovative effort to examine what we know about homosexual transmission of HIV and AIDS in South Africa. It reverses the trend whereby categories of same sex sexual practice are almost always excluded from research of HIV and AIDS, as well as from care and intervention programmes. The varied contributors (academics, activists and programme planners) draw attention to the risk behaviours and treatment needs of people who engage in homosexual sex, and explain why same-sex sexuality has to be seen as key within South African efforts to study, test and prevent HIV infection. Relevant to scholarly debates about HIV and AIDS, it is also essential reading for anyone involved in research, policymaking, advocacy and community development"--Publisher Website.
Adaptation
A liar's autobiography : the untrue story of Monty Python's Graham Chapman
Transgender politics : the construction and deconstruction of binary gender in the Finnish transgender community
Bisexuality in the ancient world
Bisexuality and same-sex marriage
Queering creole spiritual traditions : lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender participation in African-inspired traditions in the Americas
Activating theory : lesbian, gay, bisexual politics
According to David Halperin, sexuality in our time is typified by a "crisis in contemporary sexual definition". What is sexuality? What does it mean to have a sexual identity or orientation? What is the relationship between sexuality as a knowledge construct, on one hand, and the often messy flows of desire and practices of love, on the other? How and why are some sexual, erotic, and intimate practices normalized and others marginalized? Queer Theory has emerged in the West as one of the most provocative analytical tools in the humanities and social sciences. It scrutinizes identity and social structures that take heteronormativity for granted – that do not question the social construction of heterosexuality as normative in relation to its oppositional binary, homosexuality. At the same time, bisexuality is a practice, identity, and orientation that challenges the binary logic around which cultural notions of sexuality are organized. It is a portal to the imagination of a world of amorous expression beyond that divide. This provocative collection presents bisexuality and queer theory as two parallel thought collectives that have made significant contributions to cultural discourses about sexual and amorous practices since the onset of the AIDS era, and explores the ideas that circulate in these thought collectives today. We learn much about the construction and experience of sexuality, and the power it still holds throughout the contemporary Western world to shape identities and practices. This volume challenges our understanding of what it means to be sexual, to have a sexual identity, and to practise the arts of loving.
A concise Chinese-English dictionary for lovers
Queer kids : the challenges and promise for lesbian, gay and bisexual youth
Maggie the mechanic : a love and rockets book
My heartbeat
Bisexuality : identities, politics, and theories
Therapeutic perspectives on working with lesbian, gay, and bisexual clients
Affirmative psychotherapy with bisexual women and bisexual men
Straight jacket : how to be gay and happy
History of a pleasure seeker
Bisexuality and transgenderism : interSEXions of the others
The bisexual option
Bisexuality and queer theory : intersections, connections and challenges
21st century jocks : sporting men and contemporary heterosexuality
Putting the boot in
Non-heterosexual and transgendered people in Finland
LGBT-parent families : innovations in research and implications for practice
The lesbian sex bible : the new guide to sexual love for same-sex couples
Bisexualities : theory and research
From social silence to social science : same-sex sexuality, HIV & AIDS and gender in South Africa : conference proceedings
Queer studies : a lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender anthology
Social work with lesbian, gay, bisexual and trans people : making a difference
Gay, lesbian, bisexual, and transgender myths from the Arapaho to the Zuäni : an anthology
Bisexuality and the eroticism of everyday life
From macho huddles to gentle cuddles, the ways in which sportsmen relate as friends has radically changed. With homophobia stigmatized and gay teammates revered, today's jocks no longer fear being thought gay for behaviors that constrained men of the previous generation. In this eye-opening book, Professor Eric Anderson draws on hundreds of interviews with 15-22 year old straight and gay male athletes in both the United States and the United Kingdom to show how jocks have redefined heterosexuality: kissing on the lips, dancing together, cuddling in bed, and proudly proclaiming their bromance with other men.
Glimpses : a collection of Nightrunner tales
Sexual function in people with disability and chronic illness : a health professional's guide
The friendly young ladies
Queering Sápmi : indigenous stories beyond the norm
Although public policy and social programs responding to the AIDS and hate crime epidemics of the past decades are supposed to be designed for the working-class gay man, in actuality they have been based more on socioeconomic bias, stereotype, and anecdote than on social science. What do these men actually want and need? How well do programs work for them? The answers are found in Working-Class Gay and Bisexual Men, the landmark international study that is among the first to empirically examine the lives, attitudes, needs, and concerns of this hidden population. Working-Class Gay and Bisexual Men reports on research conducted throughout the United States, Canada, Australia, and New Zealand using a broad-based sample of working-class men. Using ethnographic techniques, researchers systematically captured and analyzed the social themes of their lives. The impressively detailed and consistent results should compel policymakers to rethink their assumptions about working-class gay men.
Coping with heteronormativity in higher education : sexual and gender minorities at work
Love makes a family : portraits of lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender parents and their families
Identity without selfhood : Simone de Beauvoir and bisexuality
Queers in history : the comprehensive encyclopedia of historical gays, lesbians, bisexuals, and transgenders
The scientists : a family romance
Stigma and sexual orientation : understanding prejudice against lesbians, gay men, and bisexuals
Jason : an Anita Blake, vampire hunter novel
Getting bi : voices of bisexuals around the world
Bisexual politics : theories, queries, and visions
Women in relationships with bisexual men : bi men by women
The bisexual imaginary : representation, identity and desire
Contemporary perspectives on lesbian, gay, and bisexual identities
This is a book for parents of gay kids : a question & answer guide to everyday life
Top 250 LGBTQ books for teens : coming out, being out, and the search for community
In one person : a novel
Social work practice with lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender people
Closer to home : bisexuality & feminism
Queer : the ultimate LGBT guide for teens
LGBT identity and online new media
Cassell's encyclopedia of queer myth, symbol, and spirit : gay, lesbian, bisexual, and transgender lore
Senior Will Caynes must face unsettling feelings for his best friend Angus after they share a drunken kiss, while also embarking on his first real relationship with sophomore Brandy--all as the burden of home-life troubles weigh heavily / Library off Congress.
Sofi Oksanen : Jyväskylä, Theatre Academy (Finland), bisexuality, eating disorder
A companion to lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender, and queer studies
LGBT studies and queer theory : new conflicts, collaborations, and contested terrain
Freaks talk back : tabloid talk shows and sexual nonconformity
Locas II : Maggie, Hopey & Ray
Teens and LGBT issues
H. D. and Freud : bisexuality and a feminine discourse
Working-class gay and bisexual men
Triangle of love
No Straight Lines : four decades of queer comics
Bisexual spaces : a geography of sexuality and gender
A companion to some issues in human sexuality
A book of secrets : illegitimate daughters, absent fathers
A one-stop, no-nonsense introduction to the core of postmodern theory, particularly its impact on queer and gender studies. Nationally known gender activist Riki Wilchins combines straightforward prose with concrete examples from LGBT and feminist politics, as well as her own life, to guide the reader through the ideas that have forever altered our understanding of bodies, sex and desire. This is that rare postmodern theory book that combines accessibility, passion, personal experience and applied politics, noting at every turn why these ideas matter and how they can affect your daily life.
Is love “blind” when it comes to gender? For women, it just might be. This unsettling and original book offers a radical new understanding of the context-dependent nature of female sexuality. Lisa M. Diamond argues that for some women, love and desire are not rigidly heterosexual or homosexual but fluid, changing as women move through the stages of life, various social groups, and, most important, different love relationships. This perspective clashes with traditional views of sexual orientation as a stable and fixed trait. But that view is based on research conducted almost entirely on men. Diamond is the first to study a large group of women over time. She has tracked one hundred women for more than ten years as they have emerged from adolescence into adulthood. She summarizes their experiences and reviews research ranging from the psychology of love to the biology of sex differences. Sexual Fluidity offers moving first-person accounts of women falling in and out of love with men or women at different times in their lives. For some, gender becomes irrelevant: “I fall in love with the person, not the gender,” say some respondents. Sexual Fluidity offers a new understanding of women's sexuality - and of the central importance of love.
Our own private universe
Best bisexual women's erotica
Women and bisexuality : a global perspective
Queer theory, gender theory : an instant primer
Gathering evidence from art, literature, history, pop culture, science, and psychology, Marjorie Garber offers a startling new take on the nature and influence of bisexuality in our culture.
Written on the body
The stranger's child
Issues in therapy with lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender clients
Farväl heteronormativitet : papers presented at the conference Farewell to Heteronormativity, University of Gothenburg may 23rd through 25th, 2002
A history of bisexuality
Serving lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender, and questioning teens : a how-to-do-it manual for librarians
Bisexuality : a critical reader
How do teens know if they are LGBT? -- What issues do LGBT teens have with coming out? -- What challenges do LGBT teens face? -- How can teens get help with LGBT issues?
Fifteen-year-old Aki Simon has a theory. And it's mostly about sex.  No, it isn't that kind of theory. Aki already knows she's bisexual—even if, until now, it's mostly been in the hypothetical sense. Aki has dated only guys so far, and her best friend, Lori, is the only person who knows she likes girls, too.  Actually, Aki's theory is that she's got only one shot at living an interesting life—and that means she's got to stop sitting around and thinking so much. It's time for her to actually do something. Or at least try.  So when Aki and Lori set off on a church youth-group trip to a small Mexican town for the summer and Aki meets Christa—slightly older, far more experienced—it seems her theory is prime for the testing.  But it's not going to be easy. For one thing, how exactly do two girls have sex, anyway? And more important, how can you tell if you're in love? It's going to be a summer of testing theories—and the result may just be love.
Somewhere in the double rainbow : representations of bisexuality in post-apartheid novels
Bisexuality has been largely erased from studies of sexuality and gender, and people who desire others of more than one gender often remain invisible. This book sets a new agenda for considering sexualities and genders, by focusing on the lives of people who are bisexual or who have other identities that are not heterosexual, lesbian or gay, in an international context.What are bisexual people's lived experiences? How can these be understood using social and political theories? What are the implications of bisexuality for future theorising and research? In addressing these and other questions, this book maps out under-explored territory. It does so by looking at topical themes, including sex and relationships, community, the commodification of bisexuality, and activism. The book also shows how understandings of bisexuality can usefully inform the social sciences in areas such as identity construction, social inequalities, postcolonial relations, and citizenship.
Violence and Social Injustice Against Lesbian, Gay, and Bisexual People helps you look past the stereotypical picture of violence against sexual minorities - the public physical assaults on gay, lesbian, bisexual, and transgendered youth by hypermasculine male thugs - and directs you toward the many daily acts of quiet violence that go on, unhindered, in the workaday settings of our legal, social, educational, and law-enforcement institutions. You'll learn about the frightening prevelance of complacency, homophobic ignorance, and apathy that pervades our police departments, courts, high schools, and churches. Also, armed with this critical insight and statistical research, you'll be better equipped to wage a non-violent war of fairness and mutual respect against the daily, senseless violence of policy and practice that threatens to render gay, lesbian, bisexual, and transgendered people unwelcome and battered citizens in their own communities.
Diverse sexuality and schools : a reference handbook
Cut both ways
The white road
Forming identity in silence: personal narratives from Japan's LGB people
Chloe plus Olivia : an anthology of lesbian literature fron the seventeenth century to the present
This book is gay
Inheritance
Shadows return
In one person
Kicked out
