http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1834 work motivation
work motivation
The best place to work : the art and science of creating an extraordinary workplace
Abstract: This study explores the conditions of good work in IT consultancy business. The objectives of the study are to find the attributes that employees consider important for good work in an IT consultancy business, and to examine the present conditions in the case company for the good work as well as how the likelihood for good work could be improved.    The concept of good work is used as a framework for this study and supported by the model for engagement and the factors affecting it. The model is built on the theory of motivation and the experience of flow as seen from the individual's perspective as well as the theory of positive deviance and transformational leadership, as seen from the organization's socio cultural point of view. In the literature review, quite many topics studied were found to be overlapping and linked to different theories. As a result, the attributes from the theoretical framework were grouped under six headings of empowerment, meaningfulness, relatedness, communication, rewards & recognition and leadership.    This research is a qualitative type of research with the data coming from two main sources. The first source is the survey questionnaire based on the literature review, which was responded by 64 people representing the population both from the product development and IT consulting employees in the case company. The second source is the interview and open discussion with eight employees in the case company.    In order to answer the research question, the results were compiled from the question-naires and interviews and analyzed against the theoretical framework to understand what people see as the characteristics for each of six headings and to what extent the conditions for good work are met in case organization. Additionally the implications were discussed and recommendations were prepared for the management and employees that could enhance the opportunities for doing the good work in the case company meeting the standards for excellence and ethics and at the same time leading to a feeling of well being in employees. The recommendations are subsequently validated in the case organization by the reference group formed by the researcher.
”It's so nice to be at work!” : adopting different perspectives in understanding Generation Y at work
Everyday frustration and creativity in government: a personnel challenge to public administration
Motivation and culture
Changing employee behavior : a practical guide for managers
This text provides a comprehensive survey of the major theories and research on leadership and managerial effectiveness in formal organizations with practical suggestions for improving leadership skills.
Competence identification, assessment and development : case study: Merivaara Oy
"Based on more than a decade of research, Not Everyone Gets a Trophy reframes Millennials at a time when many employers are struggling to engage, develop, and retain them. Not Everyone Gets a Trophy, Revised and Updated provides proven, step-by-step best practices for getting Millennials onboard and up-to-speed--giving them the context they lack, teaching them how to manage themselves and how to be managed, and turning the very best into new leaders. This book is the essential guide for winning the talent wars and managing Millennials. This new revised and updated edition includes: - New focus on all millennials, which include Generations X, Y, and Z - New preface about the incredible generational shift under way in the workforce now and the critical nature of this issue now - Updated case studies and examples - New research on first-wave and second-wave of the Millennials"--
This book is about employee enthusiasm: that special, invigorating, purposeful and emotional state that's always present in the most successful organizations. Most people are enthusiastic when they're hired: hopeful, ready to work hard, eager to contribute. What happens? Management, that's what. The Enthusiastic Employee is an action-oriented book that helps companies obtain more from workers - the basic premise is that under the right kind of leadership, the more one side wins in a collaborative relationship, the more for the other side. The book is heavily evidence-based (using extensive employee survey data) and lays out two basic ideas: the "Three-Factor Theory" of human motivation at work and the "Partnership" company culture that is based on the Three-Factor Theory and that, by far, brings out the best in people as they respond with enthusiasm about what they do and the company they do it for.
International competence of future engineers : survey among engineering students at Turku University of Applied Sciences
Employee involvement : methods for improving performance and work attitudes
Management by recognition : a interactionist study of normative control in voluntary work
The manager's book of decencies : how small gestures build great companies
Receptionists' job satisfaction in hotels of Rovaniemi : effects of unhappy and problematic customers
Before it's too late : employee involvement... : an idea whose time has come
Well-researched and practical top level guidance on how to formulate the best strategy for incentives and recognition and how to implement such programmes effectively in both large and small organizations.
The motivational effect of a career path model in a specialist organi-sation : Case Capgemini
Selling and sales management
Impact of HRM practices on employee motivation and work efficiency in small lubricant enterprises in Fushun, China
Work engagement : a handbook of essential theory and research
A guide to non-cash reward
Teachers and their workplace : commitment, performance, and productivity
Ubuntu! : an inspiring story about an African tradition of teamwork and collaboration
Suggestions on how to Improve Employee Motivation in Chinese Small and Medium-Sized Private Enterprises. Case Company: X Glassware Factory.
Global management and organizational behavior : text, readings, cases, and exercises
The game of work
Exploring 'Good Work' in IT consultancy business
Employee engagement : tools for analysis, practice, and competitive advantage
Adrenaline junkies and template zombies : understanding patterns of project behavior
Industrial and organizational psychology : research and practice
The impact of change on employees' motivation
Motivational dialogue : preparing addiction professionals for motivational interviewing practice
Occupational psychology
Policing the workshy : benefit controls, the labour market and the unemployed
Organizational behavior
On "good" academic work : practicing respect at close range
Measuring employee satisfaction
Employee induction : developing an induction process for a company providing services in sports and leisure time activities
Improving the existing sales model : case: Sonera Store
Aging workers and the employee-employer relationship
Human resources management : readings
How to motivate high-demanding employees : Case: UPM-Kymmene Tampere Service Centre
The engagement equation : leadership strategies for an inspired workforce
Attrition in Swedish forestry work 1986-1990 : extent and causes
Measuring work quality for social reporting
Thinking about workfare : evidence from the USA
Motivation : a Harvard Business Review Paperback
How to be a home economics teacher
Love for work as the way towards wellbeing
This book concentrates on the last twenty years of research in the area of goal setting and performance at work. The editors and contributors believe goals affect action, and this volume will have a lineup of international contributors who look at the recent theories and implications in this area for IO psychologists and human resource management academics and graduate students.
The loyalty advantage : essential steps to energize your company, your customers, your brand
Socially shared regulation of motivation and emotions in collaborative learning
Motivation and leadership at work
Not everyone gets a trophy : how to manage the millenials
Employee Motivation at IKEA Espoo
The leadership experience
Achieving growth by attracting customers for Nordea Hämeenkyrö-Kyröskoski
Work motivation : past, present, and future
Teacher morale, job satisfaction and motivation
Employee motivation and its effects on job performance
The refusal of work : the theory and practice of resistance to work
Handbook of motivational counseling : goal-based approaches to assessment and intervention with addiction and other problems
Creating authentic organizations : bringing meaning and engagement back to work
Work motivation in organizational behavior
The relationship between public service motivation and work performance : a study in Finnish public organizations
Advances in flow research
Employees' motivation and level of satisfaction: a case of Itella Porvoo, Finland
Job satisfaction at Company Teija Jousi Viikarit
Extrinsic and intrinsic motivators in knowledge worker motivation
Perceived organizational support : fostering enthusiastic and productive employees
Taxation and the incentive to work
The third dimension of changes during FOB succession : psychological change
Leadership in organizations
How to motivate people
Case Forssan Suvi-ilta : cohesion as a key element in building a voluntary sport event organization
Job Satisfaction and Efficiency Among Hotel Workers : A Case Study Giant Star Hotel Nigeria
Motivating factors and incentives in the branches of Bank X in Southern Finland
"As the manager of a customer contact center, you know your employees are among the most highly visible members of your organization, and their performance can make or break the success of virtually any project or product. Yet it is challenging to motivate them because they receive less training and lower pay than virtually anyone else in your organization. Managing and Motivating Contact Center Employees gives you the field-proven information, tools, and techniques you need to connect with your frontline staff and lead them to exceptional performance. It explains how to manage the critical "human" element in contact centers, which is often more important for overall performance than having the latest contact center technology or operational system. This results-oriented reference is written by contact center consultants for Dell, Microsoft, Bank of America, and other leading organizations to help you: Establish critical lines of communication between supervisors and contact center reps - Set clear expectations and provide appropriate feedback - Share knowledge freely, even as you listen and learn. Contact center employees are in daily, direct communication with your key customers and are an integral component of your company's long-term success. Learn how to draw out and utilize their motivation and talents, while maximizing their workplace satisfaction, with Managing and Motivating Contact Center Employees. Whether you are a contact center trainer, supervisor, or manager, Managing and Motivating Contact Center Employees provides tips and techniques to boost morale, streamline business processes, and inspire outstanding performance, including: Strategies to get and keep good contact center reps - Methods for transforming a group of individuals into a team - Proven techniques for building high morale - Tips for dealing with problem employees - Dozens of fun, self-directed training activities and much more." -- (takakansi)
Manager's guide to motivating employees
Influence of voluntary work intervention on the mood status of older volunteers
Long considered the standard for all organizational behavior textbooks, this text provides the research you want, in the language your students understand. This text continues its tradition of making current, relevant research come alive for students. This edition has been thoroughly updated to reflect the most current recent research for Organizational Behavior, while maintaining its hallmark features -clear writing style, cutting-edge content, and engaging pedagogy. This text is commited to provide the kind of engaging, cutting-edge material that helps students understand and connect with organizational behavior.
What is the Recipe of Success at Work? :  Employee Perceptions from a Finnish Telecom Company
This book focuses on the aging workforce from the employment relationship perspective. This innovative book specifically focuses on how organizations can ensure their aging workers remain motivated, productive, and healthy. In 15 chapters, several experts on this topic describe how organizations through effective human resource management can ensure that workers are able to continue working at higher age. In addition, this book discusses the role older workers themselves play in continuing work at higher age. To do this, the authors integrate research from different areas, such as literature on leadership, psychological contracts, and diversity with literature on the aging workforce. Through this integration this book provides innovative ways for organizations and workers to maintain productivity, motivation and health. Aging Workers and the Employee-Employer Relationship summarizes the latest research on how employment relationships change with age and its implications for supporting the well-being, motivation, and productivity of older workers. It identifies ways to improve how both companies and workers solve the problems they face. These include better designed employment practices and more adaptive job content and developmental opportunities for aging workers along with activities aging workers can engage to enhance their own job crafting, learning and employability.
The enthusiastic employee : how companies profit by giving workers what they want
Smarter faster better : the secrets of productivity in life and business
Work motivation : history, theory, research, and practice
Task design and employee motivation
Job enrichment and employee motivation
Motivation and work behavior
This bachelor's thesis was commissioned by Sonera, which is one of Finland's leading telecommunications companies. The purpose of this study was to find out whether the sales model of Sonera Store is consistently implemented in practice in the desired way and to offer proposals for improving the existing sales model. Furthermore, the motivational incentives of the sales agents and the role of the sales management as a motivating factor were examined.    The data for this case study research were collected by observing the sales agents in customer service and sales encounters as well as with the help of semi-structured face-to-face interviews. Combining two different qualitative data collection methods offered a deeper understanding of the researchable topics and enabled the comparison between what was said in the interviews and what was put into action in reality. The interview was carried out with ten different sales agents from three different Sonera Stores. In the observations, five sales agents were studied in thirteen different customer encounters.    The study revealed that not all steps of the sales model are implemented in the way the sales agents are instructed. The omission of certain procedures was explained mainly with the lack of motivation caused by the disbelief that implementing them would offer any additional value to the sales agents or customers, or would have any positive impact on the sales. The study pointed out that the mindset of the sales agents is desirably sales-oriented and that the hindering sticking points are mostly explained by technical and other matters over which the sales agents have no control. In addition, it was found out that motivational factors are experienced very differently. In general, however, the study showed that the most improvement possibilities are in the current bonus model and sales training.    The findings of this study indicate that the sales model is not fully implemented in the intended way and that there is room for improvement in the incentive system and sales training. Implementing these and other improvement suggestions presented in the thesis is believed to have an enhancing effect on the motivation and overall performance of the sales agents. Notably more research should be carried out in other Sonera Stores of Finland in order to gain a more reliable understanding of the topic. Furthermore, the viewpoint of the customers and the sales management is left out, which calls for further research in the future.    Key words: sales, sales model, personal selling, sales management, customer service, employee motivation, case study.
Uniting the virtual workforce : transforming leadership and innovation in the globally integrated enterprise
Organizational culture & employee behavior
How I learned to let my workers lead
The art of winning commitment : 10 ways leaders can engage minds, hearts, and spirits
Managing and motivating contact center employees : tools and techniques for inspiring outstanding performance from your frontline staff
The Role of Motivation in a Successful Internship
Employee Motivation at Tommy Bartlett, Inc.
Motivating employees : Case: Company XXXX Oy
The healthy organization : fairness, ethics and effective management
The motivation to work
Work motivation, atmosphere and satisfaction among the personnel of Kuntoutuskoti Taukokangas
Exemplary performance : benchmarking star performers for business results
Individual motivation, its nature, determinants and consequences for within group behaviour
Work motivation and ranking of motivators : interview research on French Canadian Quebecer employees
Strategic reward and recognition : improving employee performance through non-monetary incentives
On being a teacher : the human dimension
Principal's role in building trust with teachers for a better school climate in Chinese schools : a case study of a high school in Sichuan, China
Human resource management by function
Can I have 5 minutes of your time? : a no-nonsense, fun approach to sales from xerox's former #1 salesperson
A great day at the office : 10 simple strategies for maximising your energy and getting the best out of yourself and your day
Workplace teams are supposed to harness employees' talents to tackle challenges. But the reality often falls short... Now imagine having a team where everyone steps up and performs all of the leadership tasks. Imagine a team that is constantly sharing knowledge and pushing the envelope--one that does long term planning and produces outstanding performance.
What should be done to improve employee motivation in Efir Hotel
Compensation management and Employees’ Performance in Public Sector, Nigeria
Immaterial and material rewarding in motivating employees : observations in a public agency
The winning factor : inspire gold-medal performance in your employees
Comparison between motivation factors of production workers of two manufacturing companies : cross cultural study of a Chinese and a Finnish company
A study to develop rewarding methods for case company X
Managerial approach to human resources management and employee motivation in a Finnish owned enterprise in China : case study : Harvia Oy, Oy Checkmark Ltd
Motivation approaches in a Russian-owned and a foreign-owned company in Russia
Rewards for motivating employees : comparative cases: Vantaa City Authority and Hertfordshire County Authority
The horizontal revolution : reengineering your organization through teams
Employees' motivation is "the heart of giving the people what they really want most from work" (Dell, 1988). With the continuous globalization of world economy and increased foreign direct investment, how to effectively manage and motivate people in an organization in a cross-cultural environment is very important to sustain success of any business and investment. Motivational practices, which work well, for instance, on the Finnish workers, do not necessary have the same effect on the Chinese employees. The aim of this study is to find out how various motivational factors work differently on the Chinese and the Finnish production workers in the two chosen companies, and to study how these differences are related to the cultural background of the two countries. The thesis covers the theories and concepts of motivation/work motivation, which include Maslow's Hierarchy of Needs, Hertzberg's Two Factor Mode, McClelland's Theory of Needs and Vroom's Expectancy Theory of Motivation; in addition, it discusses also the basic factors of work motivation. Since the thesis is a cross-culture study, theory of national culture, Hofstede's Culture dimensions are introduced. The study employs a mixed research method. By conducting a quantitative research by questionnaire and qualitative research by interviewing two mangers from the studied companies, the primary data was collect for comparison and analysis. Findings show that workers of these two companies do react differently to various motivational factors, and explanations to these differences can be found by using motivation theories of Maslow and Herzberg, and also Hofstede's model of cultural dimensions.
Job Satisfaction and Welfare of Store Managers : Siwas in Kuopio
Light their fire : using internal marketing to ignite employee performance and wow your customers
Organizational behavior : improving performance and commitment in the workplace
Good business : leadership, flow and the making of meaning
Leadership and motivation : the fifty-fifty rule and the eight key principles of motivating others
Culture matters : the leader-follower relationship in the Chinese organizational context
Effective Coaching
Job satisfaction among secondary school teachers in Tanzania : the case of Njombe district
Leading outside the lines : how to mobilize the (in)formal organization, energize your team, and get better results
How to motivate people : a guide for managers
Culture, self-identity, and work
When work doesn't work anymore : women, work and identity
Motivation and commitment of business students in their summer jobs
Employee satisfaction and motivation in forwarding business: a case study of Panalpina AB Filial Ι Finland
Introduction to work psychology
Working it out : the workaholics' survival book
Employee motivation and satisfaction in an organization: case study of Keski-Pohjanmaan Kirjapaino Oyj
Organizational behavior : essentials for improving performance and commitment
Motivation of Knowledge Workers in Chinese Small and Medium-sized High-tech Enterprises
Case study : the impact of financial and non-financial rewards on employee motivation
Organizational psychology
Exploring migrant labour motivation in the Finnish labour market
Understanding work motivation through goal setting and adoption
The inner game of work
Learners for life : student approaches to learning : resultas for PISA 2000
Management & organisational behaviour
Motivation and productivity in the construction industry
Doing work you love : discovering your purpose and realizing your dreams
Motivation and control in organizations
The meaning of working
Organizational behaviour
Make it matter : how managers can motivate by creating meaning
What makes personnel motivated : a case study in a restaurant
Retention through rewarding : case study: Kai Malvela Tmi
Motivation factors enabling positive deviance at workplace
Experiencing and managing emotions in the workplace
Summary.
The joy of reading handbook : improving reading motivation and multiliteracy through collaboration between schools and libraries
New developments in goal setting and task performance
Transform your workplace : 52 proven strategies to motivate, energize, and kick productivity up to the next level
The effects of participatory budgeting, budget control, budget-based goals and incentives on employees' work motivation : a case study
Work motivation in the context of a globalizing economy
Work atmosphere research in Suomen Kiitoautot Oy
The effect of leader behavior on worker job satisfication and job performance in Ethiopian textile factories : an empirical investigation
Jumpstart your career to a brilliant future
Instant motivation
The objective of the thesis was to identify employees' work load and to examine the level of work motivation in Panalpina AB Filial I Finland, a Finnish forwarding company. In addition, the aim was to find out factors that may have an influence on employees' motivation in their daily work. The Finnish case company is going more multi-cultural with a global customer base steadily increasing. New international customers are acquired and shipping orders from all over the world are being placed with the company. The Finnish Panalpina branch was founded in 1995. Even though it has been in operation for more than 10 years already, the Finland-based branch is still quite a new company in the Finnish forwarding industry. The level of service has been recognized by many corporations in Finland, which in turn means new development opportunities for the case company, but also big challenges for the staff. The context of the thesis discusses the level of work motivation in various departments and presents the current situation in the company and it also explores major factors affecting employee work motivation in general. The theoretical framework is based on theories on management, personnel management and organization behavior, i.e. subjects directly related to the topic. The scope of study is limited to the Panalpina AB Filial I Finland. The study utilized quantitative and qualitative research methods. The personal interview was considered a necessary instrument to identify new innovation and improvement in management within the company. In order to achieve high validity and reliability, the designed questionnaire was used for all the employees, and data was analyzed in accordance with different criteria, in order to counteract any deficiency in research method. The empirical process was implemented from mid May to mid June 2008. Due to the sensitivity of the issue at hand, the results of the study are kept confidential. The results obtained indicate that most of employees are satisfied with their work. However, a certain unbalance in daily work duties could be noticed. Feedback and communication channels, training opportunities, rewards and work facilities also to some extent affect the level of satisfaction at work.
Study motivation, work orientation and 'personality structure' of future librarians : a research among approximately 500 first-year library school students from 8 European countries
Award-winning psychologist Ron Friedman uses the latest research from the fields of motivation, creativity, behavioral economics, neuroscience, and management to reveal what really makes us successful at work. Combining powerful stories with cutting-edge findings, Friedman shows leaders at every level how they can use scientifically proven techniques to promote smarter thinking, greater innovation, and stronger performance.
Engagement of employees to internal service development : Case: Development of the contract management tool
Receptionists' job satisfaction in hotels of Rovaniemieffects of unhappy and problematic customers /
Techniques for coaching and mentoring
A team of leaders : empowering every member to take ownership, demonstrate initiative, and deliver results
Internal marketing as a tool of building product awareness among personnel
Influencing work engagement in global corporation environment
Once upon a time i wanted to be..
Management and motivation : selected readings
Engaged : unleashing your organization's potential through employee engagement
Teacher career motivation and professional development in special and inclusive education in China
Sales management : theory and practice
Motivate and reward : performance appraisal and incentive systems for business success
Incentive pay and career ladders for today's teachers : a study of current programs and practices
Playfulness and serious, credible business seem to be an unfitting match at first glance. However, astutely combined, they might promote competitiveness of firms. This study addresses a specific area in which humor and business can come together, as we examine the relationships between playfulness, work engagement and individual-level innovative performance. Earlier research on work engagement, playfulness and innovativeness has contributed to the creation of current research framework with hypothesized relationships between playfulness and work engagement as well as playfulness and innovative performance. Web-based survey data comprising the responses of 115 employees were collected from nine different organizations. The theoretical considerations and empirical evidence based on the collected data add to the existing knowledge on innovation management, entrepreneurship, human resource management, and organizational and humor theories. Our findings suggest that of the different forms of playfulness, playful attitude and atmosphere relates positively to work engagement which, in turn, shows positive relationship with innovative work performance. Nonetheless, a conclusion can be drawn that, like earlier research suggests, playfulness and humor need to be approached with certain caution when they are used as a strategic business tool: different forms of playfulness and humor can have different ¿ even  opposite ¿ consequences for different innovative outcomes.
An important part of every manager's job is changing people's behavior: to improve someone's performance, get them to better manage relationships with colleagues, or to stop them doing something. Yet, despite the fact that changing people's behavior is such an important skill for managers, too many are unsure how to actually go about it. This book reveals the simple, but powerful techniques for changing behavior that experts from a range of disciplines have been using for years, making them available to all managers in a single and comprehensive toolkit for change that managers can use to drive and improve the performance of their staff. Based on research conducted for this book, it introduces practical techniques drawn from the fields of psychology, psychotherapy, and behavioral economics, and show how they can be applied to address some of the most common, every-day challenges that managers face. #changingpeople.
Relationships of Playfulness, Work Engagement and Innovative Performance
Untaught lessons
The experience of work : a compendium and review of 249 measures and their use
Multipliers : how the best leaders make everyone smarter
Increasing sales orientation in a customer center environment: case study: Fortum Oyj
Industrialization and labor : social aspects of economic development
Screw work, let's play : how to do what you love and get paid for it
Internet based exercise management system for worksite exercise and well-being intervention
Recruiting and training proposal : case RetailWise Finland
What America does right : learning from companies that put people first
