http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18355 inclusion
inclusion
Teachers in inclusive classrooms in China : their views on systemic challenges and opportunities
Intellectual Disability : social approaches
Parents' perceptions of multiprofessional collaboration during their children's with special needs transition to school in Finland
Teacher education and inclusion in Ghana : pre-service teachers' preparedness for creating an inclusive classroom
What are the experiences of children and young people? How can we think about the challenges they face? What systems and practices can support them? How can we develop greater equality, participation and inclusion across diverse settings? This second edition of "Equality, Participation and Inclusion 1: Diverse Perspectives" is the first of two Readers aimed at people with an interest in issues of equality, participation and inclusion for children and young people. This first Reader focuses in particular on the diverse perspectives held by different practitioners and stakeholders. Comprising readings taken from the latest research in journal articles, newly commissioned chapters, as well as several chapters from the first edition that retain particular relevance, this fully updated second edition has broadened its focus to consider a greater diversity of perspectives. Whilst exploring how we think about the experiences of children and young people across a range of contexts it maintains a subtle, underlying emphasis upon education and the experiences of disabled people. Drawing on the writing of academics, practitioners, children and young people, and people who have experienced exclusion, this book is a rich resource for students and practitioners who are interested in thinking about how inequality and exclusion are experienced, and how they can be challenged. Much of the material reflects on lived experiences and life stories, and will be of particular interest to those working in education, health, youth and community work, youth justice and social services, as well as to families and advocates.
Inclusionary practices in a Finnish pre-primary school context
The policies of inclusion : perspectives to disability policy in connection with changing welfare policy
Inclusive research with people with learning disabilities : past, present, and futures
The young deaf or hard of hearing child : a family-centered approach to early education
Queer presences and absences
Spaces, mobilities and youth biographies in the new Sweden : studies on education governance and social inclusion and exclusion
This collection brings together analyses from educational contexts around the world of the ways in which notions of identity and difference, belonging and exclusion are constructed within and beyond the context of education. Three key themes link the chapters in this book - current policy and practice in education and educational research - educational imperialism and its legacy - cultures and sub-cultures within and beyond educational contexts. The contributors are the editors Stephen Ball, Renee DePalma, Stephen Dobson, David Gough, Ruby Greene, Jennifer Lavia, Ahmad Nazari, Carrie Paechter, John Storey, Takako Takano, Maddalena Taras and Deborah Youdell. This book is for academics, for students working at masters level and above, and for educational professionals and policy makers. It will interest scholars working in education, sociology, cultural studies and sociolinguistics or doing interdisciplinary work.
A long walk to school : global perspectives on inclusive education / edited by Vianne Timmons and Patricia Noonan Walsh
What really works in elementary education
Teaching advanced learners in the general education classroom : doing more with less!
There is a plethora of material on the subject of school inclusion. However, this material is often weighted towards offering definitions and theories of inclusion. Whilst these are useful and important for understanding international perspectives and approaches, the practical scenarios encountered by teachers, by definition, operate on a completely different level. The aim of this book is to highlight such success. This approach has a focus on the realistic aspect of practising inclusive education and facilitating all levels of teacher educational experience to be clear about what variables are likely to make a difference in practice. This is a book that concentrates on how to make inclusion work from the view of internationally established practitioners in the field of teacher education.
In educational political discussions diversity is approached as a challenge connected to cognitive,  linguistic, cultural, ethnic or sex questions. The greatest obstacles of inclusion are connected to  attitudes towards diversity. Vocational education in Finland is striving to create learning environments,  schools, educational organizations, work life and possibilities to include mixed ability students  according to inclusive ideology. Implementing those principles is supported by commitment, new  pedagogical solutions, curricula, learning environments, flexible and individual learning paths and  teachers' professional competencies. The aim is to make special needs students study together with  fellow students in an environment suitable to learning and studying, despite different starting points.  The number of special needs students has increased in vocational institutes. All teachers should have  special pedagogical preparedness in teacher education.  The research questions were:  1. What kind of experiences do teachers have for teaching/ guiding special needs students in an  inclusive learning environment at vocational secondary level?  2. What kind of competences do teachers think they are expected to have in teaching/ guiding special  needs students at vocational secondary level?  3. What kind of experiences do vocational teachers have to support special needs students in practice?  The research material consisted of semi-structured thematic interviews of seven (N=7) vocational  teachers in 2015 – 2016 from five various fields of science, with professional experience ranging from  5 to 28 years. The interviews were transcribed word for word.  The analyzing method was qualitative contents analysis. Attention was paid to similarities and  differences of opinions. Efforts were made to create a global and clear picture of the phenomenon to  be studied. Thus this research aims at the interpretation of individual experiences.  The research outcomes show that vocational teachers experience daily activities positively in inclusive  learning environments. Efforts of education organizers are praised for special pedagogical solutions,  various forms of support and guidance. The significance of a teacher's personal attitude to students'  progress is also clearly observable. Although the work is challenging and requires giving up traditional  teacher roles, experiences of success are rewarding and encouraging. Teachers feel that when a worry  appears, the matters must be grabbed immediately.
Marginality and difference in education and beyond
As teachers around the world deal with the challenges of inclusive education, they must endeavour to find effective ways of enhancing their classroom teaching methods. What Really Works in Special and Inclusive Education presents special educational needs teachers with a range of evidence-based strategies they can immediately put into practice in their classrooms. This unique book will be invaluable to any teacher in the field with neither the time nor the inclination to engage with theory-heavy research, but with a desire to ensure that their teaching strategies are up-to-the-minute and proven to be the most effective best practices. Each of the 26 strategies that this book comprises has a substantial research base, a strong theoretical rationale and clear guidelines on their implementation, as well as cautionary advice where necessary. In this new second edition, David Mitchell, a leading writer in special and inclusive education, continues to break new ground with revised and updated strategies based on evidence from the most recent studies in the field. From the myriad of related research available, only those studies with genuine potential for improving the practices of teachers and schools have been included, with the aim of facilitating practitioners in providing high-quality learning and social outcomes for all. Updates to this new edition include: An even wider international focus, including evidence drawn from the Far East New chapters on Response to Intervention, School-wide strategies, and the Finnish Education System A new companion website, with extra case studies and links to further reading, journal articles and video For anyone with a vocational or academic interest in evidence-based special educational needs teaching strategies – whether student or qualified classroom teacher, teacher trainer, educational psychologist, special needs coordinator, consultant or researcher – this book will be essential reading.
Social theory and education research. Volume 1-4
Diversity and inclusion in higher education : emerging perspectives on institutional transformation
Disabled pupilsʼ behavioural responses in different learning situations in inclusive settings
Towards inclusive schooling : a case study of three 6-8 year-old children with ADHD
Interculturalism, education and inclusion
Abstract.
Professional-developmental needs and possibilities to educate the classroom teacher to work in an inclusive class
Count me in! : ideas for actively engaging students in inclusive classroom
Planning the curriculum for pupils with special educational needs : a practical guide
Building blocks for teaching preschoolers with special needs
Curriculum and pedagogy in inclusive education : values into practice
Queer inclusion in teacher education : bridging theory, research, and practice
Students with mild exceptionalities : characteristics and applications
Student-directed learning
OECD/CERI-project : integration in the school : report of case-studies undertaken in Sweden
Effective school interventions : evidence-based strategies for improving student outcomes
Individual Learning Plans (IEPs) can improve learning opportunities for support students if teachers have been involved in sustained collaborative professional learning around the broader concept of inclusion. All students can learn if classroom pedagogies are differentiated and students' individual learning needs are closely monitored and assessed. This current research foci is on inclusive classroom practices and the use of ideas writing, an innovative approach to support the framing of IEPs and to determine pedagogical practices for support students.
Brilliant ideas for using ICT in the inclusive classroom
A guide to inclusive therapy : 26 methods of respectful resistance-dissolving therapy
Initial teacher preparation for inclusive education in Ghana : status and challenges
"Välttämätön mukava paha" : the collaboration between English teachers and special education teachers in secondary schools
The promise of integrated multicultural and bilingual education : inclusive Palestinian-Arab and Jewish schools in Israel : what happens to children when adults find solutions to problems they do not have
Overcoming exclusion : social justice through education
"You're going to love this kid!" : teaching students with autism in the inclusive classroom
Inclusive education : international policy and practice
Achievement and inclusion in schools
Deafness and Education in the UK : Research Perspectives
Inclusion : a service, not a place : a whole school approach
Radical inclusive education : disability, teaching, and struggles for liberation
Equality, participation and inclusion. I. Diverse perspectives
The Finnish service sector trade union Palvelualojen ammattiliitto or Service Union United has the largest amount of migrant members of all Finnish trade unions. It walks the narrow line between defending the perceived interests of its members from the 'threat' of labour immigration, and simultaneously trying to act as an immigrantfriendly force. This qualitative case study analyses the outcomes of the union's strategies in questions related to immigration. The outcomes affect different immigrant groups in a different manner. Furthermore, the established quasi-state character of the Finnish trade union movement affects both the strengths and weaknesses of its strategies. The politicized anti-immigration views in the Finnish society indirectly to some degree impact trade union strategies. Results suggest that the lay distinction between 'us' and 'them' based on nationality still shapes trade union strategy in a way that can be labeled selective solidarity.
This important book provides a unique merging of disability studies, critical multiculturalism, and social justice advocacy to develop both the knowledge base and the essential insights for understanding and implementing fully inclusive education. Although inclusion is often viewed in schools as primarily serving students with disabilities, this volume expands the definition to include students with a broad range of traditionally marginalized differences (including but not limited to disabilities, cultural/linguistic/racial background, gender, sexual orientation, religion, and class). Chapters provide 12 key principles important to developing and applying a critical perspective toward educating diverse students and promoting equity and inclusion. Book Features [include]: personal stories that make concepts accessible to new and pre-service teachers; application exercises ideal for courses and professional development workshops; highlight boxes that raise additional questions for discussion and debate; and interactive, multimodal instructional activities to use with many kinds of learners.
Language of inclusion and diversity : policy discourses and social practices in Finnish and Norwegian schools
Dyslexia, literacy and inclusion / Child-centred perspectives
Inclusion and diversity in education. Vol. 1, Inclusive education as social justice
"Inclusive Technology Enhanced Learning draws together a remarkable breadth of research findings from across the field, providing useful data on the power of technology to solve cognitive, physical, emotional or geographic challenges in education. A far-ranging assessment, this book combines research, policy, and practical evidence to show what digital technologies work best for which learners and why. Inclusive Technology Enhanced Learning takes a number of unique perspectives, looking at uses of digital technologies through a detailed learning framework; considering different groups of users and how they can be individually supported through digital technologies; and exploring how those who support different categories of learners can apply technologies to their specific support needs. This powerful meta-analysis of research on technology enhanced learning will be invaluable reading for anyone concerned with the impacts of digital technologies on learning across subject areas, age ranges, and levels of ability"--
Navigating (un)popular music in the classroom : censure and censorship in an inclusive, democratic music education
A research reader in universal design for learning
Learning disability today : key issues for providers, managers, practitioners and users
Condition critical : key principles for equitable and inclusive education
Inclusive technology enhanced learning : overcoming cognitive, physical, emotional, and geographic challenges
The learning society and people with learning difficulties
The politics of inclusion : preparing education majors for urban realities
Modifying schoolwork
Theories of inclusive education : a student's guide
Making education inclusive
Disability arts against exclusion : people with learning difficulties and their performing arts
Actively seeking inclusion : pupils with special needs in mainstream schools
Intellectual disabilities : genetics, behavior and inclusion
"Personalised support": how to provide high quality support to people with complex and challenging needs: learning from Partners for Inclusion
Educational inclusion as action research : an interpretive discourse
Access : multiple avenues for deaf people
A teacher's guide to including students with disabilities in general physical education
Inclusive education : supporting inclusion in education systems
Race, equity, and the learning environment : the global relevance of critical and inclusive pedagogies in higher education
Integrating technology tools into instruction : what's working in inclusive classrooms
Inclusion in the early years : critical analyses and enabling narratives
The irregular school : exclusion, schooling, and inclusive education
Inclusion : the dynamic of school development
Teacher's attitudes towards inclusion and the inclusion of students with emotional and behavioural disorders
Diversity at work : the practice of inclusion
Schools and special needs : issues of innovation and inclusion
Understanding and promoting access for people with learning difficulties : seeing the opportunities and challenges of risk
Framework for action on independent living = Fframwaith gweithredu ar gyfer byw'n annibynnol
Deaf and hearing impaired pupils in mainstream schools
Managing special and inclusive education
What really works in special and inclusive education : using evidence-based teaching strategies
Gypsies and travellers : empowerment and inclusion in British society
Widening the circle : the power of inclusive classrooms
Towards inclusion : teacher learning in co-teaching
Ideas, teachers and individual education plans
'Including the excluded' and international development co-operation : a report from the IWGE
What works in inclusion?
Learning styles and inclusion
The inclusive education checklist : a self-assessment of best practices
Speech and language difficulties
A new kind of trainer : how to develop the training role for people with learning disabilities
Learning from our neighbours : inclusive education in the making
Inclusive middle schools
Access to academics for all students : critical approaches to inclusive curriculum, instruction, and policy
The traditionalism-inclusionism controversy in special education : a conceptual analysis
Vocational Teacher's Competence in Inclusive Learning Environment
"The Promise of Integrated and Multicultural Bilingual Education presents the results of a long-term ethnographic study of integrated bilingual Palestinian-Jewish schools in Israel that offer a new educational option to two groups of Israelis--Palestinians and Jews--who have been in conflict for the last one hundred years"--
Inclusive education : supporting diversity in the classroom
"The Promise of Integrated and Multicultural Bilingual Education presents the results of a long-term ethnographic study of the integrated bilingual Palestinian-Jewish schools in Israel that offer a new educational option to two groups of Israelis--Palestinians and Jews--who have been in conflict for the last one hundred years. Their goal is to create egalitarian bilingual multicultural environments to facilitate the growth of youth who can acknowledge and respect "others" while maintaining loyalty to their respective cultural traditions. In this book, Bekerman reveals the complex school practices implemented while negotiating identity and culture in contexts of enduring conflict. Data gathered from interviews with teachers, students, parents, and state officials are presented and analyzed to explore the potential and limitations of peace education given the cultural resources, ethnic-religious affiliations, political beliefs, and historical narratives of the various interactants. The book concludes with critique of Western positivist paradigmatic perspectives that currently guide peace education, maintaining that one of the primary weaknesses of current bilingual and multicultural approaches to peace education is their failure to account for the primacy of the political framework of the nation state and the psychologized educational perspectives that guide their educational work. Change, it is argued, will only occur after these perspectives are abandoned, which entails critically reviewing present understandings of the individual, of identity and culture, and of the learning process"--
Inclusive education : diverse perspectives
Collaborative teaming
Encouraging positive behaviour in the early years : a practical guide
Aspects of administrative support in implementing inclusive education :  a case study of three finnish comprehensive schools
Education for inclusion and diversity
Pathways to inclusion : a guide to staff development
Special needs and early years : a practitioner's guide
Education for all : critical issues in the education of children and youth with disabilities
"Playing with English" : English material package for dyslexic students in inclusive teaching
Part of the community : strategies for including everyone
Guidelines for inclusion : ensuring access to education for all
Teaching students with special needs in inclusive classrooms
Included or excluded? : the challenge of the mainstream for some SEN children
The Journey to Inclusive Schools : An overview of Inclusive Education in six issues of "Getting there"
Focus on nordic disability policies
Toward a theoretical model of inclusive teaching strategies : an action research in an inclusive elementary class
Effective educational practices at pre-primary and primary school in Finland - what are the barriers and supporting structures in educational practices and community participation?
Practical strategies for the inclusive classroom
Summary.
Debating special education
Inclusive education from teachers' perspective : examining pre- and in-service teachers' self-efficacy and attitudes in mainland China
Access to ICT : curriculum planning and practical activities for pupils with learning difficulties
Inclusive practices and social justice leadership for special populations in urban settings : a moral imperative
Voices from the North : calling for inclusion in education : conference publication
Including children with visual difficulties in the foundation stage
Inclusion in the early years : stories of good practice
Including students with special needs : a practical guide for classroom teachers
Inclusive schools in action : making differences ordinary
Searching for inclusive practices : a report on an EU/Canada project advancing inclusionary practices in post-secondary education
Learning and teaching in secondary schools
Inclusion and diversity in education. Vol. 2, Developing inclusive schools and school systems
Observation, assessment and planning in inclusive autism education : supporting learning and developing
Fighting : intellectualising combat sports
Ethics and research in inclusive education : values into practice
Addressing tensions and dilemmas in inclusive education : living with uncertainty
Doing things together - whatever the diagnosis
The new edition of this insightful text on inclusion offers an overview of issues faced by practitioners. Full of practical activities, it helps both students and practitioners develop their own inclusive practices.
Teacher education for inclusion : changing paradigms and innovative approaches
In community : practical lessons in supporting isolated people to be part of community
Special education for a new century
"How can you use ICT to boost the achievement of all your pupils? This practical teachers' guide will help you to unlock the enormous potential of new technology in order to enhance pupils' learning, particularly for young people with additional needs. Written by two of the UK's leading technology experts, this invaluable new resource will enable you to use ICT effectively to make lessons more accessible, motivating and fun. With 50 illustrated case studies and 20 starter activities, this practical resource will help you to introduce new technology into the inclusive classroom. It has been specifically designed to help develop your pupils' key skills, such as problem solving, developing concepts and communicating to different audiences. In each activity, the authors show why and how a particular resource was used and show how similar techniques can be implemented to open up the curriculum to your learners. The authors include timely and realistic advice on how to use a range of technologies from the cheap and cheerful - and even free - to more sophisticated and specialist packages. Find out about: - Podcasting - Digital animation - iPods and iPads - Dance mat technology - Digital storytelling - Wikis - Online reading schemes - Sat nav - Story boarding - Games and gaming - Mobile phones - Art packages - Using sound - Visualisers Whether you're already techno-savvy or looking to get started with ICT, this book is full of brilliant ideas on how to engage learners of all abilities using technology. If you're looking for inspiration on how to integrate creative uses of ICT with the curriculum, this book will prove invaluable"-- Provided by publisher.
Disability matters : pedagogy, media and affect
Making inclusion work : effective practices for all teachers
Effective inclusive schools : designing successful schoolwide programs
Legal capacity in Europe : a call to action to governments and to the EU
Winzers new study From Integration to Inclusion: A History of Special Education in the 20th Century focuses chiefly on the significant events of the twentieth and early twenty-first centuries in the United States and Canada. Its key dynamics consist of a retrospective overview of the paradigms that emerged from and shaped special education; a critical assessment of past progress and reform, including failures and disappointments; and an analysis of the theoretical diversity within the discipline. In this stand-alone volume, Winzer juxtaposes the historical study of disability and of special schooling and service provision with reference to broader social systems, protocols, and practices. She documents how prevailing emotional and intellectual climates influence disability and schooling, and also takes into account the social, political, and ideological factors that affect educational theory and practice. Winzer recognizes that reform has been the Zeitgeist of the history of special education. Crucial problems such as defining exceptional conditions and separating them from one another were formulated in contexts organized along moral, theological, legislative, medical, and social dimensions. Many of these reforms failed for various reasons, which Winzer thoroughly explains in her study. Most of these reforms evolved from the long and honorable pedigree that the field of special education has possessed since its earliest antecedents, now admirably brought up to date by this outstanding work.
Inclusion in the early years
Index for inclusion : developing learning and participation in schools
Special education : contemporary perspectives for school professionals
The exceptional child : inclusion in early childhood education
The history of inclusion in the United States
Inclusion and diversity in education. Vol. 4, Learning from diverse voices in inclusive education
Trade Union Responses to Labour Immigrants: Selective Solidarity
Inclusive and adaptive teaching : meeting the challenge of diversity in the classroom
An educator's guide to inclusion
Psychology for inclusive education : new directions in theory and practice
Policy-practice gap in participation of students with disabilities in Ethiopia's formal vocational education programme
Inclusion, equality & diversity in working with children
Learning disability and inclusion phobia : past, present, future
"Addresses interpretations of inclusive education by drawing upon the experiences and expertise of leading writers and academics who have direct experience of teaching and researching this area around the world"--Publisher description.
The role of adapted physical activities in promoting social inclusion amongst young disabled athletes : a case study of Scottish region of Fife
Leadership of assessment, inclusion, and learning
Inclusive education : readings and reflections
A good idea in theory : inclusion as English subject teacher students see it
Inclusion of students with disabilities in tertiary education and employment
Inclusion and diversity in education. Vol. 3, Inclusive pedagogy in curricula and classrooms
Inclusive cultural empathy : making relationships central in counseling and psychotherapy
"In addition to many other issues that touch higher education around the world, diversity and equity in higher education is fast becoming a major opportunity and challenge to institutions, countries and regions. The increasing centrality of diversity is fueled in part by changing demographics, immigration, social movements, calls for remedies to historic grievances, and, the relationship between identity and access to power. This book will provide an opportunity to look at efforts at institutional change with respect to diversity in several countries where issues of diversity are moving beyond simply access for diverse populations to efforts at institutional transformation. Its purpose is to provide a comparative perspective with the hope that we will be able to see patterns across these contexts from which we might learn. Amongst other subjects it will address:The historic and contemporary context for diversity established and emerging salient identities how diversity is framed at a national and institutional level the prevailing strategies and policies for engaging diversity, again at the national and institutional level the role of special purpose institutions this critical book is an essential for higher education scholars and practitioners with background in higher education"--
Changing teachers' practices in regular schools enrolling children with visual impairment : an action research project in Tanzania
The state of the world's children 2013 : children with disabilities
Special educational needs and the internet : issues for the inclusive classroom
From integration to inclusion : a history of special education in the 20th century
Teaching in tandem : effective co-teaching in the inclusive classroom
Confronting obstacles to inclusion : international responses to developing inclusive education
Basic school teachers' attitudes towards inclusive education in Ghana
Inclusion against the odds : the continuing education and life of Kirsty Arrondelle
