http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18381 foreign exchange market
foreign exchange market exchange market
Inside international finance : a citizen's guide to the world's financial markets, institutions and key players
Foreign currency options
Exchange rate unions : a comparison to currency basket and floating rate regimes
The history of exchange control in Finland
"Making Sense of the Dollar explores the many factors--trade deficits, the dollar's role in the world, globalization, capitalism, and more--that affect the dollar and the U.S. economy and lead to the inescapable conclusion that both are much stronger than many people suppose"--Provided by publisher.
Short-term overreaction in the finnish stock market
Floating exchange rates and capital mobility
Elements of international economics : with 41 figures and 9 tables
Simulating the currency markets with computational market dynamics
Capital mobility, exchange rates and economic crises
The Determinants of Currency and Financial Crises in Developing Countries : An Empirical Approach
The exchange rate environment
An empirical study for the relationship of chinese stock market and macroeconomic indicators
The Financial Markets of China
Essays on the asymmetric news effects on exchange rate volatility
Linkages of major carry trade currencies : a wavelet analysis
Corporate treasury and cash management
Financial Crisis : Causes and Consequences
Chartism and exchange rate volatility
Forecasting stock market volatility : an application of garch-type models in the finnish stock markets
The yo-yo yen : and the future of the Japanese economy
International capital flows, deregulation and the offset coefficient in Finland 1975-1990
The rules of the game : reform and evolution in the international monetary system
Turn-of-the-month and intramonth anomalies in the Finnish stock market explained by U.S. macroeconomic news announcements
The exchange rate under target zones : theory and evidence on the Finnish markka
Exchange rate and trade instability : causes, consequences, and remedies
International financial markets
Contrary to most experience, Estonia (as well as Latvia and Lithuania) has been able to combine, for a number of years, fixed exchange rates, financial liberalisation (prior to proper supervision) and large current account deficits without inviting speculation using large capital flows as vehicles.The standard argument is that this must be due to exceptionally sound fundamentals and great policy credibility.Without challenging this argument either generally or for the case of Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania, this paper offers a supplementary perspective.These countries did not aim at developing a full-scale national economy with a full set of financial and other markets, as they had the possibility of joining an institutionally, culturally and geographically close set of North-Western European markets.Such a strategy goes further than having the goal of "rejoining Europe" as the external policy anchor.Having well-developed domestic markets can in some cases be substituted by accessing near-by markets, thus leaving little leeway to potentially unstable capital flows.This option, however, is not open to all, and it also has its downside. Key words: capital flows, exchange rate systems, institutional development, financial liberalisation, Baltic countries .
Investment, banking and financial markets in Russia : special report for foreign customers & investors = Investicii, bankovskie i finansovye rynki Rossii
The psychology of the foreign exchange market
Mathematical methods for foreign exchange : a financial engineer's approach
The microstructure of the foreign-exchange market : a selective survey of the literature
The industries of the future
The functioning of floating exchange rates : theory, evidence, and policy implications
A guide to the Finnish bond and money market
Powertiming : using the Elliott Wave system to anticipate and time market turns
Global economic effects of the Asian currency devaluations
Review of currency market anomalies: macro puzzles, micro tools
Abstract: EU single market : the evolution of the European single market. The purpose of this study paper was to define what is the EU Single Market in theory, how it began and to compare it with the current reality. Problems achieving political objectives in the 1990s. Also, what it has turned into today i.e. the EU's enlargements 2004 and 2007 to 27. Demographics and what kind of economic convergence takes place in new member states. The methodology used in this study was qualitative. They consisted of both source books and newspaper articles, and the internet news agencies e.g. Financial Times, Telegraph, and web sources of the European Commission. The results revealed that the Union has many issues and failures. It is also clear that stability is difficult to maintain as many factors influence the situation of the Union e.g. different economies of the member states in the South and North, convergence issues. GDP is not a perfect measurement to see what is going on because even if the GDP is high it may not mean that a state is wealthy. The conclusion of the study was that the EU is a political union. Its enlargement is hard to understand as the criteria used to assess eligibility of a state are very subjective. The contemporary issues with such member states as Latvia, Greece, Ireland, Spain and Estonia joining Euro currency as an example of success while other states struggle make the EU look very political union rather than economic one.
European Monetary Unification : theory, practice and analysis
Choice of substitution currency in Russia : how to explain the dollar's dominance?
The dollar crisis : causes, consequences, cures
Theory of economic reform and the case of Poland
Hedging the currency risks with financial derivatives and the impact of EMU on hedging needs
The prospect of euro in foreign exchange reserve system of China
Can bubble and sunspot equilibria be eliminated?
EMU and the outsiders
The basket-peg system in excange rate policy : some implications and applications
Abstract: The purpose of this study was to examine and analyze the financial markets of China. The intention was to form a comprehensive picture of the current state and the latest developments of the markets. Specific attention was paid to the accessibility and opportunities offered to foreign participants in the markets. The study concentrates on mainland China, excluding Hong Kong and Macau. The research was conducted using qualitative methodology, by collecting data first and then analyzing it using financial market theories. The data was collected from various sources, including business news, academic journals, official websites, statistics databases and interviews. The analysis was based on different aspects of efficient markets; the allocative, operational and informational efficiencies. The results revealed that while the financial markets of China have a modern and quickly developing appearance, they are still far from being open and efficient. The most important limiting factor in the financial markets is the regulation of the foreign exchange market. The government also holds a strong control over all the other aspects of the markets as well. The access for foreign companies is currently restricted; only a limited number of licensed foreign institutions are allowed to operate with the local currency, and even then only within set quotas. The markets are, however, constantly developing. The foreign exchange is slowly opening up, presenting new investment opportunities for foreign investors in the future.
Currency overlay : a practical guide
Black markets, openness, and central bank autonomy
International capital markets. Part 1, Exchange rate management and international capital flows
Currency risk and business management
Rules for regulating intervention under a managed float
Technical Analysis in Forex  : A Strategy for Individual Trader in  Intra-Day Trading
International economics
Intermarket technical analysis : trading strategies for the global stock, bond, commodity and currency markets
The road to European Monetary Union : lessons from the Bretton Woods Regime
Exchange-rate instability
The financial markets of China
Causality and shock transmission in financial markets
International money management
International financial operations : arbitrage, hedging, speculation, financing and investment
Capital account convertibility ; economic growth and inflation
Balance of payments and the foreign exchange market : a dynamic partial equilibrium model
Remaking the international monetary system : The Rio agreementand beyond
Liberalisation of capital movements and financial services in the OECD area
Sterling's managed float : the operations of the exchange equalisation account, 1932-39
International currency competition between US dollar and the euro and the future potential of the Chinese renminbi
Fundamentals of multinational finance
Empirical essays on foreign exchange risk management
Beat the Forex dealer : an insider's look into trading today's foreign exchange market
Some statistical properties of the Finnish markka bilateral exchange rates and tests of the forward market's efficiency
Measuring exchange market pressure and central bank intervention
Impact of ECB’s monetary policy decisions and scheduled macroeconomic news announcements on the foreign exchange implied volatility
The foreign exchange market : structure, intervention and liquidity
The choice of transaction currency and the European currency unit
The globalization of markets : capital flows, exchange rates and trade regimes
Guide to financial markets
Measuring the interest rate and exchange rate risk of a commercial bank's portfolio
Incomplete exchange rate pass-through and hysteresis in trade : a survey of recent theories and an empirical study of export pricing of Finnish paper manufactures
Exchange rate unions : a comparison with currency basket and floating rate regimes : a case of temporary shocks
The monetary approach to the balance of payments, exchange rates, and world inflation
Currency transaction tax organisation
Principles of money, banking, and financial markets
Cryptocurrency : the future of money
Exchange rate and foreign exchange policies in Korea
Exchange rate volatility, trade and capital flows under alternative exchange rate regimes
"Leading innovation expert Alec Ross explains what's next for the world, mapping out the advances and stumbling blocks that will emerge in the next ten years--for businesses, governments, and the global community--and how we can navigate them.  While Alec Ross was working as Hillary Clinton's Senior Advisor on Innovation, he traveled to forty-one countries. He visited some of the toughest places in the world--from refugee camps of Congo to Syrian war zones. From phone-charger stands in eastern Congo to R&D labs in South Korea, Ross has seen what the future holds.  Over the past two decades, the Internet has radically changed markets and businesses worldwide. In The Industries of the Future, Ross shows us what's next, highlighting the best opportunities for progress and explaining why countries thrive or sputter. He examines the specific fields that will most shape our economic future over the next ten years, including cybercrime and cybersecurity, the commercialization of genomics, the next step for big data, and the coming impact of digital technology on money, payments, and markets. And in each of these realms, Ross addresses the toughest questions: How will we have to adapt to the changing nature of work? Is the prospect of cyberwar sparking the next arms race? How can the world's rising nations hope to match Silicon Valley in creating their own innovation hotspots?   Ross blends storytelling and economic analysis to give a vivid and informed perspective on how sweeping global trends are affecting the ways we live, incorporating the insights of leaders ranging from tech moguls to defense experts. The Industries of the Future takes the intimidating, complex topics that many of us know to be important and boils them down into clear, plain-spoken language. This is an essential work for understanding how the world works--now and tomorrow--and a must-read for businesspeople, in every sector, from every country"--
U.S. intervention in the exchange market for DM 1977-80
Exchange rate unions : a comparison to currency basket and floating rate regimes : a three-country model
International money and foreign exchange markets : an introduction
Forward exchange, speculation, and the international flow of capital. Herbert G. Grubel
Essays on the term structure of interest rates
Foreign exchange intervention : theory and evidence
This article examines the theory of economic reform in light of the actual experience Poland.Its main themes are liberalisation and stabilisation.Liberalisation in the case of transition economies implies decontrol of domestic prices and foreign trade. Liberalization may be gradual (gradualism), or immediate (shock therapy).Here, we compare the effects of these strategies using Swedar van Wijnbergen's intertemporal speculation model, taking into account the question of currency convertibility.  According to monetarist theory, budget deficits are the main cause of inflation in closed economies.Thus, stabilisation programs usually start with budget balancing.Implementation of nominal anchors for economic reform is also an important issue, because nominal anchors can help eliminate demand pressure and build credibility.Three nominal anchors, i.e. wage tax, fixed exchange rate and high interest rate are closely examined.In addition, the non-trivial task of sequencing the phases of reform is discussed. Obviously, an unsuccessful stabilisation has a strong influence on, e.g. real exchange rates and export opportunities, so how does one time the phases of reform for successful results?  Poland's "Big Bang" reform is an example of a monetarist economic reform.This analysis covers the main features of the reform, applying the credit market model of Guillermo Calvo and Fabrizio Coricelli.Calvo and Coricelli have studied the influence of tight credit on output from their empirical results, which is of particular interest in discussion of the Polish case.The paper ends with a summary of the reform outcomes to date.  Keywords: Poland, liberalisation, stabilisation, credit market .
Essentials of foreign exchange trading
Currency trading for dummies
Profitability of the carry trade strategy in the 21st century
Russian financial markets and monetary policy instruments
EU single market : the evolution of the European single market
Exchange rate flexibility and macroeconomic policy in Finland
International economics : theory and policy
Exchange rate behavior with currency inconvertibility
Estimating exchange market pressure and the degree of exchange market intervention for Finland during the floating exchange rate regime
Technical trading at the currency market increases the overshooting effect
Utilizing financial market information in forecasting real growth, inflation and real exchange rate
Foundations of financial markets and institutions
Exchange arrangements and exchange restrictions : annual report
Price-earnings ratio and influence factors : evidence from China
Financial liberalisation and international trends in stock, corporate bond and foreign exchange market volatilities
Takeover success prediction : European acquisitions between 1999 and 2008
EU Single Market  : The evolution of the European Single Market
Relationship between stock return and macroeconomic variables in vietnamese stock market : an application of VAR and VECM
Credibility of exchange rate policy
The greatest trade ever : how John Paulson bet against the markets and made $20 Billion
"While Alec Ross was working as Hillary Clinton's Senior Advisor on Innovation, he traveled to forty-one countries. He visited some of the toughest places in the world--from refugee camps of Congo to Syrian war zones. From phone-charger stands in eastern Congo to R&D labs in South Korea, Ross has seen what the future holds. Over the past two decades, the Internet has radically changed markets and businesses worldwide. In The Industries of the Future, Ross shows us what's next, highlighting the best opportunities for progress and explaining why countries thrive or sputter. He examines the specific fields that will most shape our economic future over the next ten years, including cybercrime and cybersecurity, the commercialization of genomics, the next step for big data, and the coming impact of digital technology on money, payments, and markets. And in each of these realms, Ross addresses the toughest questions: How will we have to adapt to the changing nature of work? Is the prospect of cyberwar sparking the next arms race? How can the world's rising nations hope to match Silicon Valley in creating their own innovation hotspots? Ross blends storytelling and economic analysis to give a vivid and informed perspective on how sweeping global trends are affecting the ways we live, incorporating the insights of leaders ranging from tech moguls to defense experts. The Industries of the Future takes the intimidating, complex topics that many of us know to be important and boils them down into clear, plain-spoken language. This is an essential work for understanding how the world works--now and tomorrow--and a must-read for businesspeople, in every sector, from every country"--
Multinational business finance
Foreign exchange international finance & risk management
Abstract.
Exchange rates and international financial economics : history, theories, and practices
Studies in the macroeconomic implications of firm entry and exit
Unexpected real consequences of floating exchange rates
"This is the first book to collect academic studies examining issues related to the potential internationalization of the remninbi. It considers polisy implications, documents the rising regional importance of the renminbi and discusses key issues in the increasing use of the renminbi in international trade and finance"--Provided by publisher.
Exchange rate determination and adjustment
Combining the incompatibles / fixed exchange rate,  liberalisation and financial development in Estonia
The microstructure of foreign exchange markets
Making sense of the dollar : exposing dangerous myths about trade and foreign exchange
Foreign exchange dealing : essays on the microstructure of the foreign exchange market
International capital movements : based on the Marshall lectures given at the University of Cambridge 1985
The electronic financial markets of the future : survival strategies of the broker-dealers
An introduction to global financial markets
Technical analysis in Forex: A strategy for individual trader in intra-day trading
Foreign exchange market behavior, expectations and chaos
The liberalization of foreign exchange markets and economic growth in Sub-Saharan Africa
Currency internationalization : global experiences and implications for the renminbi
The goal of the thesis was to create a simple and profitable strategy for Foreign Exchange Market (forex) currency trading. Forex is an interesting international market, which is becoming globally more and more popular. The author has a strong interest in forex and he had noticed how many trading strategies are very complicated and difficult to use. The meaning was to study what kind of simple trading strategy would be profitable in forex. The target of the study was intra-day traders, who trade short-term trades, prefer technical trading and already have the basic information of the market. The strategy created was tested through using virtual money by the author and it was also published as an e-book in different online forums for collecting comments and improvement suggestions. The thesis was carried out as a project-based thesis and it consists of introductory, theoretical and empirical parts. Theory consists of four parts; forex market, what moves the exchange-rates, how technical analysis predicts exchange-rate movements and money management. The trading strategy was created by applying the theory to the author`s own ideas of forex trading. The empirical part contains a complete forex trading strategy and a report of the testing period. The goal of making a simple and profitable forex trading strategy was reached as a three- month testing period ended with a gain of 19%. The e-book received many positive comments, but also some criticism and improvement suggestions from other traders. Most people who commented on the trading strategy liked the simplicity of it. Even though the strategy created was tested with virtual money, the study indicates that simple forex trading can be profitable. The next phase is to test the strategy with real money and study the results over a longer period of time. Emotional factors that affect trading decisions will only be shown when real money is traded. The author is confident that every trader who reads the study will learn a lot and get new ideas for their own forex trading.
Intradaily exchange rate movements
Exchange rate regimes and market interactions between onshore and offshore markets for Chinese Yuan
Currency markets : equilibrium and expectations
Abstract. - Summary. - Tiivistelmä.
Currency-denomination of international bond revisited
Currency strategy : the practitioner's guide to currency investing, hedging and forecasting
The Russian financial markets are small for an economy the size of Russia, and in many respects underdeveloped. This restricts the Central Bank of Russia's scope for conducting monetary policy. In this paper we provide an overview of the Russian financial markets and the CBR's variegated collection of monetary policy tools and their effectiveness. The Russian monetary and exchange rate policy framework is currently in the process of change. During most of the 2000s, the CBR tightly steered the ruble's external value, which left little room for active monetary policy. After the 2008-2009 crisis, the bank began to loosen the reins of exchange rate management with the aim of moving gradually to a regime of inflation targeting. Since the monetary policy tools are still not highly effective, the big challenge for monetary authorities is improve the tools. Keywords: Russia, monetary policy, exchange rate policy .
International financial management: Pearson New International Edition
Exchange rate prediction model for long-term capital investments in pulp and paper industry
International money and finance
