http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18323 control of legality
control of legality
The law and economics of irrational behavior
Beyond our control? : confronting the limits of our legal system in the age of cyberspace
Working as a registered nurse in Finland
Legal framework and present state of external control and supervision of local self-government units in Estonia
The Constitutional Committee of Parliament : the Finnish model of norm control
Beyond legal structure : division of competence between home and host states in the prudential supervision of significant credit institution branches in the EU
Parliamentary control in the Nordic countries : forms of questioning and behavioural trends
Documentary supplement : for use with Transnational legal problems (materials and text), third edition
Human rights : between idealism and realism
Words that bind : judicial review and the grounds of modern constitutional theory
The principle of administrative legality : the control system
Legality of the Security council action : does the International Court of Justoce move to take up the challenge of Judicial review
Basic problems concerning supervision over activity of the Polish self-government units
Law and order : Some impacts of introducing a law enforcement mechanism on growth in predatory economies
Representations of justice
Judicial control in the European Union : reforming jurisdiction in the intergovernmental pillars
Cases and materials on constitutional and administrative law
Legal control of government : administrative law in Britain and the United States
Law, politics and ombudsmen in the Lisbon era : 8th National Seminar of the European Network of Ombudsmen : Copenhagen, 20-22 October 2011
Displacement of social policies
Fight against fraud : protection of the financial interests of the communities : annual report 2004 : annexes
Report of the European Anti-Fraud Office : ... activity report for the period 1 January to 31 December ..
Parliamentary ombudsman of Finland 80 years
Drones and unmanned aerial systems : legal and social implications for security and surveillance
The self-restraining state : power and accountability in new democracies
Protecting the community's financial interests : the fight against fraud : annual report 1998
Making fundamental rights a reality in EU legislative process : ex ante review of proposals for EU legislative measures for their compatibility with the charter of fundamental rights of the European Union
The pursuit of justice
Who safeguards our rights? : the Finnish institutions and the discussion about a constitutional court
Law, legitimacy and the constitution : essays marking the centenary of Dicey's law of the constitution
This book tackles the regulatory issues of Unmanned Aerial Systems (UAS) or Remotely-Piloted Aerial Systems (RPAS), which have profound consequences for privacy, security and other fundamental liberties. Collectively known as "drones," they were initially deployed for military purposes: reconnaissance, surveillance and extrajudicial executions. Today, we are witnessing a growth of their use into the civilian and humanitarian domain. They are increasingly used for goals as diverse as news gathering, aerial inspection of oil refinery flare stacks, mapping of the Amazonian rain-forest, crop spraying and search and rescue operations. The civil use of drones is becoming a reality in the European Union and in the US.The drone revolution may be a new technological revolution. Proliferation of the next generation of "recreational" drones show how drones will be sold as any other consumer item. The cultural perception of the technology is shifting, as drones are increasingly being used for humanitarian activities, on one hand, but they can also firmly be situated in the prevailing modes of postmodern governance on the other hand. This work will be of interest to researchers in Criminology and Criminal Justice interested in issues related to surveillance, security, privacy, and technology. It will also provide a criminological background for related legal issues, such as privacy law, aviation law, international criminal law, and comparative law.
Parliamentary Ombudsman of Finland 80 years : proceedings of International Symposium "Ombudsmen in the service of human rights: challenges for the new millenium", held on the occasion of the 80th anniversary of the Finnish Parliamentary Ombudsman, Helsinki, 7 February 2000
Protection of the communities' financial interests : fight against fraud : annual report 2003
The European Union and e-voting : addressing the European Parliament's internet voting challenge
Judicial review
Rights before courts : a study of constitutional courts in postcommunist states of Central and Eastern Europe
"The 'Europeanisation' of the fight against crime is a broad and much-contested notion. This in-depth analysis of the role of the EU in fighting crime within the area of freedom, security and justice explores the impact of EU policies in the Member States, the progressive convergence of Member States' criminal law systems, the emergence of mutual recognition as an alternative to harmonization, and the incremental development of the ECJ's jurisdiction. The essays also explore the limitations inherent in EU counter-crime policies and the changes brought about by the introduction of the Treaty of Lisbon. These changes are discussed both collectively and within individual substantive areas in which the EU has taken an active role in fighting crime, such as corruption, money laundering, terrorism, organised crime and extradition"--
Protection of the communities' financial interests : the fight against fraud : annual report 2002
Protecting the financial interests of the Community : the fight against fraud : action plan 2001-2003
Legality of the Security Council action : does the International Court of Justice move to take up the challenge of judicial review?
Judging under uncertainty : an institutional theory of legal interpretation
International human rights and domestic legality : experiences of the Finnish parliamentary ombudsman
Guidelines for the conduct of United Nations inquiries into allegations of massacres
International human rights norms in domestic law : Finnish and Polish perspectives
Fight against fraud : annex to the annual report 2006 of the Commission on the protection of the European Communities' financial interests : implementation of Article 280 of the EC treaty by the member states in 2006
Protecting the Community's financial interests : the fight against fraud. Annual report 1995
Congressional control of administration
Résumé des débats (s. 7-10). - Summary of discussion (s. 11-14).
Drug lords, rebel movements and anti-drug policies in source countries
Private applicant's journey to Luxembourg via Lisbon : is effective judicial protection getting any closer?
The scope and implications of a tracing mechanism for small arms and light weapons
Protecting the financial interests of the Community : the fight against fraud. The Commission's anti-fraud strategy : work programme fo 1994
The OECD DAC handbook on Security System Reform (SSR) : supporting security and justice
Public administration in developed democracies : a comparative study
Fight against fraud : protection of the European communities' financial interests : annual report 2003 : annex
Studies of satellite-based tracking systems for improving law enforcement : comprising investigation data, digital evidence and monitoring of legality
Parliamentary Ombudsman 90.
Annual report 2005 from the Commission on the protection of the European Communities' financial interests : fight against fraud
Programme of action to prevent, combat and eradicate the illicit trade in small arms and light weapons in all its aspects : adopted by the United Nations Conference on the Illicit Trade in Small Arms and Light Weapons in All Its Aspects, New York, 9-20 July 2001.
Protecting the Community's financial interests : the fight against fraud. Annual report 1994
Literature, science, psychoanalysis, 1830-1970 : essays in honour of Gillian Beer
Annual report 2006 from the Commission on the protection of the European Communities' financial interests : fight against fraud
Fight against fraud : annex to the annual report 2005 from the Commission on the protection of the European Communities' financial interests : follow-up of the Commission action plan 2004-05 - implementation of article 280 of the EC Treaty by the member states in 2005 - statistical evaluation of irregularities
Fish piracy : combating illegal, unreported and unregulated fishing
The United States and the rule of law in international affairs
Legitimacy in European nature conservation policy : case studies in multilevel governance
Trading in influence and the illegal financing of political parties : programme of action against corruption : Third European Conference of Specialised Services in the Fight against Corruption, Madrid (Spain), 28-30 October 1998.
The politics of constitutional review in Germany
Protection of the financial interests of the communities : fight against fraud : annual report 2001
Protecting the financial interest of the Community : the fight against fraud. 1993 annual report
Crime within the area of freedom, security and justice : a European public order
Liber amicorum in honour of Lord Slynn of Hadley : judicial review in European Union law
The judiciary
UNCITRAL : legislative guide on privately financed infrastructure projects
The environment, risk and liability in international law
More guns, less crime : understanding crime and gun-control laws
Crisis negotiations : managing critical incidents and hostage situations in law enforcement and corrections
Intellectual property, public policy and international trade
Taking democracy seriously : the problem of the control of the constitutionality of legislation : the case of Finland
Hayek and human rights : foundations for a minimalist approach to law
Protecting the Community's financial interests : the fight against fraud. Work programme 1998/99
Delegation of governmental power to private parties : a comparative perspective
Human rights and judicial review : a comparative perspective
The judge as political theorist : contemporary constitutional review
Effective judicial review : a cornerstone of good governance
Abstract (1 s.). - Summary: The parliamentary ombudsman - a study in public law (s. 378-386).
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
Protecting the Community's financial interests : the fight against fraud. Annual report 1996
Protection of the financial interests of the communities : fight against fraud : annual report 2004
Europe's 21st century challenge : delivering liberty
Administrative law : the problem of justice. Vol. 3, Western European democracies
