http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18357 antiques
antiques
Encyclopedia of antique restoration and maintenance
Antiquites : trade or betrayed, legal, ethical and conservation issues
Miller's pine & country furniture buyer's guide
The collectors' encyclopedia of antiques
20th century antiques
The concise encyclopaedia of antiques
The conservation of antiquities and works of art
A Selection of chinese carvings
Chinese jade : from the neolithic to the Qing
Creative display : inspiring ideas to make every surface beautiful
Sotheby's guide : antiques and their prices worldwide. Vol. 4 : 1989 edition
The antiques : care & repair handbook
Glass of the Roman empire
Ancient Chinese bronzes in the Shanghai Museum
Vintage lighting : a collector's guide
Vintage guns for the modern shot
The complete encycklopedia of antiques
The Russian sale : sale LN5745, 14th December 1995, London
Sotheby's guide : antiques and their prices worldwide. 1990
The Little Brown illustrated encyclopedia of antiques
Victorian jewellery : a complete compendium of over four thousand pieces of jewellery
The collector's encyclopedia : Victoriana to art deco
The vintage & antiques fairs of England
The practical guide to decorative antique effects : paints, waxes, varnishes
The Collectors' encyclopedia of antiques
Trade in antiquities : reducing destruction and theft
Pressland's great book of tin toys
Silver boxes
A dictionary of American antiques
Collectables : handbook [2012-2013]
Repairing & restoring chairs : professional techniques to bring your furniture back to life
Stuff : the m (group) interactive guide to collecting, decorating with, and learning about, wonderful and unusual things
The art collector's illustrated handbook : how to tell authentic antiques from fakes. Vol. 3, [Excavated art : Europe, Asia, America : Asian and African art]
The conservation of antiquities and works of art : treatment, repair and restoration
Collecting country & western Americana
An encyclopedia of antiques
Repairing old China and ceramic tiles
The complete guide to 20th century antiques
The encyclopedia of antiques
Clocks in colour
Collins encyclopedia of antiques
Longcase clocks
The collector's encyclopedia of antiques / Edited by Phoebe Phillips
The wood finisher's handbook
Masterpieces of furniture : in photographs and measured drawings
Antiques at a glance : silver
Understanding antique silver plate
Buying antiques : general guide / by A. W. Coysh and J. King
Curse tablets and binding spells from the ancient world
Les bronzes archaïques chinois = Archaic Chinese bronzes. I, Xia & Shang
Repairing & restoring tables : professional techniques to bring your furniture back to life
The Grosvenor House Antiques Fair : the antique dealer's fair 12th-22nd June 1991
The Russian imperial award system during the reign of Nicholas II 1894-1917
Essential guide to London's retro shops
The antiques magpie : a compendium of absorbing history, stories and facts from the world of antiques
Collecting clocks
Clocks
Popular antiques yearbook. 3, Trends and prices for collectors in 1988
Antiques international / general editor: Peter Wilson
Lyle Price guide to uncommon antiques and oddities
Catalogue of good icons and Russian works of art : Monday, 20th June, 1977
The illustrated history of antiques : the essential reference for all antique lovers and collectors
The collecting of antiques
The egyptologist : a novel
Antiques at a Glance Silver : Silver
Encyclopedia of antiques
The Chinese exhibition : a pictorial record of the exhibition of archaeological finds of the People's Republic of China, National Gallery of Art, Washington, D.C. December 13, 1974 - March 30, 1975, the Nelson Gallery-Atkins Museum, Kansas City, Missouri, April 20 - June 8, 1975, Asian Art Museum of San Francisco, the Avery Brundage Collection, San Francisco, California, June 28 - August 28, 1975.
The best flea, antique, vintage & new-style markets in America
Royal Copenhagen porcelain : animals and figurines
THE PICTORIAL ENCYCLOPEDIA OF ANTIQUES
Chinese treasures in Istanbul
The art and antique restorers' handbook
The care of antiques
The art collector's illustrated handbook : vol. 2
Care & repair of antiques & collectables : a step-by-step guide
Sotheby's world guide to antiques and their prices
The family treasury of antiques
Sotheby's : art at auction 1986-87
God's gold : the quest for the lost temple treasure of Jerusalem
The art collector's illustrated handbook : how to tell authentic antiques from fakes. Vol. 2, [Silver, bronze, other metals, prints, books, clock, walking sticks, stones, gemstones, amber, enamel, dolls, fans, musical instruments]
Teapots : the collector's guide to selecting, displaying and enjoying new and vintage teapots
Chinese bronzes : a general introduction
The Bulfinch anatomy of antique furniture : an illustrated guide to identifying period, detail, and design
Treasures of China
Miller's popular glass of the 19th & 20th centuries : a collector's guide
Antiquing for dummies
World furniture : an illustrated history
The art and antique restorers' hanbook : a dictionary of materials and processes used in the restoration and preservation of all kinds of works of art
The collector
The vintage home
Antiques £10-£1000 : the Sotheby Parke bernet Guide
Popular antiques and their values 1875-1950
Export licensing for cultural goods : procedures and guidance for exporters of works of art and other cultural goods : a Department of National Heritage Notice
Allum's antiques almanac 2015 : an annual compendium of stories and facts from the world of art and antiques
In the ancient Graeco-Roman world, it was a common practice to curse an enemy or rival by writing an incantation on a tablet and dedicating it to a god or spirit. More than a thousand such texts, written between the fifth century BC and the fifth century AD, have been discovered in places ranging from North Africa to England, and from Syria to Spain. Until now, however, there has been no English translation of these tablets and indeed the texts themselves have remained virtually unknown. This volume makes these fascinating texts available for the first time. A substantial introduction supplies the full cultural, social, and historical context for the texts. The selected translations, arranged thematically, are fully annotated and accompanied by extensive commentary. Reflecting a wide range of social occasions, including lawsuits, love affairs, business competition, and horse-races, the tablets open a window into the hearts and minds of ordinary people, shedding light on a dimension of classical society in which historians today are increasingly interested.
Antique weapons for pleasure and investment
Miller's 100 years of the decorative arts : victoriana, arts & crafts, art noveau & art deco
The country life collector's pocket book of china
ANTIQUES : PROFESSIONAL SECRETS FOR THE AMATEURS
Collecting antique metalware
Antiques price guide. 1993 / compiled and edited by Tony Curtis
Bukowskis moderna + contemporary & design : 2.11.2006 Helsinki = 2.11.2006 Helsingfors
A dictionary of marks : metalwork, furniture, ceramics : the identification handbook for antique collectors
Hai mao yi zhen = Gems left by overseas trade
The Bulfinch illustrated encyclopedia of antiques
Buying antiques in Europe : what to buy and where
The collector's cabinet : tales, facts & fictions from the world of antiques
The lost throne
Lady in red
The Connoisseur complete encyclopedia of antiques
The alliance of the curious
Puppets and marionettes : a collectors handbook & price guide
The Encyclopedia of antiques
Art of the ancient world : 50th anniversary edition
Sotheby's world guide to antiques and their prices worldwide. Vol. 3
Antique collector's directory of period detail : how to identify the key characteristics, shapes and forms of period styles
Christie's review of the season 1983
Antique furniture expert ; Gillian Walkling ; John Bly
The art collector's illustrated handbook : vol. 3
Bukowskis modern + contemporary & design : 31.10.2007 Helsinki = 31.10.2007 Helsingfors
Orientations : the magazine for collectors and connoisseurs of Asian art
Selected Chinese antiquities from the collection of Gustaf Adolf, Crown Prince of Sweden
Clocks & watches
Dictionary of furniture
The flask
An introduction to small antiques
Miller's antiques handbook and price guide : 2010-2011
Antique Trader guide to fakes & reproductions : authentic or fake? : can yoy make the right choice?
Striking and chiming clocks : their working and repair
