http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18301 office workers
office workers
Finnish polytechnics in the regional innovation system : towards new ways of action
Servant x service. 1
Gender, expertise and information technology
Welcome to the jungle
Vocabulary for the student office personnel of polytechnics : a resource/self-study material package
Factors influencing the choice of the most suitable employment contract strategy in relation to office workers : case: Kesko food
The professional recruiter 패s handbook : delivering excellence in recruitment practice
The thesis introduces the factors, which influence the most for the employment contract strategy of a company in relation to office workers. The factors are being examined from companies  패 point of view. This allows one to show the most influential factors in relation to employees  employment contract strategy from its actual perspective. The research also shows what is the linkage between these factors and the employment contract strategies considering business field.  Companies past and current employment contract forms used are being explained in the study and the future intentional strategies in relation to contract forms are being studied here.       These issues are more closely being studied from a company   패s perspective in a case Kesko food. The case analyses Kesko food  패s employment contract strategy from the past few years until the five next years to come.
Manage an office : planning and creating a successful workplace
Factors influencing environmentally responsible behavior in the Finnish service sector
A study of the factors that attract job seekers to professional service firms : implications for employer branding
Administrative assistant's & secretary's handbook
Human resources and corporate strategy : technological change in banks and insurance companies : France, Germany, Japan, Sweden, United States
The office. 1. tuotantokausi
The ordinary images : a study on stock photography and gender
The Testament
Abstract.
Gendering dynamics in white-collar work organizations
The responsive office : people and change
Effects of workplace physical exercise intervention on the physical perceived and measured physical functioning among office workers : a cluster randomized controlled cross-over design
Loyal customer in the travel agency
Vocational qualification in business and administration
The testament
The psychosocial work environment and illness among office workers
Women's worlds : Finnish contributions to the Third International Interdisciplinary Congress on Women, Dublin 1987
Indoor air contaminants in office buildings
Human aspects in office automation
Stretching in the office
Women's office work and coping with technological change
Does the new technology emancipate clerical women?
