http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18362 guild system
guild system guilds
An oriental baker at Ostia
English gilds : the original ordinances of more than one hundred early English gilds : Together with þe olde vsages of þe cite of Wynchestre; the Ordinances of Worcester; the Office of the mayor of Bristol; and the Costomary of the manor of Tettenhall-Regis : from original MSS. of the fourteenth and fifteenth centuries
Protection, continuity and gender : craft trade culture in the Baltic Sea region (14th-16th centuries)
Transformation of the Finnish innovation system : a network approach
The civic world of professional associations in the Roman East
The art of solidarity in the Middle Ages : guilds in England 1250-1550
Guilds, markets, and work regulations in Italy, 16th-19th centuries
"From Artisan to Worker examines the largely overlooked debate over the potential reestablishment of guilds that occurred from 1776 to 1821. The abolition of guilds in 1791 overturned an organization of labor that had been in place for centuries. The disorder that ensued - from concerns about the safety of the food supply to a general decline in the quality of goods - raised strong doubts about their abolition and sparked a debate both inside and outside of government that went on for decades. The issue of the reestablishment of guilds, however, subsequently became intertwined with the growing mechanization of production. Under the Napoleonic regime, the government considered several projects to restore guilds in a large-scale fashion, but the counterargument that guilds could impede mechanization prevailed. After Bonaparte's fall, the restored Bourbon dynasty was expected to reorganize guilds, but its sponsorship of an industrial exhibition in 1819 signaled its endorsement of mechanization, and after 1821 there were no further efforts to restore guilds during the Restoration"--Provided by publisher.
Conscience of glass : makers of artistic and artisanal glass in Finland : realities, vocation and relation with the industrial past
Institutions of modern Spain : a political and economic guide
Guild dynamics in seventeenth-century Istanbul : fluidity and leverage
From artisan to worker : guilds, the French state, and the organization of labor, 1776-1821
Richard A. Goldthwaite, a leading economic historian of the Italian Renaissance, has spent his career studying the Florentine economy. In this magisterial work, Goldthwaite brings together a lifetime of research and insight on the subject, clarifying and explaining the complex workings of Florence's commercial, banking, and artisan sectors.Florence was one of the most industrialized cities in medieval Europe, thanks to its thriving textile industries. The importation of raw materials and the exportation of finished cloth necessitated the creation of commercial and banking practices that extended far beyond Florence's boundaries. Part I situates Florence within this wider international context and describes the commercial and banking networks through which the city's merchant-bankers operated. Part II focuses on the urban economy of Florence itself, including various industries, merchants, artisans, and investors. It also evaluates the role of government in the economy, the relationship of the urban economy to the region, and the distribution of wealth throughout the society.While political, social, and cultural histories of Florence abound, none focuses solely on the economic history of the city. "The Economy of Renaissance Florence" offers both a systematic description of the city's major economic activities and a comprehensive overview of its economic development from the late Middle Ages through the Renaissance to 1600.
Ukrainian minstrels : and the blind shall sing
Melngalvju nams Riga = Das Schwarzhäupterhaus in Riga = The Blackheads house in Riga / sastaditja un zinatniska redaktore = zusammengestellt und wissenschaftlich bearbeitet von = compiled and edited by Mara Silina
Musical encounters
The economy of Renaissance Florence
The noble science : a study and transcription of Sloane Ms. 2530, papers of the Masters of Defence of London, Temp. Henry VIII to 1590
Yliopistosanasto = Universitetsordlista = University glossary = Universitätsglossar = Lexique des universités = Vocabulario universitario = Slovar' universitetskih terminov
Institutions and the path to the modern economy : lessons from medieval trade
Guild & state : European political thought from the twelfth century to the present
Guilds, innovation, and the European economy, 1400-1800
Guilds, towns, and cultural transmission in the north, 1300-1500
My effectual journey as a jewellery designer
The structure of Turkish guilds and its significance for Ottoman social history
Guilds and the parish community in late medieval East Anglia, c. 1470-1550
The Rotters' club
Guilds, price formation and market structures in Byzantium
Law profile of Finland
Women at work in preindustrial france
Craftsmen and guilds in the medieval and early modern periods
Craft guilds in the early modern Low Countries : work, power and representation
