http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18394 CD-ROMs
CD-ROMs
The implementation of CD-Server
Encarta'95 : the complete interactive multimedia encyclopedia
I photograph to remember = Fotografio para recordar
Fantazion : world engine
Flute for dummies
World beat : the sights, sounds and video of world music
The mystery of Magritte
Optical disc technology and European libraries : a study of user and technical requirements
1000 add one frame : videonetwork
On a silver platter : CD-ROMs and the promises of a new technology
CD-R/DVD : disc recording demystified
Super CD-ROM madness!
Going online and CD-ROM
How computers work
Geologic hazard photos
The photo CD book
Interactive chemistry journey
The life and music of Turlough O'Carolan
Bookshelf : British reference collection
Paul Cezanne : Meisterwerke aus dem Musée d'Orsay = Masterpieces from the Museo d'Orsay
Formerly available as 35 mm. slides, these images of volcano eruptions, earthquake damage, and a variety of other geologic hazards have been scanned to produce a machine-readable file.
Leonardo the inventor
What is scientology? : the comprehensive reference on the world's fastest growing religion ; Scientology : theology & practice of a contemporary religion : a reference work
The CD-ROM directory 1990
HELECON Nordic
Justis : Celex : official legal database of the European Communities
The Greenland summit ice cores CD-ROM : GISP2/GRIP
Insects : little creatures in a big world
Exploring earth science
9 : (Tuttle) T. Last and his outlandish organ
Just grandma and me
The Journeyman project
Wind power for the 21st century : the challenge of high wind power penetration for the new energy markets : proceedings of the International Conference, held at Kassel, Germany, 25-27 September 2000
Interaction of color : interactive CD-ROM edition
Civilization 2 : the ultimate version of the best selling strategy game
HyperStudio for terrified teachers
On the threshold of intercultural Alices
Word of mouth revisited
Face2face : pre-intermediate : student's book
Johannesburg summit 2002 : country profiles : national implementation of Agenda 21.
Finnmark 2003 : northern Norway
Interactive course of English : Flying colours 1-3. 1-3
The scientific and technical library CDROM
Ceremony of innecence : the mysterious correspondence of Griffin and Sabine
Sculpture city : the electronic fusion of art and architecture
Computing archive : bibliography and reviews from ACM
Mappæ encyclopædia : septentrionalium terrarum descriptio : the Nordic countries: Denmark, Finland, Iceland, Norway, Russia (Northwestern) and Sweden on maps, XV-XX centuries : map image collection from the thesaurus of the National Library of Russia in St.-Petersburg = Severnye strany na kartah : XV-XX vv., Daniâ, Islandiâ, Norvegiâ, Rossiâ (severo- zapad), Finlandiâ i Šveciâ : kollekciâ izobraženij iz Rossijskoj nacional'noj biblioteki v Sankt-Peterburge
Mother earth
Element : a collaborative multimedia project exploring dance, space, music and cultural identity
The CD-ROM guitar chord finder
Screamer 2.
Practical english series. 2, Small talk
EconLit : citations with selected abstracts of the world's economic literature compiled from the American Economic Association's Journal of economic literature
Artintact : CD-ROMagazin interaktiver Kunst : artists' interactive CD-ROMagazine
Bioinformatics made easy : an interactive guide brought to you by DoubleTwist.com
Practical english series. 1, Small talk
Architectural engineer's solutions suite : CD-ROM
Mantra mix : Tibetan refugee benefit album : plus bonus enhanced CD
Business periodicals index
Summer athletics
Myst : the surrealistic adventure that will become your world
Production of a company DVD and CD-ROM presentation
The 7th guest
PAIS international
BNB on CD-ROM
Multimedia discovery series
Official journal of the European Communities : Justis CD-ROM. C series
Tie fighter : collector's CD-ROM
Jump : the David Bowie interactive CD-ROM
CD-ROM collection builder's toolkit : the complete handbook of tools for evaluating CD-ROMs
Charles Rennie Mackintosh : art architecture and design
Civilization : call to power : for Linux
An introduction to digital media
For seven generations : an information legacy of the Royal Commission on Aboriginal Peoples = Pour sept gňřations : legs documentaire de la Commission royale sur les peuples autochtones
Xplora 1 : Peter Gabriels secret world
Lenk's laser handbook : featuring CD, CDV, and CD-ROM technology
Starship Titanic
Publish yourself on CD-ROM : mastering CDs for multimedia
Euromed heritage : creating a future that cares for the past : creer un avenir qui prend soin du passe
Glacial analysis : an interactive introduction
The Grammar ROM : Intermediate language study
Encarta 97 encyclopedia : the world's leading multimedia encyclopedia encyclopedia
Golden Russian : Russian language course on CD-ROM
Emile de Antonio's : painter's painting
Moshe Safdie : buildings and projects 1967-1992
String quartet in C major, K. 465, The "Dissonant"
Interactive 61 highway : interactive music CD-ROM
Arctic vegetation and soil database of organochlorine pesticides and PCBs in Alaska and Siberia
Explorer 3.04.. Chemistry : chemical kinetics
Proceedings of CIL17
CD-ROM : an annotated bibliography
Cosmology of Kyoto
Industry at work clipmedia 2.
English for everyone : kokoelma-DVD
No world order
From 1989 to 1994, the European and U.S. science communities acquired deep ice cores from on and near Greenland summit. These efforts, the Greenland Ice Sheet Project (GRIP), and the Greenland Ice Sheet Project 2 (GISP2), have provided a robust paleoenvironmental record for the international global change community. This CD-ROM is a compilation of the research results from both efforts.
CD-ROMS in print 1997 : an international guide to CD-ROM, CD-I, 3DO, MMCD, CD32, multimedia and electronic products
China discovery
The virtual physiology lab CD-ROM
Social sciences citation index
Encyclopaedia Britannica CD 98.
Treasures of Russia : introduction to Russian art = Sokroviŝa Rossii : vvedenie v russkoe iskusstvo
Comic book confidential
Earshot SFX : professional sound effects library for new media. Vol. 1
Perry's chemical engineers' handbook : CD-ROM
Exploring ancient architecture : walk through ancient wonders
Explorer 3.04.. Chemistry : chemical equilibrium
Virtual population analysis : a practical manual for stock assessment
Whitaker/Bowker Global Bookbank : Finder Service. 1996, January, February, March, April, May, June, July, August
The joy of cybersex : the underground guide to electronic erotica
Back from the dead
Practical english series. 3, Small talk
Contains the final report of the Royal Commission, thousands of pages of testimony, hundreds of research reports, and guides for developing native awareness curricula for high school and adult levels.
Holiday and special occasions illustrations : cd-rom and book
Biodiversity support program : a consortium of World Wildlife Fund, the Nature Conservancy, and World Resources Institute funded by the US Agency for International Development
The physiological origins of heart sounds and murmurs : the unique interactive guide to cardiac diagnosis
OECD health data = Eco-Santé OCDE. 1996
Iron helix
Itelmen language and culture = Itelmenskij âzyk i kultura
A hard day's night
BBC English zone : Intermediate
Ecological consequences of recreation on subarctic-alpine tundra : ecperimental assessment and predictive modelling as planning tools for sustainable visitor management in protected areas
Tracer : think fast ... or your next move may be your last
The challenge of sustainability : an action angenda for the global environment
Spaceship Warlock : an interactive movie on CD-ROM
Maps 'n' Facts : the comprehensive world atlas for the entire family
Freak show
Clicking on
