http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18375 infinity
infinity
Ad infinitum ... : the ghost in Turing's machine : taking God out of mathematics and putting the body back in : an essay in corporeal semiotics
Finitist critique on transfinity : an investigation of infinity, collection theory and continuum
Infinity
Constructive perspectives in inductive logic
Kant's critique of Spinoza
Everything and more : a compact history of infinity
Levinas's existential analytic : a commentary on Totality and infinity
Benacerraf and his critics
Everything and more : a compact history of [infinity]
The beauty of the infinite : the aesthetics of Christian truth
Philosophical perspectives on infinity
The gallery of the infinite
What the bleep do we (k)now!? : discovering the endless possibilities for altering your everyday reality
Science in theology : studies in the interaction between late medieval natural philosophy, logic and theology
Infinity and perspective
Mitä me oikeastaan tiedämme?! : What the bleep do we (k)now?!
Gallery of the Infinite is a mathematician's unique view of the infinitely many sizes of infinity. Written in a playful yet informative style, it introduces important concepts from set theory (including the Cantor Diagonalization Method and the Cantor-Bernstein Theorem) using colorful pictures, with little text and almost no formulas. It requires no specialized background and is suitable for anyone with an interest in the infinite, from advanced middle-school students to inquisitive adults.
"Writing with clear knowledge and affection for the subject, the author introduces and explores infinite sets, infinite cardinals, and ordinals, thus challenging the readers' intuitive beliefs about infinity. Requiring little mathematical training and a healthy curiosity, the book presents a user-friendly approach to ideas involving the infinite. Readers will discover the main ideas of infinite cardinals and ordinal numbers without experiencing in-depth mathematical rigor. Classic arguments and illustrative examples are provided throughout the book and are accompanied by a gradual progression of sophisticated notions designed to stun your intuitive view of the world. Infinity, we are told, is as large as things get. This is not entirely true. This book does not refer to infinities, but rather to cardinals. This is to emphasize the point that what you thought you knew about infinity is probably incorrect or imprecise. Since the reader is assumed to be educated in mathematics, but not necessarily mathematically trained, an attempt has been made to convince the reader of the truth of a matter without resorting to the type of rigor found in professional journals. Therefore, the author has accompanied the proofs with illustrative examples. The examples are often a part of a larger proof. Important facts are included and their proofs have been excluded if the author has determined that the proof is beyond the scope of the discussion. For example, it is assumed and not proven within the book that a collection of cardinals is larger than any set or mathematical object. The topics covered within the book cannot be found within any other one book on infinity, and the work succeeds in being the only book on infinite cardinals for the high school educated person. Topical coverage includes: logic and sets; functions; counting infinite sets; infinite cardinals; well ordered sets; inductions and numbers; prime numbers; and logic and meta-mathematics. "--
David Hume's critique of infinity
Linear functional analysis
Infinity : journey beyond death
Time & necessity : studies in Aristotle's theory of modality
Infinity : an outline of conceptions in mythology, cosmology and natural philosophy
Infinity and the mind : the science and philosophy of the infinite
Infinity and continuity in ancient and medieval thought
Structural and computational existence results for multidimensional subshifts
Finite versus infinite : contributions to an eternal dilemma
The art of the infinite : the pleasures of mathematics
What is a number? : mathematical concepts and their origins
Infinity of numbers : a complex concept to be learnt?
Mountain gloom and mountain glory : the development of the aesthetics of the infinite
The hidden reality : parallel universes and the deep laws of the cosmos
"'The infinite! No other question has ever moved so profoundly the spirit of man; no other idea has so fruitfully stimulated his intellect; yet no other concept stands in greater need of clarification than that of the infinite.' David Hilbert (1862-1943). This interdisciplinary study of infinity explores the concept through the prism of mathematics and then offers more expansive investigations in areas beyond mathematical boundaries to reflect the broader, deeper implications of infinity for human intellectual thought. More than a dozen world-renowned researchers in the fields of mathematics, physics, cosmology, philosophy, and theology offer a rich intellectual exchange among various current viewpoints, rather than a static picture of accepted views on infinity. The book starts with a historical examination of the transformation of infinity from a philosophical and theological study to one dominated by mathematics. It then offers technical discussions on the understanding of mathematical infinity. Following this, the book considers the perspectives of physics and cosmology: Can infinity be found in the real universe? Finally, the book returns to questions of philosophical and theological aspects of infinity"--Provided by publisher.
The infinite
Divine infinity in Greek and medieval thought
Reasoning with the infinite : from the closed world to the mathematical universe
Students' understanding of infinity
Paradoxes are arguments that lead from apparently true premises, via apparently uncontroversial reasoning, to a false or even contradictory conclusion. Paradoxes threaten our basic understanding of central concepts such as space, time, motion, infinity, truth, knowledge, and belief.
Special extreme value problems and extremum principles
In the beginning was the apeiron : infinity in Greek philosophy
Understanding the infinite
Algorithmic adventures : from knowledge to magic
The pleasures of pi, e and other interesting numbers
Infinity : new research frontiers
The beginning of infinity : explanations that transform the world
The mathematics of infinity : a guide to great ideas
A genealogy of nihilism : philosophies of nothing and the difference of theology
