http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18374 Aryans
Aryans
An illustrated Ardha-Magadhi dictionary : with Sanskrit, Gujarati, Hindi and English equivalents, references to the texts and copious quotations. Vol. 2
Indo-aryan from the Vedas to modern times
Studies in Indian grammarians. I, The method of description reflected in the Śivasūtras
The sibilants in old Indo-Aryan : a contribution to the history of a linguistic area
Some problems of sound change in Indo-Aryan
Digging for Hitler : the Nazi archaeologists search for an Aryan past
A comprehensive Sindhi dictionary : of classical & current Sindhi. Vol. 1-2
The Piśāca languages of North-Western India
Historical phonology of Old Indo-Aryan consonants
Critical studies in the phonetic observations of Indian grammarians
Situating Indian history for Sarvepalli Gopal
Aryans and British India
Date of R̥gveda and Aryan migration; critical study based on linguistic and archaeological evidence.
Emergence, contacts and dispersal of Proto-Indo-European, Proto-Uralic and Proto-Aryan in archaelogical perspective
The origin of Aryans : from Scythis to India
Aryan and non-Aryan in South Asia : evidence, interpretation and ideology
Aryan idols : Indo-European mythology as ideology and science
Pre-Aryan and Pre-Dravidian in India
Aryan invasion of India : the myth and the truth
Census of India 1971 : grammatical sketches of Indian languages with comparative vocabulary and texts
A comparative dictionary of the Indo-Aryan languages
Aryan culture in Assam
The collection of interdisciplinary essays in this book examines the speculative, linguistic, literary and artistic theories on signless ways of expressing meanings in the context of traditional Indian language and culture.
Papers included have been extensively revised, rewritten, and expanded; includes two papers not presented at the conference.
Themes and tasks in Old and Middle Indo-Aryan linguistics
The roots of Hinduism : the early Aryans and the Indus civilization
The Bhalesī dialect
The Aryanisation of India
Proto-new Indo-Aryan
Finns in the shadow of the "Aryans" : race theories and racism
Studies in Indian history and culture
The structure and development of Middle Indo-Aryan dialects
Languages and cultures : studies in honor of Edgar C. Polomé
Grammar of the Sindhi language : compared with the Sanskrit-Prakrit and the cognate Indian vernaculars
The Indo-Aryans of ancient South Asia : language, material culture and ethnicity
Languages of South Asia : a guide
Syntactic studies of Indo-Aryan languages
Theory and practice of ethnography : readings from the periphery
The Aryan debate
Rajbanshi grammar and interlinearized text
Historical syntax of middle indo-aryan
The Dardic and Nuristani languages
The yearbook of South Asian languages and linguistics 2001 : Tokyo Symposium on South Asian Languages Contact, Convergence and Typology
An illustrated Ardha-Magadhi dictionary : with Sanskrit, Gujarati, Hindi and English equivalents, references to the texts and copious quotations. Vol. 3
Early India and Pakistan to Ashoka
The problem of the Aryans and the Soma : textual-linguistic and archaeological evidence
The Indo-Aryan languages
Pūrvāparaprajñābhinandanam : East and West, past and present : indological and other essays in honour of Klaus Karttunen
A reference grammar of Maithili
The quest for the origins of Vedic culture : the Indo-Aryan migration debate
Early Indo-Uralic linguistic relationships : real kinship and imagined contacts
The culture and civilisation of ancient India in historical outline
Anthology of didactic poems in Hindi; with editorial introduction.
The archaeology of protohistoric Central Asia and the problems of identifying Indo-European and Uralic-Speaking population
Linguistic archaeology of South Asia
"This pioneering study derives Hinduism from the traditions brought to South Asia by Aryan-speaking pastoralists from the Eurasian steppes and those of the Indus Civilization, reconstructed from its visual and inscriptional remains and from West Asian and classical/modern South Asian sources"--
Syntax of Apabhramśa
A comparative dictionary of the Indo-Aryan languages. Indexes
The Panjabi language : a descriptive grammar
Socio-cultural approach to tribal languages : (an historico comparative dictionary of Halbi : the lingua franca of Aryan, Dravidian and Munda languages)
A comparative dictionary of the Indo-Aryan languages. Addenda and corrigenda
Aryan tribes and the Rigveda : a search for identity
Old and new perspectives on South Asian languages : grammar and semantics
An illustrated Ardha-Magadhi dictionary : with Sanskrit, Gujarati, Hindi and English equivalents, references to the texts and copious quotations. Vol. 5
An illustrated Ardha-Magadhi dictionary : with Sanskrit, Gujarati, Hindi and English equivalents, references to the texts and copious quotations. Vol. 4
"Hinduism has two major roots. The more familiar is the religion brought to South Asia in the second millennium BCE by speakers of Aryan or Indo-Iranian languages, a branch of the Indo-European language family. Another, more enigmatic, root is the Indus civilization of the third millennium BCE, which left behind exquisitely carved seals and thousands of short inscriptions in a long-forgotten pictographic script. Discovered in the valley of the Indus River in the early 1920s, the Indus civilization had a population estimated at one million people, in more than 1000 settlements, several of which were cities of some 50,000 inhabitants. With an area of nearly a million square kilometers, the Indus civilization was more extensive than the contemporaneous urban cultures of Mesopotamia and Egypt. Yet, after almost a century of excavation and research the Indus civilization remains little understood.How might we decipher the Indus inscriptions? What language did the Indus people speak? What deities did they worship? Asko Parpola has spent fifty years researching the roots of Hinduism to answer these fundamental questions, which have been debated with increasing animosity since the rise of Hindu nationalist politics in the 1980s. In this pioneering book, he traces the archaeological route of the Indo-Iranian languages from the Aryan homeland north of the Black Sea to Central, West, and South Asia. His new ideas on the formation of the Vedic literature and rites and the great Hindu epics hinge on the profound impact that the invention of the horse-drawn chariot had on Indo-Aryan religion. Parpola's comprehensive assessment of the Indus language and religion is based on all available textual, linguistic and archaeological evidence, including West Asian sources and the Indus script.The results affirm cultural and religious continuity to the present day and, among many other things, shed new light on the prehistory of the key Hindu goddess Durga and her Tantric cult"--
Comparative grammar of middle indo-aryan
Prehistoric Finno-Ugric culture in the light of historical lexicology
The master plan : Himmler's scholars and the Holocaust
Language history of the Kamta and Cooch Behar Religion
Indian linguistic studies : festschrift in honor of George Cardona
An illustrated Ardha-Magadhi dictionary : with Sanskrit, Gujarati, Hindi and English equivalents, references to the texts and copious quotations. Vol. 1
Orientalism and race : Aryanism in the British Empire
A grammar of Domari
Arktos : the polar myth in science, symbolism, and Nazi survival
Aryan invasion myth, a threat to national integrity : Mughalastan, Dalitstan movements - ISI & terrorism in India
The Prakrit Dhātv-ādēśas : according to the Western and Eastern schools of Prakrit grammarians
Celts and Aryans : survivals of Indo-European speech and society
The Indo-Aryan controversy : evidence and inference in Indian history
Alignment and ergativity in New Indo-Aryan languages
A Saurashtra-English dictionary
A historical syntax of late middle Indo-Aryan (Apabhraṁśa)
A grammar of Oriya
Ideology and status of Sanskrit : contributions to the history of the Sanskrit language
The formation of the Maithilī language
A critical Pāli dictionary
The Aryan problem, a linguistic approach
Historical linguistics of Indo-Aryan languages
Contributed articles on Sanskrit grammar, mostly by western authors.
The major languages of South Asia, the Middle East and Africa
Morphology and syntax of Old Hindi : edition and analysis of one hundred Kabir Vani poems from Rajasthan
Hitler's priestess : Savitri Devi, the Hindu-Aryan myth, and neo-Nazism
A comparative grammar of the modern Aryan languages of India : to wit, Hindi, Punjabi, Sindhi, Gujarati, Marathi, Oriya and Bengali
Asoka text and glossary
The Aryans : a study of Indo-European origins
A syntactic study of old Indo-Aryan : (with data from Taittir−iya Br−ahmaṇa)
An English-Konkani dictionary
A historical grammar of Ardhamāgadhī
The banyan tree : essays on early literature in new Indo-Aryan languages : proceedings of the Seventh International Conference on Early Literature in New Indo-Aryan Languages, Venice, 1997
Dhivehi (Maldivian)
Prākṛta-prakāśa of Vararuchi : with Bhāmaha's commentary Manoramā
Contributed articles presented at an international conference organized by School of Humanities and School of Social Science, University of Hyderabad in July 3-5, 2007.
Signless signification in ancient India and beyond
