http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18328 Egyptians
Egyptians
Handbook of Egyptian mythology
A handbook of ancient religions
Sinuhe at 60.
Books of the dead : manuals for living and dying : with 148 illustrations, 16 in colour
The Nile mosaic of Palestrina : early evidence of Egyptian religion in Italy
The past in the past : concepts of past reality in ancient Near Eastern and early Greek thought
Egypt : a quick guide to customs and etiquette
Galactic alignment : the transformation of consciousness according to Mayan, Egyptian, and Vedic traditions
Against ideology
Despite major movements for change, in practice archaeologists still pursue the past to the exclusion of the present inhabitants of archaeological landscapes. Archaeological archives hold a key to the formation of archaeology as a separate study, but they may be overlooked in current debates on ethics in archaeology and anthropology. This study focuses on the great archive that records the work of Flinders Petrie in Egypt, first in 1880-1882 under a nationalist government, and then during the English military occupation that lasted from 1882 until after his death in 1942. The archive brings to life the main Egyptian supervisors who enabled Petrie to function as an archaeologist, while payroll lists record the names of hundreds more men and children on the full labour force. None of these Egyptians have received recognition as an archaeologist in history-writing, foreign or Egyptian. This archival ground offers a new open resource to those within Egypt and elsewhere opposed to the neo-colonial regime of the disciplines.
Black Athena writes back : Martin Bernal responds to his critics
The solitary Sinuhe : Waltari and the periodic turn of the literature of the 1940s
Verbs indicating taking in Finnish and in English : a semantic study based on Mika Waltari's novel Sinuhe egyptil채inen and its English translation Sinuhe the Egyptian
The illustrated Egyptian book of the dead
A comparative study of syntactic structures in Mika Waltari's Sinuhe egyptil채inen and its English translation by Naomi Walford
Metaphor and repetition as involvement strategies in Mika Waltari's Sinuhe egyptil채inen and its English translation The Egyptian
Metaphors as culture-specific components of language in Sinuhe egyptil채inen and their treatment in the English translation The Egyptian
Expressions of manner and means in Finnish and English
Pattern book of Egyptian designs : 36 leadlight designs
Awful Egyptians
Hidden hands : Egyptian workforces in Petrie excavation archives, 1880-1924
The Oxford companion to the year
Red Nile : a biography of the world's greatest river
Who built the pyramids?
Egyptian scarabs and seal amulets from the collection of Sigmund Freud
Manners and customs af the modern Egyptians
The complete gods and goddesses of ancient Egypt
Manners and customs of the modern Egyptians
Pachomian koinonia : the lives, rules and other writings of Saint Pachomius and his disciples. Vol. 2, Pachomian chronicles and rules
Saint Macarius, the spiritbearer : coptic texts relating to Saint Macarius the Great
Lives of the ancient Egyptians
Culture shock and intercultural adaptation : an ethnography of egyptians in the United States
The book of thoth : a short essay on the Tarot of the Egyptians being the Equinox volume III no. V
The world of johann strauss lp 95
Black Athena revisited
Secrets according to Humphrey
Egypt : from prehistory to the Romans
Whatever happened to the Egyptians? : changes in Egyptian society from 1950 to the present
Faravid. 27. 2003 : Pohjois-Suomen historiallisen yhdistyksen vuosikirja = acta Societatis historicae Finlandiae septentrionalis
A comprehensive and authoritative illustrated guide to the deities that lay at the heart of Ancient Egyptian religion and society. It examines the evolution, worship and eventual decline of a huge pantheon, from minor figures such as Bas, Babi, Ba-Pef and Taweret to the all-powerful Osiris, Amun, Hathor, Isis and Re. The author considers the differing manifestations, iconography and cult centres of the deities and their fluctuating popularity. He also examines levels of worship, from the king's formal rituals and festivals to popular access and personal piety. The accompanying photographs and drawings depict tomb paintings, temple reliefs, statues and other iconography.
Summaries
In this collection of twenty essays, leading scholars in a broad range of disciplines confront the claims made by Martin Bernal in Black Athena: The Afroasiatic Roots of Classical Civilization. In that work, Bernal proposed a radical reinterpretation of the roots of classical civilization, contending that ancient Greek culture derived from Egypt and Phoenicia and that European scholars have been biased against the notion of Egyptian and Phoenician influence on Western civilization. The contributors to this volume argue that Bernal's claims are exaggerated and in many cases unjustified. Topics covered include race and physical anthropology; the question of an Egyptian invasion of Greece; the origins of Greek language, philosophy, and science; and racism and anti-Semitism in classical scholarship. In the conclusion to the volume, the editors propose an entirely new scholarly framework for understanding the relationship between the cultures of the ancient Near East and Greece and the origins of Western civilization.
Tutankhamun : the last secret
How would you survive as an ancient Egyptian
Pachomian koinonia : the lives, rules, and other writings of Saint Pachomius and his disciples. Volume 1, The life of Saint Pachomius and his disciples
The hidden treasures of Egypt
Egyptian Museum, Cairo
The historical encyclopedia of costume
Egypt : the book of chaos
Four desert fathers : Pambo, Evagrius, Macarius of Egypt, and Macarius of Alexandria : coptic texts relating to the lausiac history of Palladius
The search for God in ancient Egypt
The Legion
Life and times in Ancient Egypt
Moses the Egyptian : the memory of Egypt in western monotheism
Finnish summary.
The Macarian legacy : the place of Macarius-Symeon in the Eastern Christian tradition
The ancient Egyptians
The blood crows
Egypt, trunk of the tree. Vol. 1, The contexts
Egypt : the world of the Pharaohs
Myths and civilization of the ancient Egyptians
Poland : on politics, culture, literature and education : Papers from the 1st Finnish-Polish seminar held 21.03.2002, Tampere
New kingdom pharaonic sites. [2], The finds and the sites
Power, politics and the cults of Isis : proceedings of the Vth International Conference of Isis Studies, Boulogne-sur-Mer, October 13-15, 2011 (organised in cooperation with Jean-Louis Podvin)
New kingdom pharaonic sites. [3], The finds and the sites
See inside ancient Egypt
