http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18379 examples
examples
Asking questions in biology : a guide to hypothesis-testing, analysis and presentation in practical work and research
A decision aid and choice of treatment among women with heavy menstrual bleeding
The mobility of radio listening : the transition of radio as a medium and its significance to listeners in Finland
Health management information system evaluation : lesson from Tanzania
Essentials of assessment report writing
Standing stones : Stonehenge, Carnac and the world of megaliths
The director's idea : the path to great directing
Dimensions of expertise in family therapeutic process
Healing heritage : Paul Nordoff exploring the tonal language of music
Abstract: Development and evaluation of a model of intensive care nursing.
Business mathematics
"Business-to-business customer expectations have changed. To survive—and thrive—in today's economy, where customers are constantly reevaluating their purchases and looking at options never available before, you need to deliver business outcomes, not features and functionality. Suddenly, your “sale” is no longer a one-time event: it's a relationship that demands continuous care and nurturing. You need to constantly deliver, measure, and demonstrate the value you create for your customers. Like it or not, it's your job to make sure your customers succeed—and keep on succeeding—with what you've sold them. That job has a name: “Customer Success.” -- Delivering customer success means radically changing the way you engage with customers—from sales, to marketing, to engineering and support. This book gives you a complete framework for doing just that. Step by step, you'll learn how to make sure your customers are achieving business outcomes from your offerings...now, next year, and for years to come. -- Embed customer success in your organizational DNA, in 3 steps: -- Listen:Truly understand what it means for your customers to succeed with your offerings -- Engage:Start a productive dialogue, collaborate to solve problems, and promote awareness of the value you create -- Ensure:Innovate to deliver on your promises, prove it to the customer, and build retention "--
The social and cultural determinants of the use of contraception among married Somali women living in Finland
Classical drawing atelier : a contemporary guide to traditional studio practice
Language Learning with Technology is for teachers interested in integrating technology into their classroom practice. The book contains 150 classroom activities for beginner to advanced level learners, incorporating a wide range of up-to-date technologies, such as mobile technologies and social networking. It puts pedagogy first, with the content organised around areas of language learning rather than technology types. Chapters cover language skills and the language areas of grammar, pronunciation and vocabulary, as well as project work and assessment and evaluation.
Home respiratory care : implementation of policy and practice
Social media at work : / how networking tools propel organizational performance
Poka-yoke : improving product quality by preventing defects
Eyewitness identification : a system handbook
Classical painting atelier : a contemporary guide to traditional studio practice
The eco-social approach in social work and the challenges to the expertise of social work
The pencil playbook : 44 exercises for mesmerizing, marking, and making magical art with your pencil
How 30 great ads were made : from idea to campaign
"Today, engaging customer advocates is one of the most powerful marketing strategies available to you. Advocates provide third-party validation and positive relevance; build and protect brands, and create exceptionally effective content to influence buyer decisions. Sales teams enjoy the benefits of advocates, too, through case studies, referrals/introductions, and assistance in securing renewals. -- Advocate Marketing: Strategies for Building Buzz, Leveraging Customer Satisfaction and Creating Relationships shows CMOs, business development leaders, and customer success professionals, and sales executives exactly how to leverage this powerful approach. Barbara Thomas helps you make the business case, outlines the strategic requirements, and presents powerful best practices and case studies. You'll learn from the experience of recognized leaders in advocacy marketing, from Intel and Citrix to Sirius Decisions, Influitive, Reputation Advocates, Boulder Logic, and RO/Innovations. -- Most important, Thomas introduces a systematic, five-step strategy for leveraging this powerful opportunity. You'll discover how to: -- Build a complete strategic plan for advocate marketing -- Define best-practice program processes and policies -- Establish internal resources, team, organizations, and budgets -- Choose and integrate the right technology and tools -- Establish and apply the right KPI metrics and analytics -- What others say about you carries far more weight than anything you can say about yourself. Advocate Marketing will help you transform that simple reality into a powerful competitive advantage"--
Winningham's critical thinking cases in nursing : medical-surgical, pediatric, maternity, and psychiatric
Electric machines and drivers : fundamentals and calculation examples for beginners
Heritage values in site management : four case studies
Abstract: Reinforcing and sharing emotions: developing a theoretical construct of nurse-patient interaction.
Expectations of elderly people on the nurse-client relationship and interaction in home care : "When I see the nurse's smiling face it feels likes sunshine on a rainy and gloomy day"
Mobile messages : young people and a new communication culture
Managing the challenges in human service organizations : a casebook
Research methodology : a step-by-step guide for beginners
"This book takes readers behind the scenes in the world of advertising. It looks at key advertising campaigns from the last ten years, examining how they were developed. Technical information on how the ads were created is accompanied by anecdotes from the creatives, directors, and clients, with accounts of how the ads were made and the problems encountered along the way...As well as offering an insight into the working practices within advertising, this book also demonstrates how the industry is currently experiencing a period of rapid change, and shows the different skills that are now required to work in advertising."--inside cover
Influencing policy processes : lessons from experience
Making sense of women managers' identities through the constructions of managerial career and gender
Decision-making in end-of-life care : influence of physicians' trainig, experience and personal characteristics
Growing up Vietnamese in Finland : looking back 12 years later : the well-being and sociocultural adaptation of Vietnamese as children or adolescents and as young adults
Secrets of 5-axis machining
Imitation and education : a philosophical inquiry into learning by example
Foundation maths
Social media for trainers : / techniques for enhancing and extending learning
Environmental entrepreneurship : markets meet the environment in unexpected places
Probability and statistics with R
Adopted at more than 1,000 colleges and universities worldwide, Leadership: Theory and Practice 7e owes its success to the unique way in which it combines an academically robust account of the major theories and models of leadership with an accessible style and practical exercises that help students apply what they learn.
Design of steel structures (for students of B.E./B.Tech)
Advocate marketing: strategies for building buzz, leveraging customer satisfaction, and creating relationships
Trends in sexual life : measured by national sex surveys in Finland in 1971, 1992 and 1999, and a comparison to a sex survey in St. Petersburg in 1996
Designing for user engagement on the web : 10 basic principles
Best practice cases in branding : lessons from the world's strongest brands
The accumulation of problems of social functioning : outer, inner, and behavioral strands
Abstract.
Steel building design : worked examples for students
Advanced engineering mathematics
Key concepts in learning disabilities
Finnish and Spanish families in converging Europe
Abstract: Health behaviour and health among the Finnish adult population, spring 2008.
On leadership
Can a city be sustainable?
Summary.
Drinking patterns among Finnish fourteen year-olds from 1977 to 1999
Advanced structural dynamics and active control of structures
Cities are the world's future. Today, more than half of the global population lives in urban areas, and that number is expected to double by 2050. There is no question that cities are growing; the only debate is over how they will grow. Will we invest in the physical and social infrastructure necessary for livable, equitable, and sustainable cities? In the latest edition of State of the World, the flagship publication of the Worldwatch Institute, experts from around the globe examine the core principles of sustainable urbanism and profile cities that are putting these principles into practice. From Portland, Oregon to Ahmedabad, India, local people are acting to improve their cities, even when national efforts are stalled. Issues examined range from the nitty-gritty of handling waste and developing public transportation to civic participation and navigating dysfunctional government. Throughout, readers discover the most pressing challenges facing communities and the most promising solutions currently being developed. The result is a snapshot of cities today and a vision for global urban sustainability tomorrow. -- Back cover.
The health related problems of Somali female circumcision and prospects for future changes : a survey in Somali women living in Finland
Organic chemistry : study guide and solutions manual
Designing for the common good : a handbook for innovators, designers, and other people
Privacy in occupational health care : ethical examination
A guide to the megaliths of Europe
Cases in leadership
Abstract: Multidimensional and multiprofessional co-operation in changing conditions - a study on mental work in primary health care.
The materiality of stone : explorations in landscape phenomenology 1
Johnson's and Webster's verbal exemples : with special reference to exemplifying usage in dictionary entries
Influence of transport infrastructure on nature
Special extreme value problems and extremum principles
Leadership : theory and practice
Art of X-ray reading : how the secrets of 25 great works of literature will improve your writing
Empowerment : a challenge of non-governmental organizations in development cooperation partnerships
Adolescents' subjective well-being in their social contexts
The power of example : anthropological explorations in persuasion, evocation, and imitation
Ethnic minority member perspective on leader-member exchange
Summary (s. 64-71).
Cultural images of a good mother and a good father in three generations
Self-determination in psychiatric patients
Psychosocial conceptual practice models in occupational therapy : building adaptive capability
Oath breaker
Language learning with technology : ideas for integrating technology in the classroom
Behavioral support
Financial autonomy of professional higher education institutions : the Finnish AMKs in an international context
Enclosure masonry wall systems worldwide : typical masonry wall enclosures in Belgium, Brazil, China, France, Germany, Greece, India, Italy, Nordic Countries, Poland, Portugal, The Netherlands and U.S.A
Competing for customers: why delivering business outcomes is critical in the customer first revolution
Creative philanthropy : towards a new philanthropy for the twenty-first century
Mechanical vibrations
Stonehenge and neighbouring monuments
The lives of prehistoric monuments in Iron Age, Roman and medieval Europe
Soil chemistry
From citizen participation towards community empowerment : an analysis on health promotion from citizen perspective
