http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18334 Vietnam War
Vietnam War
Chinese aggression against Vietnam
Vietnam war stories : innocence lost
The Vietnam war : a concise international history
A Vietcong memoir
The long count
Paholaislentäjät : Flight of the Intruder
Armies of the Vietnam war 1962-75
Big story : how the American press and television reported and interpreted the crisis of tet 1968 in Vietnam and Washington
The Vietnam war and international law : American Society of International law. Vol. 2
Viet Nam, destruction, war damage
US Navy A-1 Skyraider units of the Vietnam war
The role of presidential advisory systems in US foreign policy-making : the case of the National Security Council and Vietnam, 1953-1961
Vietnam by Hollywood : three Hollywood films as narratives of history
Vietnam-Kampuchea 1979 : an eye - witness report
Responsibility and response
The remasculinization of America : gender and the Vietnam War
The Vietnam reader
People's war against U.S. aero-naval war
Hearts in Atlantis
The Pentagon papers as published by the New York Times
The lost peace : America's search for a negotiated settlement of the Vietnam war
The speed of light
Sights on the sixties
Vietnam since the fall of Saigon
A good scent from a strange mountain
Last day in Vietnam : a memory
Without remorse
American literature and the experience of Vietnam
'68. Volume 1. : Better run through the jungle
Modern warplanes : a technical survey of the world's most significant combat aircraft in sevice
The Vietnam war and international law : American Society of International law. [1]
Green Berets : Unconventional Warriors
The war behind me : Vietnam veterans confront the truth about U.S. war crimes
A model American
Foreign relations of the United States. 1964-1968, 1, Vietnam 1964
Born on the fourth of July
Fire in the lake : the Vietnamese and the Americans in Vietnam
The United States and the Vietnam War : a selective guide to materials at the British Library
The Vietnam war and international law : the widening context : American Society of International law. Vol. 3
US Navy A-7 Corsair II units of the Vietnam war
The Vietnam war and international law : the concluding phase : American Society of International law. Vol. 4
The history of Vietnam
A short history of the Vietnam War
Genocide with herbicides : report - analysis - evidence
When heaven and earth changed places : a Vietnamese woman's journey from war to peace
The sentimentalists
The two Viet-Nams : a political and military analysis
The lotus eaters
The victorious Tay Nguyen campaign
Battleground Vietnam : war in the jungle
Papers on the war
Vietnam : it happened in front of our very eyes = s'est produit sous nos yeux = vor unseren augen geschehen = é successo a nostra vista d'occhio
From Nuremberg to My Lai
Army of the Republic of Vietnam 1955-75
Matterhorn : a novel of the Vietnam war
The war within : America's battle over Vietnam
By the early 1970s, President John F. Kennedy has survived several assassination attempts and--martyred, heroic--is now in his third term. Twenty-two-year-old Eugene Allen returns home from his tour of duty in Vietnam and begins to write a war novel--a book echoing Catch-22 and Slaughterhouse-Five--about veterans who have their battlefield experiences "enfolded," wiped from their memories through drugs and therapy. In Eugene's fictive universe, veterans too damaged to be enfolded stalk the American heartland, reenacting atrocities on civilians and evading the Psych Corps, a federal agency dedicated to upholding the mental hygiene of the nation by any means necessary.This alternative America, in which a veteran tries to reimagine a damaged world, is the subject of Hystopia, the long-awaited first novel by David Means. The critic James Wood has written that Means's language "offers an exquisitely precise and sensuous register of an often crazy American reality." Means brings this talent to bear on the national trauma of the Vietnam era in a work that is outlandish, ruefully funny, and shockingly violent. Written in conversation with some of the greatest war narratives from the Iliad to the Rolling Stones' "Gimme Shelter," Hystopia is a unique and visionary novel -
When ordinary men do evil : lessons from My Lai and beyond
The lost crusade : America in Vietnam
Vietnam and the United States
Children and war : political socialization to international conflict
Nam : the Vietnam War in the words of the men and women who fought there
The last photograph
The headmaster's wager
Portrait of the enemy
Vietnam : anatomy of a conflict
Tham sat mau than o Hue : tuyen tap - tai lieu = The massacre at Hue = documention
Tree of smoke
The Concise Illustrated Book of Top Gun Aircraft
Selected writings
Hollywood's Vietnam
Triumph forsaken : the Vietnam war, 1954-1965
America's longest war : the United States and Vietnam 1950-1975
The Chinese aggression : why and how it failed
In the enemy's net : memoirs from the Revolution
Hands off Vietnam! : International Emergency Conference in support of Vietnam, Helsinki, March 6-8, 1979
Vietnam War bibliography : selected from Cornell University's Echols Collection
The limits of intervention : (an inside account of how the Johnson policy of escalation in Vietnam was reversed)
Into the storm : a study in command
Matterhorn : a novel of the Vietnam War
Fire in the lake : Insurgency in Vietnam
The Indochina war in 1972 : reports presented to the Third Session of the International Commission of Enquiry into U.S. Crimes in Indochina October 10-16, 1972.
Time to hunt
China's hostility to Vietnam : a historical review of Sino-VIetnamese relations
The other side
The Son My mass slaying
The Vietnam war : the illustrated history of the conflict in Southest Asia
The girl in the picture : the remarkable story of Vietnam's most famous casualty
