http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18307 Babylonians
Babylonians
Renal and rectal disease texts
Who were the Babylonians?
Mythology and mythologies : methodological approaches to intercultural influences : proceedings of the Second Annual Symposium of the Assyryan and Babylonian Intellectual Heritage Project held in Paris, France, October 4-7, 1999
The Encyclopedia of ancient civilizations
The past in the past : concepts of past reality in ancient Near Eastern and early Greek thought
In this comprehensive study, Horowitz examines all of the extant Mesopotamian texts (both Sumerian and Akkadian) relating to the ideas of the physical universe and its constituent parts (Heaven, Earth, subterranean waters, underworld). The author shows that the Mesopotamian view of the universe was at once cohesive as well as discordant and deficient, while remaining fairly constant over more than 2,500 years. Horowitz first surveys the various sources for Mesopotamian cosmic geography, including various mythological and literary texts, as well as the famous "Babylonian Map of the World" and various astrological and astronomical texts. The universe was built by the gods in earliest times and was thought to be held together by cosmic bonds. Given this general notion, there is nevertheless significant variety in the inclusion or omission of various elements of the picture in texts of different genres and from different periods. In addition, the available evidence leaves a number of problems unsolved. What are the bounds of the universe? What is beyond the limits of the universe? In the second section of the book, Horowitz then discusses each of the various regions and their names in various locales and time periods, drawing on the disparate sources to show where there is coherence and where there is difference of perspective. In addition, he discusses all of the names for the different parts of the universe and examines the geographies of each region. Of importance for both Assyriologists and those interested in the history of ideas, particularly the cosmologies of the ancient Near East.
Lingering over words : studies in ancient Near Eastern literature in honor of William L. Moran
Sex and gender in the ancient Near East : proceedings of the 47th Recontre Assyriologique Internationale, Helsinki, July 2-6, 2001
The household utensils of the Sumerians and Babylonians
Sex and gender in the ancient Near East : proceedings of the 47th Rencontre Assyriologique Internationale, Helsinki, July 2-6, 2001
The sky-god, An-Anu
Treasures of the Iraq Museum
Family religion in Babylonia, Syria and Israel : continuity and change in the forms of religious life
The ancient Near East : historical sources in translation
A remarkable collection of Babylonian mathematical texts
The Babylonians : an introduction
The ancient civilizations of the world, the first social structures in which culture and religion were born, are the subject of this comprehensive, wide-ranging encyclopedia. The work of over thirty international experts, including Colin Renfrew, O.R. Gurney, Richard Leakey and many other leading academics in the field of ancient history, 'The Penguin Encyclopedia of Ancient Civilizations' provides a fascinating overview of the prehistoric world and a detailed analysis of separate ancient civilizations. The art, architecture, language, mythology and chronology of early societies as diverse as ancient Egypt, Troy, India, West Asia, South America and Europe are fully discussed, and there is a special section of references for further reading. Structured to enable the reader to draw together contemporary events and to locate geographically connected civilizations, like those that flourished in Mesopotamia, the encyclopedia contains over 300 illustrations and twenty-eight maps.
Selected babylonian business and legal documents of the Ḫammurabi period
Studia Etanaica : new texts and discussions
Babylonian business transactions of the first millenium B. C.
A dictionary of ancient Near Eastern mythology
The sky-god An-Anu
They wrote on clay : the Babylonian tablets speak today
Babylonians and Assyrians : life and customs
The oldest stories in the world
Studies on war in the ancient Near East : collected essays on military history
The Kassite glyptic of Nippur
Aspects of Babylonian celestial divination : the lunar eclipse tablets of Enūma Anu Enlil
The mythology of kingship in Neo-Assyrian art
Tradition and Innovation in the Ancient Near East : proceedings of the 57th Rencontre Assyriologique Internationale at Rome 4-8 July 2011
Diagnoses in Assyrian and Babylonian medicine : ancient sources, translations, and modern medical analyses
Sex and gender in the ancient Near East : proceedings of the 47th Rencontre Assyriologique Internationale, Helsinki, July 2-6, 2001.. Part 2
Early Babylonian personal names from the published tablets of the so-called Hammurabi dynasty (B.C. 2000)
Sex and gender in the ancient Near East : proceedings of the 47th Rencontre Assyriologique Internationale, Helsinki, July 2-6, 2001.. Part 1
Sumerian and Babylonian psalms
Economy and society in northern Babylonia in the early old Babylonian period (ca. 2000-1800 BC)
Selected business documents of the Neo-Babylonian period
City as lofty as heaven : Arbela and other cities in Neo-Assyrian prophecy
Handbook to life in ancient Mesopotamia
Oaths and curses : a study in neo- and late Babylonian legal formulary
The Bārû rituals
The messenger in the ancient Semitic world
Babylon : Mesopotamia and the birth of civilization
Daily life in ancient Mesopotamia
The Amarna letters
The seven wonders of the ancient world
