http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1836 work comfort
work comfort
Motivation factors enabling positive deviance at workplace
Well-being : productivity and happiness at work
The usability of the Schaffer job satisfaction test in nursing school applicant selection 2
Employee Motivation at Tommy Bartlett, Inc.
Efficient, more efficient, exhausted : finding[s] of Finnish quality of work life surveys 1977-1997
Summary in Finnish.
Life in organizations : workplaces as people experience them
Job satisfaction : application, assessment, cause and consequences
Stress in teaching
The no asshole rule : building a civilised workplace and surviving one that isn't
Burn-out : stages of disillusionment in the helping professions
The three signs of a miserable job : a fable for managers (and their employees)
Mental Well-being at Work : A Sign of a Healthy Organisation and a Necessary Precondition for Organisational Development
Job satisfaction at Kymppi-Eristys Oy
How to make work fun! : an alphabet of possibilities..
Life of work : what office design can learn from the world around us
The twin star book : a solution-focused approach to improving the psychosocial environment of the work place
Is the quality of working life improving? : how can you tell? And who wants to know?
Work attitudes and labor market experience : evidence from the national longitudinal surveys
Strategic reward : how organizations add value through reward
Organizational behavior : essentials for improving performance and commitment
Job creation and quality of working life
The progress principle : using small wins to ignite joy, engagement, and creativity at work
Industrial jobs and the worker : an investigation of response to task attributes
Measuring employee service orientation in restaurant setting
The affluent worker. [1], Industrial attitudes and behaviour
Automation and industrial workers : a cross-national comparison of fifteen countries : volume 2
Job satisfaction in Finland : some results from the European Community Household panel 1996-2001
Attrition in Swedish forestry work 1986-1990 : extent and causes
"Here I could say what I probably wouldn't have said elsewhere" : teachers' peer group as a narrative environment.
Bossy and autocratic superiors. Non-managers - lax, lazy or unassertive in their work. Difficult personalities, piggy-backers, bullies and avengers - the styles of work behavior are many. Neglect of client needs, maltreatment and maximisation of personal benefit. Unresolved conflicts. The problems are prevalent and familiar. Why is nothing done about them? The answer is the Evil Eleven Syndrome. The book describes the dark side of workplaces, weakening both wellbeing and performance. The theoretical frame of reference is the X Efficiency theory of organisational economics. With the help of this innovative theory it is possible to explain, conceptualise and understand phenomena that traditional economic theory does not address. The book examines organisational inefficiency from the perspective of human decision-making, work behaviour and pressures. The individual level is important, because organisational performance is based on the productivity of work.
Mindfulness at work for dummies
High job demands, low job control, low support : social work practice realities in public social services in Crete
Occupational burnout : how do hotel frontline department heads perceive it?
The payroll administration insourcing process
The usability of the Schaffer job satisfaction test in nursing school applicant selection : (1)
Multilevel organizational intervention in a health care organization
World of workcraft : rediscovering motivation and engagement in the digital workplace
General mental ability as related to school, work and health : the importance of childhood mental ability for work-related factors among middle-aged women and men
Towards the measurement of work satisfaction
The purpose of this thesis is to determine factors that lead to a successful insourcing process. The insourcing process has been finalized and is functioning. The objectives of the thesis are to determine what the factors are that makes the outsourcing a bad option for Clinic D. And at the same time it determines what the factors that make the insourcing process tangible are. The author has used methodology that supports both the qualitative and quantitative research method. Interviews with department supervisors and questioning employees with the help of a questionnaire will help understand outsourcing and insourcing better. Outsourcing has been a trend for a long time and it is still going on. But organizations are realizing that not all operations, departments, tasks and projects are suitable for outsourcing and they are reconsidering their position. Many do decide to insource and the author wants to help these organizations to make a successful decision based on good research. Taking into account many things in this process is important as it is a great step in an organizations function. one need to weigh out all the options, pros and cons that in the end leads to the final decision. One needs to consider the whole organization when deciding such a change as it will affect the whole organization, not only the insourcing department or section. The results of the research have been positive and will be a good example for other organizations considering a similar transaction. This will show what the result of the insourcing process has done to the clinic and what affect it has had.
Joy at work : a revolutionary approach to fun on the job
The drama-free office : a guide to healthy collaboration with your team, coworkers, and boss
Main motivation theories in working environment analysis
The making of scientific management. Volume 3, The Hawthorne investigations
Work motivation and satisfaction : case study, Top-Sport Oy
Type A behavior as a moderating factor in the link between job stressors and job satisfaction
Creating the best place to work in Finland
Improving employee health and well-being
The complete guide to recruitment : a step-by-step approach to selecting, assessing and hiring the right people
Why work sucks and how to fix it : the results-only revolution
Meaning at work
The great workplace : how to build it, how to keep it, and why it matters
The effect of internal marketing activities on hotel industry : case study: Finnish hotel industry
Influencing work engagement in global corporation environment
Flow as a resource : a contribution to organizational psychology
Loving your work
Are bad jobs inevitable? : trends, determinants and responses to job quality in the twenty-first century
Towards successful seniorityTM group method : participant's workbook
Harvard business review on bringing your whole self to work
Measuring employee satisfaction
The Veto Programme 2003-2007 : national action programme on extending working life, well-being at work and rehabilitation
Handbook of managerial behavior and occupational health
Mental well-being at work : a sign of a healthy organisation and a necessary precondition for organisational development
The pleasures and sorrows of work
Summary (2 s.).
Hotel employees occupational well-being
Take this job & love it : solving the problems you face at work : with study questions for individuals or groups
An exploratory study of employee wellbeing in Finnish nightclubs
Summary.
Profit at the bottom of the ladder : creating value by investing in your workforce
Quality of work life survey
Improving cruise ship crew cabin design
Magnet hospitals revisited : attraction and retention of professional nurses
Oxford handbook of positive psychology and work
Towards successful seniorityTM : from family leave to work : participant's workbook
Stress prevention in the workplace : assessing the costs and benefits to organisations
Effects of ICT connectedness, permeability, flexibility, and negative spillovers on burnout and job and family satisfaction
Environmental Science in Building covers the science, technology and services that relate to the comfort of humans and the environmental performance of buildings. This popular text is designed to be useful, at all levels, to students and practitioners of architecture, construction studies, building services, surveying, and environmental science. This edition has been thoroughly updated and the contents reorganised to ensure optimum presentation and understanding of topics. The contents include: climate and the built, environment, human environmental comfort, insulation and energy use in buildings, air control in buildings, artificial and natural lighting, noise control and sound insulation, electricity generation and supply, water supplies and waste water treatment, carbon and energy management in construction, resource conservation and sustainability in construction, sick buildings and green buildings. Key features are: Clear and accessible text layout for ease of use, Clear explanations of principles and technologies, Up-to-date practice and world-wide trends incorporated, Minimum prior knowledge of science and mathematics assumed, Worked examples displayed and explained step-by-step, Large resource sections of supporting information and references.
Creating healthy organizations : how vibrant workplaces inspire employees to achieve sustainable success
Investigating employee turnover : battling the employee turnover in nightclub Freetime
Assessing working conditions : the European practice
Workplace by design : mapping the high-performance workscape
Receptionists' job satisfaction in hotels of Rovaniemi : effects of unhappy and problematic customers
Measuring work quality for social reporting
Creating workplaces where people can think
Life of work: what office design can learn from the world around us sets out to make the twenty-first century workplace a more dynamic, engaging, colourful, flexible and inclusive place. Jeremy Myerson and Imogen Privett, from the Royal College of Art in London, looked in some unlikely places for ideas and inspiration? - the academic library, theatre design, pop up events in the city and intensive team environments in air traffic control, emergency medical departments and the newsroom. Working from the position that, whilst the design of most contemporary offices satisfies physical and functional requirements, it seldom supports the psychological comfort and individual needs of the people who use them every working day, Life of Work offers an agenda for change that has significant implications for every level of workplace design and implementation. Based on a major research project between the Helen Hamlyn Centre for Design at the Royal College of Art and two global industry partners, Haworth and Philips Lighting, Life of Work will be of value to anyone who has an interest in architecture or interior design, the politics and management of the working environment, space design and urban planning, as well as furniture design.
Abstract: Identification of occupational crisis on the basisof stressors, work-related causal explanations and emotions.
Towards successful seniorityTM group method : trainer's manual
Work stress in the nursing profession : an evaluation of organizational causal attribution
Closing the gap - ideas and practice : direct participation in organisational change
A good workday through participation and feedback : improving the work environment and enhancing performance and well-being of the workers
Threats and opportunities : findings of Finnish quality of work life surveys 1977-2003
High levels of psychological well-being amongst employees translate into good news for the organization, including lower sickness-absence levels, attraction and retention of talented people, and more satisfied customers, clients, or service users. People with higher levels of psychological well-being work better, live longer and have happier lives. Engagement and well-being can sustain each other and lead to a healthier and more productive organization, a win-win for employees and employers.
Thank God it's Monday! : how to create a workplace you and your customers love
The studied topic was recommended to the author by the management team of a small Finnish restaurant chain, which looked for new ways to enhance service quality in today's increasingly competitive restaurant business.  The aim of the study was to examine the service orientation of the contact staff (waiters and bartenders, in contact with the customers) of a specific restaurant located in Helsinki, Finland. The focus was on identifying the different variables affecting employee service orientation. These variables were then used to measure how well the contact staff managed their duties and interacted with the customer in different kinds of circumstance, primarily aims at finding the ideal working conditions in which the contact staff will be most service oriented and able to deliver good service. Questionnaire survey methodology was used to collect data from 18 out of 25 possible employees working as contact employees in the restaurant. Respondents provided self-assessed attribute information relating to external and internal factors affecting employee service orientation.  Results suggests that the majority of the restaurant contact employees were service orientated, positively encouraged by the restaurant management's support, as well they were able to provide good service during busy periods, and had such personality traits that suggest that they were service orientation minded employees. However, closer analysis also showed significant negative ratings on employees' recognition and rewards ratings, which indicate need for improvement.
Receptionists' job satisfaction in hotels of Rovaniemieffects of unhappy and problematic customers /
Evil eleven syndrome dark side of workplaces : pressures at work and costs of non-interference
Nurse empowerment : a model of individual and environmental factors
Work, productivity, and job satisfaction : an evaluation of policy-related research
Work in care for the elderly : combining theories of job design, stress, information processing and organizational cultures
An analysis of the purpose of work in people's lives demonstrates how work operates in American culture and how everyday people can find happiness in the workplace, explaining the importance of career goals.
Paradise lost or regained? : the meanings and perceptions of organisational communication of 1990ś in Finnish work organisations
The Oxford handbook of positive psychology and work
Environmental science in building
Working life barometer in the Baltic countries 2002
The purpose of the research is to clarify the factors which will increase the occupational well-being of hotel employees. The aim was to find answers to questions how food, drink, rest, exercise and social working environment affect to employee's occupational well-being.  The method of the research was a quantitative mail survey and was made with a paper questionnaire. The study sample consisted of all employees, excluding housekeeping, working on the 2nd of January 2007 in an international hotel in Helsinki, Finland. This was in total 76 hotel employees. The answer percentage of the questionnaire was 57 %. The results were analysed statistically by Tixel program which uses Microsoft Excel macros.  Of the respondents 60 % were women and 40 % men. Nearly two thirds of the women and half of the men belonged to age group 18-33. Every third of the men belonged to age group over 50 but only 12% of the women. Over half of the respondents did shift work.  The majority of the respondents found it very important that in-house food services were provided by employer in each shift, but they used them seldom. They felt that food services were versatile but healthier and lighter alternatives were requested. Only half of the respondents kept regularly coffee and lunch brakes during the working shifts.  The physical condition of the respondents was good and majority of the responders did 30 minutes exercise at least 2-3 times a week. Women were in better fitness than men as well as the younger respondents compared to the middle age ones. Although the respondents were in good physical condition and slept the average sleeping hours, over half of the respondents felt tired 1-2 days a week and about every fourth experienced tiredness even more often. Half of the respondents found the work physically and psychically overloading.  In good social working environment the most important factors by the respondents were fellow employees, ergonomics, support by the superiors and challenges and responsibility. Flow of information, possibility to influence on own work and the feedback from superiors were the areas they wished for improvement. Nearly half of the respondents felt that they did not receive enough feedback from their superiors and nearly one third felt that they were not are able to influence enough on their own work. Almost all respondent felt that atmosphere was good in their working department and majority felt their work was meaningful and cooperation between employees was fluent.  Hotel employees aimed to have healthy way of living in their free time although they felt that shift work made it difficult to exercise. They felt that hotel work was mentally and physically loading but they used the health related services provided by employer seldom and did not take the allowed breaks during shifts regularly.  The health habits, especially in night shifts, corresponded only partially to the recommendations given in the literature. This can be a consequence of lack of knowledge, information or time.  Demanding hotel work and shift work set especial requirements for occupational wellbeing and human resource management. An employer cannot alone be responsible of the employee's well-being. Employer should together with the employees develop the health related services and working environment as in health project in Scandic hotel chain that guides employees towards healthier life style.  The results of my study support the Scandic health project. The data and results can also be utilized in the long-term implementation and development of wellbeing of the employees and in making Scandic Continental healthier and more attractive working.
The essential guide to employee engagement : better business performance through staff satisfaction
Great days at work : how positive psychology can transform your working life
Instrumental work orientation and labour stability
Drawing on the wide and deep body of knowledge that the authors acquired in the process of producing the ' FORTUNE 100 Best Companies to Work For' ranking, top consultants Michael Burchell and Jennifer Robin reveal what separates the great from the good companies to work for.
Well-being at work : case Aurinkomatkat tour guides
