http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1831 work satisfaction
work satisfaction job satisfaction
Job satisfaction at Company Teija Jousi Viikarit
Job control and worker health
Teachers of English in Finnish upper secondary general school and their job satisfaction
Vocational behavior : readings in theory and research
The pathfinder : how to choose or change your career for a lifetime of satisfaction and success
Suggestions on how to Improve Employee Motivation in Chinese Small and Medium-Sized Private Enterprises. Case Company: X Glassware Factory.
Management & organisational behaviour
Abstract: Cohesiveness, motivation and job satisfaction : case study: Peregrine IV -project.
Personality assessment and self-other rating agreement : moderators and implications of agreement
The effect of leader behavior on worker job satisfication and job performance in Ethiopian textile factories : an empirical investigation
Who are your best people? : how to find, measure and manage your top talent
This bachelor's thesis was commissioned by Sonera, which is one of Finland's leading telecommunications companies. The purpose of this study was to find out whether the sales model of Sonera Store is consistently implemented in practice in the desired way and to offer proposals for improving the existing sales model. Furthermore, the motivational incentives of the sales agents and the role of the sales management as a motivating factor were examined.    The data for this case study research were collected by observing the sales agents in customer service and sales encounters as well as with the help of semi-structured face-to-face interviews. Combining two different qualitative data collection methods offered a deeper understanding of the researchable topics and enabled the comparison between what was said in the interviews and what was put into action in reality. The interview was carried out with ten different sales agents from three different Sonera Stores. In the observations, five sales agents were studied in thirteen different customer encounters.    The study revealed that not all steps of the sales model are implemented in the way the sales agents are instructed. The omission of certain procedures was explained mainly with the lack of motivation caused by the disbelief that implementing them would offer any additional value to the sales agents or customers, or would have any positive impact on the sales. The study pointed out that the mindset of the sales agents is desirably sales-oriented and that the hindering sticking points are mostly explained by technical and other matters over which the sales agents have no control. In addition, it was found out that motivational factors are experienced very differently. In general, however, the study showed that the most improvement possibilities are in the current bonus model and sales training.    The findings of this study indicate that the sales model is not fully implemented in the intended way and that there is room for improvement in the incentive system and sales training. Implementing these and other improvement suggestions presented in the thesis is believed to have an enhancing effect on the motivation and overall performance of the sales agents. Notably more research should be carried out in other Sonera Stores of Finland in order to gain a more reliable understanding of the topic. Furthermore, the viewpoint of the customers and the sales management is left out, which calls for further research in the future.    Key words: sales, sales model, personal selling, sales management, customer service, employee motivation, case study.
An investigation into the issues facing effective employee induction : the case of new employee induction at the Skanska Nordic Procurement Unit
Organizational psychology in cross-cultural perspective
Work in care for the elderly : combining theories of job design, stress, information processing and organizational cultures
The quality of life in the Finnish game industry
Principal's role in building trust with teachers for a better school climate in Chinese schools : a case study of a high school in Sichuan, China
Job satisfaction among secondary school teachers in Tanzania : the case of Njombe district
Working it out : the workaholics' survival book
Motivation approaches in a Russian-owned and a foreign-owned company in Russia
Be a free range human : escape the 9-5, create a life you love and still pay the bills
Independent and mediating effects of trust in leadership on employees' job satisfaction and organizational commitment
Measuring employee satisfaction
Office environment, health and job satisfaction : an explorative study of office design's influence
The development and testing of an employee engagement survey for use within Finnish Organisations
Long considered the standard for all organizational behavior textbooks, this text provides the research you want, in the language your students understand. This text continues its tradition of making current, relevant research come alive for students. This edition has been thoroughly updated to reflect the most current recent research for Organizational Behavior, while maintaining its hallmark features -clear writing style, cutting-edge content, and engaging pedagogy. This text is commited to provide the kind of engaging, cutting-edge material that helps students understand and connect with organizational behavior.
Teaching is a profession notorious for high 'burn-out', with some describing this process  beginning as early as student teaching. Struggling teachers feel disconnected and uninspired. On the side  of them, new teachers make their way through their induction years. At schools and in universities  experienced teachers and researchers have a lot of contextual knowledge and competences. Value  increasing projects like peer group mentoring are needed to enhance both conceptual and practical  implications for understanding learning in professional communities. The present study is aimed at  investigating factors which contribute to variations of teachers and researchers coping through the  stages of their professional lives. The idea of sustaining the commitment goes back to the conception of  social learning in communities of practice (Wenger, 1998). The 14-month program of 15 ECTS credits (400  hours) was started in 2010 in Oulu University of Applied Sciences (Oulu UAS), in the School of Vocational  Teacher Education (SVTE) and is continuing still, starting with slight alterations every year. Each year a  group of about 10 experienced professionals are educated to act as peer group mentors in their work  places. Yearly their expectations, feedbacks and overall evaluations are collected to form a data basis for  research. Among the most convincing features expressed in the research material which support the  planned aims was the acquisition of fresh attitudes towards work places, their functions and the  employees' roles in them. Besides widened perspectives, feelings of collegial respect, sense of  professional ethics and personal positive attitudes to professional growth were apparent.
Employee motivation and satisfaction in an organization : case study of ABC-Kokkola
Self-efficacy, collective efficacy, jog stress, and job satisfaction experienced by teachers in South Korea and Finland
Handbook of organizational citizenship behavior : a review of "good soldier" activity in organizations
The amazing adventures of working girl : real-life career advice you can actually use
Organizational behavior : essentials for improving performance and commitment
Personality traits of leader and job satisfaction of subordinates
What's next, Gen X? : keeping up, moving ahead, and getting the career you want
Improving the existing sales model : case: Sonera Store
Take this job & love it : solving the problems you face at work : with study questions for individuals or groups
The man on the assembly line
Partnering with employees : a practical system for building empowered relationships
Comparison of theories, management views and employee views on job satisfaction in the case of Arrek
The effect of discrimination on job performance and job satisfaction
Hospital nurses' job satisfaction : a literature review
Effective e-communication : case Fortum Oil Refining Business unit
Quality of work life survey
Cohesiveness, motivation and job satisfaction : case study: Peregrine IV -project : opinnäytetyö
Job satisfaction in Finnlines' shore organisation
Job satisfaction : a study of computer specialists
Second European quality of life survey : family life and work
Employee induction : developing an induction process for a company providing services in sports and leisure time activities
Effects of acoustic environment on work in private office rooms and open-plan offices - longitual study during relocation
Abstract: Research has pointed out the importance of culture and climate in relation to strategy and overall success of knowledge organizations. Vision, mission, and values make up the culture but they are also the building blocks in strategic planning. It has been shown that satisfied and happy employees are more productive especially in the context of a knowledge organization. OP-Pohjola Group aims to be the financial sector's most attractive employer. The Group makes a strong long-term commitment to improving employee wellbeing, competence, leadership development, and rewarding practices. Personnel are encouraged to pursue professional growth throughout their careers. The results of the Organizational Climate Survey were mostly positive even though clear areas of improvement were found. The areas of improvement include the following: It seems that employees need to deal with too much bureaucracy. Also female employees are not satisfied with their opportunities for advancement and it seems that mission, vision, and values do not show in everyday work and procedures. Employees do not always get enough feedback from their managers. Furthermore, there is a lack of two-way communication. Regardless of these areas of improvement, the respondents are generally satisfied with OP-Services as an employer. In a big organization there are various opportunities.
The game of work
Oil extraction in extreme remoteness : the organization of work and long-distance commuting in Russia’s northern resource peripheries
Employee Motivation at Tommy Bartlett, Inc.
Job satisfaction of nurses in Mauritius
The interdependence of employee and customer satisfaction : an analysis of causes and effects
The great office detox : minimize stress and maximize job satisfaction
Developing job satisfaction
Teachers and their workplace : commitment, performance, and productivity
Job satisfaction : a reader
Readings in organizational and industrial psychology : edited by Gary A. Yukl and Kenneth N. Wexley
Relationship between perceived organizational support and willingness to pursue a career in the hospitality industry
Corporate entrepreneurship in healthcare organizations : an explorative study of employees' corporate entrepreneurial behavior, job satisfaction and turnover intention
Foreigners and employment in the Pirkanmaa region : an assessment on tutoring provided by TAMK BBA programme
The energy to teach
Employee satisfaction and motivation in forwarding business: a case study of Panalpina AB Filial Ι Finland
Screw work, let's play : how to do what you love and get paid for it
Job Satisfaction and Efficiency Among Hotel Workers : A Case Study Giant Star Hotel Nigeria
Sink or swim : a study of novice English teachers in working life and their job satisfaction
Employee research : how to increase employee involvement through consultation
Organizational behavior
Effective e-communication : case Fortum Oil Refining Business unit [Ellibs-kirja]
Job satisfaction of land-based empoyees improved
The 7 hidden reasons employees leave : how to recognize the subtle signs and act before it's too late
Personality, well-being and job resources : from negative paradigm towards positive psychology
Job satisfaction : how people feel about their jobs and how it affects their performance
The Effect of Islamic Work Ethics on Work Outcomes
NBI Europe & Africa project implementation and work satisfaction analysis at service desk
Job Satisfaction and Innovation in Non-profit Organisations : Relationships between Facets of Job Satisfaction and Technological and Administrative Innovations
Smart nursing : nurse retention & patient safety improvement strategies
Macroergonomics : an introduction to work system design
Employee values in a changing society
Abstract: How does Enneagram help in developing emotional intelligence at work? This advisory report has been conducted for Hogeschool INHolland Diemen as a part of the graduation programme in International Business and Management Studies. The purpose of the advisory report is to prepare the students for professional working life and test their analytical and consulting skills. The researcher, Mr. Sampsa Raitamäki, is a fourth year Finnish double degree student from Metropolia Business School, Metropolia UAS. Alongside studies, the researcher had interest in a personality theory model called Enneagram. The advisory report was a great opportunity to combine Enneagram with the IBMS studies. Therefore the researcher decided to examine the connection between Enneagram and emotional intelligence at business context. A requirement for the advisory report was to find a client whom to work with. The client for this project was TMI Leena Aijasaho, a Finnish sole entrepreneur who offers professional work supervisor and coaching services for various companies and organisations.
Hospitality management : a capstone course
Macroergonomics : theory, methods and applications
Developing an internal marketing plan to enhance employee satisfaction in a service organisation : case Cargotec service centre
Is Finland different? Quality of Work Among Finnish and European Employees
New forms of work organization in Europe
Bibliography on major aspects of the humanisation of work and the quality of working life
How does Enneagram help in developing emotional intelligence at work?
Job satisfaction and overeducation / underemployment : a research study of hotel receptionists in Finland
The Experiences of Finnish companies about the Quality of Chinese Labor : Comparison between Chinese and Finnish work cultures
Do cool sh*t : (Quit your day job, start your own business, and live happily ever after)
How does Enneagram help in developing Emotional Intelligence at work?
Management and happiness
Creating healthy organizations : how vibrant workplaces inspire employees to achieve sustainable success
Personnel satisfaction, motivation and engagement : case: FOREX Bank
What you're really meant to do : a roadmap for reaching your unique potential
Physiological determinants and assessment of stress and recovery among media workers
A useful and fun book for any woman who has ever wanted, needed, lost, quit, hated, or loved a job. “Working Girl” (a.k.a. Karen Burns) has held a total of 59 jobs (so far), including housekeeper, cigarette girl, paper “boy”, model, ditch-digger, bank teller, editor, brochure writer, artist, and corporate drone. She made mistakes along the way, but extracted one important lesson from each job she has held. Working Girl now shares her hard-earned wisdom for the modern working woman with this series of 59 humorous yet practical vignettes, including guidance on: • Risk-taking and why it’s good • How to build self-confidence • Tips for managing your boss • When you’re not appreciated • Causes and cures for burnout • Balancing baby and boss • When it’s time to say adieu and 52 more! Whimsically illustrated with Working Girl cartoons, this is a fun, accessible advice book that deals with the real issues that are on the minds of working women (and not just those who are striving for the corner office!). No matter where a girl finds herself on the job ladder (from the bottom to the top), she’ll find that The Amazing Adventures of Working Girl will give her both perspective and a plan for success. -- Publisher description.
Job satisfaction and innovation in non-profit organisations : relationships between facets of job satisfaction and technological and administrative innovations
Reliance on accounting performance measures and budgetary participation in a multinational environment
Job satisfaction survey 2008.
Teaching in context
Job satisfaction among ethnic minorities in Helsinki
Motivating employees at BR Toys in Nordic countries
The essential guide to employee engagement : better business performance through staff satisfaction
Teachers' job satisfaction and affective education in twelve countries
Abstract: An investigation into the issues facing effective employee induction : the case of new employee induction at the Skanska Nordic Procurement Unit. The main objective of this study was to investigate what are the issues and possible problems that this one unit in a researched company is facing in their induction and how the employees themselves see the current situation of the induction.    The researched company unit felt that there was a need for a  concentrated induction process created especially for the employees of this particular unit. Before planning the new process, it would be essential to map the current situation  and define the issues that have to be taken into account when planning the induction.    This Bachelor's Thesis is therefore investigating what are the most important issues to take into consideration when it comes to new employee induction.    A critical review of the literature was carried out and an online questionnaire was administered to 53 employees who had joined the researched company unit within the past year.    The results revealed that there is no common process followed at the researched company unit. Furthermore, the findings illustrate that the issues that the company should take into account regarding the induction are the induction plan and the presence of the immediate supervisor on the newcomer's first day.
Job satisfaction and organizational trust as antecedents of organizational commitment in Finnish and Estonian SMEs
Job satisfaction of foreign employees in a global IT consultancy
Effects of ICT connectedness, permeability, flexibility, and negative spillovers on burnout and job and family satisfaction
This paper investigates in a combined theoretical and empirical approach the interrelatedness of job satisfaction and distance between home and workplace under long-distance commuting conditions. After discussing the concepts of long-distance commuting and job satisfaction on a theoretical level, the focus is on the situation of employees working in Russia's oil industry. The empirical analysis is based on questionnaire data from a survey that captures employees' experiences in an oil company, which operates in the Komi Republic and Nenets Autonomous District. The paper reveals factors influencing the perception of and dealing with commuting distances reaching up to several thousand kilometres. The influence of differences in the organisation and length of shifts and in the compensation for travel expenses is analysed in detail. Ultimately, the goal of this research is to find out whether or not commuting distances face upper constraints concerning employees' job satisfaction and to discuss potential implications for developments in remote areas. The results show that growing commuting distance does not necessarily cause lower job satisfaction. Instead, a more important factor in this respect is the organisation of long-distance commuting in a way that meets the understanding and needs of the involved employees and gives room for individual coping strategies.
Motivation factors enabling positive deviance at workplace
Handbook for sales departments in international business, case: SOL
The job satisfaction of English teachers in Finnish elementary, middle and upper secondary schools
How to motivate high-demanding employees : Case: UPM-Kymmene Tampere Service Centre
Abstract: Discrimination is one of the most controversial phenomena to challenge the Human Resources (HR) function in the work place. It has been discussed in depth by sociologists, politicians and lawyers and remains a topical issue. Despite advances gender discrimination still persists, and continues to be experienced by women in the contemporary work space. Purpose - As job satisfaction has been shown to directly affect business performance, there has been increased interest in how job satisfaction can be improved through effective human resource management. Therefore, this study will attempt to discover the empirical factors that could determine the satisfaction levels of workers in the UK, and this research will also examine whether the gender of workers determines any differences in the levels of satisfaction. Methodology - This study uses theories to compare job satisfaction and performance. The major determinant being gender equality and focusing on whether there is correlation between equality and job satisfaction. Findings - Even though job satisfaction and equal treatment of women and men does not necessarily bring about better performance and productivity; however the reverse affects the work environment negatively. Keeping employees satisfied is one method of keeping companies productive. Moreover motivating workers with more responsibility and challenge makes workplaces healthier. Research limitations - This research focuses on the UK job market; however it a vital issue to extend this to other countries and in better detail. Practical implications - This study intends to present understanding of those variables that are likely to determine the satisfaction of women employees, and the author hopes that company managers will find these findings valuable to adopt opportunities to motivate workers more effectively to raise their levels of satisfaction and commitment. Original value - This study offers findings that are valuable and original as the focus will examine whether the gender of workers could determine their job satisfaction, and how this influences the productivity and performance of organisations.
A journey into the heroic environment : a personal guide for creating great customer transactions using eight universal shared values
Work reimagined : uncover your calling
Creating retention in the Case Hotel
Organizational climate survey : OP-services
Provides more than one hundred self-tests and diagnostic tools to help college graduates and midlife career changers identify a suitable career based on aptitude and personality.
Employees' experiences of cognitive demands of the work environment and sources of job satisfaction
Organizational behavior : core concepts
The objective of the thesis was to identify employees' work load and to examine the level of work motivation in Panalpina AB Filial I Finland, a Finnish forwarding company. In addition, the aim was to find out factors that may have an influence on employees' motivation in their daily work. The Finnish case company is going more multi-cultural with a global customer base steadily increasing. New international customers are acquired and shipping orders from all over the world are being placed with the company. The Finnish Panalpina branch was founded in 1995. Even though it has been in operation for more than 10 years already, the Finland-based branch is still quite a new company in the Finnish forwarding industry. The level of service has been recognized by many corporations in Finland, which in turn means new development opportunities for the case company, but also big challenges for the staff. The context of the thesis discusses the level of work motivation in various departments and presents the current situation in the company and it also explores major factors affecting employee work motivation in general. The theoretical framework is based on theories on management, personnel management and organization behavior, i.e. subjects directly related to the topic. The scope of study is limited to the Panalpina AB Filial I Finland. The study utilized quantitative and qualitative research methods. The personal interview was considered a necessary instrument to identify new innovation and improvement in management within the company. In order to achieve high validity and reliability, the designed questionnaire was used for all the employees, and data was analyzed in accordance with different criteria, in order to counteract any deficiency in research method. The empirical process was implemented from mid May to mid June 2008. Due to the sensitivity of the issue at hand, the results of the study are kept confidential. The results obtained indicate that most of employees are satisfied with their work. However, a certain unbalance in daily work duties could be noticed. Feedback and communication channels, training opportunities, rewards and work facilities also to some extent affect the level of satisfaction at work.
Workplace bullying : a study on the work environment, well-being and health
The effects of information technology on job design at Hotel Kämp
Organizational behavior : improving performance and commitment in the workplace
Psychological ownership and entrepreneurial drive : at the Jyväskylä City Catering Unit
Cultural Competence Guide in Southern China for Foreign Companies
Participation and democracy at work : essays in honour of Harvie Ramsay
The experience of work : a compendium and review of 249 measures and their use
Internal marketing as a tool of building product awareness among personnel
The way people work : job satisfaction and the challenge of change
International competence of future engineers : survey among engineering students at Turku University of Applied Sciences
Mortality, morbidity and health selection among mental workers
Reluctant managers : their work and lifestyle
The happy lawyer : making a good life in the law
Organizational internal communication : case Tanssipaviljonki Tulenliekki
Occupational well-being of school staff : experiences and results from an action research project realised in Finland and Estonia in 2009-2014
A place to shine : emerging from the shadows at work
The meaning of working
Explaining job satisfaction and job control : a survey among Finnish psychiatrists
Well-being at work : case Aurinkomatkat tour guides
Treating worker dissatisfaction during economic change
The objective of the thesis was to explore organized customer service and the use of queue line management in Finland. The purpose of this thesis was to study what is the queue line managements' impact on customer service and customer satisfaction. Another purpose was to find out how organized customer service has affected on employees work satisfaction and work motivation.    The theoretical framework was based on literature about customer service, service marketing and human resource management. Literature was used from authors such as: Pesonen, Lehtonen, Toskala, Pilbream and Corbridge.     After the theoretical framework the study was carried out. The analytical research methodology was qualitative. The data was gathered through interviews with regular shoppers, service employees and upper level managers in shopping centers. This way conclusions were able to be done based on three different viewpoints. In addition, data was collected through observations.    The results indicated that queue line management plays an essential role in certain locations. It seemed that organized customer service is a significant tool to improve customers' service experience. In addition, the results suggested that customer service employee's work is more pleasant when queue line management machines are used.    In sum, organized customer service and queue line management was seen as a positive and efficient method to improve customer service and service employees' work satis-faction. The use of queue line management improves interaction between the customer and service employee. In other words, queue line management makes service employee's duties more relaxed and customers service experiences more positive.
Employees`experiences of mental well-being and work satisfaction in Leevikoti
"Media work is a good example of working life in modern 24/7 society. Time pressure and cognitive strain due to overflow of media inputs enhance job strain. New technology requires constant learning and implementation of new working modalities. Employees might continue work-related activities at home and outside the workplace. This may lead to overcommitment and extension of the real working time. Irregular shift work is common. Sudden changes in information flow, technical problems and alterations in team resources may hinder recovery and increase stress. On the other hand high demands may increase the well-being, if the worker can use the skills and has good job control. Self-assessments of stress and well-being combined with physiological measurements help us also to identify work-related and personal factors that could explain good or poor recovery." -- (Back Cover)
Preventing work stress
The objective of this study was to find out the impact of organizational changes to Service Desk employees` work satisfaction in Nokia Business Infrastructure (NBI) User Care Operation (UCO) Europe & Africa region. In addition, have the NBI Europe & Africa (NEA) merging project and its impacts to work processes, tools and infrastructure affected to employees work satisfaction. Change management and implementation of a change process are handled in the theoretical part of this report. In addition we are studying what kind of issues have impact on personnel`s work satisfaction. The concept of work satisfaction is wide and therefore we are approaching it from many different perspectives. Data was gathered as a survey in September 2003. Technicall, the survey was made as a Web survey with a Lotus Notes application. The target groups were Service Desk sub-organizations Request Management, Finland 62 employees and User Account Management, Europe & Africa 26 employees. Questions were divided into three main classes: Employee motivation and involment, competences and compensations, teamwork and communications. In the analysis part these three main categories were divided into smaller entities. These entities are analyzed one by one using the answers of the survey. In this reseach we brought out things related to work satisfaction and change management. Additionally we tried to find out the current state of teams Request Management and User Account Management. All answers were analyzed as one entity but they were also divided into two categories according to these two teams. In this way we were able to compare answers and look for differences.
Organized customer service : the use of the queue management system in Finland
The objective of this research was to evaluate Nokia's International Employer Brand during the fall of 2012. Recently, the mobile industry has faced intensive competition in terms of recruitment for the best talent. Nokia has faced some difficulties, such as losing its market leadership and facing some remarkable financial turbulence. In February 2011, the company announced a new strategy and since then Nokia's situation has changed dramatically. On June 14, 2012 a reshaped strategy was announced, and this has affected 10,000 employees worldwide. This study evaluated the perception of Nokia' employer brand based on the opinions of different groups (former employees, people working for Nokia and people who have never worked for Nokia). First, the study explores the importance of employer brand categories and attributes. Moreover, the study evaluates Nokia's performance. The study describes the gap between people's expectations and Nokia's offering. The attributes of the employer brand were created based on previous theoretical models adapted to Nokia's situation. The data was collected in September 2012 using an online survey which was sent to the respondents using different social media channels. In total, 216 people from 34 different countries answered the survey. It was found that Nokia's employer brand consists of eight categories and Nokia's overall employer brand remains good. There are some differences in terms of perception depending on respondents' relation to the company. Former employees' perceptions are more negative than those of other groups. The employees' perception is from neutral to positive. Outsiders' perception is the most positive one. Nokia weakest performance was related to leadership and management, HR processes and development opportunities.
Increasing Employee Satisfaction and Motivation : Case Company: Top Connect OÜ
Job satisfaction among employees of GS Engineering and Construction Corporation in Vietnam
Employee satisfaction, loyalty and positive work environment as means to enhance customer experience
Employees' motivation and level of satisfaction: a case of Itella Porvoo, Finland
Employee motivation and satisfaction in an organization: case study of Keski-Pohjanmaan Kirjapaino Oyj
Distance between home and workplace as a factor for job satisfaction in the North-West Russian oil industry
Factors associated with physician job satisfaction : systematic review
Professionalism and job satisfaction among nurses in selected public hospitals in Benin City- Nigeria
This Bachelor's thesis was conducted for a global information technology corporation, Dell Inc. Dell is focusing on diversity and is dedicated to hiring students and recent graduates to join the Dell team by offering internship opportunities in several business departments. This thesis focuses on evaluating the interns' work placement experiences in the EMEA region (Europe, Middle East and Africa). The objective of this thesis was to provide development suggestions to the case company for the further development of its internship program. The focus areas are the interns' satisfaction with the work activities, supervision and feedback, and work community. The thesis process started in February 2013 and ended in November 2013. The theoretical literature studied job satisfaction through a job characteristics model that involves five core dimensions, namely, skill variety, task identity, task significance, autonomy and feedback. This research used a quantitative approach to collect data from the respondents by using an online survey. The data was collected between May and June 2013. The target group included all the interns that are located in Dell's offices in the EMEA region. The online survey response rate was 59% with 119 of 202 interns completing the survey. The results show that the interns' overall satisfaction level is high. The interns have assessed the acquired learning and experience to be of a relatively high level and they have benefited from the internship program at Dell. Some key development action points were given to the case company, such as providing a wider variety of work, more responsibilities and more frequent performance feedback.
Abstract: Research indicates that organisations need to be more flexible, adaptive, entrepreneurial and innovative in order to effectively meet the changing demands of today's environment. On the other hand, it seems that higher level of job satisfaction is beneficial for companies to promote innovation climate and innovation activities. Therefore, job satisfaction appears to be tied to innovation, which is vital for the long-term success of the non-profit organisations. This study examines the potential relationships between job satisfaction facets, such as income, opportunities for advancement, relations with co-workers and supervisor, nature of work and job security, with technological and administrative innovations in the context of non-profit organisations. There were three stages to the research: formulating a conceptual model defining, based on literature, the concepts and relationships of job satisfaction, its facets and the two types of innovation; studying a non-profit organisation and identifying a way of measuring the afore-mentioned relationships; and testing the conceptual model utilising statistical theories. The employees of the case-study organisation completed a questionnaire measuring job satisfaction facets, technological and administrative innovations. The results indicated that facets that are favourable to administrative innovation differ from those that are conducive to technological innovation. In particular, satisfaction with income and the relations with co-workers are statistically significant predictors of administrative innovation, in a positive and a negative way respectively. Plus, satisfaction with the opportunities for advancement is a positive significant predictor of technological innovation. Complementing these results, an automatic model, which was built using IBM SPSS Statistics 21, designated the relation with co-workers and the manager and the satisfaction with the income and the nature of work as further important predictors of technological innovation and the opportunities for advancement and the job security as additional important predictors of administrative innovation.
Teacher Subject Identity in Professional Practice focuses on a key, but neglected, element of a teacher's identity: that of their subject expertise. Studies of teachers' professional practice have shown the importance of a teacher's identity and the extent to which it can affect their resilience, commitment and ultimately their effectiveness. Drawing upon narrative research undertaken with a range of teachers over a period of 14 years, the book explores how subject expertise can play a significant role in teacher identity, acting as a professional compass guiding teachers at all levels of their professional practice. It reveals powerful individual stories of meaning-making which highlight the dynamic importance of teachers' subject expertise The book's metaphor of a professional compass goes to the heart of teacher professionalism, and provides a valuable mechanism to enable teachers to respond to challenges they face in their daily practice. It enables teachers to consider the moral dimensions of their practice, and can constitute a significant component in professional formation and identity. Throughout the book the importance of subject expertise for teachers' professional practice is explored at a range of scales: from the classroom to broad education policy, and at different stages of a teacher's career which offers readers a deeper understanding of the importance of subject expertise for teachers. Teacher Subject Identity in Professional Practice makes a significant contribution to an under-researched area. It identifies the role and significance of teachers' subject expertise as a dimension of their teacher identity.
Job Satisfaction and Welfare of Store Managers : Siwas in Kuopio
Stress and burnout in the human service professions
Job satisfaction survey 2007.
Careers in the classroom : when teaching is more than a job
Nokia's international employer brand
Creating an employee satisfaction survey process : case : Cargotec
A Survey of Employees' Perception and Satisfaction at the Integration Phase of Cross-border Acquisition
Designing and Testing an Educational Program for Professional Development  in Work Place : Sharing Expertise in Teachers' Peer Group Mentoring
An Investigation into the Issues Facing Effective Employee Induction : The Case of New Employee Induction at the Skanska Nordic Procurement Unit
Employee personal Internet usage in the workplace
Abstract: Job satisfaction of nursing in Mauritius.
Evaluating interns' work placement experiences in EMEA region : case: Dell Inc
The motivation to work
Organizational behaviour
Creating an employee satisfaction survey process : Case: CARGOTEC
Organizational and individual factors affecting mental health and job satisfaction : a multilevel analysis of job control and personality
Today's trend is to change workplace and employee turnover is a major managerial  issue in the hospitality industry. Retention can be managed and by creating a retention  strategy employers can lead employees to create goals that are reachable and retain job  interesting.  The aim of this thesis is to explore the main reasons which affects employee turnover  and to sort out the main reasons for high employee turnover in the Case Hotel. The  survey was sent to both current and former employees and the survey examined  employees satisfaction and motivation levels in the Case Hotel. Managerial actions are  taken into account in a deeper sense but also employees' possibilities to influence to  the retention are studied.  Employee turnover as a phenomenon is discussed, conclusions of the results in  improving Case Hotel's retention are presented and future research suggestions are  made. Results of the survey show that the Case Hotel is struggling most with new  employees onboarding and with employers managerial skills and the main reason for  people to leave the company is because of the employer. Employees who have left the  company did leave during the previous Front Office Manager but still managerial  actions haven't improved. Managerial skills have got fairly low ratings from both  former and current employees but also the employer has changed during employees  careers. Results shows that despite of the low ratings the Case Hotel has managed to  improve multiple factors that affect on retention. It is not examined in this thesis, but  maybe high employee turnover rates of the Case Hotel might be caused because of  employer turnover. And maybe that is caused by the supreme command of the  company.  This thesis won't give the ultimate solution for reducing employee turnover, but it  gives tips for the Case Hotel to make changes, create a retention strategy and start  retaining employees. The results and suggestions of improvements of this thesis can't  be generalized to the lodging industry.
Job satisfaction : application, assessment, cause and consequences
Teacher subject identity in professional practice : teaching with a professional compass
Good business : leadership, flow and the making of meaning
Leadership style : Impact on employee
Career paths look nothing like they did in days past. We work more hours at more jobs for more years than ever before. It's vital that we know how to find work that allows us to remain true to who we are, work that connects us to something larger than ourselves. Leider and Shapiro give us a new way to uncover our gifts, passions, and values and find work that expresses them.
The objective of this thesis was to conduct a research in order to find out the level of satisfaction among the employees at several bars in Porvoo. The main research problems and questions of the thesis were to find out what is the level of employee satisfaction, whether the employees find the work environment stimulating, and whether the employees are engaged. It was also to be studied whether employee satisfaction can yield higher customer satisfaction. The empirical data for the research was gathered through a survey. The survey was conducted at the bar locations straight from the staff and it included three background questions, 33 subject-relevant multiple choice questions and eight open-ended questions. The total number of participants in this survey was 31. Due to the style and the nature of the survey, the quantitative research method was used. The result of this study showed that the employees of the company were mostly satisfied about their work although there were also signs of disengagement. Some also felt that the job was slighlty overwhelming as the shifts are mostly during nights. Clearly for most of the employees the best parts of their work were the colleagues, the work spirit, as well as the work itself. The worst parts, most felt, were internal communications, managerial relationships, and rewards. With the results of the study the recommendations were following. The company should provide better internal communications as well as a fair and equal work environment. The managerial relationships were also to be looked into to make them more enjoyable and understandable to the employees. Also what the employees wished for was more rewards in ways of simple thank-yous and other oral acknowledgements.
Internal communications : a specially commissioned report
Exploring migrant labour motivation in the Finnish labour market
Manager's guide to motivating employees
The human side of organizations
Work motivation, atmosphere and satisfaction among the personnel of Kuntoutuskoti Taukokangas
Are small-town personnel more satisfied than personnel in big cities?  : a regional view of job satisfaction
The work ethic : working values and values that work
Abstract: Work satisfaction enquiry to Päijät-Häme emergency nurses.
Human resource management by function
What makes personnel motivated : a case study in a restaurant
Transform your workplace : 52 proven strategies to motivate, energize, and kick productivity up to the next level
Action for job satisfaction: a qualitative study on the promotion of employees ́ experienced job satisfaction at a next generation company
