http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18438 fragments
fragments
Reading ancient texts : essays in honour of Denis O'Brien. Vol. 1, Presocratics and Plato
Die Fragmente der griechischen Historiker (F Gr Hist). 3. Teil, Geschichte von Staedten und Voelkern (Horographie und Ethnographie) : b (Supplement) a commentary on the ancient historians of Athens (Nos. 323a-334) : Volume I Text
The three
This is the first new edition for more than a decade of the fragments of Timotheus of Miletus, a Greek lyric poet of the fifth and fourth centuries BC and one of the most important poets of the period. His description of the battle of Salamis, a substantial portion of his Persae, has been the most widely studied of his fragments. This is a historically significant work and J.H. Hordern's accurate text, based on close examination of the original papyrus, is a distinguished contribution to scholarship. The minor fragments, most of which survive only as quotations in other ancient authors, are subjected to detailed treatment for the first time. The text of these, and the numeration throughout, are based on D.L. Page's Poetae Melici Graeci for ease of reference.
Islet antigen-specific T cells and regulatory T cells in type 1 diabetes
Architectural remains
Prophecies : and other literary writings
Poetry and prose of William Blake
Maurice Blanchot and fragmentary writing: : a change of epoch
Buddhist manuscripts from Central Asia : the British library Sanskrit fragments. Vol. 1
Abstract.
The inscribed schist fragments from the Athens Academy excavations
Corinth : results of excavations conducted by The American School of Classical Studies at Athens. Vol. 18, Part 5, The Sanctuary of Demeter and Kore : the terracotta sculpture
The lesbian pillow book
Culture in pieces : essays on ancient texts in honour of Peter Parsons
Markers of bone turnover in preclinical development of drugs for skeletal diseases
Interactions of AMPA receptors with intracellular proteins
Venous thromboembolism : acute diagnostic assessment and follow-up
A companion to "Luminous Debris", this title offers readings of late Roman and early Christian ruins in the author's adopted region of Provence, sifting through iconographic, architectural, and sacramental vestiges to shed light on nothing less than the existential itself.
The fragmentary classicising historians of the later Roman empire : Eunapius, Olympiodorus, Priscus and Malchus
The newest Sappho : P.Sapph. Obbink and P.GC inv.105, frs. 1-4
Desert songs of the night : 1500 years of Arabic literature
The fragments of Attic comedy after Meineke, Bergk, and Kock. Vol. 2
Iulius Africanus has rightly been called the 'Father of Christian Chronography'. His world chronicle is one of the few works of Christian literature pioneering a new genre. Late Antiquity and the Middle Ages mainly articulated their reflection on history in the form of the world chronicle. The work has not been preserved in its entirety; the extant fragments have to be laboriously pieced together from the works of later authors. To date, there has not been a critical edition of this material, and the edition in use today dates back nearly 200 years (J.M. Routh 1814). This new edition in the GCS series closes an old gap in the programme of this series- and at the same time marks a new beginning, because this is the first edition ever in this series to be published with an English translation. The edition establishes a completely new foundation for our knowledge of Early Christian historical thinking, and in addition provides an important component in our understanding of an important epoch, the 'Imperial Crisis' of the 3rd century, in which the new world of Late Antiquity began to develop out of the Hellenic-Roman heritage.
Analysis of human chorionic gonadotropin (hCG) in doping control
The fragments of Timotheus of Miletus
Bats of the republic : un illuminated novel
Chronographiae : the extant fragments
Buddhist manuscripts from Central Asia : the St. Petersburg sanskrit fragments. Volume 1
Fragments and assemblages : forming compilations of medieval London
Mesoporous silicon micro- and nanoparticles : a versatile tool for peptide delivery
hK2 and PSA : functions and targets for treatment of prostate cancer
The age of Attila : fifth-century Byzantium and the barbarians
Documents of ancient Greek music : the extant melodies and fragments
Simplified sample handling in mass spectrometry based protein research : focus on protein phosphorylation
The fragments of Attic comedy after Meineke, Bergk, and Kock. Vol. 3 A, New comedy, exept Menander, Anonymous fragments of the middle and new comedies
Buddhist manuscripts from Central Asia : the British Library sanskrit fragments. Volume 3.2
Gene therapy for HIV and chronic infections
Glass and ceramics conservation 2007 : interim meeting of the ICOM-CC working group august 27 - 30, 2007 Nova Gorica, Slovenia
Amyloid-β deposition in the brains of subjects with cerebrovascular disease, diabetes, synucleinopathy and alcohol abuse : a human post mortem study
NW 14 : the anthology of new writing. Volume 14
Role of breastfeeding in bone health, body composition and vascular health and their inter-connectivity : a follow-up study from birth to 32 years of age
The fragments of Parmenides : a critical text with introduction and translation, the ancient testimonia and a commentary
Agatha Christie's murder in the making : stories and secrets from her archive
This volume examines gene therapy and gene transfer approaches to preventing or treating chronic virus infections, focusing on the Big Three viral pathogens- HIV, hepatitis B virus (HBV), and hepatitis C virus (HCV). It explores molecular antiviral strategies, including RNA interference, aptamer-siRNA chimeras, U1i interference, editing CCR5, alternative genetic vaccination by intramuscular gene transfers of virus vectors, and HIV latency in the context of non-coding RNA. This title is a volume of the American Society of Gene and Cell Therapy, a sub-series of the highly successful Advances in Experimental Medicine and Biology. In eleven illustrated chapters, leading international researchers contextualize the structure, operation, and impact of pathogens; examine the existing genetic and molecular research; and extract possible methods of preventing and treating chronic viral infections while evaluating the current body of knowledge. Authoritative and multifaceted, Gene Therapy for HIV and Chronic Infections is an ideal guide for researchers in the fields of gene therapy and immunology interested in expanding their knowledge on how to design an effective gene therapy against a viral pathogen.
Preliminary descriptions of the manuscript and printed fragments in Kulturparken Småland, Växjö
The salivary scavenger and agglutinin SALSA in innate immunity
The fragments of Attic comedy after Meineke, Bergk, and Kock. Vol. 1
Die Fragmente der griechischen Historiker : indexes of parts I, II, and III; indexes of ancient authors. 1, Introduction; alphabetical list of authors conserving testimonia and fragments
hK2 and PSA : Functions and Targets for Treatment of Prostate Cancer
The fragment : towards a history and poetics of a performative genre
The sacred trusts : pavilion of the sacred relics, Topkapi Palace Museum, Istanbul
Two bilingual incantation fragments
Vintage Cather
Excavations at Helgö. 4, Workshop 1
Codex Climaci rescriptus : fragments of sixth century Palestinian Syriac texts of the Gospels, of the Acts of the apostles, and of St. Paul's Epistles : also fragments of an early Palestinian lectionary of the Old Testament, etc
Biomarkers in acute respiratory failure
Ruins and fragments : tales of loss and rediscovery
The arrival and development of Latin literacy on the edge of Europe : the case of medieval Finland
Trypsin – MMP –Claudin cascades in the modulation of tongue SCC microenvironment
The smiles of Rome : a literary companion for readers and travelers
The fragmentary classicising historians of the later Roman Empire : Eunapius, Olympiodorus, Priscus and Malchus. 2, Text, translation and historiographical notes
Archilochos
The early middle high German poems in Cgm 5249/50 Von den zehn Geboten, 'Esau und Jacob' and 'Der erste Engel...'
Ancient Greek novels : the fragments : introduction, text, translation, and commentary
The fragment : an incomplete history
Die Fragmente der griechischen Historiker : continued. Pt 4, Biography and antiquarian literature
Buddhist manuscripts from Central Asia : the British Library sanskrit fragments. Volume 3.1
The faber book of monologues for women
Bone health, body composition and adipokines in juvenile idiopathic arthritis
Corinth : results of excavations conducted by The American School of Classical Studies at Athens. Vol. 18, Part 6, The Sanctuary of Demeter and Kore : the inscriptions
Habitat fragmentation and landscape change : an ecological and conservation synthesis
Ladder of shadows : reflecting on medieval vestige in Provence and Languedoc
Die Fragmente der griechischen Historiker (F Gr Hist). 3. Teil, Geschichte von Staedten und Voelkern (Horographie und Ethnographie) : b (Supplement) a commentary on the ancient historians of Athens (Nos. 323a-334) : Volume II notes, addenda, corrigenda, index
The fragments of Attic comedy after Meineke, Bergk, and Kock. Vol. 3 B, Menander
Fragments of Roman poetry, c.60 BC-AD 20
Die Fragmente der griechischen Historiker : continued. P. 4, Biography and antiquarian literature
