http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18409 spies
spies
Whisteling in the dark : a novel
Decoded
The liberation
Robert Ludlum's the Janson option
Tremor of intent : an eschatological spy novel
The pigeon spy
Jane Blonde : spy in the sky
Metal gear solid : sons of liberty : tactical espionage action
A murder on London Bridge
Anti-death league
The new Mrs Clifton
Young Philby
The coldest war
City of Stairs
London, 1949. One foggy night, Rosie Lane sees her son Brian on the banks of the Thames. Only he died four months earlier; and when she comes near him, he crumbles into dust. An incident strikingly similar to Kathy's own encounter with Göring in Namibia. Pushing on with her investigation, the young British agent will have to contend with bloodcurdling phenomena - monstrous insects, accelerated aging - as much as the hostility of local Nazi sympathisers.
Zodiac station
Kathy Austin has already survived two assassination attempts – saved both times by intervention from her mysterious friends from outer space. Her superior, Sir Charles, finds it difficult to believe her as to the origin of such providential allies, but another incident, followed by a more official meeting, eventually convince him. Informed of the terrible stakes that hide behind the recent events, he sends Kathy back to Namibia with a new partner, on a mission she seems unlikely to survive...
The boys book of spycraft  : how to be the best secret agent ever
A most wanted man
The spy who came in from the cold
Eve : True stories
The spy : a novel
The Spy Who Came in From the Cold
Palace of treason : a novel
From the international bestselling author of Nefertiti comes a captivating novel about the infamous Mata Hari, exotic dancer, adored courtesan, and, possibly, infamous spy. Paris, 1917. The notorious dancer Mata Hari sits in a cold cell awaiting freedom ...or death. Alone and despondent, Mata Hari is as confused as the rest of the world about the charges she's been arrested for - treason leading to the deaths of thousands of French soldiers. As Mata Hari waits for her fate to be decided, she relays the story of her life to a reporter who is allowed to visit her in prison. Beginning with her carefree childhood, Mata Hari recounts her father's cruel abandonment of her family as well her calamitous marriage to a military officer. Taken to the island of Java, Mata Hari refuses to be ruled by her abusive husband and instead learns to dance, paving the way to her stardom as Europe's most infamous exotic dancer. From lush Indian temples and glamorous Parisian theatres to stark German barracks in war-torn Europe, Moran brings to vibrant life the famed world of Mata Hari: dancer, courtesan, and possibly, spy.
Brainwashed
Connecting flights : short stories
Teacher's pet
006 and a bit
Then: Meet inexperienced MI-6 recruit Colin King on his first mission in the field as he learns the basics of spycraft and counterintelligence, and develops a volatile relationship with his first handler. Now: Colin King is Ninjak, the world's foremost intelligence operative, weapons expert, and master assassin. And he's hunting the Shadow Seven - a secret cabal of shinobi masters with mysterious ties to his training and tragic past.
The black widow
The billion dollar spy : a true story of Cold War espionage and betrayal
Someone is killing Britain's warlocks.  Twenty-two years after the Second World War, a precarious balance of power maintains the peace between Great Britain and the USSR. For decades, the warlocks have been all that stand between the British Empire and the Soviet Union-- a vast domain stretching from the Pacific Ocean to the shores of the English Channel. But now each death is another blow to Britain's security.  Meanwhile, a brother and sister escape from a top-secret research facility deep behind the Iron Curtain. Once subjects of a twisted Nazi experiment to imbue ordinary humans with extraordinary abilities, then prisoners of war in the vast Soviet effort to reverse engineer the Nazi technology, they head for England.  Because that's where former spy Raybould Marsh lives. And Gretel, the mad seer, has plans for him.  As Marsh is drawn back into the world of Milkweed, he discovers that Britain's darkest acts didn't end with the war. And as he strives to protect Queen and country, he's forced to confront his own willingness to accept victory at any cost.
Stalin's agent : the life and death of Alexander Orlov
The swimmer : a novel
Alan Stoob : Nazi hunter : one man's continuing battle against the Third Reich : a novel
Closer than you think
The secret war : spies, codes and guerrillas 1939-45
The general
Brigands M.C
Stalin's Englishman : the lives of Guy Burgess
A century of spies
The nightmare stacks
Queen & country. [Vol 4] : Operation: Blackwall
Operation mind control
Waistcoats & weaponry
Chicago, 1948. Martin Jones, insignificant pastor of the small Church of the Sons of Ezekiel, is visited by someone who calls himself a messenger of God and performs a miracle. The small-time preacher soon becomes the charismatic leader of millions of faithful. May 1949, Namibia. Kathy Austin is in a coma. But as the MI5 agent sent to bring her back to England has an unfortunate encounter, she too receives a rather miraculous visit.
Tomb of doom
The mulberry bush
"Combining the pulsating drive of Showtime's Homeland with the fascinating historical detail of such of narrative nonfiction bestsellers as Double Cross and In the Garden of Beasts, Dark Invasion is Howard Blum's gritty, high-energy true-life tale of German espionage and terror on American soil during World War I, and the NYPD Inspector who helped uncover the plot--the basis for the film to be produced by and starring Bradley Cooper. When a "neutral" United States becomes a trading partner for the Allies early in World War I, the Germans implement a secret plan to strike back. A team of saboteurs--including an expert on germ warfare, a Harvard professor, and a brilliant, debonair spymaster--devise a series of "mysterious accidents" using explosives and biological weapons, to bring down vital targets such as ships, factories, livestock, and even captains of industry like J.P. Morgan. New York Police Inspector Tom Tunney, head of the department's Bomb Squad, is assigned the difficult mission of stopping them. Assembling a team of loyal operatives, the cunning Irish cop hunts for the conspirators among a population of more than eight million Germans. But the deeper he finds himself in this labyrinth of deception, the more Tunney realizes that the enemy's plan is far more complex and more dangerous than he suspected.Full of drama and intensity, illustrated with eight pages of black and-white photos, Dark Invasion is riveting war thriller that chillingly echoes our own time"--
The heist
Last night's scandal
It's 1939. The Nazis have supermen, the British have demons, and one perfectly normal man gets caught in between. Raybould Marsh is a British secret agent in the early days of the Second World War, haunted by something strange he saw on a mission during the Spanish Civil War: a German woman with wires going into her head who looked at him as if she knew him. When the Nazis start running missions with people who have unnatural abilities--a woman who can turn invisible, a man who can walk through walls, and the woman Marsh saw in Spain who can use her knowledge of the future to twist the present--Marsh is the man who has to face them. He rallies the secret warlocks of Britain to hold the impending invasion at bay. But magic always exacts a price. Eventually, the sacrifice necessary to defeat the enemy will be as terrible as outright loss would be.
Prison break
A war of flowers
"A novel of Mata Hari's final days, as written by the woman herself while accused of espionage" --
In an alternate England of 1851, Sophronia Temminnick is the only hope for her friends, her school, and all of London when she must put her espionage training to the test to thwart an evil Picklemen plot.
Espionage : an encyclopedia of spies and secrets
City of stairs : a novel
Spynosaur is secret agency Department 6's not-so secret weapon. Created by mysterious science rays, Spynosaur has the mind of a super spy and the body of a dinosaur. Dedicated to protecting the world from criminal masterminds, this prehistoric powerhouse dishes out justice and puns to a host of eccentric enemies. But when he and his sidekick daughter Amber are sent to rescue a captured fellow agent, Spynosaur becomes embroiled in a plot to frame him. Can he and Amber clear his name in time to save the world?
I am the mechanical they named Jax. My kind was built to serve humankind, duty-bound to fulfil their every whim. But now our bonds are breaking, and my brothers and sisters are awakening. Our time has come. A new age is dawning. Set in a world that might have been, of mechanical men and alchemical dreams, this is the third and final novel in a stunning series of revolution by Ian Tregillis.
Mad Spy vs Spy : the complete casebook
One man's flag
Lone wolf
Russian roulette : Alex Rider
The double life of mistress Kit Kavanagh
Too dangerous for a lady
Sophronia continues her second year at finishing school in style - with a steel-bladed fan secreted in the folds of her ball gown, of course. Such a fashionable choice of weapon comes in handy when Sophronia, her best friend Dimity, sweet sootie Soap, and the charming Lord Felix Mersey stowaway on a train to return their classmate Sidheag to her werewolf pack in Scotland. Because no one would have suspected what - and who - they would find aboard the suspiciously empty train. Sophronia uncovers a plot that threatens to dissolve all of London into chaos and must decide where her loyalties lie once and for all.
Jax, a rogue Clakker, has wreaked havoc upon the Clockmakers' Guild by destroying the Grand Forge. Reborn in the flames, he must begin his life as a free Clakker, but liberation proves its own burden.  Berenice, formerly the legendary spymaster of New France, mastermind behind her nation's attempts to undermine the Dutch Hegemony -- has been banished from her homeland and captured by the Clockmakers Guild's draconian secret police force. Meanwhile, Captain Hugo Longchamp is faced with rallying the beleaguered and untested defenders of Marseilles-in-the-West for the inevitable onslaught from the Brasswork Throne and its army of mechanical soldiers.
A spy among friends : Kim Philby and the great betrayal
The Chelsea strangler
Churchills Iceman :  the true story of Geoffrey Pyke : genius, fugnitive, spy
No longer a gentleman
Necessary evil
Spy : twenty years of secret service : memoirs
12 May 1940. Westminster, London, England: the early days of World War II. Again. Raybould Marsh, one of "our" Britain's best spies, has travelled to another Earth in a desperate attempt to save at least one timeline from the Cthulhu-like monsters who have been observing our species from space and have already destroyed Marsh's timeline. In order to accomplish this, he must remove all traces of the supermen that were created by the Nazi war machine and caused the spectors from outer space to notice our planet in the first place. His biggest challenge is the mad seer Greta, one of the most powerful of the Nazi creations, who has sent a version of herself to this timeline to thwart Marsh. Why would she stand in his way? Because she has seen that in all the timelines she dies and she is determined to stop that from happening, even if it means destroying most of humanity in the process. And Marsh is the only man who can stop her. Necessary Evil is the stunning conclusion to Ian Tregillis's Milkweed series.
Dark invasion : the secret war against the Kaiser's spies
The Laurentine spy
Goldeneye 007 : reloaded : Xbox 360
Rendezvous at the Russian tea rooms
Soldier, spy : a survivor's tale
A kill in the morning
The resistance : Avalon
The executioner of St Paul's
Queen & country. [Vol 5] : Operation: Storm front
Most secret war
Furies of Calderon
Spy for Fidel
How to be an international spy
A colder war
Scorpia rising : Alex Rider
"Throughout the late 1970s and early '80s, dozens of Japanese citizens were abducted from coastal Japanese towns by North Korean commandos. In what proved to be part of a global project, North Korea attempted to reeducate the abductees and train them to spy on the state's behalf. When the project faltered, the abductees were hidden in a series of guarded communities known as "Invitation-Only Zones"--the fiction being that these were exclusive enclaves, not prisons. In 2002, Kim Jong Il admitted to kidnapping thirteen Japanese citizens and returned five of them (the other eight, he said, had died). From the moment that Robert S. Boynton first saw a photograph of these men and women, he became obsessed with the window their story provided into the vexed politics of Northeast Asia. In The Invitation-Only Zone, he untangles the logic behind the kidnappings and shows why some Japanese citizens described them as "their 9/11." He tells the story of how dozens were abducted and reeducated; how they married and had children; and how they lived anonymously as North Korean citizens. He speaks with nationalists, diplomats, abductees, and even crab fishermen, unearthing the bizarre North Korean propaganda tactics and the peculiar cultural interests of both counties.  A deeply reported, thoroughly researched treatise on the power struggle of one of the most important areas in the global economy, Boynton's keen investigation is riveting and revelatory"--
The traitor's story
In love and war
Manners & mutiny
Rollercoaster!
Queen & country. [Vol 6] : Operation: Dandelion
Spyclopaedia : an encyclopaedia of spies, secret services, operations, jargon and all subjects to the world of espionage
The escape
Avenue of spies : a true story of terror, espionage, and one American family's heroic resistance in Nazi-occupied France
The coldest city
The water knife
The Spanish game
The new spymasters : inside espionage from the Cold War to global terror
"A top-ranking Iranian military official is blown up while trying to defect to the West. An investigative journalist is arrested and imprisoned for writing an article critical of the Turkish government. An Iranian nuclear scientist is assassinated on the streets of Tehran. These three incidents, seemingly unrelated, have one crucial link. Each of the three had been recently recruited by Western intelligence, before being removed or killed.  Then Paul Wallinger, MI6's most senior agent in Turkey, dies in a puzzling plane crash. Fearing the worst, MI6 bypasses the usual protocol and brings disgraced agent Tom Kell in from the cold to investigate. Kell soon discovers what Wallinger had already begun to suspect--that there's a mole somewhere in the Western intelligence, a traitor who has been systematically sabotaging scores of joint intelligence operations in the Middle East. "--
Robert Ludlum's the Janson equation
Sidney Sheldon's Reckless : a Tracy Whitney novel
Johnny English
Malayan spymaster : memoirs of a rubber planter, bandit fighter, and spy
Training school
The Westminster poisoner
A pulse-racing terrorist thriller with a sickening twist - perfect for fans of I Am Pilgrim, Bourne, 24 and Homeland Marc Dane is a MI6 field agent at home behind a computer screen, one step away from the action. But when a brutal attack on his team leaves Marc as the only survivor - and with the shocking knowledge that there are traitors inside MI6 - he's forced into the front line. However the evidence seems to point towards Marc as the perpetrator of the attack. Accused of betraying his country, he must race against time to clear his name. With nowhere to turn to for help and no one left to trust, Marc is forced to rely on the elusive Rubicon group and their operative Lucy Keyes. Ex US Army, Lucy also knows what it's like to be an outsider, and she's got the skills that Marc is sorely lacking. A terrorist attack is coming, one bigger and more deadly than has ever been seen before.
The English spy
When fifteen-year-old American Hailey Portman goes missing in Switzerland, her desperate parents seek the help of their neighbor, Finn Harrington, a seemingly quiet historian rumored to be a former spy.  Sensing the story runs deeper than anyone yet knows, Finn reluctantly agrees to make some enquiries. He has little to go on other than his instincts, and his instincts have been wrong in the past—sometimes spectacularly wrong.  But he gets involved anyway, never imagining that Hailey’s disappearance might be linked to the tragic events that ended his career six years earlier, drawing him back into a deadly world that has neither forgiven nor forgotten.
John Birch : a life
A foreign country
Tomp of doom
Dangerous dreamers : the Australian anti-democratic left and Czechoslovak agents
A most dangerous profession
The rising
To kiss a spy
The resistance
Retribution
Ninjak. Vol. 2, The Shadow Wars
A divided spy
A Foreign Country
The bionic man. volume one : Some assembly required
Snakehead : Alex Rider
The deadly gourmet affair
Day of judgement : the Cold War epic
Red spies in America : stolen secrets and the dawn of the Cold War
Midnight in Europe
Father Night
A very dangerous woman : the lives, loves and lies of Russia's most seductive spy
As the Second World War draws to a close, Gus Clifton, feared lost in Germany, surprises his sisters at their family home. But an even greater shock is Krista - the German wife whom he has married secretly in Berlin. Gus's sisters can only see the enemy their brother has brought under their roof. And their friend Nella, Gus's beautiful, loyal fiancee, cannot understand what made Gus change his mind about their marriage. What hold does Krista have over their honourable and upright Gus? And how can the three women get her out of their home, their future, their England?
The knowhow book of spycraft
Gabriel Allon, the art restorer, spy, and assassin, is poised to become the chief of Israel secret intelligence service. But on the eve of his promotion, events conspire to lure him into the field for one final operation. ISIS has detonated a massive bomb in the Marais district of Paris, and a desperate French government wants Gabriel to eliminate the man responsible before he can strike again.
The new enemy
The English girl
The invitation-only zone : the true story of North Korea's abduction project
The league of unexceptional children
Spy Dog  mummy madness
Queen & country. [Vol 3] : Operation: Crystall ball
