http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18458 effects (media)
effects (media)
The great science fiction films : S-F 2 : a pictorial history of science fiction films from "Rollerball" to "Return of the Jedi"
Masters of FX : behind the scenes with geniuses of visual and special effects
Premiere Pro CS5 and CS5.5 digital classroom
Getting started with Final Cut Server
Final Cut Pro 4(R) and the art of filmmaking
Sounds of the fascinating animal world
A book about special print effects
Effects for the theatre
3D-sound programming with Microsoft DirectX : Surround sound in practice
Adobe After Effects CC 2014 release : classroom in a book : the official training workbook from Adobe
Avid editing : a guide for beginning and intermediate users
The VES handbook of visual effects : industry standard VFX practices and procedures
Sound and music for the theatre : the art and technique of design
The Terminator
The invisible art : the legends of movie matte painting
Julie Taymor : playing with fire : theater, opera, film
1. Getting around the interface -- 2. Looking at Motion's library -- 3. Making it move with behaviors -- 4. Making it move with keyframes -- 5. Let's make text -- 6. Paint and masks -- 7. Let's make particles -- 8. Replicators : It's no fun by yourself -- 9. Motion tracking and keying -- 10. Intro to 3D -- 11. Publishing your work to FCP X -- 12. Customization and exporting -- Index.
Creating special effects for TV and video
Digital compositing in the VFX pipeline
Hollywood tricks of the trade
Photoshop : photo effects cookbook
Macromedia Flash 8 on Demand
Alien : the special effects
Photoshop for 3D artists. v. 1 : enhance your 3D renders! - previz, texturing and post-production
The art of Assassin's Creed III
Industrial light and magic : the art of special effects
After Effects CS3 professional : for Windows and Macintosh
Adobe Premiere elements 2.0 : illustrated
Motion 5 : designing and animating motion graphics
The sounds of Star Wars
Special optical effects in film
Apple Motion 5 cookbook : over 110 recipes to build simple and complex motion graphics in the blink of an eye
Bluescreen compositing : a practical guide for video & moviemaking
Special effects : an oral history: Interviews with 38 masters spanning 100 years
Building sci-fi moviescapes : the science behind the fiction
Surreal digital photography
The secret science behind movie stunts & special effects
Special effects : still in search of wonder
Cinefex : the journal of cinematic illusions
Final Cut Express : make the cut
Hollywood camera work : visual effects for directors
Practical recording techniques : the step-by-step approach to professional audio recording
General sound effects
Deconstructing the elements with 3 ds Max : create natural fire, earth, air and water without plug-ins
Compositing visual effects: essentials for the aspiring artist
Automated lighting : The art and science of moving light in theatre, live performance, and entertainment
After Effects for Flash - Flash for After Effects : dynamic animation and video with Adobe ® After Effects® CS4 and Adobe ® Flash ® CS4 professional
Special effects photography
Adobe After Effects CS5 : digital classroom
Secrets of Hollywood special effects
Photoshop for right-brainers : the art of photomanipulation
"A unique resource detailing the developments and use of special effects in the American movie industry, this title is well indexed and illustrated with 366 entries. It covers Academy Award-winning special effects movies, groundbreaking techniques, equipment, and devices, special effects houses, and pivotal figures in mechanical and visual special effects, makeup, creature design, directing, and stunt work."--"Outstanding Reference Sources," American Libraries, May 2001.
Getting StartED with Windows Live Movie Maker
RoboCop : the definitive history
Special effects make-up
The DV rebel's guide : an all-digital approach to making killer action movies on the cheap
Final Cut Pro X : advanced editing
Stage lighting : step-by-step : the complete guide on setting the stage with light to get dramatic results
PBR workflows in Cycles Render Engine : PBR workflows for realistic rendering in Cycles Render Engine
Digital compositing for film and video
Special effects : the history and technique
Sound effects. 4
Motion graphics and effects in Final Cut Studio 2
Final Cut Pro X : making the transition
Filming the fantastic : a guide to visual effects cinematography
The sound of bikes 99.
The art of Ray Harryhausen
Men, makeup and monsters : Hollywood's masters of illusion and FX
The Avid Handbook : Avid Symphony, Avid Media Composer and Avid Xpress
Adobe After Effects CS3 professional : classroom in a book : the official training workbook from Adobe Systems
The art and technique of matchmoving : solutions for the VFX artist
Encyclopedia of visual effects
101 quick and easy secrets to create winning photographs
Special effects in photography
The art of District 9 : Weta Workshop
Easy Adobe Photoshop Elements 7
Spectacular digital effects : CGI and contemporary cinema
Surround Sounds : A musical and sonic spectacular in surround
Create your own stage effects
Industrial light & magic : the art of special effects
Special effects in television
The hobbit : an unexpected journey : official movie guide
Avid Xpress Pro(R) power!
Mastering the art of manga : learn to draw manga step by step with over 1000 illustrations
Video editing with Avid : Media Composer, Symphony,  Xpress
The visual effects arsenal : VFX solutions for the independent filmmaker
The digital filmmaking handbook
Industrial light & magic : into the digital realm
The video collection revealed : Adobe Premiere Pro CS5, After Effects CS5, Soundbooth CS5, Encore CS5
Special visual effects : a guide to special effects cinematography
The Sound on Sound book of creative recording. 1, Effects & processors
The technique of special effects cinematography
Hollywood camera work : hot moves, the science of awesome
Star Trek : the art of the film
The lord of the rings : The fellowship of the ring : beyond the movie
Special makeup effects for stage and screen : making and applying prosthetics
This one-stop digital filmmaking resource will guide you from your initial idea to getting your finished project "in the can." It will show you how to create shots and effects that are rarely associated with low-budget productions. In addition there's a special new chapter on shooting your indie film with a DSLR and an advanced discussion on finishing your film for digital cinema projection / from companion website
Analog man's guide to vintage effects
Photographic possibilities : the expressive use of ideas, materials, and processes
Ray Harryhausen : an animated life : adventures in fantasy
Sound effects. 5
Focus on special effects : [creating pictures that exist only in your mind]
The art of visual effects
The art of the sound effects editor
Encyclopedia of movie special effects
Relax with the sounds of nature
Sound effects. 2
Make an animation!
Creating mood & special effects : tips for improving your photographic techniques
"[An] addition to The Master Course that's all about making single shots and master shots look absolutely awesome"--Hollywood Camera Work website.
The book of Alien
Compositing visual effects : essentials for the aspiring artist
Digital filmmaking : an introduction
Adobe after effects CC : visual effects and compositing : studio techniques
Visual effects for film and television
The Avid handbook : advanced techniques, strategies, and survival information for Avid editing systems
Game sound : an introduction to the history, theory, and practice of video game music and sound design
Sound for film and television
Photoshop CS4 workflow : the digital photographer's guide
The digitization of cinematic visual effects : Hollywood's coming of age
The green screen handbook : real-world production techniques
Special effects superman : the art and effects of Derek Meddings
Sound effects. 1
After Effects and Photoshop : animation and production effects for DV and film
Creating and Designing Sound Effects for a Mobile Game
Exploring visual effects
Rotoscoping : techniques and tools for the aspiring artist
Alien : the archive : the ultimate guide to the classic movies
Special effects : for print art directors, designers, and photographers : a menu of unretouched special effects
Final Cut Studio on the spot : time-saving techniques for using Final Cut Pro and the Studio applications
Premiere Pro is a powerful, timeline-based video editing software, and this personal training course uses a full-color book plus video tutorials on DVD to teach you how to use all its features. Fifteen self-paced lessons encourage you to discover the creative possibilities that Adobe’ s Premiere Pro presents. Step-by-step directions, lesson files, and an instructional video demonstrate the many exciting features of Premiere Pro. You can learn from leading instructors, and do it at your own pace.
The making of Star Wars, revenge of the Sith
Concert lighting : techniques, art, and business
Basics : a beginner's guide to special effects
After Effects apprentice : real-world skills for the aspiring motion graphics artist
Real World Adobe InDesign CS4
The language of visual effects
Adobe Photoshop CS3 extended : retouching motion pictures
Harry Potter : the creature vault : the creatures and plants of the Harry Potter films
