http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1842 information law
information law
This article touches issues related to the transformation of the traditional legal services in an information society service day. It indicates the reason for these changes and their directions, so that the lawyers functioning yet have a chance to stop for a dynamically changing market by implementing the optimal functioning of their office information technology and solutions in the field of so-called legal informatics..
Legal decisions and information systems
The federal information manual : how the government collects, manages, and discloses information under FOIA and other statutes
Protecting privacy in private international and procedural law and by data protection : European and American developments
International exchange of information and the protection of taxpayers
Shamans, software, and spleens : law and the construction of the information society
The state of copyright : the complex relationships of cultural creation in a globalized world
Freedom of information and the right to know : the origins and applications of the Freedom of Information Act
Copyright and electronic commerce : legal aspects of electronic copyright management
Innovations as communication processes : a legal architecture for governing ideas in business
Law and information technology : Swedish views : an anthology produced by the IT Law Observatory of the Swedish ICT Commission
Media law, ethics, and policy in the digital age
KnowRight 2008 : knowledge rights - legal, societal and related technological aspects
Intellectual property and information law : essays in honour of Herman Cohen Jehoram
Information technology control and audit
Human rights in an information age : a philosophical analysis
The future of ideas
Four essays on: computer and information technology law
Information ethics : privacy and intellectual property
A philosophy of intellectual property
Abstract: ICT law in electronic administration : ICT judicial principles and electronic administrative procedure.
Where the book stops : legal dimensions of information : proceedings of the annual conference of the Institute of Information Scientists, 4-7 July 1989, Old Swan Hotel, Harrogate
Negative aspects of the information society were first noticed in early 90's, with the dawning of the Internet era. The article gives an overview of European initiatives undertaken and European courts' judgments delivered over the last two decades, contrasting them with eminent U.S. Supreme Court decisions. According to the author, predominance of soft law, case law and self-regulation does not in itself impede protection, given that all stakeholders act with the intention to effectively monitor and eradicate threats..
HURIDOCS : standard formats for the recording and exchange of information on human rights
Liability clauses in it agreements : a comparative study between Anglo-American and Nordic legislation
The law of defamation and the Internet
Freedom of information : open access, empty archives?
Sensitive data protection in the European Union
The future of the public domain : identifying the commons in information law
Information rights : law and practice
ICT law : from international trade to e-trade : The issue of court jurisdiction
Terms of use : negotiating the jungle of the intellectual commons
The right to information : legal questions and policy issues
The modern lawyer and his role in the era of the information society and its services
The information society : a study of continuity and change
Intellectual property : moral, legal and international dilemmas
Access to information in the European Union : a comparative analysis of EC and member state legislation
Protecting works of fact : copyright, freedom of expression and information law
From data protection to knowledge machines : the study of law and informatics
Practical copyright for information professionals : the CILIP handbook
Challenge and change in the information society
NATO aggression on the FR Yugoslavia '99 : international symposium, Novi Sad, October, 15th-16th, 1999 : proceedings
Government and information : the law relating to access, disclosure and their regulation
Proceedings of the conference : international expert conference on computer network attacks and the appilicability of international human law
Borders in cyberspace : information policy and the global information infrastructure
Information law in practice
The role of information in the realization of the human rights of migrant workers : progress report of the joint study
The law of corporate finance : general principles and EU law. Volume I, Cash flow, risk, agency, information
Information policies and strategies
The law of professional-client confidentiality : regulating the disclosure of confidential personal information
The law of legal information systems : two essays : Teresa (12) and (30)
An automated legal content capture and visualization method
Who controls the Internet? : illusions of a borderless world
All librarians and libraries have information policies, and so do most people. The big issues, like censorship or intellectual property ownership and use, crowd our minds but the process of decision making is the same at every level and in every context, whether we are concerned with government secrets, advertising standards, or our children's reading and viewing habits. This book examines the issues from varying standpoints, including the human rights approach, the commercial approach, and the states-interest approach. These are all placed within the context of arguments about the public sphere. The working librarian has to be in a position to justify every stock purchase and information access decision, and in the strategies they follow to legitimate the library. The form and construction of arguments and the discussion of issues in this book will give librarians the context and arguments they need to identify and apply appropriate information policies and strategies. Key areas addressed in the book include: the information policy problem; policy sectors; information regimes; and, policies and strategies: models and cases. This book is essential reading for library students, researchers and policy makers as well as for all LIS practitioners wishing to widen their awareness of the important issues surrounding information policy.
CyberLaw : the law of the Internet
The global war for internet governance
IT law for IT professionals : an introduction
Freedom of information : the law, the practice and the ideal
Structures of counselling interaction : a conversation analytic study of counselling encounters in career guidance training
The commodification of information
Information technology law
"This fourth edition of Information Technology Law has been completely revised in the light of developments within the field since publication of the first edition in 1997. Now dedicated to a more detailed analysis of and commentary on the latest developments within this burgeoning field of law, this new edition is an essential read for all those interested in the interface between law and technology and the effect of new technological developments on the law. New additions to the fourth edition include: - analysis of regulatory issues and jurisdictional questions - specific consideration of intermediary liability - developments in privacy and data protection - extension of computer crime laws - developments in software patents - open source software and the legal implications"--
Towards legal information and legal knowledge : some basic issues in Finnish perspective
Economics of information and law
The law of corporate finance : general principles and EU law. Cash flow, risk, agency, information. Volume I
Help! : computer-assisted access to legal knowledge
Data protection law : approaching its rationale, logic and limits
Summary: "This book seeks to make an intervention into the ongoing debate about the scope and intensity of global copyright laws. While mapping out the primary actors in the context of globalization and the modern political economy of information ownership, the argument is made that alternatives to further expansion of copyright are necessary. By examining the multiple and competing interests in creating the legal regime of copyright law, this books attempts to map the political economy of copyright in the information age, critique the concentration of ownership that is intrinsic in the status quo, and provide an assessment of the state of the contemporary global copyright landscape and its futures. It draws upon the current narratives of copyright as produced by corporate, government, and political actors and frames these narratives as language games within a global political project to define how information and culture will be shared and exchanged in the future. The text problematizes the relationship of the state to culture, comments on the global flows of culture, and critiques the regulatory apparatus that is in place to commodify culture and align it with the contemporary nation-state. In the end, the possibility of non-commodified and more open futures are explored. The State of Copyright will be of particular interest for students and scholars of international political economy, law, political science, anthropology, sociology, cultural studies, library sciences, and communication studies. It also will appeal to a growing popular audience that has taken an interest in the issues of copyright. "--.
European insider dealing : law and practice
Information exchange according to reach
Protection of minors and human dignity in the information society: EU and US perspectives
Information sources in law
The law of corporate finance : general principles and EU law. Contracts in general. Volume II
Deterring fraud by informing the public : Round Table on Anti-fraud Communication
The perils and promise of global transparency : why the information revolution may not lead to security, democracy, or peace
Litigation under the federal open government laws 2004 : covering the Freedom of Information Act, the Privacy Act, the Government in the Sunshine Act, and the Federal Advisory Committee Act
Linking copyleft open source software
Transborder data flows and data privacy law
Data privacy law : an international perspective
An exploration of legal issues in information and communication technologies
Europe speaks to Europe : international information flows between Eastern and Western Europe
Abstract.
Information law towards the 21st century
ICT law : From international trade to e-trade : The issue of court jurisdiction
Information, law and legal science
Data subject’s consent as a legal basis for processing personal data after the General Data Protection Regulation
Cyberlaw and E-commerce
Private law remedies against the breach of information requirements of EC law
"New intellectual property regimes are entrenching new inequalities. Access to information is fundamental to so much of modern life - from the exercise of human rights to marketplace competition - but patents are being used to lock up vital educational, software, genetic and other information. The result will be a global property order dominated by a multinational knowledge elite - an elite that expropriates anything from AIDS drugs for Africa, seeds for developing-world farmers, to information on the human genome." "How did rules governing intellectual property become part of the World trade Organization's free trade' agreements? How have these rules changed the knowledge game for international business? What are the consequences for the ownership of biotechnology and digital technology, and for all those who will have to pay for what was once shared information? Who will be the global winners and losers?" "Based on extensive interviews with key players, Information Feudalism tells the story of these profound transformations in information ownership. It argues that in the globalized information society, the rich have found new ways to rob the poor, but shows how intellectual property rights can and must be more democratically defined."--BOOK JACKET.
Database rights in safe European home : the path to more rigorous protection of information
The law and policies of commercialization of public sector information in the EC
The anarchist in the library : how the clash between freedom and control is hacking the real world and crashing the system
Information, freedom and property : the philosophy of law meets the philosophy of technology
Cyber rights : defending free speech in the digital age
Information feudalism : who owns the knowledge economy?
Summary. Concluding remarks (s. 417-426).
