http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18483 classical mythology
classical mythology
Lexicon iconographicum mythologiae classicae (LIMC). 4, 1, Eros-Herakles : et addenda Cernunnos, Demeter, Ceres, Bacchus (in peripheria occidentali), Erechteus
The complete world of Greek mythology
Lexicon iconographicum mythologiae classicae (LIMC). 6, 2, Kentauroi et Kentaurides - Oiax : et addenda Hekate, Hekate (in Thracia), Heros Equitans, Kakasbos, Kekrops
The Staff of Serapis : Percy Jackson & Kane Chronicles crossover
The encyclopedia of mythology : gods, heroes and legends of the greeks and romans / Eric Flaum with David Pandy
Who's who in the ancient world : a handbook to the survivors of the Greek and Roman classics
Lexicon iconographicum mythologiae classicae (LIMC). 2, 1, Aphrodisias-Athena
Humanism in a Christian society. 1, The attitude to classical mythology and religion in Finland 1640-1713
Who's who in classical mythology
The Oxford handbook of Ancient Greek religion
Lord of the silver bow
Neoplatonism and the arts
The ancient gods speak : a guide to Egyptian religion
NTC's classical dictionary : the origins of the names of characters in classical mythology [and literature]
The earth, the temple, and the gods : Greek sacred architecture
Greeks and pre-Greeks : Aegean prehistory and Greek heroic tradition
The ancient mysteries : a sourcebook : sacred texts of the mystery religions of the ancient Mediterranean world
Greece before Homer : ancient chronology and mythology
Classical mythology in English literature : a critical anthology
Cassell dictionary of classical mythology
"Written for the way instructors teach and students learn, Classical Mythology in Context provides a truly contextualized treatment of classical myth that combines ancient sources, comparative perspectives, and modern and theoretical interpretations"--
Greek mythology / John Pinsent
From villain to hero : Odysseus in ancient thought
New Larousse encyclopedia of mythology
The pagan god : popular religion in the Greco-Roman Near East
Lexicon iconographicum mythologiae classicae (LIMC). 1, 2, Aara-Aphlad
The dictionary of classical mythology
From Persephone to Pan : D. H. Lawrence's mythopoeic vision of the integrated personality with special emphasis on the short fiction and other writings in the early nineteen twenties
Gods and heroes of classical antiquity
The Dictionary of Classical Myth and Religion offers a fully rounded and highly authoritative point of access to all aspects of ancient religious life and thought. Dr Simon Price and Dr Emily Kearns, area advisers for the third edition of the Oxford Classical Dictionary , have come together to select, revise, edit, and in some cases wholly recast, a large number of key entries from OCD to create this handy, accessible reference work on mythology and religion in the Graeco-Roman world. Bringing to the attention of a wider audience the authority and scholarly rigour of OCD , the Oxford Dictionary of Classical Myth and Religion provides students, teachers, and general readers with an affordable comprehensive, and wide-ranging A-Z reference source. The Dictionary is unique in that in addition to Greek myths and Roman festivals it covers Greek and Roman religious places, monuments, religious personnel, divination, astrology, and magic, and also contains many entries on Judaism and Christianity in Greek and Roman times.
Oracles, curses and risk among the ancient Greeks
The Oxford dictionary of classical myth and religion
Shield of thunder
After being tricked into releasing the gods from their capitiviy on Olympus, Helen Hamilton must find a way to re-imprison them without starting a devasting war, all while fighting the ever-growing passion she feels for her forbidden love, Lucas Delos.
Imagining the supernatural north
Dictionary of classical mythology : symbols, attributes & associations
The uses of Greek mythology
Greek and Hellenic culture in Joyce
Lexicon iconographicum mythologiae classicae (LIMC). 4,2, Eros-Herakles
From Ikaria to the stars : classical mythification, ancient and modern
Place-names in classical mythology : Greece
A brief history of the amazons : women warriors in myth and history
Daidalos and the origins of Greek art
Classic myth and legend
Greek mythology and poetics
Drakon: Dragon Myth and Serpent Cult in the Greek and Roman Worlds is the first substantial survey to be focally devoted to the 'dragon' or the supernatural serpent, the drakon or draco, in Greek and Roman myth and religion. Almost every major myth cycle of the Greek and Roman worlds featured a dragon-fight at its heart, including the sagas of Heracles, Jason, Perseus, Cadmus, and Odysseus. Asclepius, the single most beloved and influential of the pagan gods from the late Classical period until Late Antiquity, was often manifest as a giant serpent and even in his humanoid aspect carried a serpent on his staff. Detailed and authoritative, but lucidly presented, this volume incorporates analyses of all of antiquity's major dragon-slaying myths, and offers comprehensive accounts of the rich sources, literary and iconographic. Ogden also explores matters of cult and the initially paradoxical association of dragons and serpents with the most benign of deities, not only those of health and healing, like Asclepius and Hygieia, but also those of wealth and good luck, such as Zeus Meilichios and Agathos Daimon. The concluding chapter considers the roles of both pagan dragon-slaying narratives and pagan serpent cults in shaping the beginnings of the tradition of the saintly dragon- and serpent-slaying tales we cherish still, the tradition that culminates in our own stories of Saints George and Patrick.
Foundation myths in ancient societies : dialogues and discourses
Granddaughter of the sun : a study of Euripides' Medea
Lexicon iconographicum mythologiae classicae (LIMC). 4,1, Eros-Herakles
The ancient Greek myth of Hyperborea : its supernatural aspects and frameworks of meaning
Javier Teixidor has found evidence that belief in a supreme god developed during the first millennium B.C. The Phoenician and Aramaic inscriptions he discusses indicate a trend toward monotheism that facilitated the spread of Judaism, Christianity, and Islam. The author concludes that the traditional characteristics of the popular religions were preserved during this period and that the Hellenistic culture and the mystery cults did not have a significant effect on popular piety. Here, then, is a major reinterpretation of the religious life of the Near East in the Greco-Roman period based on a reliable source of information.
The Amazons : lives and legends of warrior women across the ancient world
Anthropomorphism and miracle
Patterns of transcendence : classical myth in Marina Tsvetaeva's poetry of the 1920s
Classical mythology : an annotated bibliographical survey
Classic ancient mythology
The supreme god of the ancient Athenian pantheon, Zeus was often the subject of Athenian art, especially in vase painting and sculpture, as well as a dominant figure in Greek myths and legends. This book presents a detailed study of the depiction of Zeus in one particular classical Athenian art for--the red-figured vase. Offering a close comparison of the artistic and literary versions of the myths surrounding Zeus, including the Gigantomachy, births of the other gods, libations and offerings to the gods, and the Judgement of Paris, Arafat here examines the narrative technique of allusion against the artistic portrayals of Zeus in a contemporary religious and political context. Juxtaposing vase painting with other art forms, Arafat distinguishes the function of the different social contexts in which Zeus appears, exploring the role that the study of vase painting plays in the reconstruction of lost sculpture.
Lexicon iconographicum mythologiae classicae (LIMC). 6, 1, Kentauroi et Kentaurides - Oiax : et addenda Hekate, Hekate (in Thracia), Heros Equitans, Kakasbos, Kekrops
Lexicon iconographicum mythologiae classicae (LIMC). 3, 1, Atherion-Eros
The staff of Serapis
Classical mythology
Lexicon iconographicum mythologiae classicae (LIMC). 5, 2, Herakles-Kenchrias : et addenda Epona, Galateia, Helios, Helios (in peripheria orientali), Helios/Usil
Lexicon iconographicum mythologiae classicae (LIMC). 2, 2, Aphrodisias-Athens
A brief history of the Amazons : women warriors in myth and history
A handbook of classical mythology
The handbook of classical mythology
The sea in the Greek imagination
Divination and interpretation of signs in the ancient world
The encyclopedia of mythology : classical, Celtic, Norse
Containing 25 contributions adapted from papers presented at the International Conference on Poetic Language and Religion in Greece and Rome, held at the University of Santiago de Compostela on 31st May - 1st June 2012. The book fulfils two principal aims: to highlight the impulse and continuity of a research field that combines Indo-European and classical studies, which has generally been recognised for several decades as a very fruitful collaboration, and to provide the academic community with the current results of one of the most important topics of classical studies.
Encyclopedia of ancient myths and culture
Roman mythology
Ancient Greek culture is pervaded by a profound ambivalence regarding female beauty. It is an awe-inspiring, supremely desirable gift from the gods, essential to the perpetuation of a man's name through reproduction; yet it also grants women terrifying power over men, posing a threat inseparable from its allure. The myth of Helen is the central site in which the ancient Greeks expressed and reworked their culture's anxieties about erotic desire. Despite the passage of three millennia, contemporary culture remains almost obsessively preoccupied with all the power and danger of female beauty and sexuality that Helen still represents. Yet Helen, the embodiment of these concerns for our purported cultural ancestors, has been little studied from this perspective. Such issues are also central to contemporary feminist thought.
Lexicon iconographicum mythologiae classicae (LIMC). 5, 1, Herakles-Kenchrias : et addenda Epona, Galateia, Helios, Helios (in peripheria orientali), Helios/Usil
Drakōn : dragon myth and serpent cult in the Greek and Roman worlds
Poetic language and religion in Greece and Rome
Roman mythology / Stewart Perowne
Who's who in mythology : classic guide to the ancient world
The olive wreath : the wreaths of the Olympic winners, symbolic and moral background : the olive and the olive wreaths in the civilization of the Greeks
Room's classical dictionary : the origins of the names of characters in classical mythology
Guide to Mount Parnassus and the Corycian caves
The son of Sobek : Percy Jackson & Kane Chronicles crossover
This handbook offers a comprehensive overview of scholarship in ancient Greek religion, from the Archaic to the Hellenistic periods. It presents not only key information, but also explores the ways in which such information is gathered and the different approaches that have shaped the area. In doing so, the volume provides a crucial research and orientation tool for students of the ancient world, and also makes a vital contribution to the key debates surrounding the conceptualization of ancient Greek religion. The handbook's initial chapters lay out the key dimensions of ancient Greek religion, approaches to evidence, and the representations of myths. The following chapters discuss the continuities and differences between religious practices in different cultures, including Egypt, the Near East, the Black Sea, and Bactria and India. The range of contributions emphasizes the diversity of relationships between mortals and the supernatural - in all their manifestations, across, between, and beyond ancient Greek cultures - and draws attention to religious activities as dynamic, highlighting how they changed over time, place, and context.
The lost hero : the graphic novel
Greek myth and western art : the presence of the past
The Cambridge companion to Greek mythology
Lexicon iconographicum mythologiae classicae (LIMC). 1, 1, Aara-Aphlad
The early Amazons : modern and ancient perspectives on a persistent myth
American women and classical myths
In a major revisionary approach to ancient Greek culture, Sarah Morris invokes as a paradigm the myths surrounding Daidalos to describe the profound influence of the Near East on Greece's artistic and literary origins. Her broad focus on the Mediterranean world combined with her interdisciplinary approach allows for new insights into a wide range of topics, including the meaning of myth, sculpture, the evolution of the alphabet, Homeric poetics, and Attic drama.
Fall of kings
The Titan's curse : the graohic novel
Art and myth in ancient Greece : a handbook
Lexicon iconographicum mythologiae classicae (LIMC). 3, 2, Atherion-Eros
Ateneum 1994 : Valtion taidemuseon museojulkaisu = Statens konstmuseums årsskrift = The Finnish National Gallery bulletin
Myth and tragedy in ancient Greece
Explores some of the richest, deepest and most influential tales ever told. Explains clearly how the Greek gods, mortals and their offspring are related to one another. Includes detailed genealogical tables of gods and heroes. Travels across the whole Greek world, tracing the journeys of Jason and the Argonauts, the labours of Herakles, the exploits of Theseus, the battle groups of the Trojan war. Gives the locations of all the principal mountains and rivers that feature in the world of myths. Shows how Greek myths have inspired wroters and artists from the Renaissance to the present day.
Classical Zeus : a study in art and literature
Hyperboreans : myth and history in Celtic-Hellenic contacts
Anthology of classical myth : primary sources in translation
Ladies : retold stories of goddesses and heroines
The oriental religions in Roman paganism
Poets, lovers, and heroes in Italian mythological prints
Lexicon iconographicum mythologiae classicae (LIMC). 4, 2, Eros-Herakles : et addenda Cernunnos, Demeter, Ceres, Bacchus (in peripheria occidentali), Erechteus
How philosophers saved myths : allegorical interpretation and classical mythology
Myths of the Greeks and Romans / Michael Grant
Ancient myths in the making of culture
Prolegomena to the study of Greek religion
Myths of Greece and Rome
Helen of Troy : beauty, myth, devastation
Andromeda and Pegasus : treatment of the themes of entrapment and escape in Edith Wharton's novels
Bacchanals by Titian and Rubens : papers given at a symposium in Nationalmuseum, Stockholm, March 18-19, 1987
The first fossil hunters : dinosaurs, mammoths, and myth in Greek and Roman times
Classical mythology in context
