http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18425 boarding schools
boarding schools
Almost English
Playing for keeps
Midnight masquerade with Princess Emma and Princess Jasmine
Upper fourth at Malory Towers
City of a thousand dolls
In the fifth
Infamous
Smol'nyj : 200 let = Smolny : 200 years history
Double trouble at L'etoile
The girl savage
The death house
Katie Milk solves crimes and so on..
Gunnerkrigg Court. Volume Two, Research
New term
Harry Potter and the prisoner of Azkaban
Second term at Trebizon
Torment
Winter term
The book of spells : a private prequel
The hour between : a novel
First term at Trebizon
Testimony
The nightmare affair
Return to Groosham Grange
I'd tell you I love you, but then I'd have to kill you
Mike and Psmith
Second form
Let's lose this teacher!
Etiquette and espionage
Carry on
Party poopers
The blood-and-thunder adventure on Hurricane Peak
Wishing for tomorrow
First term at L'Etoile : school for stars
Third year at Malory Towers
Hollowstone
Dead beautiful
Have you been good? : a memoir
The moth diaries
The long shadow
Last term
Daughter of smoke & bone
Gotham Academy. Volume 1, Welcome to Gotham Academy
The early years at Malory Towers
The shape of her
Manners & mutiny
Once upon a time : a story collection
Annie and Kat continue to uncover terrible secrets about their school, Gunnerkrigg Court, while relationships grow and the boundaries of reality are blurred. In the meantime, Coyote begins to show that things in the forest are not quite what they seem. Plus, Annie's second year at the Court comes to a dramatic end / WorldCat.
Looking for Alaska
Viola in the spotlight
St Trinian's : the cartoons
In an alternate England of 1851, Sophronia Temminnick is the only hope for her friends, her school, and all of London when she must put her espionage training to the test to thwart an evil Picklemen plot.
Upper fourth
Hollow fields. Volume 1
Alice-Miranda takes the lead
Going for gold
Harry Potter and the goblet of fire
What I was
Waistcoats & weaponry
Hollow fields. Omnibus collection
Among others
The nightmare dilemma
Daughter of smoke and bone
The lake of dead languages
Fun and games at Malory Towers
Dancing star
Secret of the Sevens
Firespell : a novel of the dark elite
Passion : a Fallen novel
Monster school
Gunnerkrigg Court. Volume Three, Reason
The life & adventures of Nicholas Nickleby
The whispers in the walls
Third year
The sweet far thing
Devious : an it girl novel
Fun and games
Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince
Alice-Miranda at camp
Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix
Elspeth Hart and the school for show-offs
Navigating early
Cat among the pigeons
A study in Charlotte
Ghost knight
In the fifth at Malory Towers
The sense of an ending
There's a mystery at the nearby stables - someone has stolen money and then poor Julie's horse. Can the third form help old girls Bill and Clarissa discover who is behind it?
Harry Potter and the philosopher's stone
Ever After High : the storybook of legends
The naughtiest girl collection
Sophronia continues her second year at finishing school in style - with a steel-bladed fan secreted in the folds of her ball gown, of course. Such a fashionable choice of weapon comes in handy when Sophronia, her best friend Dimity, sweet sootie Soap, and the charming Lord Felix Mersey stowaway on a train to return their classmate Sidheag to her werewolf pack in Scotland. Because no one would have suspected what - and who - they would find aboard the suspiciously empty train. Sophronia uncovers a plot that threatens to dissolve all of London into chaos and must decide where her loyalties lie once and for all.
A wonderlandiful world
Alice-Miranda at sea
Calling all birdbrains
Tommy Storm
The raven boys
Navigating Early
Isla and the happily ever after
Summer camp at Trebizon
Thérèse and Isabelle : unexpurgated text
Annie and her best friend Kat begin their second year at gloomy Gunnerkrigg Court, a very British boarding school that has robots running around along side body-snatching demons, forest gods, and the odd mythical creature. Finding a secret tomb of ancient robots beneath Kat's workshop leads the two friends to question how they are linked to the mysterious ghost that attacked Annie the year before. And as a new Medium In Training, Annie is able to visit the powerful trickster god Coyote in Gillitie Forest, a visit that reveals more than she ever imagined possible. Parts of Annie's past are revealed, as well as mysteries that tie back to the origins of the Court itself, in this sequel to Gunnerkrigg Court: Orientation / WorldCat.
Curtsies and conspiracies
In between dreams
Alice-Miranda at school
Harry Potter and the chamber of secrets
First term
The dragonfly pool
The white devil
Jo's boys
Harry Potter and the half-blood prince
Beswitched
That's not a feeling
The enchanted pony
Reckless : an it girl novel
Gentlemen & players
Last term at Malory towers
Wildefire
Vampire knight. Vol. 15
The new class
Seventeen-year-old Karou, a lovely, enigmatic art student in a Prague boarding school, carries a sketchbook of hideous, frightening monsters--the chimaerae who form the only family she has ever known.
