http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18486 Sanskrit language
Sanskrit language
Mahābhāsyadīpikā of Bhartrhari. Fascicule 4, Āhnika 1
A companion to contemporary Sanskrit
First lessons in Sanskrit grammar and reading
Siddham : an essay on the history of Sanskrit studies in China and Japan
Lexicography : (a course of three special lectures delivered at the Linguistics Department of the Annamalai University)
Devavn̄īpravesikā : an introduction to the Sanskrit language
Dictionary of Pānini : Ganapātha. 5-7, Pāninian studies
The second, third and fourth books of the Hitopade'sa: containing the Sanskrit text : with interlinear transliteration
Matriculation Sanskrit grammar : with hints on and passages for translation into Sanskrit
The Old Indo-Aryan : a historical & comparative grammar. Vol. 1, A historical & comparative grammar of the Sanskrit language
Bharatakośa : a dictionary of technical terms with definions collected from the works of music and dramaturgy by Bharata and others
A practical Sanskrit dictionary with transliteration, accentuation, and etymological analysis throughout
Essays analytical, critical and philological on subjects connected with Sanskrit literature. Vol. 2
The student's English-Sanskrit dictionary
History of Krsiśastra
A grammar of epic Sanskrit
Dakshināmūrti's Uddhāra-kośa : a dictionary of the secret Tantric syllabic code
Sanskrit historical phonology : a simplified outline for the use of beginners in Sanskrit
The concise sanskrit-english dictionary
The Śivakosa of Śivadatta Miśra
Sanskrit syntax and the grammar of case : [a study in transformational generative grammar]
The language of Atharva-Veda
Sanskrit sandhi and exercises
Wilson philological lectures : (on Sanskrit and the derived languages)
The Vyākarana-mahābhāṣya of Patañjali. Part 1, (Āhnikas 1st to 4th)
Buddhist hybrid Sanskrit grammar and dictionary. Vol. 1-2, Vol. 1: Grammar; Vol. 2: Dictionary
A dictionary of English-Indian terms of administration
A bibliography of the Sanskrit drama : with an introductory sketch of the dramatic literature of India
Sanskrit studies outside India. Part 1, Reports from different countries (A-M)
The denotation of generic terms in ancient Indian philosophy : grammar, Nyaya, and Mimamsa
Ashrafpur copper-plate grants of Devakhaḍga
A Sanskrit-English dictionary
Śvarasiddhāntacandrikā of Śrinivāsayajvan
Vyākarana Mahābhāṣya of Patañjali on Pāṇini 3. 1 (āhnikas 1 to 6) : text, translation with introduction and technical notes
Mahābhāsyadīpikā of Bhartrhari. Fascicule 6, Āhnika 4
Sanskrit : essentials of grammar and language
Sanskrit manual : a quick-reference guide to the phonology and grammar of classical Sanskrit
The Ashṭādhyāyī of Paṇini. 2
Descriptive catalogue of Sanskrit manuscipts = Likhita-grantha-sūcī. Vol. 2, Śrauta-prayogas
The Sphota theory of language : a philosophical analysis
Linguistic introduction to Sanskrit
Ekārthanāmamālā-dvyaksaranāmamālā of Saubhari
Mahābhāsyadīpikā of Bhartrhari. Fascicule 1, Āhnika 3
An introduction to Pānini. Book 4
Survey of Sanskrit literature
The Old Indo-Aryan : a historical & comparative grammar. Vol. 2, A historical & comparative grammar of the Sanskrit language
Mahābhāsyadīpikā of Bhartrhari. Fascicule 8, Āhnika 7
Emphasizing and connecting particles in the thirteen principal Upanishads
An encyclopaedic dictionary of Sanskrit on historical principles. Vol. 3
The poetic light : Kāvyaprakāśa of Mammata. Vol. 1, Ullāsas I-VI : text with translation & Sampradāyaprakāśinī of Śrīvidyācakravartin
The Cullavagga
The roots, verb-forms and primary derivatives of the Sanskrit language : a supplement to his Sanskrit grammar
Mahābhāsyadīpikā of Bhartrhari. Fascicule 2, Āhnika 5
The Vyākarana-mahābhāsya of Patañjali. Vol. 1-2, 2: Adhyāyas III, IV and V
A dictionary, English and Sanskrit
Mahābhāsyadīpikā of Bhartrhari. Fascicule 7, Āhnika 6, Part 2
A grammar of the Prajñā-pāramitā-ratna-guna-samcaya-gāthā : (Sanskrit recension A)
The Ashṭādhyāyī of Pāṇini. 1
Mahābhāsyadīpikā of Bhartrhari. Fascicule 5, Āhnika 2
A dictionary in Sanskrit and English : translated and amended from an original composition prepared by learned natives for the College of Fort William
The Sanskrit language
Essays analytical, critical and philological on subjects connected with Sanskrit literature. Vol. 3
A Sanskrit grammar for students
A Sanskrit-English dictionary : etymologically and philologically arranged : with special reference to cognate Indo-European languages
Mahābhāsyadīpikā of Bhartrhari. Fascicule 3, Āhnika 6, Part 1
A Sanskrit reader : text and vocabulary and notes
Proceedings of the Winter Institute on ancient Indian theories on sentence-meaning : (held in March 1979)
Kamadhenu = Kāmadhenuḥ : [a concise form of lessons of 40 days course in Sanskrit in English medium]
Elementary English-Indian dictionary of scientific terms
Sanskrit-English dictionary : etymologically and philologically arranged with special reference to cognate Indo-European languages
Essays in Sanskrit criticism
Essays analytical, critical and philological on subjects connected with Sanskrit literature. Vol. 1
9th world Sanskrit conference, Melbourne, January 9th to 15th, 1994.
The sanskrit language : an introductory grammar and reader
Mongol-Sanskrit dictionary : with a Sanskrit-Mongol index
The Vyākarana-mahābhāṣya of Patañjali. Part 2, (Āhnikas 5 to 9)
Descriptive catalogue of Sanskrit manuscipts = Likhita-grantha-sūcī. Vol. 1, Veda and Vedic
Lingānuśāsana of Durgasiṁha
The consolidated great English-Indian dictionary of technical terms : pertaining to accounts and administration, anatomy, bacteriology, banking, biochemistry, botany, chemistry, civics, commerence and finance, constitution, dyes and colours, economics, education, engineering, insurance, law, mathematics, medicine, mineralogy, newspapers, optics, parasitology, pharmacy, physics, physiology, politics, radio, railway, statistics, zoology, etc., etc
A comprehensive grammar of the Sanskrit language : analytical, historical and lexicographical with a prefatory translation and examination of Pingala Sutras and the prosodical parts of the Shaunaka Rk Pratishakhya and supplementary edition of Agneya Chandassara and Kedara Bhatta's Vrtta Ratnakara with Narayana Bhatta's commentary containing a succinct account of Prakrta Prosody and full discussion of metrical problems
The Bakhshālī manuscript : an ancient Indian mathematical treatise
The siddhānta kaumudī of Bhattoji Dīksita. Vol. 1-2
Future of indology
An account of the different existing : systems of Sanskrit grammar : being the Vishwanath Narayan Mandlik gold medal prize-essay for 1909
The first book of the Hitopade'sa: containing the Sanskrit text : with interlinear transliteration, grammatical analysis, and English translation
Rückläufiges Wörterbuch des Altindischen = Reverse index of Old Indian
Sanskrit compunds : a philosophical study
Sanskrit inscriptions of Delhi sultanate 1191-1526
Grammatical method in Pāṇini : his treatment of Sanskrit present stems
Selections from Sanskrit inscriptions (2nd cent. to 8. cent. A.D.) : text, complete translation into English, historical, poetical importances, introductory and literary notes
The contribution of Kerala to Sanskrit literature
The Ashṭādhyāyī of Pāṇini. Vol. 1
International Conference on Sanskrit and related studies September 23-26, 1993 : (proceedings)
The consolidated great English-Indian dictionary
Descriptive catalogue of the government collections of manuscripts deposited at the Bhandarkar Oriental Research Institute. 2,1, Grammar : Vedic & Pāṇinīya
An outline syntax of buddhistic sanskrit
The Sāmaveda
Puranic etymologies and flexible forms : (some glimpses)
