http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18400 comments (opinions)
comments (opinions)
Blown for good : behind the iron curtain of Scientology
This publication presents African social, historical and cross continental perspectives on Chinese invlovement in Africa.
A general introduction to the Porvoo communion of churches : short comment from Norweigian, Lutheran point of view
Against architecture
Stay : a history of suicide and the philosophies against it
I fill this small space : the writings of a deaf activist
Politics at the margin : historical studies of public expression outside the mainstream
Epistemic, interpersonal, and moral stances in the construction of us and them in Christian metal lyrics
Scientology : abuse at the top
America again : re-becoming the greatness we never weren't
Worldwide, more people die by suicide than by murder, and many more are left behind to grieve. Despite distressing statistics that show suicide rates rising, the subject, long a taboo, is infrequently talked about. In this sweeping intellectual and cultural history, poet and historian Jennifer Michael Hecht channels her grief for two friends lost to suicide into a search for history's most persuasive arguments against the irretrievable act, arguments she hopes to bring back into public consciousness. From the Stoics and the Bible to Dante, Shakespeare, Wittgenstein, and such twentieth-century writers as John Berryman, Hecht recasts the narrative of our "secular age" in new terms. She shows how religious prohibitions against self-killing were replaced by the Enlightenment's insistence on the rights of the individual, even when those rights had troubling applications. This transition, she movingly argues, resulted in a profound cultural and moral loss: the loss of shared, secular, logical arguments against suicide. By examining how people in other times have found powerful reasons to stay alive when suicide seems a tempting choice, she makes a persuasive intellectual and moral case against suicide.
Living as form : socially engaged art from 1991-2011
Let every nation know : John F. Kennedy in his own words
Beyond democracy : why democracy does not lead to solidarity, prosperity and liberty but to social conflict, runaway spending and a tyrannical government
Contemporary ethical questions : and the Evangelical Lutheran Church of Finland
Fashion statements : interviews with fashion designers
America : sovereign defender or cowboy nation?
I am America (and so can you!)
African perspectives on China in Africa
Seeing writing
Issues in human sexuality
Exporting democracy : rhetoric vs. reality
Public papers of the presidents of the United States. Harry S. Truman, 1951 : January 1 to December 31, 1951.
Precarious life : the powers of mourning and violence
Barack Obama in his own words
Die Einstellungen und die Politik der nationalen Sprachinstitute in Europa zu Englisch als europäische Lingua franca = European natiomal language institutions' attitudes and politics towards English as the European lingua franca = Positions et stratégies des institutions linguistiques nationales en Europe face à la question de l'anglais comme lingua franca européenne
Here I stand : perspective from another point of view
A moment of truth : a word of faith, hope, and love from the heart of Palestinian suffering : Kairos Palestine 2009
Exporting democracy
