http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18443 western films
western films
Cowboy metaphysics : ethics and death in westerns
Western film themes : 60 stirring and memorable themes on 3 CD's
Print The Legend : the life and times of John Ford
Once upon a time in the Italian west : the filmgoers' guide to spaghetti westerns
Cahill : lännen sheriffi
Songs of the West. Volume three : Gene Autry & Roy Rogers
From Alamo to El Dorado. Vol. 2: Great western movie & TV soundtracks
Django unchained
The Life and times of the western movie
Django : original motion picture soundtrack
Rooster Gogburn & Lady
The Magnificent Westerns
Spaghetti westerns. Volume two
A fistful of dynamite = Duck you sucker
The landscape of Hollywood westerns : ecocriticism in an American film genre
Songs of the West. Volume one : Cowboy classics
The A to Z of Westerns in cinema
The western : The Aurum film encyclopedia The western
The Western
The western films of John Ford
Clint : the life and legend
New Hollywood : der amerikanische Film nach 1968 : the American film after 1968
The BFI companion to the western
A pictorial history of the western films
The rough guide to westerns
Way out west : essential western film music collection 2.
Monte Walsh
Songs of the West. Volume two : silver screen cowboys
The Homesman
Songs of the west. Volume 4, Movie & television themes
The legendary Italian westerns
Peckinpah : the Western films : a reconsideration
Sergio Leone : once upon a time in Italy
The crowded prairie : American national identity in the Hollywood western
Sheriffi : High noon
100 greatest western themes : six cd box set
Radical frontiers in the spaghetti western : politics, violence and popular Italian cinema
Cowboy movies
Hollywood, Westerns and the 1930s : the lost trail
Western films : a complete guide
Once upon a time in Hollywood
Spaghetti westerns : cowboys and Europeans from Karl May to Sergio Leone
Happy trails
Rawhide
Cowboys & aliens
How Hollywood invented the Wild West : featuring The real West, Campfire melodies, Matinee idols, Four legged friends, Cowgirls & lone guns
"In Undead in the West: Vampires, Zombies, Mummies, and Ghosts on the Cinematic Frontier, Cynthia J. Miller and A. Bowdoin Van Riper have assembled a collection of essays that explore the many tropes and themes through which undead Westerns make the genre's inner plagues and demons visible, and lay siege to a frontier tied to myths of strength, ingenuity, freedom, and independence. The volume is divided into three sections: "Reanimating Classic Western Tropes" examines traditional Western characters, symbolism, and plot devices and how they are given new life in undead Westerns; "The Moral Order Under Siege" explores the ways in which the undead confront classic values and morality tales embodied in Western films; and "And Hell Followed with Him" looks at justice, retribution, and retaliation at the hands of undead angels and avenger. The subjects explored here run the gamut from such B films as Curse of the Undead and Billy the Kid vs. Dracula to A-list features like From Dusk 'til Dawn and Jonah Hex, as well as animated films (Rango) and television programs (The Walking Dead and Supernatural). Other films discussed include Sam Raimi's Bubba Ho-Tep, John Carpenter's Vampires, George Romero's Land of the Dead, and Sergio Leone's Once Upon a Time in the West. Featuring several illustrations and a filmography, Undead in the West will appeal to film scholars, especially those interested in hybrid genres, as well as fans of the Western and the supernatural in cinema."--Publisher description.
John Wayne : the genuine article : the untold story of an American legend
Riders in the sky : scenes from the American West
Way out west : essential western film music collection 2
Spaghetti westerns. Volume three
The western : an illustrated guide
Best western movies : winning pictures, favorite films and Hollywood "B" entries
The magnificent westerns : the ultimate collection of western film & TV themes
The Jack Bull
Geronimo : an American legend
Spaghetti westerns : cowboys and Europeans from Karl Marx to Sergio Leone
The western film world of Dimitri Tiomkin
Great Hollywood westerns
Canto Morricone. Vol. 2 : Western Songs & Ballads : The Ennio Morricone Songbook
Straight to hell : returns
Sheriffi
Straight to Hell : returns
Westerns : aspects of a movie genre
Johnny Guitar
The very best of Erich Kunzel and the Cincinnati Pops : top 20.
Any gun can play : the essential guide to Euro-westerns
Action TV : tough-guys, smooth operators and foxy chicks
Western film themes : the essential album
Music for the movies of Clint Eastwood
Huuliharppukostaja = Once upon a time in the west
Walker : original motion picture soundtrack
The BFI companion to the Western
Cold vengeance
American and Italian western screen themes
The westerns : music and songs from classic westerns
How the West was won : original motion picture soundtrack
The western : from silents to cinerama
Spaghetti westerns. Volume one
How the west was won : original motion picture soundtrack
Wyatt Earp
John Wayne's West : in music and poster art
Flashback : films and history
Undead in the West : vampires, zombies, mummies, and ghosts on the cinematic frontier
Spaghetti westerns. Volume four
Sergio Leone : something to do with death
Horizons West : directing the western from John Ford to Clint Eastwood
Stagecoach to Tombstone : the filmgoers' guide to the great westerns
The Movie book of the western
He was some kind of a man : masculinities in the B western
A million ways to die in the West
The soundtracks
Armoton
WILD WEST MOVIES OR HOW THE WEST WAS FOUND, WON, LOST, LIED ABOUT, FILMED AND FORGOTTEN
Wild west movies, or, How the west was found, won, lost, lied about, filmed and forgotten
The life and times of the Western movie
Kosto odottaa = Death rides a horse
Performing difference : representations of "the other" in film and theater
Round-up
The western
The Western genre : from Lordsburg to Big Whiskey
My delicious spaghetti western : a collection of famous spagetti western soundtracks
