http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18454 safety regulations
safety regulations
Abstract.
Practical airport operations, safety, and emergency management : protocols for today and the future
Chemicals control in Finland
Clinical laboratory safety : approved guideline
FAO/WHO Global Forum of Food Safety Regulators, 28-30 January 2002, Marrakesh, Morocco : improving efficiency and transparency in food safety systems - sharing experiences : proceedings of the Forum
Compliance and enforcement of regulations of international road haulage : exploratory findings in the Baltic Sea Region in 2009
Changing regulation : controlling risks in society
Liquefied gas handling principles : on ships and in terminals
The biocides business : regulation, safety and applications
Maritime security - current problems in the Baltic Sea : conference in cooperation with the International Tribunal for the Law of the Sea, May 9th-11th, 2007
Koneiden turvallisuus. Osa 3, Suojukset, turvalaitteet, hätäpysäytys, odottamattoman käynnistymisen esto = Safety of machinery. Part 3, Guards, protective devices, emergency stop, prevention of unexpected start-up
It is commonly recognised that commercial security, in its different forms, has become an important element in societies as a provider of private and public security. The reasons for this development are manifold but can be seen to well from the changes in individual societies and their governance structures. Because of the growth of the security industry, many regulatory regimes have considered some form of industry regulation to be necessary. Some private security research has been carried out during the last 40 years. Most of the published texts have handled the situation in individual countries. The published studies are in most cases theoretical and based on existing documentary sources. In this study local interviews in six regulatory regimes; Belgium, Estonia, New York, Queensland, South Africa and Sweden, as well as transnational sources are used to make comparisons of different regulation solutions.
Damage stability calculations renewal for passenger ships
Emergencies in public law : the legal politics of containment
Inherently safer chemical processes : a life cycle approach
Specifications for electrical equipment
Koneiden turvallisuus. Osa 7, Ergonomiset periaatteet, henkinen työkuormitus = Safety of machinery. Part 7, Ergonomic principles, mental workload
The limits of safety : organizations, accidents, and nuclear weapons
2nd FAO/WHO Global Forum of Food Safety Regulators, 12-14 October 2004, Bangkok, Thailand : building effective food safety systems : proceedings of the Forum
Jakokeskukset = Low-voltage switchgear and controlgear assemblies
Security : an introduction
New IMO requirements entry into force 1998.07.01 consequences for Kvaerner Masa-Yards "Eagle"-project
Puuntyöstötyökalut : turvallisuusvaatimukset : standardi = Tools for woodworking : safety requirements. Osa 3, Kiinnityslaitteet = Clamping devices
Public perceptions of GMOs in food in Turkey : a pilot survey
Handbook of international electrical safety practices
Handbook of modern hospital safety
In the interests of safety : the absurd rules that blight our lives and how we can change them
Decision of the National Board of Labour Protection concerning material safety data sheets for dangerous chemicals ; Instructions for compiling the material safety data sheet
Safety management : a guide for facility managers
Stability of tank vehicles
The legal framework of the international safety management code and its role in Hull insurance (Ships)
Assurer la sécurité du milieu éducatif = Providing a secure environment for learning
There is, however, a basic problem with definitions, vocabulary and statistics concerning private and commercial security. A common platform is missing, which means that in this study some basic elements have been defined in order to be able to make structured analyses. The existing situation and interview comments concerning private security regulation have been used to analyse the industry, its challenges and its future development. The thesis tries to answer the questions why, what/who and how to regulate in general and more specifically in the six chosen regulatory regimes. Many of the industry’s challenges and trends can be understood through an examination of existing systems of private security regulation: legal apparatus that reveals how commercial security is positioned in different societies.
Port State control
Autonostimet : tarkastusohjeet = Billyftar : anvisningar för besiktning = Vechile lifts : instructions for examination
The guarding of cultural property
Safety in the chemical laboratory. Vol. 4
IEE wiring regulations : design and verification of electrical installations
Interior graphic and design standards
Courthouse violence : protecting the judicial workplace
Safe, secure & efficient shipping on clean oceans
Mechanisms in the Chain of Safety : research and Operational Experiences in Aviation Psychology
Sfs-käsikirja. 93-8, Koneiden turvallisuus : Safety of machinery. Osa 8: Ohjaimet, merkinantolaitteet, merkinantosignaalit, turvamerkinnät ; Manual controls, displays, signals, safety signs
Regulation of manned commercial security services : a transnational comparative study of Belgium, Estonia, New York, Queensland, South Africa and Sweden
Electrical safety handbook
This package deals with the entering of enclosed spaces on board vessels. It shows what can happen when no precautions are taken resulting in tragic circumstances. The video shows the hazards in enclosed spaces: the 'physical', such as ladders, slippery surfaces, projections, loose objects and unguarded entrances. It then also shows the 'atmospherical', such as flammable and toxic gases and deficient atmospheres. The film then shows the correct procedure for entering an enclosed space, with the emphasis on safety precautions, using a check list, test equipment, breathing apparatus and assistance at all times.
How to keep young children safe
17th edition IEE wiring regulations : explained and illustrated
Breaking the vicious circle : toward effective risk regulation
The findings of this thesis confirm that private as well as commercial security regulation is very much a ‘command and control’ and ‘top-down’ procedure, bound to the general situation in each individual regulatory regime, and reflecting the cultures of the societies. The regulation texts as such may look quite similar, but the actual reasons for and practical implementations of them are locally specific and related to individual states’ overall governance practices and administrative maturity.
General aviation security : aircraft, hangars, fixed-base operations, flight schools, and airports
IEE wiring regulations : inspection, testing and certification
International code of safety for high-speed craft (HSC CODE) : resolution MSC.36(63) adopted on 20 May 1994.
Safety of electrical installations up to 1000 Volts
Architectural security codes and guidelines : best practices for today's construction challenges
SOLAS : consolidated edition, 1992 : consolidated text of the International Convention for the Safety of Life at Sea, 1974, and its protocol of 1978: articles, annex and certificates
Tulityöturvallisuus = Safety in hot works. Osa 2 = Part 2, Standardit = Standards
Chemicals control in Finland : legislation and authorities
Lelujen turvallisuus = Safety of toys
17th edition IEE wiring regulations : design and verification of electrical installations
ISM code and guidelines on implementation of the ISM Code : 2010 Edition
Safety in the chemical laboratory
Safety aspects of hazardous wastes : proceedings of a Round Table, Dublin, November 27-29.1985
Tulityöturvallisuus = Safety in hot works. Osa 2, Standardit = Standards
Sähkökäyttöiset lääkintälaitteet : yleiset turvallisuusvaatimukset = Elektromedicinsk utrustning : allmänna säkerhetsbestämmelser = Safety of medical electrical equipment : general requirements
Rules of procedure : Convention on the transboundary effects of industrial accidents = Règlement intérieur : Convention sur les effets transfrontières des accidents industriels = Pravila procedury : Konvenciâ o transgraničnom vozdejstvii promyšlennyh avarij
Protecting historic architecture and museum collections from natural disasters
Campus emergency preparedness : meeting ICS and NIMS compliance
Illustrates, in words and images, the many different ways in which the objectives of the Organization - Safe, secure and efficient shipping on clean oceans - are achieved. The 14-minute long DVD includes a choice of English, French and Spanish soundtracks and is recommended for anyone with a general interest in the work of IMO. It will be of particular interest students at nautical colleges and teachers and lecturers involved in maritime training, but will also be suitable for use in commercial settings where maritime issues are relevant.
Hazard mitigation in emergency management
Biosafety in industrial biotechnology
Safety and health for production agriculture
Guidelines on the application of the IMO international safety management  (ISM) Code
International Safety Management Code, ISM Code with guidelines, 2014 Edition
Fire safety management handbook
Nutrition in the '90s : current controversies and analysis
Protection of assets : legal issues
Entering into enclosed spaces
A practical guide to health and safety in the entertainment industry
Ship Repair and Maintenance Handbook 2004
"This book addresses the need for security, how to identify the threat against and level of security needed to protect assets, and security theories and concepts used to provide an acceptable level of security. Security practices are intermingled with safety issues. OSHA and Fire Regulations complement an overall loss prevention program. This text introduces the Security practitioner to basic tenets of safety and safety management. Safety practitioners will find this book of value in understanding physical security theories, concerns, and practices"--
Practical aviation security : predicting and preventing future threats
Dangerous goods by sea : recognizing the hazards
Machinery : useful facts in relation to directive 98/37/EC
Physical security and safety : a field guide for the practitioner
Safety in hazardous wastes
Gymnastics safety manual : The official manual of the United States gymnastics safety association
A manual of basic museum security
IEE wiring regulations : explained and illustrated
Koneiden turvallisuus = Safety of machinery. Osa 2, Suojaustekniikka, turvaetäisyydet = Safeguarding, safety distances
Security planning and design : a guide for architects and building design professionals
Design and safety features of nuclear reactors neighbouring the Nordic Countries : final report of the Nordic Nuclear Safety Research Project SIK-3
Machinery : useful facts in relation to directive 89/392/EEC
Safety at an International Airport – Case Study: Helsinki Airport
Regulatory control of nuclear safety in Finland : annual report 1997
Code on alarms and indicators, 1995.
Sense and reason in the laboratory : risks and safety in the laboratory
Trapping safety into rules : how desirable or avoidable is proceduralization?
Hazardous materials in the histopathology laboratory : regulations, risks, handling and disposal
Procedures for port state control 2011
DISC : demonstration of ISC-DISC
