http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18446 logs of wood
logs of wood
Posttraumatic stress symptoms among school personnel after the Jokela school shooting : a longitudinal study of exposure, interventions, and symptom changes
Estimating tree size distributions and timber assortment recoveries for wood procurement planning using airborne laser scanning
Insect borer risk in harvesting of miombo timber
Journal of bodywork and movement therapies
Caring teaching elements in an emergency context : teacher's conceptions of caring and protective teaching elements in Rwamwanja refugee settlement schools
Keys to successful integration : importance of social relations on the first-phase integration of Burmese refugees in Rovaniemi
WHY? HOW? and WHO? : a study on life dynamics and experiences of 50+ people living with HIV/AIDS in Finland
Work in care for the elderly : combining theories of job design, stress, information processing and organizational cultures
Kotihoidon laskenta 30.11.2010 = Klientinventering inom hemvården 30.11.2010 = Count of Regular Home-Care Clients on 30 November of 2010
Neck, shoulder, and low back pain in adolescence
Social policy change through participation : does parents' participation make a difference in the reform of services for children, adolescents and families?
"No one bothers you here" : clients̕ experiences on the psychosocial support and the services in a maintenance treatment community
Detection of knots in logs using x-ray imaging
Abstract (s. 4) .
Developing Sievo's customer support
A preliminary study of insects attacking freshly cut logs of some exotic plantation tree species in Zambia
Mechanical binding of log bundles for floating
Muscle : fundamental biology and mechanisms of disease
Trauma and Orthopaedics at a Glance is an easy-to-read, highly visual guide to orthopaedics. It comprehensively covers relevant basic science and clinically-oriented anatomy of the musculoskeletal system, and the diagnosis and management of trauma, sports injuries, paediatric orthopaedics, degenerative disease, and musculoskeletal tumours. Although primarily aimed at junior doctors and senior medical students, it is also useful for physiotherapists and nurse practitioners.
Major incident procedure : case OMX Group
Estimating species-specific diameter distributions and saw log recoveries of boreal forests from airborne laser scanning data and aerial photographs : a distribution-based approach
Timber quality preservation
Technical properties of mature birch (Betula pendula and B. pubescens) for saw milling in Finland
"No one bothers you here" : Clients' experiences on the psychosocial support and the services in a maintenance treatment community
Manual therapy : an international journal of musculoskeletal therapy
Orthopedic Physical Assessment
Art for the disabled scheme : a chinese project to enhance limb-disabled students’ social inclusion through charity and art
Ultrasound imaging and low back pain
Design and evaluation of an optical scanner based log grading and sorting system for Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris L.) sawlogs
Fiber property models for Norway spruce trees and logs
Calibration of the tree size distributions by combining the area-based approach and the individual tree detection using the airborne laser scanning
Econometric models of Finnish non-industrial private forest owners' timber supply and timber stock
Musculoskeletal disorders and the workplace : low back and upper extremities
Arthritis and arthralgia three years after Sindbis virus infection : clinical follow-up of a cohort of 49 patient
Occupational ergonomics : work related musculoskeletal disorders of the upper limb and back
Narratives of recovery from mental illness : the role of peer support
On the analysis of cubic smoothing spline-based stem curve prediction for forest harvesters
Prediction and characteristics of marked stand and metrics for similarity of log distribution for wood procurement management
Logging and log transport in tropical high forest : a manual on production and costs
Abstract:
Therapeutic aspects of engagement in occupations : in the context of day care for older people and patients in palliative care
Assessing stem qualities and using dynamic programming to predict log-product volumes in inventory
Storing beetle-killed logs under snow to reduce losses after mountain pine beetle attack
Supporting collaborative development:cognitive challenges and solutions of developing embedded systems
Revisiting the buffers of job insecurity : investigating new buffering factors between perceived job insecurity and employee outcomes
Size, quantity, and distribution of pitch pockets in saw logs of spruce (Picea abies [L.] Karst.) from 26 stands in Sweden
Genetic risk factors for lumbar intervertebral disc disease characterized by sciatica
Optimisation of wood losses in log debarking drum
Sawlog quality of Nordic softwood : measurable properties and quantitative models for heartwood, spiral grain and log geometry
An evaluation of the impact of commercial forest policy in the Indonesian economy
Sickness absence according to diagnoses among employees in food industry from 2003 to 2008
The prediction of single-tree biomass, logging recoveries and quality attributes with laser scanning techniques
Psychosocial support after traumatic experience : helpers' perspectives from different cultures
Online social support : the interplay of social networks and computer-mediated communication
Orthopaedic and trauma nursing : an evidence-based approach to musculoskeletal care
Trauma and Orthopaedics at a Glance
Summary.
Living arrangements and their association to physical function at the ages of 90 and over
Spaces of wellbeing : what is so special about special needs art studios?
Interdependence of the sawlog, pulpwood and sawmill chip markets : an oligopsony model with an application to Finland
Methodological aspects of use of infrared thermography in healthy individuals and patients with non-specific musculoskeletal disorders
Resource-enhancing nursing at home for families with small children : evaluation of early interventions
Properties and uses of New Zealand Radiata pine. Vol. 1, Wood properties
Engaged or Not? A Comparative Study on Factors Inducing Work Engagement in Call Center and Service Sector Work.
On-site support and service desk operations enhancement and optimization
Journal of musculoskeletal pain
"This book investigates the practical and ritual dimensions of trees and timber in the Bronze Age and Iron Age of Scandinavia. The arguments are developed through the study of a broad range of materials including rock-art images depicting trees, charcoal from archaeological contexts identified to species, and prehistoric long-houses. The archaeological remains are related to a wider discussion in anthropology and historical ecology concerning the multifaceted relationship between humans and trees"--P. 65
Investigations into pine tree grading methods and their accuracy.
The psychosocial wellbeing of orphans and youth in Rwanda : analysis of predictors, culnerability factors and buffers
The significance of trees : an archaeological perspective
Between neuroradiology and neurophysiology : new insights in neural mechanisms
In educational political discussions diversity is approached as a challenge connected to cognitive,  linguistic, cultural, ethnic or sex questions. The greatest obstacles of inclusion are connected to  attitudes towards diversity. Vocational education in Finland is striving to create learning environments,  schools, educational organizations, work life and possibilities to include mixed ability students  according to inclusive ideology. Implementing those principles is supported by commitment, new  pedagogical solutions, curricula, learning environments, flexible and individual learning paths and  teachers' professional competencies. The aim is to make special needs students study together with  fellow students in an environment suitable to learning and studying, despite different starting points.  The number of special needs students has increased in vocational institutes. All teachers should have  special pedagogical preparedness in teacher education.  The research questions were:  1. What kind of experiences do teachers have for teaching/ guiding special needs students in an  inclusive learning environment at vocational secondary level?  2. What kind of competences do teachers think they are expected to have in teaching/ guiding special  needs students at vocational secondary level?  3. What kind of experiences do vocational teachers have to support special needs students in practice?  The research material consisted of semi-structured thematic interviews of seven (N=7) vocational  teachers in 2015 – 2016 from five various fields of science, with professional experience ranging from  5 to 28 years. The interviews were transcribed word for word.  The analyzing method was qualitative contents analysis. Attention was paid to similarities and  differences of opinions. Efforts were made to create a global and clear picture of the phenomenon to  be studied. Thus this research aims at the interpretation of individual experiences.  The research outcomes show that vocational teachers experience daily activities positively in inclusive  learning environments. Efforts of education organizers are praised for special pedagogical solutions,  various forms of support and guidance. The significance of a teacher's personal attitude to students'  progress is also clearly observable. Although the work is challenging and requires giving up traditional  teacher roles, experiences of success are rewarding and encouraging. Teachers feel that when a worry  appears, the matters must be grabbed immediately.
Critical perspectives on user involvement
Infrared thermography in the evaluation of skin temperature : applications in musculoskeletal conditions
Small animal arthroscopy : challenging and usefull
Cointegration in testing market integration : an empirical analysis of Finnish roundwood markets
Econometric models on the Finnish roundwood market
Consequences of hazardous dietary calcium deficiency for fattening bulls
Summary in Finnish.
Finland's family policy
Trauma recovery after a school shooting : the role of theory-based psychosocial care and attachment in facilitating recovery
Effects of sale-specific factors on stumpage prices in Finland
Musculoskeletal disorders and physical strain among food factory workers
Accumulation of disparity in physical activity in old age
Ache and melancholy : co-occurence of musculoskeletal pain and depressive symptoms in Finland
Vocational Teacher's Competence in Inclusive Learning Environment
Flexible multibody simulation approach in the dynamic analysis of bone strains during physical activity
Magnetic resonance imaging-guided percutaneous musculoskeletal biopsies and therapeutic bone drillings
Bridging the islands of society : modeling delinquency prevention through optimization of social support
A comparison of wood quality between mixed stands and monocultures of Norway spruce
The representations of social support from external resources by families raising children with severe disability in connection with dolphin assisted therapy
Short term demand for and supply of sawlogs in Finland
Crystals of Schoolchildren’s Well-Being. Cross-Border Training Material for Promoting Psychosocial Well-Being through School Education
Pest risk assessment of the importation into the United States of unprocessed logs and chips of eighteen eucalypt species from Australia
The measurement of roundwood : methodologies and conversion ratios
Classification and presentation of softwood sawlogs
Family support : direction from diversity
Prediction of characteristics of marked stand and metrics for similarity of log distribution for wood procurement management
Economical and biological production possibilities of broadleaves in long term forest production analyses = Økonomiske og biologiske produksjonsmuligheter for lauvtrœr i langsiktige skogproduksjonsanalyser
Multi-site musculoskeletal pain in adolescence: occurrence, determinants, and consequences
Immediate effects of logging, mounding and removal of logging residues and stumps on coarse woody debris in managed boreal Norway spruce stands
Repeatability in automatic sorting of curved Norway spruce saw logs
Motivate and reward : performance appraisal and incentive systems for business success
Evowood - visuaalista vaihtelua = Evowood - for visual variation
Group psychoeducation for forensic long-term patients with schizophrenia
Work exposure and complaints in a sample of French and Norwegian forest machine operators : a comparative field study within the ErgoWood programme
Finnish athletes' expectations about physiotherapy in sport injury rehabilitation
Colour response in drying of nordic hardwoods
The work-family conflict and related social support among expatriates in dual-earner families
