http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18471 curiosity
curiosity
The heart and the bottle
Curious : the desire to know & why your future depends on it
Restless mind : curiositas & the scope of inquiry in St. Augustine's psychology
Innovation competence as part of the new hybrid professions
The Gruffalo's child
Women and curiosity in early modern England and France
Curiosity has been seen through the ages as the impulse that drives our knowledge forward and the temptation that leads us toward dangerous and forbidden waters. The question "Why?" has appeared under a multiplicity of guises and in vastly different contexts throughout the chapters of human history. Why does evil exist? What is beauty? How does language inform us? What defines our identity? What is our responsibility to the world? In this book, Alberto Manguel's most personal work to date, the author tracks his own life of curiosity through the books that have mapped his way. Manguel chooses as his guides a selection of writers who sparked his imagination in new directions. He dedicates each chapter to a single thinker, scientist, artist, or other figure who demonstrated in a fresh way how to ask "Why?" Leading us through a full gallery of inquisitives, among them Thomas Aquinas, David Hume, Lewis Carroll, Rachel Carson, Socrates, and, most importantly, Dante, Manguel affirms how deeply connected our curiosity is to the readings that most astonish us, and how essential to the soaring of our own imaginations.
The horizon : a history of our infinite longing
A curious mind : the secret to a bigger life
The cow who climbed a tree
Secrets beyond the door : the story of Bluebeard and his wives
Best-loved children's stories
The quick brown fox cub
Curiosity, inquiry, and the geographical imagination
Piglet Meets a Heffalump
Chickens cant see in the dark
The Gruffalo's Wean
Curious Woollamy
The Curious fish
The gruffalo's child
Children's questions : a mechanism for cognitive development
Sweet dreams, Curious George
Little Lumpty
In Women and Curiosity in Early Modern England and France, the rehabilitation of female curiosity between the sixteenth and the eighteenth centuries is thoroughly investigated for the first time, in a comparative perspective that confronts two epistemological and religious traditions. In the context of the early modern blooming 'culture of curiosity,' women's desire for knowledge made them both curious subjects and curious objects, a double relation to curiosity that is meticulously inquired into by the authors in this volume. The social, literary, theological and philosophical dimensions of women's persistent association with curiosity offer a rich contribution to cultural history.
Curious? : discover the missing ingredient to a fulfilling life
What is a horizon? A line where land meets sky? The end of the world or the beginning of perception? In this title, the author journeys to the outer reaches of human experience and explores philosophy, religion, and art to understand our struggle and fascination with limits - of life, knowledge, existence, and death.
The elephant's child
Curiosity and exploration : a conceptual overview and structural modeling
Mr. Nosey and the Beanstalk
The bear who stared
Curious George takes a job
Insatiable curiosity : innovation in a fragile future
Animals in school : two stories in one
Curiosity and sensation seeking : a conceptual and empirical examination
Oscar and the snail : a book about things we use
The hungry mind : the origins of curiosity in childhood
Curious George
From two-dimentional to three-dimentional curiosity : a reanalysis of depth-breadth-factor model
A deeply researched ... exploration of what curiosity is, how it can be measured, how it develops in childhood, and how it can be fostered in school.
