http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18463 cultural dependence
cultural dependence
Smashing potatoes : challenging student agency as utterances
Innovating with information technology in a globalized world : being proactive about culture
Root causes of suicide terrorism : globalization of martyrdom
Comics and their translation : translating culture-bound elements in Don Rosa's Donald Duck comics
Disability, culture, and development : a case study of Japanese children at school
7 secrets from Hindu calendar art
The anthropological character of theology : conditioning theological understanding
Comprehensibility of slang in audiovisual translations for children : the Finnish dubbed and subtitled versions of 'Shrek' as a case in point
Culture and commitment : A study of generation gap
Japanese whaling : end of an era?
Construction of identity in British and Indian cinema : a postcolonial approach
The writing of Orpheus : Greek myth in cultural context
Bollywood's India : Hindi cinema as a guide to contemporary India
The subtle art of subtitling finnish films : strategies in transferring culture-bound features
Design preferences concerning example products in the USA, South Korea and Germany
Apuleius and the Metamorphosis of Platonism
Translating humoristic allusions in Jane Evanovich's One for the money and Two for the Dough
Technology in culture : a theoretical discourse on convergence in human-technology interaction
Pedagogical design and pedagogical usability of web-based learning environments : comparative cultural implications from Africa and Europe
The translation of culture-bound items in the Finnish subtitles of The Simpsons
Transfer and translation : intercultural dialogues = Transfert et traduction : dialogues interculturels = Vermittlung und Übersetzung
In "Islam Translated", the author uses the "Book of One Thousand Questions" as a means to consider connections that linked Muslims across divides of distance and culture. This book examines the circulation of this Islamic text and its varied literary forms.
The use and translation of fictional realia in dystopian science fiction texts
Culture and upbringing : adaptation experiences of Somali families
Seeing writing
Advances in discourse approaches
Cultural images of "minority" anglophone countries in selected English language textbooks used in Finland and France : a comparative study
Meanings of violence in contemporary Latin America
This volume includes a wide range of papers that explore individual and institutional aspects of religion from a social-science perspective. The special section has articles from research groups in Europe, the USA and Australia on clergy work-related psychological health, stress, burnout and coping strategies. The general papers include studies on coping strategies among Buddhists, gender differences in response to church decline, teenage participation in religion, social capital among Friends of Cathedrals, psychological profiles of clergy, education effects on Roman Catholic deacons, and an analysis of prayer requests. Together these papers form a valuable collection indicating the depth and vibrancy of research in these fields.
Realia, translation strategies, and subtitling : a study of two comedy sketch shows on DVD
Culture and well-being : the collected works of Ed Diener
The aesthetics of strangeness : eccentricity and madness in early modern Japan
The semiotics of performance
Robinson revisited : a study of the Finnish (re)translations of Robinson Crusoe
The emotions : a cultural reader
Translation of culture-specific items from Finnish into English in Finnish tourist brochures
Intercultural communication, creativity and practice : a comparative study of British and Finnish cultural elements, humor and translation, utilizing a case study of Wendy Holden's novel Bad heir day
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
Navigating between ideas of democracy and gendered local practices in Vietnam : a Bakhtinian reading of development aid practice
Exploring Korea traditional and modern
Domestication and foreignization in the German and Finnish translations of Harry Potter and the Philosopher's stone
But what if we're wrong? : thinking about the present as if it were the past
Mo Yan in context : Nobel laureate and global storyteller
Culture within nature : key areas for interpreting forest history in boreal Sweden
Touchstones or stumbling blocks? : On compensation as a translation technique with wordplay in the English translations of Les aventures d'Asterix
Everyone worth knowing : on translating culture-bound brand-related chick lit
Translating humour in British comedy series "Keeping up Appearances"
Between pages, stages and cultures : translation of Sirkku Peltola's play text Suomen hevonen into English
Language and masculinities : performance, intersections, dislocations
Translating personal names in Richard Adam's novel 'Watership down'
Indian English and challenges in its translation
Re-drawing Austen : picturesque travels in Austenland
So you think you're good at English : a quizzical book
Natural histories of discourse
Straight : the surprisingly short history of heterosexuality
"Pain remained inside me, winter darkness makes it worse" : pain cultures and methods of pain relief in the Northern region
British film in Finnish subtitles : The subtitler's role in interpreting and transmitting foreign cultures
Fascinated by languages
Religious rhetoric in Narrative of the life of Frederick Doudlass, an American slave, written by himself : a translator's point of view
Location
Summary in Finnish.
Women peasant poets in eighteenth-century England, Scotland, and Germany : milkmaids on Parnassus
"This book examines Japanese cultural beliefs about disability and related socialization practices as they impact the experiences of elementary school-aged children. Physical and mental conditions which impair children's functioning are universal issues impacting child welfare and educational systems around the world. While the American approach is well understood and represented in the literature, cultures differ in which physical and mental conditions are considered 'disabling'. Currently, the Japanese educational system is in transition as public schools implement formal special education services for children with developmental disabilities. 'Developmental disabilities' is a new term used by Japanese educators to categorize a variety of relatively minor social and cognitive conditions caused by neurologically based deficits: learning disabilities such as dyslexia, ADHD, and Asperger's Syndrome. Children who were once considered 'difficult' or 'slow learners' are now considered to be 'disabled' and in need of special services. This transition created an excellent opportunity to explore Japanese beliefs about disability that might otherwise have remained unexamined by participants, and how these evolving beliefs and new socialization and educational practices impact children's experiences"--
"Where is Vuokatti?" : proper names as culture-specific references in two English translations of Aleksis Kivi's Seitsemän veljestä
The other in South Asian religion, literature and film : perspectives on otherism and otherness
On translating Finnish realia into English in the 20th century
"She is to teaching what Dr. Seuss is to medicine" : transferring American culture in the Finnish subtitles of Modern family
"This volume addresses a situation now perceived among the most pressing issues faced by Latin America in our times: the proliferation of increasingly complex forms of violence, a reality with multiple ramifications, marking the socio-political landscape of the region in decisive ways. With contributions by scholars from various fields (the social sciences, journalism, and the humanities), this book examines not only the manifestations and the effects of violence but also the social acts that surround it and make it meaningful. Violence appears here as a natural yet dramatic manifestation of how individuals organize themselves in contemporary Latin America"--
Why does the other line always move faster? : the myths and misery, secrets and psychology of waiting in line
"I don't even want to figure that one out" : subtitling realia and allusions in Gilmore Girls
Reading texts, reading bodies : metaphors of consumption in Jane Austen, Charlotte Brontë, and Elizabeth Gaskell
"This volume includes contributions of scholars from various fields--the social sciences, journalism, the humanities and the arts--whose work offers insightful and innovative ways to understand the devastating and unprecedented forms of violence currently experienced in Latin America. As an interdisciplinary endeavor, it offers an array of perspectives that contribute to ongoing debates in the study of violence in the region"--
Kultura e bashkëjetesës = A culture of peaceful coexistence
Changing forms and cultural identity : religious and secular iconographies. Vol. 1
Japanese frames of mind : cultural perspectives on human development
Seen from other side : looking at culture aspects in web graphics
When Nancy Drew becomes Paula Drew : translation into Finnish of culture-specific items in two Nancy Drew Mystery Stories novels
Cultural references as a challenge in translation : study of culture specificity in Juhani Aho's Juha and its English translation
We have a message - Suñu bat
Parigots in America : the English translation of realia in two short stories by Anna Gavalda
Picture, text and humour intertwined : translating Viivi & Wagner
Japanese femininities
International handbook of cross-cultural neuropsychology
Studying culture specificity : the coverage of the British general election in Finnish newspapers
Cognition and cultural context : an inquiry into Gadamer's theory of context-dependence
The effect of foreignization in the translation of Edgar Allan Poe's 'The murders in the Rue Morgue'
Identity and multinational corporations : building unity within diversity
The cultural context of medieval music
Deletion as a news editing strategy for translated newspaper commentaries in Helsingin Sanomat : a translator's view
The impact of culture on advertising appeals in mobile phone industry : a study of social video advertising in UK, Brasil, India and Poland
The translation of culture-specific verbal humour in the TV-series Friends
The three Finnish translations of P.L. Traver's Mary Poppins : translations of culture-bound elements and validity of the retranslation hypothesis
History, violence and the hyperreal: representing culture in the contemporary Spanish novel
Maori elements as 'source text realia' and their translation strategies in the Finnish translations of two New Zealand novels
Our emotional makeup : ethnopsychology and selfhood
Wordplay : to screen out or not to screen out : translating wordplay in TV comedy subtitles
World affairs in foreign films : getting the global picture
Comparative politics : rationality, culture, and structure
What colour is an orange cat? : Translation case study of three short stories by Alexander McCall Smith
Cultural studies and anti-consumerism : a critical encounter
The semiotics of Russian culture
Culture and cognition : patterns in the social construction of reality
Consuming desires of Vietnamese students : globalizing culture in Ho Chi Minh City
To stomach or not to stomach? : analysis of the Finnish respondents' reception of culture-specific items in the comic strip 'Jere'
When I grow up : culturally sensitive graphic design explorations
Buddhism : introducing the Buddhist experience
Latah in Southeast Asia : the history and ethnography of a culture-bound syndrome
From Finnish into English : culture-bound translation problems in Antti Tuuri's novels Pohjanmaa and Talvisota
From the willows to the reeds : how time and culture affect a translation
Metaphor and intercultural communication
Parsley, pési and perejil : on the Finnish translation of Edwidge Danticat's culturally and linguistically hybrid novel The farming of bones
Translating culture-specific items in 'Täällä Pohjantähden alla'
Being human in Islam : the impact of the evolutionary worldview
Objection! -Overruled : legal and semi-legal terminology and courtroom-specific language in television subtitles
Press photography and visual framing of news
Traduction et conscience sociale autour de la pensée de Daniel Simeoni = Translation as social conscience around rhe work of Daniel Simeoni
"This is the first English-language study of the Chinese writer's work and influence, featuring essays from scholars in a range of disciplines, from both China and the United States. Its introduction, twelve articles, and epilogue aim to deepen and widen critical discussions of both a specific literary author and the globalization of Chinese literature more generally. The book takes the "root-seeking" movement with which Mo Yan's works are associated as a metaphor for its organizational structure. The four articles of "Part I: Leaves" focus on Mo Yan's works as world literature, exploring the long shadow his works have cast globally. Howard Goldblatt, Mo Yan's English translator, explores the difficulties and rewards of interpreting his work, while subsequent articles cover issues such as censorship and the "performativity" associated with being a global author. "Part II: Trunk" explores the nativist core of Mo Yan's works. Through careful comparative treatment of related historical events, the five articles in this section show how specific literary works intermingle with China's national and international politics, its mid-twentieth-century visual culture, and its rich religious and literary conventions, including humor. The three articles in "Part III: Roots" delve into the theoretical and practical extensions of Mo Yan's works, uncovering the vibrant critical and cultural systems that ground Eastern and Western literatures and cultures. Mo Yan in Context concludes with an epilogue by sociologist Fenggang Yang, offering a personal and globally aware reflection on the recognition Mo Yan's works have received at this historical juncture"--
Subtitling culture : on translating culturally bound elements in the TV-series Sex and the City
Culture, power, place : explorations in critical anthropology
"Animal etiquette" : teaching politeness strategies using requests in The wind in the willows
Adequacy in Finnish translations of Anglo-American literature
Domestication and foreignisation in the Finnish and Swedish translations of the BFG by Roald Dahl
The information in translation : a study on the function of culture specific expressions in Martin Amis's The information and its Finnish translation Tiedoksi
Note to self : self-analysis as a means to self-improvement in translation
Drugs, labor, and colonial expansion
From "Betting your head" to "Betting your hat" : translation into English of Finnish idioms in Aleksis Kivi's Seven Brothers
Research in the social scientific study of religion. Volume 26
Word & image : articulations on literature & films
Cultural functions of translation
"This book explores how Europeans introduced and used drugs in colonial contexts for the exploitation and placation of indigenous labor. Combining history and anthropology, it examines the role of drugs in trade and labor during the age of western colonial expansion. From considering the introduction of alcohol in the West African slave trade to the use of coca as a labor enhancer in the Andes, these original contributions examine both the encouragement of drug use by colonial powers and the extent to which local peoples' previous experience with psychoactive substances shaped their use of drugs introduced by Europeans." "The authors show that drugs possessed characteristics that made them a particularly effective means for propagating trade or increasing the extent and intensity of labor. In the early stages of European expansion, drugs were introduced to draw people, quite literally, into relations of dependency with European trade partners. Over time, the drugs used to intensify the amount and duration of labor shifted from alcohol, opium, and marijuana - which were used to overcome the drudgery and discomfort of physical labor - to caffeine-based stimulants, which provided a more alert workforce."
Storytelling in world cinemas. Volume one, Forms
The multivalent concept of the imaginary is utilized to capture the presence and diffusion of religious references, symbols, worldviews, and narratives in various media and social spheres, including politics, economics, art, and popular culture. Used to describe the reception and transformation of religious references through time and cultures, imaginary can be defined as a shared pool of mental images and material products, of ideas, symbols, values, and practices that sustain meaning-making processes and cohesion within a collective. Situated at the intersection of sociological, political-philosophical, and cultural studies approaches to religion, this interdisciplinary study offers an intense exchange between theoretical discussions of religion in cultural imaginaries and richly researched empirical analysis.
Translating Cultural References in Non-fiction : a study with two history texts
The treatment of Chinese personal names in literary translations from Chinese into English and Finnish : selected problems
Translations of wordplay in Asterix in Britain : how humour in comics is translated from French into English
The triple package : what really determines success
Translating for the theatre : on culture-specific elements in Ray Cooney's farce Out of order and their treatment in two Finnish translations
Seeing studies : practicing praxis in graphic design
Culture-specific items and their translation strategies in Sofi Oksanen's novel Puhdistus and its English translation
Looking for Risto
Apuleius was a respected philosophus Platonicus in Late Antiquity and the Middle Ages. Until the middle of last century, he attracted the attention of scholars as a so-called 'Middle Platonist' author. Then, with the rejection of the historical schema that he had been situated in (the so-called 'school of Gaius', which we will treat shortly), his 'brother Alcinous was the object of studies and (even harsh) criticisms, while almost nothing more was written about Apuleius by anyone. Studies of Middle Platonism primarily accentuated the liberty of the philosophers of the 1st and 2nd centuries AD, who interpreted the doctrines of Plato without constituting a specific school. Due to this new vision of Middle Platonism, Apuleius' role was difficult to define. It is not uncommon to find that Apuleius the philosopher is completely neglected. The literary character, and especially the 'rhetorical' nature of some of his works and of his personality have probably hurt his reputation in philosophy. These aspects of his personality have however been ever more accentuated in the last few decades within the development of studies on Second Sophistics. Consequently not only have there been few scholars to show interest for Apuleius' philosophical doctrines, but those few who have the opportunity to almost manage his philosophical doctrines usually disregard his literary works. In this way one cannot understand the most specific aspect of his philosophy, which consists in a sort of intermingling of philosophy and literature (a typical attitude of Greek and Latin culture of the 2nd century AD), and above all, of religion and Platonism. The dichotomy between philosophy and literature that was normal in the 19th and 20th centuries therefore still persists in the case of Apuleius. Claudio Moreschini attempted in some way to fill this gap in his 1978 study on Apuleio e il Platonismo. It was obviously in vain. Accordingly, in this book he would like to reflect on the possibility of a synthesis between these two aspects.
This volume showcases cutting-edge research in the linguistic and discursive study of masculinities, comprising the first significant edited collection on language and masculinities since Johnson and Meinhof's 1997 volume. Overall, the chapters are linked together by a critical analytical perspective that seeks to understand the relationships between discourse, masculinities, and power. Whereas some of the chapters offer detailed, linguistically informed critiques of the ways in which old and new expressions of masculinities are complicit in the reproduction of men's hegemonic positions of power, others provide a more complex picture, one in which collusion and subversion go hand in hand. Contributions argue for the need for research on language and masculinities to expand its remit so as to engage with "gay masculinities," and unsettle gendered categories in order to consider the ways in which women, transgender, and intersex individuals also perform a variety of masculinities. Finally, unlike Johnson and Meinhof's 1997 collection, this volume not only offers a wider—and perhaps "queerer" perspective—on the study of language and masculinities, but also covers a broader geographical and socio-cultural spectrum, including work on Brazil, Israel, New Zealand, Singapore, and South Africa.
Metaphor in use : context, culture, and communication
When a subtitler met Harry Lime : translation strategies for extralinguistic cultural references in Emmerdale
Religion in cultural imaginary : explorations in visual and material practices
Literary fat ladies : rhetoric, gender, property
Cultures of health, cultures of illness
Human rights : the hard questions
Writing the modern city : literature, architecture, modernity
Changes in the conceptualization of leadership during an African college course
Rendering culture for a young target audience : extralinguistic cultural references in the Finnish subtitles of One tree hill
Islam translated : literature, conversion, and the Arabic cosmopolis of South and Southeast Asia
The Ashgate research companion to monsters and the monstrous
Longing belonging : an outsider at home in Calcutta
Translations of Finnish children's literature : a case study of Mauri Kunnas in English
The case of California
Translating 'Looking for Andrew McCarthy' by Jenny Colgan : a descriptive analysis of the translation strategies used for culture-bound elements and allusions
When originally published this was the first comprehensive account in English of the history of Japanese whaling, showing how it has given rise to a particular culture. The volume discusses what happens when that culture is threatened. At the same time ...
The ecstasy of influence : nonfictions, etc
Analyzing transfer of humour and wordplay in two Finnish translations of Oscar Wilde's The importance of being Earnest (1895)
First come, first served - Först till kvarn får först mala : Translating English idioms into Swedish in Marian Keyes's Rachel's Holiday
"But What If We're Wrong visualizes the contemporary world as it will appear to those who'll perceive it as the distant past. We live in a culture of casual certitude. This has always been the case, no matter how often that certainty has failed. Though no generation believes there's nothing left to learn, every generation unconsciously assumes that what has already been defined and accepted is (probably) pretty close to how reality will be viewed in perpetuity. And then, of course, time passes. Ideas shift. Opinions invert. What once seemed reasonable eventually becomes absurd, replaced by modern perspectives that feel even more irrefutable and secure--until, of course, they don't. But What If We're Wrong? visualizes the contemporary world as it will appear to those who'll perceive it as the distant past. Chuck Klosterman asks questions that are profound in their simplicity: How certain are we about our understanding of gravity? How certain are we about our understanding of time? What will be the defining memory of rock music, five hundred years from today? How seriously should we view the content of our dreams? How seriously should we view the content of television? Are all sports destined for extinction? Is it possible that the greatest artist of our era is currently unknown (or--weirder still--widely known, but entirely disrespected)? Is it possible that we "overrate" democracy? And perhaps most disturbing, is it possible that we've reached the end of knowledge? Kinetically slingshotting through a broad spectrum of objective and subjective problems, But What If We're Wrong? is built on interviews with a variety of creative thinkers--George Saunders, David Byrne, Jonathan Lethem, Kathryn Schulz, Neil deGrasse Tyson, Brian Greene, Junot Díaz, Amanda Petrusich, Ryan Adams, Nick Bostrom, Dan Carlin, and Richard Linklater, among others--interwoven with the type of high-wire humor and nontraditional analysis only Klosterman would dare to attempt. It's a seemingly impossible achievement: a book about the things we cannot know, explained as if we did. It's about how we live now, once "now" has become "then.""-- Provided by publisher.
Mille millions de turkasen typhoons! : The translations of Captain Haddock's explentives into English and Finnish in Les aventures de Tintin
Rewriting the category romance : love discourse, the realm of romance, and the Finnish translator
