http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18452 cultural history
cultural history
Vereinskultur und Zivilgesellschaft in Nordosteuropa : regionale Spezifik und europäische Zusammenhänge = Associational culture and civil society in North Eastern Europe : regional features and the European context
A history of everyday things in England. Vol. III : The rise of industrialism : 1733-1851
Heritage has burgeoned over the past quarter of a century from a small elite preoccupation into a major popular crusade. Everything from Disneyland to the Holocaust Museum, from the Balkan wars to the Northern Irish troubles, from Elvis memorabilia to the Elgin Marbles bears the marks of the cult of heritage. In this acclaimed 1998 book David Lowenthal explains the rise of this obsession with the past and examines its power for both good and evil.
The bloodless revolution : radical vegetarians and the discovery of India
History and Hungarian studies at the University of Jyväskylä
China : the world's oldest living civilization revealed
A short history of the world
Cartographies of copyright : crisis & propertization
Cuisine and culture : a history of food and people
The world 100 years ago
In 2011, at the height of tension between the British and Iranian governments, travel writer Lois Pryce found a note left on her motorcycle outside the Iranian Embassy in London: "...I wish that you will visit Iran so you will see for yourself about my country. WE ARE NOT TERRORISTS!!! Please come to my city, Shiraz. It is very famous as the friendliest city in Iran, it is the city of poetry and gardens and wine!!! Your Persian friend, Habib" Intrigued, Lois decides to ignore the official warnings against travel (and the warnings of her friends and family) and sets off alone on a 3,000 mile ride from Tabriz to Shiraz, to try to uncover the heart of this most complex and incongruous country. Along the way, she meets carpet sellers and drug addicts, war veterans and housewives, doctors and teachers - people living ordinary lives under the rule of an extraordinarily strict Islamic government. Revolutionary Ride is the story of a people and a country. Religious and hedonistic, practical and poetic, modern and rooted in tradition - and with a wild sense of humour and appreciation of beauty despite the comparative lack of freedom - this is real contemporary Iran.
Absent culture : the case of Polish Livonia
Electric shock : from the gramophone to the iPhone : 125 years of pop music
"No ruling regime," writes Hamid Dabashi, "could ever have a total claim over the idea of Iran as a nation, a people." For decades, the narrative about Iran has been dominated by a false binary, in which the traditional ruling Islamist regime is counterposed against a modern population of educated, secular urbanites. However, Iran has for many centuries been a nation forged from a diverse mix of influences, most of them non-sectarian and cosmopolitan. In Iran Without Borders, the acclaimed cultural critic and scholar of Iranian history Hamid Dabashi traces the evolution of this worldly culture from the eighteenth century to the present day, journeying through social and intellectual movements, and the lives of writers, artists and public intellectuals who articulated the idea of Iran on a transnational public sphere. Many left their homeland--either physically or emotionally--and imagined it from places as far-flung as Istanbul, Cairo, Calcutta, Paris, or New York, but together they forged a nation as worldly as it is multifarious.
Kyoto : a cultural and literary history
This book brings together life stories from five generations of Balts, living through the diverse and recurring transformations of the twentieth century: occupations, war, independence, totalitarianism, and democratic rule and market economy. The twentieth century history of the Baltic countries has often been deeply tragic. Lying on the coastline of the Baltic Sea, these rather small but strategically well located territories have historically found themselves in the middle of many power struggles between larger states, empires and other power-holders: the Teutonic Knights, Swedish kings, Tsarist Russia, Nazi Germany, the Soviet Union. Today, they are once again forced to stand up to the Russian Federation. Biographical interviewing is a field focused on individuals, and on how those individuals choose to re-create and present their lived lives, make meaning of it through the narratives they tell. To interpret the biographical narrations of Lithuanians, Latvians and Estonians, shaped by complex and controversial historical background, the authors use Pierre Bourdieu's concept of social and cultural capitals, the principles of Erving Goffman's framing analysis and Alessandro Portelli's distinction of private and public spheres, Anton Steen's investigations of post-Socialist elites and Piotr Sztompka's theory of cultural trauma, etc. Given analyses of particular biographical narrations are supplemented by brief historical and sociological overviews, which allow the reader to better understand the contexts of lived lives, and the mental atmosphere in which the interviews were conducted.
Marlene LeGates has written a thorough, lively and accessible overview of Western feminist movements from the Middle Ages through to the latter twentieth century. With each chapter containing a timeline and brief excerpts from primary source documents, the text serve as an ideal basis for a history of feminism or women's studies course, or as a supplementary text in a broader women's history or western civilization course. LeGates addresses such topics as sexual morality and the role of female visionaries in early Christian society, women's roles in utopian movements, revolutions in the early modern period, and suffrage and the second wave in the nineteenth and twentieth centuries. The geographical scope of the book is also unique; it includes material on feminism from continental Europe, Great Britain, the United States, Canada and Latin America.
The American spirit : a study of the idea of civilization in the United States
The Encyclopaedia of Saami Culture
Breakfast : a history
The condition of man
Queens consort, cultural transfer and European politics, c. 1500-1800
Unca Don and Unca Scrooge's guide to history : representation of the past in the Disney comics of Don Rosa
The Cambridge cultural history of Britain. Volume 5, Eighteenth-century Britain
NATURAL HISTORY, COUNTRY LIFE & PETS. To the River is the story of the Ouse, the Sussex river in which Virginia Woolf drowned in 1941. One idyllic, midsummer week over sixty years later, Olivia Laing walked Woolf's river from source to sea. The result is a passionate investigation into how history resides in a landscape - and how ghosts never quite leave the places they love.
The time traveller's guide to Elizabethan England
Iran without borders : towards a critique of the postcolonial nation
Images as proof : photographic portrayal of catastrophes in Helsingin Sanomat, 1969-1979
The story of mankind
An archaeology of philosophical anthropology : a reconstruction of the historical philosophical background of ethnography and consequences for nursing science
This paper traces the correlation between the functions of landscape, its dynamics under its human influences and the dominant images of its terrain. A great deal of attention is given to Vyborg Karelia - the part of the Karelian Isthmus ceded by Finland to the Soviet Union in 1940. The author considers the consequences on the landscape of population exchange and settlement after 1944, alterations in landscape due to increased recreation, forest protection, the abandonment of agricultural lands, bog drainage and open-cut mining. The conclusions reached concerning the landscape imagery of the region are based chiefly on an analysis of texts and pictures from between the 1950s and the 1980s, and the author's observations and research data. Predominantly examined is the perception of the residents of Leningrad (now St. Petersburg) as being the widest human cross-section vis-à-vis Vyborg Karelia at the period under examination. The radical changes in its imagery during the postwar period were wrought by: 1) great alterations in landscape functions and land use; 2) the loss of historical recollection of past landscapes in the present population; and 3) the strong ideologization of landscape perception during the Soviet period. An integral image, dominating up to now, embodies the principally "recreational model" of landscape development, one which is not completely adequate to the present state of the landscape. During the post-Soviet period, regional imagery becomes more complex and contradictory in regard to the increased transitional function of the Isthmus as a bridge between Russia and the European Union.
The age of expansion 1848-1917
What is cultural history?
History of civilizations of Central Asia. Volume 3, The crossroads of civilizations: A. D. 250 to 750
Cultures of Death and Dying in Medieval and Early Modern Europe
Sources of Japanese tradition. 2
Estonia gravitates towards Sweden : nordic identity and activist regionalism in world war I
The miracle of man : a survey of humanity's upward march through the ages
The people of the eye : deaf ethnicity and ancestry
Spain : journeys through the land of the builders
The diary of Samuel Pepys
Abstract: Bottlenecks in Knitwear and Knitted Bottlenecks, Knitwear Pro-duction with 3D technology in Finland. The objective of this research was to look into integrated seamless knitwear production, also known as 3D. The latest developments in knitwear production like 3D were supposed to change the whole industry but nevertheless changes are happening slowly. As a tech-nique, it is unique in clothing production while the machine can knit a complete sweater in less than an hour. The integral knitting technique to make seamless knitwear has many advantages but also some obstacles and limitations and in this research, those will be looked at more carefully. This was carried out as an action research by co-operating with one local producer Kutomo Holopainen in Finland by investigating knitting samples and prototypes and testing the possibilities with 3D.  There is a very limited amount of garment production left in Europe and in Finland. New 3D production methods and printers are expected to bring industries and jobs back from the Far East and, therefore, the reasons for global sourcing and also future scenarios are discussed for textile and fashion industry for the EU by 2020.  The focus will be on the design of the products together with the 3D production. Good de-sign should not only help selling the products but in this case also saves time and money in production. The production is run by a technician and one of the challenges is to have good communication between the technician and the designer. Knitwear together with 3D production should give excellent opportunities in finding interesting solutions in both what comes to the look of the products and the manufacturing.
Blood and land : the story of native North America
China : a cultural history
Port towns and urban cultures : International  histories of the waterfront, c.17002000
Novum millennium : studies on Byzantine history and culture : dedicated to Paul Speck, 19 December 1999
Conquest and the law in Swedish Livonia (ca. 1630-1710) : a case of legal pluralism in early modern Europe
Holy shit : a brief history of swearing
The mainstream of civilization. Since 1789
Despite the port's prominence in maritime history, its cultural significance has long been neglected in favour of its role within economic and imperial networks. Defined by their intersection of maritime and urban space, port towns were sites of complex cultural exchanges. This book, the product of international scholarship, offers innovative and challenging perspectives on the cultural histories of ports, ranging from eighteenth-century Africa to twentieth-century Australasia and Europe. The essays in this important collection explore two key themes; the nature and character of 'sailortown' culture and port-town life, and the representations of port towns that were forged both within and beyond urban-maritime communities. The book's exploration of port town identities and cultures, and its use of a rich array of methodological approaches and cultural artefacts, will make it of great interest to both urban and maritime historians. It also represents a major contribution to the emerging, interdisciplinary field of coastal studies.
The Oxford history of western music
Near Eastern culture and society : a symposium on the meeting of East and West
A delicate shade of pink : the lives of Hella Wuolijoki and Salme Dutt in the service of revolution
A reader on China
On Macedonian matters - from the partition and annexation of Macedonia in 1913 to the present : a collection of essays on languge, culture and history
The history and uncertain future of handwriting
The mainstream of civilization. 1350 to 1815
Eat Me : a natural and unnatural history of cannibalism
The cabaret of plants : botany and the imagination
History of mankind : cultural and scientific development. Volume 6, parts 2-4, The twentienth century
Liberation exhibitions as a commemorative membrane of socialist Hungary
Turkish culture & arts
The English village : history and tradition
Atlas of western civilization
"Cannibalism. It's the last, greatest taboo: the stuff of urban legends and ancient myths, airline crashes and Captain Cook. But while we might get a thrill at the thought of the black widow spider's gruesome mating habits or the tragic fate of the nineteenth-century Donner Party pioneers, today cannibalism belongs to history - or, at the very least, the realm of the weird, the rare and the very far away. Doesn't it? Here, zoologist Bill Schutt digs his teeth into the subject to find an answer that is as surprising as it is unsettling. From the plot of Psycho to the ritual of the Eucharist, cannibalism is woven into our history, our culture - even our medicine. And in the natural world, eating your own kind is everything from a survival strategy - practised by polar bears and hamsters alike - to an evolutionary adaption like that found in sand tiger sharks, who, by the time they are born, will have eaten all but one of their siblings in the womb. Dark, fascinating and endlessly curious, Eat Me delves into human and animal cannibalism to find a story of colonialism, religion, anthropology, dinosaurs, ancient humans and modern consequences, from the terrible 'laughing death' disease kuru to the BSE crisis. And - of course - our intrepid author tries it out for himself."
A history of western civilization
The unfinished legacy : a brief history of western civilization
The Oxford handbook of the new cultural history of music
Entangled histories of the Balkans. 4, Concepts, approaches, and (self)representations
The art of the Armenian book through the ages : they who imbibed the effusions of the Spirit = Haj grkharuestẹ dareru ẹndmēǧēn : orkh zcorans Hogwojn arbin = Arménské knižní umění v průběhu staletí : ti, kdož pili z toků Ducha
A study of history. Vol. 8, Heroic ages : contacts between civilizations in space
The landscape of consumption : shopping streets and cultures in Western Europe, 1600-1900
The mainstream of civilization. To 1500
In Conquest and the Law in Swedish Livonia (ca. 1630-1710), Heikki Pihlajamaki offers an exciting account of the law and judiciary in seventeenth-century Livonia. Immediately after Sweden conquered the province in the 1620s, a reorganization of the Livonian judiciary began. Its legal order became largely modelled after Swedish law, which differed in important ways from its Livonian counterpart. While Livonian legal tradition was firmly anchored in the European ius commune, the conquerors' law was, by nature, not founded in legal learning. The volume convincingly demonstrates how the differences in legal cultures decisively affected the way Livonian judicial and procedural systems were shaped. Based on archival sources, the study presents an important contribution to the comparative legal history of the early modern period.
Abstract: The finnish psychiatric health services in the 1990's from the point of view of historical continuity.
Weimar culture : the outsider as insider
Journal of Inner and East Asian Studies
Paris undressed : the secrets of French lingerie
New perspectives in British cultural history
History and cultural theory
Heritage gardens : care, conservation and management
Spoilt rotten : the toxic cult of sentimentality
The new Vichy syndrome : why European intellectuals surrender to barbarism
Freedom and domination : a historical critique of civilization
Australian cultural history
Cultural environments, art history, and dark heritage
Ancient Ethiopia : Aksum : its antecedents and successors
Why cultural studies?
Just enough : lessons in living green from traditional Japan
In their time : a history of feminism in Western society
On the cusp of postwar modernization : Americanization, international culture, and gender roles in Finnish commercials, 1955-1975
Glimpses of Chinese culture
A history of everyday things in England. Vol. IV : The age of production : 1851-1948
Yugoslavia from the beginning to the end
History of madness
Flags and emblems of Colombia
The age of genius : the seventeenth century and the birth of the modern mind
The heritage crusade and the spoils of history
Intézmények, folyamatok és kutatások a nemzetközi magyarságtudományban : a Jyväskyläi egyetem magyarságtudományi programjának első húsz éve = Institutions, tendencies and research in the international Hungarian studies : the first twenty years of the Jyväskylä University's Hungarian studies program
The outline of history : being a plain history of life and mankind
Human touch, natural processes: The development of the rural cultural landscape in southern Finland from past to present
Film England : culturally English filmmaking since the 1990s
Historia renarrata : early Benedictine revisions of the First Crusade
Moscow and the roots of Russian culture
A survey of the traditions of western music by one of the most prominent and provocative musicologists of our time, this book illuminates, through a representative sampling of masterworks, those themes, styles, and currents that give shape and direction to each musical age.
Finnish communism visited
Studies in Byzantine cultural history
Egypt in the Byzantine world, 300-700
International journal of sino-western studies
'Damn, all my cheating secrets revealed. In book form' Stephen Fry Which philosopher had the maddest hairstyle? Which novelist drank 50 cups of black coffee every day? What on earth did Simone de Beauvoir see in Jean-Paul Sartre? How to Sound Cultured offers a wry and yet profoundly useful look inside the mirrored palaces of high culture. Covering such inscrutable characters as Heidegger, Montaigne, Kahlo and Levi-Strauss (apparently not just a designer of jeans), inscrutable polymaths Thomas W. Hodgkinson and Hubert van den Bergh - the author of the acclaimed How to Sound Clever - have done the hard work of sorting the cultural wheat from the chaff. Read this book and you'll never again mistake Rimbaud for Rambo or Georg Lukacs for George Lucas, you'll know precisely when to drop Foucault's name into a conversation and how to pronounce 'Borgesian', and you'll learn many more essential pointers for the intellectual life.
An illustrated cultural history of England
A history of the Low Countries
The complete illustrated history of the Aztec & Maya
The scent of time: a study of the use of fire and incense for time measurement in Oriental countries
Western civilizations : their history and their culture
Russian peasants go to court : legal culture in the countryside 1905-1917
This volume demonstrates a new approach to cultural history, as it now being practiced by both historians and musicologists, in their quest to grasp the realms of human experience understanding, communication and meaning through the study of music and of musical practices.
Royal tourism : excursions around monarchy
The witch in history : early modern and twentieth-century representations
New studies in modern Russian literature and culture : essays in honor of Stanley J. Rabinowitz
The age of the horse : an equine journey through human history
Historiske haver i Danmark : guide over kulturhistoriske museums-, slots- og herregårdshaver = Historical gardens of Denmark : a guide to historical gardens of museums, castles and manors = Historische Gärten in Dänemark : guide über kulturhistorische Museums-, Schloss- und Gutsgärten
India : a short cultural history
The Finnish landscape and its meanings
To the river : a journey beneath the surface
The epic of man
The Alma database : an important new scholarly resource
Oleta pyöreä tuoli : Eero Aarnion 60-luku = Assume a round chair : Eero Aarnio and the 60's
The landscape of the Karelian Isthmus and its imagery since 1944.
History culture and banal nationalism in post-war Bosnia
Who built the pyramids?
History of mankind : cultural and scientific development. Volume 2, The ancient world. Part 3, From the beginning of the Christian era to about AD 500
This thesis aims to explore business opportunities through discovering factors that are needed to be known to understand Korean sense of humor, Hae-Hak, in practice on external communication with advertisement. By focusing on the research on specific examples of Korean advertisements that Hae-Hak is used, this paper will help you to understand Korean sense of humor. Under the HURMOS Project, to discover the utility of humor in business life of South Korea, research has been done.
Ireland and early Europe : essays and occasional writings on art and culture
America in the course of human events : presentations and interpretations
Half the world : the history and culture of China and Japan
State composers and the red courtiers : music, ideology, and politics in the Soviet 1930s
Plato at the Googleplex : Why philosophy won't go away
The new media handbook
Under another sky : journeys in Roman Britain
At last, the Roman self-help book the world has been waiting for. Marcus Sidonius Falx sets out the characteristics that have made the Romans the most successful people in history and shows how following their example will do the same for you.
Baltic biographies at historical crossroads
Retro New York
Made in China : the story of China's expression
What happened to the European mind between 1605, when an audience watching Macbeth at the Globe might believe that regicide was such an aberration of the natural order that ghosts could burst from the ground, and 1649, when a large crowd, perhaps including some who had seen Macbeth forty-four years earlier, could stand and watch the execution of a king. In this turbulent period, science moved from the alchemy and astrology of John Dee to the painstaking observation and astronomy of Galileo, from the classicism of Aristotle, still favoured by the Church, to the evidence-based, collegiate investigation of Francis Bacon. And if the old ways still lingered and affected the new mind set - Descartes's dualism an attempt to square the new philosophy with religious belief; Newton, the man who understood gravity and the laws of motion, still fascinated to the end of his life by alchemy - by the end of that tumultuous century 'the greatest ever change in the mental outlook of humanity' had irrevocably taken place.
Culture in history : essays in honor of Paul Radin
Calcutta : a cultural and literary history
Shakespeare's gardens
Sapiens : a brief history of humankind
This paper presents a brief study of the rural cultural landscape in southern Finland. Most rural landscapes in southern Finland are produced by traditional agriculture and affected by modern farming. The cultural landscape of the countryside is therefore a human cultural achievement: working the land creates the agrarian landscape. Natural processes must be yielded and acknowledged, however. The various periodic layers of the rural landscape derive from its inhabitants and their historical periods. In this way, the landscape is comprised of natural and cultural phenomena, which can be both old and new. This paper is based on a study of the rural cultural landscapes of Perniö and Karjaa in southern Finland. The examination suggests a long-term landscape development from prehistoric to historical periods.
Rebellion against Victorianism : the impetus for cultural change in 1920s America
The French millennium : 1,000 remarkable years of incident and achievement
Fashioning history : current practices and principles
Humor in business : case analysis of South Korean humorous advertisements
Religious rituals and social norms in the making of adaptive systems : empirical and theoretical synthesis on revivals in 19th century Finland
The research presented in this volume is very recent, and the general approach is that of rethinking popular musicology: its purpose, its aims, and its methods. Contributors to the volume were asked to write something original and, at the same time, to provide an instructive example of a particular way of working and thinking. The essays have been written with a view to helping graduate students with research methodology and the application of relevant theoretical models. The team of contributors is an exceptionally strong one: it contains many of the pre-eminent academic figures involved in popular musicological research, and there is a spread of European, American, Asian, and Australasian scholars. The volume covers seven main themes: Film, Video and Multimedia; Technology and Studio Production; Gender and Sexuality; Identity and Ethnicity; Performance and Gesture; and, Reception and Scenes and The Music Industry and Globalization. "The Ashgate Research Companion" is designed to offer scholars and graduate students a comprehensive and authoritative state-of-the-art review of current research in a particular area. The companion's editor brings together a team of respected and experienced experts to write chapters on the key issues in their speciality, providing a comprehensive reference to the field.
What is the world of the 21st century like now that the centrality of the West is no longer given? How were the societies and cultures of today's world together with their interconnections forged, and what is driving human society in our times? In short, what is the state of the world today as we enter the second decade of the 21st century? This is the first book which deals with planetary human society as whole. It is a beginner's guide to the world after the West and after globalization, compact, portable, and jargon-free. It is aimed at everybody who, even with experience, has kept a begi.
The island : Ireland from the air
White Field, black seeds : Nordic literacy practices in the long nineteenth century
Civilization : past and present. Volume 1, [To 1650 A.D.]
A cultural history of Tibet
Death and Mortality - From Individual to Communal Perspectives
Introduction
The Ionian islands and Epirus : a cultural history
Production and trade of Etrurian terra sigillata pottery in Roman Etruria and beyond between c. 50 BCE and c. 150 CE
Dance of the quick and the dead : an entertainment of the imagination
History of mankind : cultural and scientific development. Volume 2, The ancient world. Part 1, 1200 BC to AD 500
A history of Finland
History of the Polish-Lithuanian commonwealth : state, society, culture
The new Tsar : the rise and reign of Vladimir Putin
Understandign the value of arts & culture : the AHRC cultural value project
The way we live now
Queens Consort, Cultural Transfer and European Politics examines the roles that queens consort played in dynastic politics and cultural transfer between their natal and marital courts during the sixteenth, seventeenth, and eighteenth centuries. This collection of essays analyses the part that these queens played in European politics, showing how hard and soft power, high politics and cultural influences, cannot be strictly separated. It shows that the root of these consorts' power lay in their dynastic networks and the extent to which they cultivated them. The consorts studied in this book come from territories such as Austria, Braunschweig, Hanover, Poland, Portugal, Prussia and Saxony and travel to, among other places, Britain, Naples, Russia, Spain and Sweden. The various chapters address different types of cultural manifestation, among them collecting, portraiture, panegyric poetry, libraries, theatre and festivals, learning, genealogical literature and architecture. The volume significantly shifts the direction of scholarship by moving beyond a focus on individual historical women to consider 'queens consort' as a category, making it valuable reading for students and scholars of early modern gender and political history.
World civilizations : sources, images, and interpretations. Volume 2
The archaeology of wings : birds and people in the Baltic Sea region during the Stone Age
Revolutionary ride : on the road in search of the real Iran
The national memory is often signified by means of monuments erected in the landscape, while commemorative historical sites always carry a story from the past, and it is not a matter of indifference how this story is told. Karelia, and particularly the areas of the Karelian Isthmus, the shores of Lake Ladoga and the Karelian Borderlands that were ceded to the Soviet Union as a consequence of the Second World War, are places where the commemorative sites have been objects of dispute for the last 60 years. Memories of Finnish Karelia have been erased, transformed and brought to life again: erased and transformed by the post-war masters of the area, for whom it was ideologically most appropriate to replace the Finnish narrative with one telling of victory in the Great Patriotic War and alluding to new sites commemorating the region's Russian history. The more recent revival of Finnish memories has been brought about not only by the Finns but also by Russians who have wished to tell the presentday inhabitants of Karelia about the forgotten and suppressed details of its more recent history.
Byzantine : the empire of the new Rome
Southern historiography in modern history : figural and philosophical aspects of historical discourse in Virginia and South Carolina, 1800-1844
Changing Russia? : history, culture and business
Food fights and culture wars : a secret history of taste
Release your inner Roman
Japan : a short cultural history
Interpretation and cultural history
Northern insights : feminist inquiries into politics of place, knowledge and agency
Greece : journeys to the Gods
The Ashgate research companion to popular musicology
Karelia lost or won - materialization of a landscape of contested and commemorated memory
The landscape has played - and continues to play - an important role in the process of constructing a national identity in Finland. In this process, certain areas and views, whether real or imaginary, are designated as vital symbols of the national culture. The landscape is not merely an image, a map or a view of the existing motherland, however. It is also a part of the nation's history, which is marked in the landscape in the form of significant buildings and monuments to historical events, so that the past may be seen as forming an unbroken continuum with the present. Work is constantly going on to maintain and renew the national traditions of landscape description. This means that whatever its age and nostalgic associations, the landscape is an integral part of our present-day lives. The images, maps, and discourses associated with the landscape may have altered in the course of time, and even the physical areas or views may have been replaced with new ones, but the ideal of a Finnish landscape has persisted. The signs and significations attached to it thus remain a powerful part of our national culture.
Summaries
Roads to Santiago
Notes on things Korean
Men and apes
A syllabus of Japanese civilization
Notebooks of a dilettante
Science in History. Volume 1, Emergence of Science
The presence of the past in politics : "1956" after 1956 in Hungary
Transylvania : an outline of its cultural history
The world : a beginner's guide
Material history bulletin
The discovery of Europe
Guns, germs, and steel : the fates of human societies
How to sound cultured : master the 250 names that intellectuals love to drop into conversation
Awful Egyptians
Gender, power, text : nordic culture in the twentieth century / edited by Helena Forsås-Scott
The mainstream of civilization. Since 1500
The wayfinders : why ancient wisdom matters in the modern world
The story of the vikings picture book
History of mankind : cultural and scientific development. Volume 2, The ancient world. Part 2, From about 500 BC to the Christian era
Civilization : past and present. Volume 2, [1650-1960]
World civilizations : sources, images, and interpretations. Volume 1
The yellow river : A 5000 year journey through china
Nostalgia spotlight on the Thirties
While the divide between capitalism and communism, embodied in the image of the Iron Curtain, seemed to be as wide and definitive as any cultural rift, Giles Scott-Smith, Joes Segal, and Peter Romijn have compiled a selection of essays on how culture contributed to the blurring of ideological boundaries between the East and the West. This important and diverse volume presents fascinating insights into the tensions, rivalries, and occasional cooperation between the two blocs, with essays that represent the cutting edge of Cold War Studies and analyze aesthetic preferences and cultural phenomena as various as interior design in East and West Germany; the Soviet stance on genetics; US cultural diplomacy during and after the Cold War; and the role of popular music as the universal cultural ambassador.An illuminating and wide-ranging survey of interrelated collective dreams from both sides of the Iron Curtain, Divided Dreamworlds? has a place on the bookshelf of any modern historian.
"I have a dream" : a material package on African American history and culture with a focus on communicative competence
A greasy-skinned worker : gender, class and work in the 20th-century life story of a female labourer
Urbanity as national otherness
Emperors and the Divine – Rome and its Influence
The possible lives of Matleena Herajärvi : a poor woman's position in Northern Finland in the nineteenth century
The amazing history of castles & knights
Pianoforte : A social history of the piano
Zombies : a cultural history
How to be chap : the surprisingly sophisticated habits, drinks and clothes of the modern gentleman
One thousand and twenty years of young Slovakia : the first complete book about the Slovak Republic
Traditional Korea : a cultural history
The greatness that was Babylon : a sketch of the ancient civilization of the Tigris-Euphrates valley
Orientalism's interlocutors : painting, architecture, photography
Macedonia: land, region, borderland
Stranger than we can imagine : making sense of the twentieth century
Jewish studies in the 21st century : Prague, Europe, world
Fibula, fabula, fact : the Viking Age in Finland
The history of Rome : from early times to the establishment of the Empire
China : a short cultural history
Cult masterpieces : vår tids ikoner = vor tids ikoner = icons of our generation
A short history of civilization
Bricks & mortals : ten great buildings and the people they made
Storybook Helsinki and Beyond
Time frames : negotiating cultural history
THE LAST OF OLD EUROPE
Nationalising culture : the reorganisation of national culture in Swedish cultural policy 1970-2002
Bottlenecks in Knitwear and Knitted Bottlenecks : Knitwear Production with 3D Technology in Finland
A cultural history of Hungary : in the nineteenth and twentieth centuries
Popular culture in early modern Europe
Eighteenth-century London through masks : notes on disguise, authenticity, and libertinage in eighteenth-century London city guides
Ways of the weather : a cultural survey of meteorology
Divided dreamworlds? : the cultural Cold War in East and West
Modern age, the first twenty-five years : a selection
Democracy in America
Harry Mount's odyssey : Ancient Greece in the footsteps of Odysseus
