http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18434 art music
art music
Classical themes
Contemporary music for sopraano and cello
Graphical representation of sound trademarks - past, present and future
Rock me Amadeus... or how I learned to stop worrying and love Handel
The rhythm of thought : art, literature, and music after Merleau-Ponty
Six songs of experience ; String quartet no. 7.
Finnish music quarterly : Helsinki
Twenty-five favourite classics everybody loves to hear : classical all-organ library. Volume 2.
Musical elaborations
Nordic Highlights : newsletter from Gehrmans musikförlag & Fennica Gehrman
Sergey Prokofiev
The Music of Hindostan
The Gramophone classical good CD guide. 2003
Paris : a musical gazetteer
Franz Schubert : music and belief
Developping classical guitar technique
The idiot's guide to classical music
Classical & Jazz Saxophone : Two Faces of the Same Instrument
Championing the Finnish concrète : the transmissions and distractions of Patrick Kosk
The research presented in this volume is very recent, and the general approach is that of rethinking popular musicology: its purpose, its aims, and its methods. Contributors to the volume were asked to write something original and, at the same time, to provide an instructive example of a particular way of working and thinking. The essays have been written with a view to helping graduate students with research methodology and the application of relevant theoretical models. The team of contributors is an exceptionally strong one: it contains many of the pre-eminent academic figures involved in popular musicological research, and there is a spread of European, American, Asian, and Australasian scholars. The volume covers seven main themes: Film, Video and Multimedia; Technology and Studio Production; Gender and Sexuality; Identity and Ethnicity; Performance and Gesture; and, Reception and Scenes and The Music Industry and Globalization. "The Ashgate Research Companion" is designed to offer scholars and graduate students a comprehensive and authoritative state-of-the-art review of current research in a particular area. The companion's editor brings together a team of respected and experienced experts to write chapters on the key issues in their speciality, providing a comprehensive reference to the field.
The new Penguin guide to compacts discs and cassettes
The music of man
Classic ephemera
Performance Psychology : Perception, Action, Cognition, and Emotion
The transcendences of listening to music : how listening to Bob Dylan moves his fans
Your favourite classics. 3, Nordic Hits
Lives, wives and loves of the great composers
The Music of Stravinsky
The Ashgate research companion to popular musicology
O Konroua ke i kopies tu : Opera jia foni ke piano = Conroy and his copies = Opera for voice and piano
The classical CD listener's guide
The concise Oxford dictionary of music
The Bodley Head history of Western Music
20/20 : 20 new sounds of the 20th century
A Venetian concert : grand Italian architecture and renaissance music
The Gramophone classical good CD & DVD guide. 2006
Classical themes : melody line and chords for keyboard, guitar, vocal
Music of the western world
The Penguin guide to compact discs & DVDs : 2005/6 edition
The end of early music : a period performer ́s history of music for the twenty-first century
Culture club : modern art, rock and roll, and other things your parents warned you about
Music in western civilization
Finnish music quarterly : Espoo
The ultimate guide to music
Modern composers : A guide to the lives and works of the great composers from Claude Debussy to Thomas Ades
The A-Z of classical music
Different moment, different tune : how emotional perception of music changes with the time of day
When i have sung my songs : The American Art Song 1900-1940
Vocal works : György Ligeti Edition 4.
Legends of Russia
Music : an illustrated encyclopedia of musical instruments and the great composers
Design learning and well-being : 4th International Journal of Intercultural Arts Education
Mozart's women : his family, his friends, his music
Music for the people : the pleasures and pitfalls of classical music
Water crystal healing : music and images to restore your well-being
Towards the light : for solo piano
Between present and past, visible and invisible, and sensation and idea, there is resonance - so philosopher Maurice Merleau-Ponty argued and so Jessica Wiskus explores in "The Rhythm of Thought". Holding the poetry of Stephane Mallarme, the paintings of Paul Cezanne, the prose of Marcel Proust, and the music of Claude Debussy under Merleau-Ponty's phenomenological light, she offers innovative interpretations of some of these artists' masterworks, in turn articulating a new perspective on Merleau-Ponty's philosophy. More than merely recovering Merleau-Ponty's thought, Wiskus thinks according to it. First examining these artists in relation to noncoincidence - as silence in poetry, depth in painting, memory in literature, and rhythm in music - she moves through an array of their artworks toward some of Merleau-Ponty's most exciting themes: our bodily relationship to the world and the dynamic process of expression. She closes with an examination of synesthesia as an intertwining of internal and external realms and a call, finally, for philosophical inquiry as a mode of artistic expression. Structured like a piece of music itself, "The Rhythm of Thought" offers new contexts in which to approach art, philosophy, and the resonance between them.
Sibelius and the music of Finland
Classical music on CD
Britten : essays, letters and opera quides
Gareth Malone's guide to classical music : the perfect introduction to classical music
The easy classical fake book : melody, lyrics and simplified chords
Listening to western music
Music lovers' encyclopedia
Words without music : a memoir
BBC music magazine : Helsinki
Kuarteto enghordon arith. 1 : String quartet no 1
The best of Grieg
A complete of history of music : for schools, clubs and private reading
Music of erik bergman
Twentieth-century chamber music
Children's book of music
Classical chill : over 2 1/2 hours of music to chill you out
Marketing the arts : a fresh approach
The Guide to Classical Music
Jussi Björling in concert : A Reminiscence of Jussi Björling
Yl live in california
Contemporary classic guitar video
50 things you should know about music
The Romantic Age 1800 - 1914
Mojo Zappa : The untold story of rock's greatest visionary
Principles of orchestration : with musical examples drawn from his own works
Conclusion
Improvisation for classical musicians : strategies for creativity and expression
Gramophone : Vantaa
The Oxford history of western music
Finnish Music Quarterly : Vantaa
Call to composers, musicians and multimedia artists to participate in a survey establishing user requirements on local positioning systems for spatially interactive applications
Understanding the classical music profession : the past, the present and strategies for the future
Mario Lanza : An American tragedy : a biography
Computer-aided ear-training : a contemporary approach to Kodály's music educational philosophy
Classic guitar artistry
A short history of world music
Grand prix presenting classical prize winners 95.
The rough guide to classical music : [an A-Z of composers, key works and top recordings]
International Marketing Plan of International Sibelius Festival 2015
Abstract. - Summary
Classical composers : a guide to the lives and works of the great composers from the Medieval, Baroque and Classical eras
Notes of a Moscow pianist
The treasures of Beethoven
Perspectives on music
Everybody goes to Stockmann's ; Bach goes to Paris
BBC music magazine : the complete guide to classic music : e-lehti
A genius in the family : an intimate memoir of Jacqueline du Pré
The music of silence : a memoir
Romance of the classics : excerpts from 75 well loved classics played by great soloists and fine orchestras under conductors
Fontes artis musicae. Volume II 1955
Classical 1000 : the top 1000 recordings of all time
History of western music
Finland sings : Finland in music and pictures
Applying sound art research in modern electronic music production : glitch, loop, plunderphonics and sound collage as tools of production
Playing to the camera : musicians and musical performance in documentary cinema
State of the art - Deutsche Grammophon : The story = Die Geschichte
Music at the turn of century : a 19th-century music reader
The significance of Rimsky-Korsakov in the development of a Russian national identity
The classical music experience : discover the music of the world's greatest composers
Musical autographs from Monteverdi to Hindemith. Volume 2
Highlights from the ISCM World Music Days 2002 Hong Kong
Favorite French art songs : low voice
Fontes artis musicae. Volume IV 1957
50 moments that rocked the classical music world
The music of John Cage
The Classic FM Hall of Fame collection : A buyer's guide to the best classical CDs
Fontes artis musicae. Volume I 1954
Get started in classical music : [start enjoying the great composers]
Academy Zappa : Proceedings of the First International Conference of Esemplastic Zappology (ICE-Z)
Overtones : a book of temperaments: Richard Strauss, Parsifal, Verdi, Balzac, Flaubert, Nietzsche, and Turgénieff
State composers and the red courtiers : music, ideology, and politics in the Soviet 1930s
The agony of modern music
Aesthetic criteria for musical interpretation : a study of the contemporary performance of western notated instrumental music after 1750
Music redefined
Choral works
Catalogue of His Master's Voice records. 1934
Music on record : A critical guide. Volume II : Orchestral music M - Z
Your favourite classics. 2, BIS World Hits
The unspoken pressure of tradition : East Asian classical musicians in western classical music
Turkish music. Record II : Classical and religious music
A concert of angels
A survey of the traditions of western music by one of the most prominent and provocative musicologists of our time, this book illuminates, through a representative sampling of masterworks, those themes, styles, and currents that give shape and direction to each musical age.
The Penguin guide to compact discs
Barry Lyndon : Music from the academy award winning soundtrack
Nigerian art music : with an introductory of Ghanaian art music
A natural approach to singing
My favorite classics. Level two: Intermediate keyboard masterworks
Composing for voice : a guide for composers, singers and teachers
The four seasons : Antonio Vivaldi
The making of music  : a journey with notes
Attracting new audiences : attitudes and experiences in attending classical music concert of students in their twenties
Divided dreamworlds? : the cultural Cold War in East and West
Chamber music : an extensive guide for listeners
What they'll never tell you about the music business : the myths, the secrets, the lies (& a few truths)
The story of music : from antiquity to the present
Lexicon of musical invective : critical assaults on composers since Beethoven's time
The story of music
Music on record : A critical guide. Volume I : Orchestral music A - L
International handbook of research in arts education
Great Composers in historic photographs : 244 portraits from the 1860s to the 1960s
The World's great men of music
Musical instruments of the west
Elgar : an anniversary portrait
While the divide between capitalism and communism, embodied in the image of the Iron Curtain, seemed to be as wide and definitive as any cultural rift, Giles Scott-Smith, Joes Segal, and Peter Romijn have compiled a selection of essays on how culture contributed to the blurring of ideological boundaries between the East and the West. This important and diverse volume presents fascinating insights into the tensions, rivalries, and occasional cooperation between the two blocs, with essays that represent the cutting edge of Cold War Studies and analyze aesthetic preferences and cultural phenomena as various as interior design in East and West Germany; the Soviet stance on genetics; US cultural diplomacy during and after the Cold War; and the role of popular music as the universal cultural ambassador.An illuminating and wide-ranging survey of interrelated collective dreams from both sides of the Iron Curtain, Divided Dreamworlds? has a place on the bookshelf of any modern historian.
A history of western music
The classic Christmas album
The joy of music
Simply the best of classical music
Chambers music quotations
A companion to digital humanities
The New Oxford Companion to Music. Volume 2 K-Z
Classical music without fear : a guide for general audiences
This short biography of the famous composer Ludwig van Beethoven details his life, his works and gives the reader an interesting guide to the style that defined this master of symphonies and other musical works. It also discusses the influence he had on Wagner's style. This version has been specifically edited and formatted for today's e-readers, and makes an excellent addition to any music-related book collection.
Introduction to the Logic of East-West Artistic Interactions
Fail, fail again, fail better! : Microglossus
Marketing music on the internet and within social media : how individual folk musicians can promote themselves with little money
The Dent Concertgoer's companion
Arts and skills - source of well-being : Third International Journal of Intercultural Arts Education
