http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18449 avant-garde
avant-garde
Difference/indifference : musings on postmodernism, Marcel Duchamp and John Cage
The Rē Records Quarterly. Vol. 3 No. 1
Glass of the Avant-Garde : from Vienna Secession to Bauhaus : de la Secesión Vienesa a la Bauhaus = Cristal de vanguardia
On the periphery : David Sylvian : a biography
Exhibiting experimental art in China
Let's go to hell : scattered memories of the Butthole Surfers
Strountes
Ilya Kabakov : the man who never threw anything away
Beyond the dream syndicate : Tony Conrad and the arts after Cage : (a "minor" history)
The sound of being alive
The first exhibition in Italy dedicated to Vorticism, Britain's contribution to the visual avant-gardes that flourished in Europe at the beginning of the 20th century. Its distinctive figurative abstraction was a London-based Anglo-American response to Cubism and Futurism. Led by poet Ezra Pound and by artist and writer Wyndham Lewis Vorticism flared up between 1913 and 1918.
"When we first meet U., the narrator of SATIN ISLAND, he is sitting in the airport at Turin, caught in a delay caused by a rogue airplane. Like everyone else in the waiting area, he is sifting through airport pages on his laptop, and then through news sites, social pages, corridors of trivia...until he happens to stumble on information about an image on a famous shroud in Turin. The image itself isn't even visible on the shroud; it only emerged when some amateur photographer looked at the negative of a shot he'd taken and saw the figure--Christ's body supine after crucifixion. Only in the negative: the negative became a positive. A few decades later when the shroud was radiocarbon dated, it turned out to come from no later than the mid-thirteenth century. But that didn't trouble the believers. Things like that never do. A "corporate ethnographer," U. is tasked with writing the Great Report. Yet at every turn, U. finds himself overwhelmed by the ubiquity of data, lost in a buffer zone and wandering through a crowd of apparitions. Meanwhile, Madison, the woman he is seeing, becomes increasingly elusive, much like the particulars in the case of the recent, highly-publicized parachutist's death, with which U. is obsessed. He also develops a perverse interest in oil spills, spending great amounts of time watching loops of clean up videos. As U. begins to wonder if perhaps the Great Report will remain a shapeless, oozing plasma, his senses are reawakened by an ominous dream of an apocalyptic cityscape. SATIN ISLAND is a novel that captures the way we experience the world today, our efforts to find meaning, to stay awake, and discern the narratives we think of as our lives"--
Will Alsop : book 1
A concise history of popular theatre in the 20th and 21st centuries. This book questions how we define the distinguishing principles of popular theatre, considers the use of popular forms in experimental and avant-garde theatre and introduces a range of international artists and theatre makers.
Heartcore
Rome remains Rome : and excerpts from Der Osten ist rot
Twentieth-century Russian and East European painting
Space is the place : the life and times of Sun Ra
Avant-garde design : Dutch decorative arts 1880-1940
The Blaue Reiter almanac
The golden communion
Chance meeting on a dissecting table of a sewing machine and an umbrella
Russian pioneers / At the origins of non-objective art
The Ghost Trade
Chagall
Cybertext yearbook 2006 : ergodic histories
Satin Island : a novel
Replicant walk
The post-avant-garde : change, inluence and patterns of practice in Finnish painting of the 1980s
Psychedelia and other colours
Automatic for the masses : the death of the author and the birth of socialist realism
Black ships ate the sky
Moving text in avant-garde poetry : towards a poetics of textual motion
The New York schools of music and visual arts : John Cage, Morton Feldman, Edgard Var ese, Willem De Kooning, Jasper Johns, Robert Rauschenberg
Wire tapper. 41
Ōtsuji Kiyoji : = Otsuji Kiyoji : photographs in the collection of Musashino Art University Museum & Library
Worlds in collision
Natalia Goncharova : between East and West
The theatre of protest and paradox : development in the avant-garde drama
Explodity : sound, image, and word in Russian futurist book art
See hear Yoko
The popular avant-garde
Archigram : architecture without architecture
Not available : & selections from Title in limbo
Blixa Bargeld and Einstürzende Neubauten : German experimental music : 'evading do-re-mi'
God in three persons
Igor Savitsky : artist, collector, museum founder
The collected writings of Robert Motherwell
Books and pages : Polish avant-garde and artists' books in the 20th century
Mark of the mole
The Guilt Trip
Young prayer
Constructed situations : a new history and the Situationist International
The theory of the avant-garde
Mirrors For Psychic Warfare
Composer-performer Julius Eastman was an enigma, both comfortable and uncomfortable in the many worlds he inhabited: black, white, gay, straight, classical music, disco, academia, and downtown New York. His music, insistent and straightforward, resists labels and seethes with a tension that resonates with musicians, scholars, and audiences today. Eastman's provocative titles, including Gay Guerrilla, Evil Nigger, Crazy Nigger, and others assault us with his obsessions. Eastman tested limits with his political aggressiveness, as recounted in legendary scandals he unleashed, for example, his June 1975 performance of John Cage's Song Books, which featured homoerotic interjections, and the uproar over his titles at Northwestern University. These episodes are examples of Eastman's persistence in pushing the limits of the acceptable in the highly charged arenas of sexual and civil rights. The essays in Gay Guerrilla offer context on Eastman's life history and the era's social landscape, commentaries on the composer's personality and talents, and analyses of his music. The book presents an authentic portrait of a notable American artist that is compelling reading for the general reader as well as scholars interested in twentieth-century American music, American Studies, gay rights, and civil rights.
György Ligeti : beyond avant-garde and postmodernism
Modern popular theatre
The MOFO project/object
The Residents' Gingerbread man
Taking it to the bridge : music as performance
Aural Perception of Tonality in Avant Garde Music and its relationship to..
Choirs of the eye
Moscow & St. Petersburg 1900-1920 : art, life & culture of Russian silver age
Mole show : live in Holland June 6th, 1983
Records ruin the landscape : John Cage, the sixties, and sound recording
A biography of Arthur Russell, an avant garde art musician & composer who produced popular dance music in the 1970s & 1980s
Air show no. 1
The eight pillar : a confession of faith
We saw the light : conversations between the new Ameican cinema and poetry
Brecht, Pinter and the Avant-Garde : three essays on modernist drama
Space daze : the history and mystery of electronic ambient space rock
Gay guerrilla : Julius Eastman and his music
Natalia Goncharova : between Russian tradition and European modernism
Modigliani : the melancholy angel
Fear of music : why people get Rothko but don't get Stockhausen
Live heroes
Brilliant trees
Country Music of Southeastern Australia
Making modernism Soviet : the Russian avant-garde in the early Soviet era, 1918-1928
The Devil man
Conceived expressly for Yoko Ono as a gift between friends on the occasion of her eightieth birthday, See Hear Yoko is a visual portrait of an icon of contemporary American cultural history, from her days with John Lennon through to the present. Legendary rock and roll photographer Bob Gruen was welcomed into the lives of John Lennon and Yoko Ono during their years in New York City, when Gruen served as their personal lensman, and he continues to document Yoko today. Approached by his friend Jody Denberg, an Austin rock radio mainstay who had logged twenty-five years of interviews with Yoko, Gruen collaborated with him to create an extraordinary birthday gift. In this breathtaking volume, Gruen has selected more than three hundred classic color and black-and-white photographs'accompanied by text of Yoko's insights gleaned from Denberg's many hours of interviews'to illuminate the intimate story of Yoko Ono at the height of her fame as a woman, wife, mother, and avant-garde artist who keeps creating because, as she notes, "that's who I am." Yoko's role as a peace activist and artist underscores the enduring legacy of the era. See Hear Yoko reveals a modern woman in love, in ascension, in grief, in joy, and in peace. Lavish and beautiful, mirroring the deeply personal design of the original volume given to Yoko herself, See Hear Yoko brings into focus an extraordinary woman, and one of the most memorable periods in modern history.
The Rē Records Quarterly. Vol. 1 No. 4
No commercial potential : the saga of Frank Zappa
Source : music of the avant-garde, 1966-1973
Jazz styles : history & analysis
Identity and memory : the films of Chantal Akerman
The avant-garde in exhibition : new art in the 20th century
The Rē Records Quarterly. Vol. 3 No. 2
Cobra : the last avant-garde movement of the twentieth century
The rest is noise : listening to the twentieth century
New history warfare. Vol. 2 : Judges
Hold on to your dreams : Arthur Russell and the downtown music scene, 1973-1992
A glossary of catchwords of the Czech avant-garde : conceptions of aesthetics and the changing faces of art 1908-1958
Motorhellington
Our finest flowers
Alexander Rodchenko : spatial constructions = Alexander Rodchenko : Raumkonstruktionen
Disavowals or cancelled confessions
Samuel Beckett : anatomy of a literary revolution
The Russian avant-garde in the 1920s - 1930s : paintings, graphics, sculpture, decorative arts from the Russian Museum in St. Petersburg
The age of the avant-garde 1956-1972
Cybersonic arts : adventures in American new music
The age of new waves : art cinema and the staging of globalization
Color moves : art & fashion by Sonia Delaunay
Encyclopedia of Arto
Behind the Iron Curtain
The aesthetics of anarchy : art and ideology in the early Russian avant-garde
Singles : The definitive 45s collection 1952-1991
Honeysuckle æons
London Bridge is Broken Down
Lörsson/Boy In Love
Datapanik in the year zero
Desperate straights
In recent decades, experimental music has flourished outside of European and American concert halls. The principles of indeterminacy, improvisation, nonmusical sound, and noise, pioneered in concert and on paper by the likes of Henry Cowell, John Cage, and Ornette Coleman, can now be found in all kinds of new places: activist films, rock recordings, and public radio broadcasts, not to mention in avant-garde movements around the world. The contributors to Tomorrow Is the Question explore these previously unexamined corners of experimental music history, considering topics such as Sonic Youth, Julius Eastman, the Downtown New York pop avant-garde of the 1970s, Fluxus composer Benjamin Patterson, Tokyo's Music group (aka Group Ongaku), the Balinese avant-garde, the Leicester school of British experimentalists, Cuba's Grupo de Experimentación Sonora del ICAIC, Pauline Oliveros's score for the feminist documentary Maquilapolis, NPR's 1980s RadioVisions, and the philosophy of experimental musical aesthetics. Taken together, this menagerie of people, places, and things makes up an actually existing experimentalism that is always partial, compromised, and invented in its local and particular formations—in other words, these individual cases suggest that experimentalism has been a far more variegated set of practices and discourses than previously recognized. Asking new questions leads to researching new materials, new individuals, and new contexts and, eventually, to the new critical paradigms that are necessary to interpret these materials. Gathering contributions from historical musicology, enthnomusicology, history, philosophy, and cultural studies, Tomorrow Is the Question generates future research directions in experimental music studies by way of a productive inquiry that sustains and elaborates critical conversations.
Dada spectrum : the dialects of revolt
Peak hour
Aesthetic revolutions and twentieth-century avant-garde movements
Our tired, our poor, our huddled masses
Guts of a virgin
Where the heart beats: John Cage, Zen buddhism, and the inner life of artists
Bay City
Like the others
Jaromír Funke : between construction and emotion
Theoretical Girls 1978-1981
The Peel Sessions
Music for five
Greener postures
Cinema by other means
On the way to the peak of normal
The Situationist Times facsimile edition
Avant garde : an American odyssey from Gertrude Stein to Pierre Boulez
MAD works : MAD Architects
This is IT
Garden of fainting stars
A Face we all know
The Rē Records Quarterly. Vol. 1 No. 3
The aesthetics of matter : modernism, the avant-garde and material exchange
Picturing a metropolis : New York city unveiled
Dichotomy : rarities, out-takes & demos from the 60's & 70's
The Czech avant-garde literary movement between the world wars
Twin infinitives
The vorticists : manifesto for a modern world
Time out time
Formalism and historicity : models and methods in twentieth-century art
The tunes of two cities
Moving pictures
Voiceless vanguard : the infantilist aesthetic of the Russian avant-garde
The Rē Records Quarterly. Vol. 2 No. 4
The Wire Tapper. 35
Blue lambency downward
Art and architecture of the 20th century
Visualizing feeling : affect and the feminine avant-garde
Art and knowledge
The dream of Fluxus : George Maciunas : an artist's biography
Writing in context = L'écriture en contexte : French literature, theory and the avant gardes = littérature, théorie et avant-gardes françaises au XXe siècle
Tomorrow is the question : new directions in experimental music studies
New picnic time
The Überreader : selected works of Avital Ronell
Theater of the avantgarde 1890-1950 : a critical anthology
The Chaplin machine : slapstick, Fordism and the communist avant-garde
This volume proposes an in-depth exploration of the materiality of art and writing in modernism and the avant-garde. The essays explore how the avant-gardes and modernism attempted to establish the material specificity and hybridityof media and art forms. The collection sheds light on the full range and import of the aesthetics of matter in avant-garde and modernist practice across all art forms from the 19th century to the present day.
Erewhon
The perfect release
This, that and the other
The new avantgarde : issues for the art of the seventies
The blizzard --  Lower Broadway --  Beginning of a skyscraper --  Panorama from Times Building New York --  Skyscrapers of NYC from North River --  Panorama from tower of the Brooklyn Bridge --  Building up and demolishing the Star Theatre --  Coney Island at night --  Interior New York Subway 14th Street to 42nd Street --  Seeing New York by yacht --  Looney lens: split skyscrapers --  Looney lens: Tenth Avenue, NYC --  8th Avenue elevated train at 112th Street --  The trellis: work of sunshine and shade --  View of Herald Square Station --  Aerial view of Sixth Avenue train at 28th, 26th, 24th --  Manhatta --  Twentyfour-dollar Island --  Skyscraper symphony --  Manhattan medley --  A Bronx morning --  Footnote to fact --  Seeing the world --  The pursuit of happiness --  Gold diggers of 1935 ("Lullaby of Broadway") --  Autumn fire.
