http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18440 online publishing
online publishing
Adobe® Creative Suite 2 bible / : Ted Padova, Kelly Murdock
Open access in the Nordic countries
There's more to publishing an e-book than you might think-- and this guide explains it all! E-books give you full control: you no longer need to go through agents or publishers. But you do need to know about writing, publishing, and promoting an e-book in order to put it in front of a worldwide audience.
Digital design for print and web : an introduction to theory, principles, and techniques
Flash CS4 all-in-one for dummies
Sams teach yourself SharePoint foundation 2010 in 24 hours
How to do everything with online video
Creating web pages for dummies®
End user terms of use for digital music : contents, incorporation and unfairness
Docbook XSL : the complete guide
JavaScript : developer's dictionary
Sams teach yourself JavaScript in 24 hours
Distributed learning and virtual librarianship
Web site cookbook
Without their permission : the story of Reddit and a blueprint for how to change the world
Information architecture : for the Web and beyond
Essential Silverlight 3
Present yourself : using SlideShare to grow your business
The strategic web designer: how to confidently navigate the web design process
The web designer's roadmap
Web design : introductory
Getting started with D3
How to cheat in Adobe Flash CS4
Teach yourself visually Wordpress : [the fast and easy way to learn]
SharePoint for project management
Adobe Muse. : Classroom in a book the official training workbook from Adobe systems
Capture your style : transform your Instagram images, showcase your life, and build the ultimate platform
Knowledge unbound : selected writings on open access, 2002-2010
Foundation Flash CS5 for designers
Publishing Multimedia on the Web: Manipulating video in real-time
JavaScript for dummies : 4th edition
Professional Node.js : building JavaScript based scalable software
Problogger : secrets for blogging your way to a six-figure income
Web design all-in-one for dummies
ASP.NET 2.0 web parts in action : building dynamic web portals
JavaScript and Ajax : for the web
Building a web site for dummies
Digital signatures in web publishing
WordPress for dummies
Foundation Expression Blend 3 with Silverlight
Create your own online store in a weekend : using WordPress
Podcasting and blogging : with GarageBand and iWeb
The electronic publishing maze : strategies in the electronic publishing industry
How to make music on the web : get online fast expert tips & advice : record, network, promote
Adobe Dreamweaver CS4 unleashed
Get seen : online video secrets to building your business
Create your own photo blog
Adobe Creative Suite 6 : introductory
The passion of Bradley Manning
Macromedia Flash 8 : training from the source
Web design index by content.04
Design bloggers at home : fresh interiors inspiration from leading online trend-setters
Adobe® Cretive Suite® 4 bible
The creative person's website builder : how to make a pro website yourself using WordPress and other easy tools
Adobe creative suite 6 design and Web premium digital classroom
Beginning PHP6, Apache, MySQL® Web Development
Magnolia 5 CMS administration interface development with Vaadin application framework
Professional SharePoint(R) 2007 development
Publishing e-books for dummies
From standards to the invisible web
The golden rules of blogging (& when to break them)
Digital Design Essentials : 100 Ways to Design Better Desktop, Web, and Mobile Interfaces
How to blog for profit without selling your soul
How to use the Internet to advertise, promote, and market your business or website : with little or no money
IP network management : final report of the IPMAN-project
A web for everyone : designing accessible user experiences
Open access publishing as an incorporator of research and innovation cycle
Videoblogging for dummies
The digital designer's bible : the print and Web designer's toolkit for stress-free working parctice
In charge of a website? Here's what you need to know about key web technologies! Learn how the four essential web technologies work together to create web services, validate web forms, and set up a members-only site! /
Learning Drupal 8 : create complex websites quickly and easily using the building blocks of Drupal 8, the most powerful version of Drupal yet
SharePoint 2007 how-to
The E-Portfolio Paradigm : Informing, Educating, Assessing, and Managing With E-Portfolios
HTML5 & CSS3 for dummies
Pro PHP security
Adobe Acrobat 7 tips and tricks : the 150 best
Chinese personal website and website promotion
Open access : what you need to know now
Digital publishing with adobe indesign CS6
ActionScript : the definitive guide
Online publication and its effect on newsprint demand
Open access publishing as a bridge across the digital divide
Online journalism : principles and practices of news for the Web
Learning Node.js : a hands-on guide to building web applications in JavaScript
Open sourcing digital heritage : digital surrogates, museums and knowledge management in the age of open networks
Sharepoint  2010 for dummies
Web performance daybook. Volume 2
Nicely said : writing for the web with style and purpose
Video journalism for the web : a practical introduction to documentary storytelling
Brilliant Adobe Dreamweaver CS4
Docbook XSL : the Complete Guide
CD defies the internet : Finland's classical music labels confident despite drop in sales
Multichannel publishing from structured documents
Publishing a blog with blogger
BloomCasting for publish/subscribe networks
WordPress MU 2.8 : beginner's guide : build your own blog network with unlimited users and blogs, forums, photo galleries, and more!
Scholarly communications : a history from content as king to content as kingmaker
Download! : how the internet transformed the record business
Exam ref 70-480 : programming in HTML5 with JavaScript and CSS3
Web video: making it great, getting it noticed
Sams teach yourself XML in 24 hours
Visual quickstart guide DHTML and CSS for the world wide web
Creating a tourism product for promoting Finland as a tourism destination to Hispanic people : website @finlandia.com
Beginning CakePHP : from novice to professional
Ethical demands and responsibilities in online publishing. The Finnish experience
HTML, XHTML & CSS All-in-one for dummies
Problogger: secrets for blogging your way to a six-figure income
Instaworld! : full of cute pics, facts and fun!
Create your own website the easy way : [the complete guide to getting you or you business online]
Open Access : a new paradigm for the distribution of scientific publications
Dreamweaver CS5.5 mobile and web development with HTML5, CSS3, and jQuery : harness the cutting edge features of Dreamweaver for mobile and web development
Macromedia Dreamweaver 8 recipes : ASP VBScript, ASP JavaScript, ColdFusion, PHP
Blogging for dummies
Social interaction in the context of new literacies:pedagogical potentials of publishing-oriented learner-generated video production
Simply Java programming
WordPress web design for dummies
How to do everything with Adobe Acrobat 8
Joomla! 3 beginner's guide : a clear, hands-on guide to creating perfect content managed websites with the free Joomla! CMS
Working with jqTouch to build websites on top of jQuery
Joomla! 3 explained : your step-by-step guide
Creating web pages simplified
Web copy that sells : the revolutionary formula for creating killer copy every time
Microsoft Sharepoint for Office 2013 : brief
Beginning Drupal 8 teaches you how to build, maintain, and manage Drupal 8-based web sites. The book covers what Drupal is, using Drupal when building a new web site, installing and configuring Drupal, creating and managing content, managing users, adding functionality to your web site through Drupal modules, and advanced topics on using themes, panels, and views. The book also builds practical examples of common Drupal sites, such as a company website, a community website, and a commerce website, that you can take and expand on to create your own Drupal 8 sites. By reading this book, you will understand the power of the Drupal platform, and why you should be using Drupal if you're not already. Through following the samples in the book, you will quickly build your confidence and your ability to use Drupal. Beginning Drupal 8 gives you the knowledge necessary to build, deploy, and manage web sites on Drupal 8.
Google Blogger for dummies
Microsoft Expression Web 2 on demand
Web design in easy steps
Pro JavaScript RIA techniques : best practices, performance, and presentation
PHP, MySQL, JavaScript & HTML5 all-in-one for dummies
WordPress complete : a comrehensive, step by step guide on how to set up, customize, and market your blog using WordPress
Implementing Open Access mandates in Europe : OpenAIRE Study on the Development of Open Access Repository Communities in Europe
The official Joomla! book
Institutional repositories : content and culture in an open access environment
Create with <code> : build your own website
Teach yourself Web publishing with HTML and XHTML in 21 days
WordPress 100 success secrets : start your blog today : WordPress complete : everything you need in easy steps to create your blog and tell the world about your passion
Publishing in the networked world: transforming the nature of communication : 14th International Conference on Electronic Publishing, 16-18 June 2010, Helsinki, Finland
Abstract: The purpose of this thesis was to explore the different ways of publishing multimedia content on the web using HTML5 to allow an easier and more effective implementation of the dynamic content on the web.    A brief history and overview of HTML and its progression are covered to show how HTML5s development came about. HTML5 features are discussed focusing mainly on HTML5 video, audio and canvas. The practical part of the project includes the development of a custom player that is implemented using HTML5, JavaScript and cascading style sheets.    With the help of this thesis, one would be able to build a custom video player that would allow easier customization with JavaScript and cascading style sheets, depending on the developers competence. It would also allow the developer to develop the application further as the basics are provided in this thesis. The results of the project were tested on different devices and browsers in order to see how they were supported. This provided us with excellent results that allowed us to stream clips across different browsers considering it was a demo application. It is however important to keep in mind that the standards of HTML 5 are still under development and may therefore be changed at any time..
Blogging for creatives : how designers, artists, crafters and writers can blog to make contacts, win business and build success
HTML, CSS, and JavaScript mobile development for dummies
Beginning CSS:  Cascading style sheets for web design
Professional SharePoint® 2010 development
Flash XML applications : use AS2 and AS3 to create photo galleries, menus, and databases
Drupal 8 for absolute beginners
Abstract:.
Welcome to my homepage! : a lexical analysis of British and American personal homepages on the internet
Podcasting for teachers : using a new technology to revolutionize teaching and learning
Professional blogging for dummies
Async in C# 5.0
Professional ASP.NET 3.5 SP1 edition : in C♯ and VB
The following project based thesis will present the rationale behind creating a website promoting Finland as a tourism destination for Hispanic people. It will analyse the latest statistics on travelling to Finland, with emphasis on visitors from Spain and Latin American countries. It will describe why a travel guide was chosen and the reason for a website as opposed to a traditional travel book. As Spanish is spoken natively by over 350 million people in the world, it is a very important language not only for travelling, but also for business and marketing, this thesis will also introduce the definition of some key aspects to the guide and statistics and graphics supporting the idea of the need for information about Finland available in Spanish.     The purpose of this thesis is to find out and justify the need for a web-based travel guide in Spanish language and what features would best suit for such a large target market. Several electronic travel guides are analysed and compared to help clarify the latest trends on Internet travel guides. Further, it will illustrate the layout of an electronic tourism product, in the form of a tourism website, for Finland. This study introduces the basic information that the website will contain, together with a preliminary view of the finalised product. The core product is a website directed towards attracting Hispanics to Finland, by providing regularly updated information, photographs, maps and other innovative features that will be described in detail.          The main objective of this product is to present an innovative product that Spanish speakers will use before deciding where to holiday, during their stay and after. For this reason, it could also be used by Hispanics planning to move to Finland or those that are already residents and would get to know the country and its people better.  Additionally, it could be the basis that links to sister websites about travelling, enjoying food and living in Finland.     The final objective of the product is to be commercially sustainable through advertisements but still retain an unbiased opinion about the services and tourism products and Finland as a holiday destination. Possibilities of growth and expand are also presented in brief description on the final part of the thesis, together with an analysis of the key findings and the conclusions that were drawn from this thesis.      Annexed at the end of the thesis a sketch of the front page can be found together with a brief explanation of its characteristics and features.
Old music in new bottles
Teach yourself visually complete WordPress
Beginning Java EE 6 platform with GlassFish 3
Drupal 8 theming with Twig
Programming WCF services
Return on design : Smarter web design that works
Mom blogging for dummies
Wikileaks : inside Julian Assange's war on secrecy
