http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18496 European integration
European integration
Zu einer Europäischer Union der Bürger = On an European Union of citizens
Workshop on Pension Reform in Baltic Countries : Country Reports : First Meeting of the OECD Forum on Private Pensions 3-7 April 2000.
"What is Europe? What are the contents of the concept of Europe? And what defines European identity? Instead of only asking these classical questions, this volume also explores who asks these questions, and who is addressed with such questions. Who answers the questions, from which standpoints and for what reasons? Which philosophical, historical, religious or political traditions influence the answers? This book addresses its task in three parts. The first concentrates on the controversies around the meaning of Europe. The second focuses on the role of the European Union. The third discusses Europe and its relations to different types of otherness, or rather, non-European-ness. The volume produces a complex and plural picture of the concepts, ideas, debates and (ex)changes associated with the concept of Europe, and has a clear significance for today's debates on European identity, Europeanization, and the EU".
The political dynamics of European economic integration
The uniting of Europe : political, social, and economic forces, 1950-1957
History of the Council of Europe
Germany, Europe and the politics of constraint
Is the Euro-train running out of puff? : a study of metaphors about the European integration process
Estonia and the European Union : preliminary theses on future membership
Does the Turkish constitutional reform from 2001 bring Turkey closer to the European Union? : comparing accession partnership, national program and the constitutional amendment
Hierarchy and interdependence in multi-level strucutures : foreign and European relations of Belgian, German and Austrian federated entities
More members for the EU? : a report on EU enlargement
This book looks both backward and forward with regard to the European Union's political strategies towards its neighbouring countries. By bringing together the perspectives of critical geopolitics, policy studies and border studies, it presents a comprehensive review of the European Neighbourhood Policy and how it impacts the ongoing construction of the EU's external frontiers. Is the EU committed to promoting integration in a 'wider' European space, or is a "fortress Europe" emerging where the strengthening of internal cohesion is coupled with the militarisation of its external borders? The book aims to problematize this question by showing how the EU's external policies are based on a mixture of openness and closure, inclusion and exclusion, cooperation and securitisation. The European Neighbourhood Policy is a controversial strategy where regionalization and bordering, homogenisations and differentiations, centrifugal and centripetal forces proceed side-by-side, in an explicit attempt to construct a selective, mobile and fragmented border. A specific focus is devoted to the diversity of geo-strategies the EU is pursuing in its neighbouring countries and regions, macro-regional strategies and cross-border cooperation initiatives as new scales of cooperation, and the role of other global players.
Getting along with Gulliver : a review of Finnish-German relations
Integration cycles in the Eurozone stock markets
Security through integration? : the role of security in the enlargements of the European Union
Post-communist transition in Europe and its broader international implications
Workshop on Pension Reform in Baltic Countries : Selection of Room Documents : First Meeting of the OECD Forum on Private Pensions 3-7 April 2000.
The big leap to the West : the impact of EU on the Finnish political system
Stars and trident : the European integration of Ukraine = Gwiazdy i tryzub : europejska integracja Ukrainy = Zìrki ì trizub : êvropejs'ka ìntegracìâ Ukraïni
European integration between political science and international relations theory : the end of sovereignty
The principle of proportionality : limitation and tool for the European integration
European labour law
Space and historical time as dimensions of social change
Behind the myth of European Union : prospects for cohesion
European internal market policy
Europa im Ostblock : Vorstellungen und Diskurse (1945 - 1991) = Europe in the Eastern Bloc
Changing the history : shaping the future : aula lecture april 19, 2001 : Muudame ajalugu : kujundame tulevikku : aulaloeng 19. aprillil 2001
EPC - EPZ - CPE, 1969-1978 : phraseology of European political co-operation. English-German-French
Harmonization of legislation in federal systems : constitutional, federal and subsidiarity aspects : the European Union and the United States compared
Essays on economic integration and labour demand
Combating crime in Europe : the approach towards harmonisation of criminal law
EEC, EFTA : more than just good friends? = CEE, AELE : mariage en vue? : proceedings of the symposium organized by the College of Europe (Bruges, 30 June - 2 July 1988)
"This collection looks at transnational infrastructures, from the first ceremonial train of the European Coal and Steel Community to the new border signs replacing checkpoints along motorways, and how such infrastructural links are part of the long history of European unification". --Provided by publisher.
The JCMS annual review of the European Union in ..
Workshop on Insurance in the Baltics : Selection of Documents : Vilnius, Lithuania 22-23 November 1999.
Britain, Germany and the future of the European Union
The EU between 'an ever closer union' and inalienable policy domains of member states
Absent at the creation : Britain and the formation of the European community, 1950-1952
Impacts of capacity remunerative mechanisms on cross-border trade
The European union. Vol. 1, Perspectives and theoretical interpretations
The meanings of Europe : changes and exchanges of a contested concept
Globalization, social movements, and the construction of Europe : the example of the European parliament elections in France
Past and present of European integration : Poland's perspective
Creating an integrated society and recognising differences : the role and limits of human rights, with special reference to Europe
World Trade Organization and regional integration agreements : the case of European Communities
Integration theory, subsidiarity and the internationalisation of issues : the implications for legitimacy
Monitoring European integration : the impact of Eastern Europe
Community and autonomy : multilevel policy-making in the European Union
Building market institutions in South Eastern Europe : comparative prospects for investment and private sector development
"The Baltic states on their way to the European union" (security aspects) : an international conference organized by the Latvian institute of international affairs and the Konrad Adenauer foundation : 3 December 1994 : Stockholm school of economics in Riga = Baltijas valstis ceļā uz Eiropas savienību" (drošības aspekti] : Latvijas āpolitikas institūta un Konrāda Adenauera fonda rīkota starptautiska konference : 1994. gada 3. decembris : Rīgas ekonomikas augstskola
Internal management of external relations : the europeanization of an economic affairs ministry
Aspects of statehood and institutionalism in contemporary Europe
Neighbourhood policy and the construction of the European external borders
Optimal currency areas, EMU and the outlook for Eastern  Europe
The changing role of the European Council in the institutional framework of the European Union : consequences for the European integration process
Terms of engagement : the United States and the European security identity
Europe in question : theories of regional international integration
From Left to West : The position of Vasemmistoliitto on European integration in 1990-1998
The facts rebel : the future of Russia and the West
European Integration and national adaptations : a theoretical inquiry
Materializing Europe : transnational infrastructures and the project of Europe
Collected courses of the Academy of European Law = Recueil des cours de l'Académie de droit européen : 1991. Vol. 2, 1, European Community law
European integration and the Cold War : Ostpolitik-Westpolitik, 1965-73
Setting signs for Europe : why diacritics matter for European integration
Latvia and the EU
What has been done, what is going on, what is to be expected: principles, model laws, regulations or ...?
Social failures of EU enlargement : a case of workers voting with their feet
From the first to the last Europeans? : Swiss public opinion on European integration
The European Union explained : Europe in 12 Lessons
Public interest and market pressures : problems posed by Europe 1992
European integration
Transnational party co-operation and European integration : the process towards direct elections
EU Single Market  : The evolution of the European Single Market
L'intégration du droit international et communautaire dans l'ordre juridique national : étude de la pratique en Europe = The integration of international and European Community law into the national legal order : a study of the practice in Europe
Abstract: EU single market : the evolution of the European single market. The purpose of this study paper was to define what is the EU Single Market in theory, how it began and to compare it with the current reality. Problems achieving political objectives in the 1990s. Also, what it has turned into today i.e. the EU's enlargements 2004 and 2007 to 27. Demographics and what kind of economic convergence takes place in new member states. The methodology used in this study was qualitative. They consisted of both source books and newspaper articles, and the internet news agencies e.g. Financial Times, Telegraph, and web sources of the European Commission. The results revealed that the Union has many issues and failures. It is also clear that stability is difficult to maintain as many factors influence the situation of the Union e.g. different economies of the member states in the South and North, convergence issues. GDP is not a perfect measurement to see what is going on because even if the GDP is high it may not mean that a state is wealthy. The conclusion of the study was that the EU is a political union. Its enlargement is hard to understand as the criteria used to assess eligibility of a state are very subjective. The contemporary issues with such member states as Latvia, Greece, Ireland, Spain and Estonia joining Euro currency as an example of success while other states struggle make the EU look very political union rather than economic one.
European culture and the media : changing media, changing Europe
Keeping the door ajar : local border traffic regimes on the EU’s eastern borders
This study looks at the interplay between European Monetary Union (EMU) and a future EU enlargement to Central and Eastern Europe. The country focus is on the Czech Republic, Hungary, Poland, Slovakia and Slovenia.The analysis concludes that EMU is improving the framework conditions for a future Eastern enlargement. Moreover, EMU in itself is becoming ever more relevant to the candidate countries from Central and Eastern Europe: The introduction of the euro and these countries' subsequent accession to the EU will alter their monetary and exchange rate policy frameworks.The EMU convergence criteria will not play a major role in the EU accession process.However, in the preaccession period, they should be viewed as medium- and longer-term points of reference for stability-oriented economic policymaking. .
Case studies in European Economic Union : the mechanics of integration
The economics of European integration : theory, practice, policy
Baltic Ring Study : Second Draft Main Report. 2, Background and Current Situation
Abstract: Studying th European Union: from grand integration theories to the study of governance, institutions and policy networks.
Cyprus 2000 : articles from four decades with conclusive remarks
Europe's experimental union : rethinking integration
Internatum : EU Enlargement -Security Perspectives-
Multi-speed Europe? : differentiated integration in the external relations of the European Union
International history of the twentieth century and beyond
Unravelling the Baltic Sea conundrum : regionalism and European integration revisited
East-West integration
From Luxembourg to Maastricht : institutional change in the European Community after the Single European Act
Latvia and future enlargement of the European union: European union members' perspectives : Thesis. 14th-15th september 1995, Riga
Twentieth-century Europe : paths to unity
Britain and the Schuman plan : the early years of British negative attitude towards European unification
L'Europe de 1992 et au-delà - défis et réponses : implications pour l'administration publique dans les Etats membres de la CEE = Europe: 1992 and beyond - challenge and response : implications for public administration in EC countries
South Eastern Europe 2000 : a view from Serbia
Since the Copenhagen and Essen Summits in June 1993 and December 1994, there has been a consensus on eastern enlargement.Central and Eastern European countries have been shown the green light in terms of accession.However, questions of when and how remain open for discussion.The main elements of the accession strategy appear in the Europe Agreements on economic cooperation, the White Paper on approximation of laws, the Phare programme of economic aid to the associated countries and structured dialogue.  At the moment, the aspirant members are not ready to take on the complex set of rules ranging from minimum social and environmental standards in the single market to the application of competition law.  In respect to transition development, markets already finction reasonably well in most CEECs.However, in several areas of economic activity, effective and transparent corporate governance and appropriate standards for conducting business still have a long way to go.This applies, in particular, to enterprise restructuring, strengthening of financial institutions, commercialisation of infrastructure and environmental protection. Furthermore, many changes in legal structures are still required. Regrading to macroeconomic stabilisation, progress towards stability continues, growth remains relatively strong and inflation has declined.Nevertheless, increasing trade deficits, real exchange rate appreciation and signs of a deterioration in international competitiveness may lower growth.In addition, expectations concerning wage increases, further liberalisation of administered prices, money supply growth caused by high interest rates, and growth of credits to enterprises are to fuell inflation in the future.  From the EU's point of view, the official framework for admission to the EU involves, among others, the Commission preparing an opinion (avis) on the applicant's ability to acceppt the body of EU law (aquis communautaire).Furthermore, the Commission must prepare a report on the EU's financial framework covering the early years of the next century and likely effects of enlargement.Finally, before enlargement can take place, the Intergovernmental Conference must succeed in streamlining EU decision-making and institutions, extending EU responsibility for joint foreign and defence policies and improving cooperation in home affairs matters.  The EU has grown to fifteen members through four enlargements. Monetary integration is currently scheduled for 1999 and given the amount of effort made, there seems no way turning back.Monetary union is considered a logical extension of the single market and therefore, enlargement cannot be pursued at the expense of monetary union.Only after monetary union has started functioning, concrete actions can be taken in terms of enlargement.  Keywords: Integration, Central and Eastern Europe, the Europe Agreements, The European Union, the European Monetary Union, eastern enlargement. .
Regional cooperation and the European integration process : Nordic and Central European experiences : international conference, Budapest, 10-11 March, 1996.
On the road to the European Union : some remarks on  budgetary performance in Transition Economies
European unification in political philosophy and other essays
The subject of this article is East-West integration.Part two examines the issue of integration between East and West by introducing the club theory as applied to international relations.The general assumption of the club theory is that the costs and benefits are a function of the size of the club and that the club size will be expanded till the marginal costs equal the marginal benefits.Part three examines the concrete benefits and costs of EU enlargement.There are economic and political gains, budgetary costs, voting and migration effects involved in the integration between East and West.Finally, part four discusses visions and realism of further integration and suggestions for interim policies while achieving an integrated Europe. .
Voting rules and budget allocation in an enlarged EU
Media, interaction and integration : cross-cultural dialogues in the Baltic sea area
Comparison of the postwar and post-cold war generations of temporary foreign worker admissions
The theoretical literature suggests four criteria for judging whether regions should form a currency area: mobility of labour and capital, flexibility of prices and wages, openness to trade and diversity of production.Regions that have relatively closed economies, narrow product ranges, strong price and wage rigidities, and low external mobility of labour and capital should not join monetary union, but should instead retain exchange-rate flexibility.  According to Maastricht Treaty, countries wishing to join EMU must fulfil the convergence criteria on interest rate levels, exchange rates, price stability and public debt.Several studies indicate that neither current EU-members nor the Central and Eastern European countries fully satisfy Mundell's criteria for optimal currency area (OCA) or EMU convergence criteria.Therefore, a European monetary union might run more smoothly if limited to a subset of EU members.  European Union is less of an optimal currency area than, for example, the US, due to lower factor mobility, more variable real exchange rates and slower response to aggregate shocks.Regarding to convergence criteria, it seems that the majoriy of the EU-countries satisfy the criteria to price stability whereas more efforts are needed where public debt is concerned.In respect of Central and Eastern European countries, the successful conclusion of systematic transformation and market oriented structural reforms is essential before participation in EMU.At present, countries should concentrate on maintaining their commitment to stabilization and on development further modern monetary and fiscal policies. Furthermore, they must complete financial sector reform, and liberalize capital movements.In addition, their central banks have to become fully independent and have price stability as primary objective.Actions should be taken to tackle factors that hinder the efficiency of monetary policy e.g. the volatility of money demand, the poor degree of privatization and competition in the banking sector, the non-existence of a enforcable bankruptcy law, the lack of development of money and securities markets and the problem "bad loans" in the banking sector.  Endogineity of OCA criteria argues that suitability of European countries, both Western and Eastern, for EMU cannot be judged on the basis of historical data since the structure of these economies is likely to change in EMU.The more countries integrate with each other, the more highly correlated will be their business cycles. Therefore, if a country, failing the OCA criteria now, goes ahead and joins EMU anyway, its trade linkages and income correlation with other EMU members are likely to rise as a consequence of entry into EMU.  Keywords: EMU, OCA, integration, transition, Central and Eastern Europe, enlargement .
Towards European Union Eastern enlargement : progress and  problems in pre-accession
Empirical studies in trade, integration and growth
National museums making history in a diverse Europe
Imagining Europe, imagining the nation : Estonian discussion on European unification, 1923-1957
France and European integration : towards a transnational polity?
Spatialisation of higher education : Poland and Slovenia
Foreign Direct Investment in the Real and Financial Sector of Industrial Countries
Pre-acculturation among voluntary migrants
European business
Accession to the EU is one of the biggest challenges for the CEECs in the coming years.Sound and sustainable public finances are crucial for the transformation towards a market economy to be continued (completed), as well as for the country's ability to comply with the membership requirements.As the long-term macroeconomic stability depends heavily on sound and sustainable fiscal balances, the structural reforms that will strengthen public finances should be a task of a highest priority for applicant countries.  The measurement of the budgetary position in transition economies presents important difficulties, as the quality and comparability of statistics is still poor, and as those less visible forms of fiscal deficit (i.e. the quasi-fiscal deficit and the contingent deferred fiscal deficit) are clearly linked with the postponements in structural reforms.  Furthermore, there is unquestioned interdependence between fiscal policy (budgetary aggregates) and the transition process (changes in macro- and microeconomic performance of the country).Indeed, one can hardly expect a successful balanced-budget policy during the entire journey from plan to market.To the extent that fiscal imbalances reflect the costs of necessary adjustments, they may be temporarily justified (as 'transitional' deficits).Thus, the most difficult issue in designing and implementing fiscal policy during transition is choosing a proper balance between the need to achieve macroeconomic stability (which require fiscal discipline) and the need to pursue structural, market-oriented (and fiscally costly) reforms.In practice, in the short run, this can lead to conflicts between quality and quantity of fiscal adjustment.  When the quality of fiscal adjustment is poor, the current 'good' quantities are not the evidence of sound public finances.Slow progress in structural reforms, which is not fully reflected in current budgetary aggregates, poses a risk of future fiscal imbalances and constitutes a threat to macroeconomic stabilization and sustainable growth.Therefore, further progress in restructuring the economy and reducing the role that the state plays in production and resource allocation remain the main challenges for sustainable fiscal position in transition economies.   The current levels of government spending in the relatively poor transition countries are much too excessive.The need to finance high government spending (strongly dominated by current transfers) makes impossible the reduction of the overall heavy fiscal burden on the economy.Such a burden creates a strong barrier to fast growth and leads to the development of the underground economy.  With this unfavourable current situation any pressure on the expenditure side will deteriorate fiscal position.Such pressures will derive from the continuous progress in structural reform as well as from the process of the preparation to accession.  As discussed in this paper, the budget deficit, as usually measured, has important shortcomings as an indicator of sound and sustainable public finances in transition economies.But this does not mean that fiscal imbalances are the matter of irrelevance. Instead, the medium term reform programs should address the need to reduce the fiscal deficit, but this goal can be achieved only by reshaping government expenditure with priorities given to productive activities (such as investment in infrastructure and in human capital), together with reducing the size of public spending.   Keywords: budget, deficit, European Union, fiscal policy .
European Union accession and land tenure data in Central and Eastern Europe
Europe : developments and integration : a guide for housing researchers and students
The institution and the role of the regional councils within Finnish regional policy governance : an outsider perspective
Discourses, boundaries and scales : Estonian territorial politics in the 'new' Europe
Interlinkages between European Monetary Union and a future  EU enlargement to Central and Eastern Europe
Baltic Ring Study : Second Draft Main Report.. 1, Analyses and Conclusions
Free trade area between China and European Union : idea or reality?
Strengthening the world order: universalism v. regionalism : risks and opportunities of regionalization : symposium held on the occasion of the 75th anniversary of the Institute of International Law Kiel, May 17 to 20, 1989
The European challenge : geography and development in the European Community
EU single market : the evolution of the European single market
Proceedings of the conference Estonia and the European Union, November 2nd-4th, 1994, Estonia, Tallinn
The New Europe - Strategies For Differentiated Integration : International Bertelsmann Forum
The European Parliament, the national parliaments and European integration
Abstract: National legislatures and EU governance.
Legislation in European countries : proceedings of a conference in Bad Homburg, Germany (Dec. 11 - 13, 1991)
Public education in an integrated Europe : studying to migrate and teaching to stay?
Regional integration and the state : the changing nature of sovereignty in Southern Africa and Europe
Is the EU enlargement the success EU institutions proclaim? Based on fifteen years of fieldwork research across Central and Eastern Europe and on migrants in the UK and Germany, this book provides a less glittering answer. The EU has betrayed hopes of social cohesion: social regulations have been forgotten, multinationals use threats of relocations, and workers, left without institutional channels to voice their concerns, have reacted by leaving their countries en masse. Yet migration, for many, increases social vulnerability. Drawing on Hirschman's concepts of 'Exit' and 'Voice', the book traces the origins of such failures in the management of EU enlargement as a pure economic and market-creating exercise, neglecting the inherently political nature of labour relations. The reinforcement of market mechanisms without political counterbalances has resulted in an increase in opportunistic 'exit' behaviour by both employers and employees, and thereby in a worsening quality of democracy, at workplace, national and European levels. As a result of this process, the EU has become more similar to the North American Free Trade Agreement between USA, Canada and Mexico, where social rights are marginalized and economic integration does not translate into better development.
Co-operation in Europe
Towards corporate tax harmonization in the European community : an institutional and procedural analysis
Integration and unequal development : the experience of the EEC
Essays on euro area enlargement
The Longman companion to the European Union since 1945
Politics of religion in Western Europe : modernities in conflict?
The European union. Vol. 2, Policy processes
Voting rules and budget allocation in the enlarged EU
Preparing Europe for the 21. century : the Amsterdam Council and beyond
Trade policies and integration : evaluations with CGE models
Educated people, migration and European integration
