http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18424 relational databases
relational databases
This thesis was requested by the HAAGA-HELIA thesis group on databases and the DBTech EXT project for a workshop where one of the topics is database replication. Its purpose was to test and document database replication techniques in most common database systems. The thesis was done in two parts. The first part was a literature research. It was constructed from vendor manuals, handbooks, studies and white papers. Additionally, re-grouping by functionality was done to help out differentiate replication features of vendor database systems. The second part, the empirical part consistsed of series of tests, where database replication was tested in practice using gathered information from the first part. Furthermore, a setup of replication environment using SQL server 2008 was documented. The literature review showed that all database vendors have exclusive replication products. All vendors have their own concepts and terms, which made comparison of features challenging. In the recap of the first part, replication systems were compared by type and functionality rather than per vendor basis. Furthermore, groups were re-named. According to the empirical tests, database replication can be done in various ways and it proved to be effective system to distribute data where it's needed. Moreover, the tests showed the im-portance of planning. The study concludes that, due to the subject complexity and differences in vendor concepts, sufficient theoretical and empirical background is required to plan, implement and maintain replication systems.
Database systems using Oracle : a simplified guide to SQL and PL/SQL
Oracle9i XML handbook
Administering Microsoft SQL Server 7.0 : level 2 : keynote
Understanding DB2 : learning visually with examples
Order Book and Volume Tracking Tool
Defensive database programming with SQL server
Data access patterns : database interactions in object-oriented applications
NHiberate : ORM solution for .NET platform
The art of SQL
Microsoft SQL Server 2008 R2 unleashed
Remedy inventory and ticketing system
Expert One-on-One Oracle
SQL : the complete reference
Automated physical database design and tuning
Database system concepts
Database in depth : relational theory for practitioners
Database processing : fundamentals, design, and implementation
Logical extensions of relational databases
SQL : the structured query language
Abstract: NHiberate : ORM solution for .NET platform.
Managing XML data DB2, Oracle and MS SQL Server 2005
"The 2012 release of Microsoft SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS) offers significant new and enhanced features that greatly expand the capabilities of this product--but only if you know how to exploit them effectively.  This book shows you how.  It not only covers the latest features of the 2012 product release, it teaches you best practices for using them effectively.  Each chapter includes helpful case studies and tutorial examples--all based on years of the expert authors' real-world experience--to better illustrate concepts and techniques" --Back cover.
Oracle9i new features
Microsoft SQL Server 2012 pocket consultant
SQL for dummies
User interface conception for asset management system
Microsoft SQL Server 2012 high-performance T-SQL using window functions
How to design a sustainable national database (population register) for developing countries
Professional Microsoft SQL Server 2012 integration services
Relational database design and implementation : clearly explained
Oracle Database 11g & MySQL 5.6 : developer handbook
Order book and volume tracking tool
"Develop, debug, and administer data-backed XML applications using the expert instruction and best practices in this Oracle Press guide. Oracle Database 11g: Building Oracle XML DB Applications discusses the latest development tools, technologies, and components. Find out how to set up Oracle XML Database, build XML applications in Oracle JDeveloper 11g, work with XSLT stylesheets, and incorporate full-text search. Troubleshooting, performance tuning, and security are also covered in this comprehensive resource"--
A guide to relational database design covers such topics as setting objectives, establishing table structures, and identifying and establishing business rules.
Database application development and design
Theory and practice of relational databases
Implementing Microsoft SQL Server 7.0 : level 3 : keynote
PostgreSQL : up and running
Oracle PL/SQL by example
Management Information System for Resources Office (MISRO Version  1.0)
E-commerce with customizability for Six-fo
Migrating an Oracle database to DB2
Access 2002 : an advanced course for students
Practical SQL : the sequel
MySQL pocket reference
Administering Microsoft SQL Server 7.0 : level 4 : keynote
Implementing Microsoft SQL Server 7.0 : level 4 : keynote
Microsoft SQL Server 2012 master data services
With the changing technology, many companies are changing their systems from manual based systems to automated systems. These provide assistance for people who deal with large volumes of diverse types of rapidly changing information. Relational databases incorporated with sophisticated programs allow the user to perform complex analysis in a way that improves the speed and quality of work .The vision of many companies is to computerize their systems to improve production and efficiency and thus be more profitable. The purpose of the thesis was to create a database that manages both the ICT equipments and the help desk in an organization. The Remedy Inventory and Ticketing System application was developed using Ms Access 2003 for the Ministry of Education in Kenya. The thesis is divided into two parts, the first part of the thesis, the author was able illustrate the steps in designing and developing a relational database. The author compares the current system and the proposed system. The current help desk system is using Ms Excel files to manage its data and there is no ICT equipment database in operation. Where else the later part shows the actual design and development of the RITS application given the entities provided by the client organization, backing up and ensuring security for the database. The result of this study shows that though RITS, the proposed system tries to eliminate the faults in the current system, it does not completely eliminate them. It needs to be improved by the use of better, in-the-market applications like SQL and Oracle.
Schaum's outline of fundamentals of relational databases
Implementing Microsoft SQL Server 7.0 : level 1 : keynote
Object-relational database development : a plumber's guide
SQL cookbook
A guided tour of relational databases and beyond
Materializing the web of linked data
Oracle database 11g : building Oracle XML DB Applications
Beginning SQL Server 2000 for VB developers
Discovering SQL : a hands-on guide for beginners
"This hands-on Oracle Press guide shows, step-by-step, how to build, configure, and manage a data-backed private/hybrid cloud with Oracle Enterprise Manager Cloud Control 13c. Written by an Oracle Certified Master and experienced author, Oracle Database Cloud Cookbook with Oracle Enterprise Manager Cloud Control 13c offers clear explanations, real-world examples, and expert tips. Find out how to consolidate server and database assets; plan and set up your cloud; deliver DBaaS, SCHaaS, and PDBaaS; use the Cloud REST API; and work with hybrid cloud configurations. Standby databases, cloud-based security, and data backup are also covered in this comprehensive resource"--
Logical and relational learning
SQL Server 7 : administration level 3.
A first  look at SQL server 2005 for developers
SQL and relational theory : how to write accurate SQL code
Simply SQL
Implementing SQL 7.0 : level 1.
Oracle core : essential internals for DBAs and developers
PHP 5 in practice
SQL all-in-one for dummies
Pro Entity Framework 4.0
Database replication : an overview of replication techniques in common database systems
Nokia test management data integrity through data model harmonization
Oracle database 11g : the complete reference
Oracle RMAN 11g backup and recovery
Using and migrating to FOSS, and creation of minimal bookeeping [i.e. bookkeeping] database with OpenOffice base
The RDBMS market today is highly competitive and occupied by many vendors. To get more market share the vendors are trying to acquire new customers from companies and individuals who do not have RDBMS provider yet and also by pursuing customers willing to migrate to their system from a competitors system. IBM DB2 and Oracle Database are among the top players in the RDBMS market. Both companies have provided various features and tools which make the migration to their system from the competitors system easier. In this thesis we assess the migration process from Oracle to DB2. Objective of this thesis was to identify and analyse key problem issues when migrating a sample Oracle database to IBM DB2. Secondary objective was to produce an overview of the migration process. This overview could be used as guidelines of how to migrate an Oracle database to DB2. This thesis was done as a research project, partly based on theoretical knowledge and partly on empirical study. The research was done by first planning and setting up the platform and the sample database and then executing the migration, verifying the results by testing and documenting the results. After this the problem issues in the migration were identified and analysed. We managed to reach these objectives in our thesis work. The sample database was successfully migrated and the migration was documented. The problem issues faced were documented and analysed, and in addition solution ideas to fix them were given.
SQL in a nutshell
MySQL high availability : tools for robust data centers
Practical SQL queries for Microsoft SQL server 2008 R2
Professional SQL Server development with Access 2000
Administering Microsoft SQL Server 7.0 : level 1 : keynote
Microsoft SQL server 2005 : database essentials : step by step
Microsoft® SQL Server® 2008 internals
Information modeling and relational databases : from conceptual analysis to logical design
Oracle 10g programming : a primer
Utilization of adjacency model in graph analysis
The Microsoft(R) data warehouse toolkit : with SQL Server(TM) 2005 and the Microsoft(R) Business Intelligence toolset
RXQL: an SQL-like query language for selecting, harmonizing, and aggregating data from heterogeneous XML data sources
Instant PostgreSQL starter : discover how to get started using PostgreSQL with minimum hassle!
Database Replication – an Overview of Replication Techniques in Common Database Systems
Describing the structure and contents of a database using XML
Representation and retrieval of uncertain temporal information in museum databases
Cloud database development and management
Effective executive's guide to Access 2002 : the seven steps for designing, building, and managing an Access database
Designing relational database systems
Programming Microsoft SQL server 2005
Data transformation from relational database to Domino database
Oracle database 11g performance tuning recipes : a problem-solution approach
Database design for a customized mobile phone software creation team
Relational theory for computer professionals : what relational databases are really about
PL/SQL for students
Expert Oracle application express plug-ins : building reusable components
Database design and relational theory : normal forms and all that jazz
PostgreSQL 9 administration cookbook : solve real-world PostgreSQL problems with over 100 simple yet incredibly effective recipes
How to do everything with Access 2002
Oracle database 11g DBA handbook
Relational database index design and the optimizers : DB2, Oracle, SQL server et al
A guide to the SQL standard : a user's guide to the standard database language SQL
Introduction to SQL : mastering the relational database language
MySQL administrator's bible
Database systems and database security
Understanding data and information systems for recordkeeping
This pocket-sized guide delivers ready answers for administering SQL Server Code Name "Denali". Zero in on core support and maintenance tasks using quick-reference tables, instructions, and lists that help you save time and get the job done!
Database concepts
The structure of the relational database model
"Learn powerful techniques for surfacing and delivering actionable business intelligence using SQL. Practical SQL Queries for Microsoft&#x02bc; SQL Server&#x02bc; 2008 R2 contains more than 400 downloadable SQL queries you can use to extract meaningful insights from large amounts of data. The application, syntax, and results of each query are described in detail. The book emphasizes SQL for use in SSMS, but the queries also apply to SSRS, SSIS, WinForms, WebForms, and many other applications"--
Pro Eclipse JST : plug-ins for J2EE development
Introduction. Book I: SQL Concepts. Chapter 1: Understanding Relational Databases. Chapter 2: Modeling a System. Chapter 3: Getting to Know SQL. Chapter 4: SQL and the Relational Model. Chapter 5: Knowing the Major Components of SQL. Chapter 6: Drilling Down to the SQL Nitty-Gritty. Book II: Relational Database Development. Chapter 1: System Development Overview. Chapter 2: Building a Database Model. Chapter 3: Balancing Performance and Correctness. Chapter 4: Creating a Database with SQL. Book III: SQL Queries. Chapter 1: Values, Variables, Functions, and Expressions. Chapter 2: SELECT Statements and Modifying Clauses. Chapter 3: Querying Multiple Tables with Subqueries. Chapter 4: Querying Multiple Tables with Relational Operators. Chapter 5: Cursors. Book IV: Data Security. Chapter 1: Protecting Against Hardware Failure and External Threats. Chapter 2: Protecting Against User Errors and Conflicts. Chapter 3: Assigning Access Privileges. Chapter 4: Error Handling. Book V: SQL and Programming. Chapter 1: Database Development Environments. Chapter 2: Interfacing SQL to a Procedural Language. Chapter 3: Using SQL in an Application Program. Chapter 4: Designing a Sample Application. Chapter 5: Building an Application. Chapter 6: Understanding SQL's Procedural Capabilities. Chapter 7: Connecting SQL to a Remote Database. Book VI: SQL and XML. Chapter 1: Using XML with SQL. Chapter 2: Storing XML Data in SQL Tables. Chapter 3: Retrieving Data from XML Documents. Book VII: Database Tuning Overview. Chapter 1: Tuning the Database. Chapter 2: Tuning the Environment. Chapter 3: Finding and Eliminating Bottlenecks. Book VIII: Appendices. Appendix A: SQL:2008 Reserved Words. Appendix B: Glossary. Index.
Database systems : concepts, languages & architectures
PostgreSQL : a comprehensive guide to building, programming, and administering PostgreSQL databases
Murach's MySQL
Administering Microsoft SQL Server 7.0 : level 3 : keynote
Oracle 11g: SQL
Integrating Excel and Access
Microsoft SQL Server 2005 : reporting services 2005
A database approach to proteomics experimental data
Relational database writings 1994-1997
Relational database theory
Sams teach yourself PHP, MySQL and Apache all in one
Smart business intelligence solutions with Microsoft SQL Server 2008
Oracle8i backup & recovery handbook
Murach's SQL server 2016 for developers : training and reference
MCTS self-paced training kit (exam 70-431) : Microsoft SQL Server 2005 - implementation and maintenance
SQL Server 7 : administration level 2.
SQL Server 7 : administration level 1.
Sams teach yourself SQL in 24 hours
Microsoft SQL server 2005 : administrator's companion
Temporal data and the relational model : a detailed investigation into the application of interval and relation theory to the problem of temporal database management
Inside Microsoft SQL server 2000.
PostgreSQL 8 for Windows
"Nowadays, cloud computing is almost everywhere. However, one can hardly find a textbook that utilizes cloud computing for teaching database and application development. This cloud-based database development book that teaches both the theory and hands-on practice with step-by-step instructions and examples. This book helps readers to set up a cloud computing environment for teaching and learning database systems. The book will cover adequate conceptual content for students and IT professionals to gain necessary knowledge and hands-on skills to set up cloud based database systems"--
Efficient methods for storing and querying XML data with relational databases
Challenges of object-relational mapping and meeting them by using persistence frameworks
SQL queries for mere mortals : a hands-on guide to data manipulation in SQL
High performance MySQL : optimization, backups, and replication
Effective databases for text & document management
SQL and Other Important Database Topics
Oracle database cloud cookbook with Oracle Enterprise Manager Cloud Control 13c
Introduction to database systems
Implementing Microsoft SQL Server 7.0 : level 2 : keynote
Database design for mere mortals : a hands-on guide to relational database design
Practical database programming with Visual C# .NET
"Master the XML Programming Features in Oracle Database 11gDevelop, debug, and administer data-backed XML applications using the expert instruction and best practices in this Oracle Press guide. Oracle Database 11g: Building Oracle XML DB Applications discusses the latest development tools, technologies, and components. Find out how to set up Oracle XML Database (Oracle XML DB), build XML applications in Oracle JDeveloper 11g, work with XSLT stylesheets, and incorporate full-text search. Troubleshooting, performance tuning, and security are also covered in this comprehensive resource. Create, store, and query XMLtypes using Oracle XML DB Load XML documents into relational tables and define SQL views Parse and validate schema with Oracle XDK for Java and PL/SQL packages Merge documents, generate reports, and transform data using XSLT Construct applications from Oracle XML DB Web services Use Oracle JDeveloper 11g to design and deploy XML applications Integrate Oracle Text and Oracle Secure Enterprise Search features Streamline the development process using Oracle Application Express "--
Relational Database Design Clearly Explained
A guide to the standard database language provides information on ways to create, access, and manipulate data and introduces such concepts as data modeling, query tuning, and optimization.
