http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18414 formats
formats
Smarty is a templating engine for PHP. This book is a comprehensive guide to the various aspects of using Smarty. It helps you to: install and configure Smarty on your Web server; understand how Smarty affects your web site architecture, and build site foundations that make the most of what Smarty offers; and more.bSmarty is a templating engine for PHP. Designers who are used to working with HTML files can work with Smarty templates, which are HTML files with simple tags while programmers work with the underlying PHP code. The Smarty engine brings the code and templates together. The result of all this is that designers can concentrate on designing, programmers can concentrate on programming, and they don't need to get in each others way so much. Even if you are developing a site on your own, Smarty is a powerful way to make your code clearer to you and others, as well as easier to debug and modify later. This book is a comprehensive guide to all aspects of using Smarty.
Robin Williams DVD design workshop
In this clear and comprehensive resource, cataloging expert Robert Maxwell brings his trademark practical commentary to bear on the new, unified cataloging standard. Designed to interpret and explain RDA: Resource Description and Access, this handbook illustrates and applies the new cataloging rules in the MARC21 environment for every type of information format. From books to electronic materials to music and beyond, Maxwell Explains the conceptual grounding of RDA, including FRBR and FRAD Addresses the nuances of how cataloging will, and won t, change in the MARC21 environment Shows catalogers how to create and work with authority records of persons, families, corporate bodies, geographic entities, works, and expressions Explores recording relationships, working with records of manifestations and items, and more Provides numerous sample records to illustrate RDA principles A guided tour of the new standard from a respected authority, this essential handbook will help catalogers, LIS students, and cataloging instructors navigate RDA smoothly and find the information they need efficiently.
Open government data: legal, economical, and semantic web aspects
Adapting Idols : authenticity, identity and performance in a global television format
Physical format and notarial conventions in the Petra Papyri
The Sage handbook of television studies
MARC21 for everyone : a practical guide
Big Brother international : formats, critics and publics
Subject access and content description of sound effects in internet environment : Tampere Polytechnic Library,  Digital sound library project : project report
Innovative redesign and reorganization of library technical services : paths for the future and case studies
Introduction to modern information retrieval
Understanding the global TV format
Television across Asia : television industries, programme formats and globalization
Video color correction for non-linear editors : a step-by-step guide
Facilitating international TV-format sales : an action plan : Filmaattiset Oy
The technology of video and audio streaming
TV formats worldwide : localising global programs
6LoWPAN : the wireless embedded internet
Guide to MARC 21 : for cataloging of books and serials : with functional definitions, examples and working resources
Global television formats : understanding television across borders
Television studies after TV : understanding television in the post-broadcast era
The organization of information
Beyond powerful radio : a communicator's guide to the internet age : news, talk, information & personality for broadcasting, podcasting, internet, radio
High-definition DVD handbook : producing for HD DVD and Blu-Ray disc
Updated synoptic chronological table
Sell your tv show ideas : an outsider's guide to getting inside the tv format industry
Principles of bibliographical description
High-quality audio formats
Programming HD DVD and Blu-ray disc : the HD cookbook
Web design in a nutshell : a desktop quick reference
Smarty : PHP template programming and applications : a step-by-step guide to building PHP web sites and applications using the Smarty templating engine
ArtMARC sourcebook : cataloging art, architecture, and their visual images
From VHS to viral : the film author and spectator in the era of new media
Selling television formats as a form of international trade in television industry : Opportunity knocks for the Finnish independent production companies?
Organizing information : from the shelf to the web
Restyling factual TV : the reception of news, documentary, and reality genres
Understanding MARC authority records
A Data Conversion Program for μShapeTM Binary File
Raw workflow from capture to archives : a complete digital photographer's guide to raw imaging
Metadata fundamentals for all librarians
High definition postproduction : editing and delivering HD video
Maxwell's handbook for RDA : explaining and illustrating RDA : resource description and access, using MARC21
Copycat television : globalisation, program formats and cultural identity
The H.264 advanced video compression standard
This paper is an overview on the Open Government Data (OGD) environment in the EU. It aims to point out the relevant legal issues together with the economic aspects arising from the disclosure and exploitation of OGD. Therefore, the paper highlights the noteworthy technological aspects related with the opening of OGD datasets. This survey is based on an interdisciplinary approach. Interdisciplinarity in the digital environment means that OGD should be considered as an integrated, interoperable and collaborative ecosystem. The main legislative source taken into account for the survey is the Directive 2003/98/EC on the re-use of public sector information as recently amended by the Directive 37/2013/EU..
Publishing and using cultural heritage linked data on the semantic Web
Updated family tree of Theodoros
The politics of reality television : global perspectives
The aim of this thesis was to create an action plan in order to help Filmaattiset Oy succeed on global markets to sell its products, which are TV-formats and TV-programs. Filmaattiset has been domestic player till recent years, but the idea of this thesis was to create several ideas for facilitating international TV-format sales. With fresh ideas the company might be able to expand their revenue base abroad too. Methods used were interviews, business books and author's subjective views and development ideas. Some strategy tools were used in order to conduct analytical conclusions. Results were concrete and feasible. They range from brand building to innovative ways of TV-format creation and improved sales strategies on global markets. Some of the results have a direct effect to increase sales and some have indirect effect, which may not be measurable. First Filmaattiset must give more profound focus on its brand entity, second TV-formats should and can be created better and finally global sales can be planned and executed better.
