http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18464 subject didactics
subject didactics
Unlocking speaking and listening
This book examines the diverse use of visual representations by teachers in the science classroom. It contains unique pedagogies related to the use of visualization, presents original curriculum materials as well as explores future possibilities. The book begins by looking at the significance of visual representations in the teaching of science. It then goes on to detail two recent innovations in the field: simulations and slowmation, a process of explicit visualization. It also evaluates the way teachers have used different diagrams to illustrate concepts in biology and chemistry. Next, the book explores the use of visual representations in culturally diverse classrooms, including the implication of culture for teachers use of representations, the crucial importance of language in the design and use of visualizations, and visualizations in popular books about chemistry. It also shows the place of visualizations in the growing use of informal, self-directed science education. Overall, the book concludes that if the potential of visualizations in science education is to be realized in the future, the subject must be included in both pre-service and in-service teacher education. It explores ways to develop science teachers representational competence and details the impact that this will have on their teaching. The worldwide trend towards providing science education for all, coupled with the increased availability of color printing, access to personal computers and projection facilities, has lead to a more extensive and diverse use of visual representations in the classroom.
Teaching 20th-century European history
Critical practice in teacher education : a study of professional learning
Didaktik and/in mathematics education : studying a discipline in international, comparative and communicational perspectives
Swedish summary.
Teaching about the holocaust : European seminar for educational staff, Vilnius, Lithuania, 1-6 April, 2000 : report
The "X" factor : personality traits of exceptional science teachers
Teaching arts in primary schools
Nordic research in mathematics education : Proceedings of NORMA14, Turku, June 3–6, 2014
Teaching craft, design and technology : five to thirteen
Knowledge and beliefs in mathematics teaching and teaching development
Religion in the public schools : negotiating the new commons
Issues in upper secondary science education : comparative perspectives
The virtuoso teacher : the inspirational guide for intrumental and singing teachers
Innovations in science and technology education. Vol. 1
Children and their art : methods for the elementary school
Mother tongue didaktik : an international study book
Research on mathematics and science education : from beliefs to cognition, from problem solving to understanding
Beyond fragmentation : didactics, learning and teaching in Europe
Advocating for English learners : a guide for educators
Art history, art criticism, and art production : an examination of art education in selected school districts. Vol. 2, Case studies of seven selected sites
Grammar in the mind, not in the teacher's guide : a study of German errors made by upper secondary school students
Writing : teachers and children at work
Problem fields in mathematics teaching. Part 3, Views of Finnish seventh-grades about mathematics teaching
Student voice in mathematics classrooms around the world
Writing curricula in sixteen countries : international study in written composition IEA
Readings in discipline-based art education : a literature of educational reform
Didactical reconstructions for organizing knowledge in physics teacher education
Clay in classroom : helping children develop cognitive and affective skills for learning
Historical discourse : the language of time, cause and evaluation
Handbook of research on teaching
Miracle of education : the principles and practices of teaching and learning in Finnish schools
Finnish pupils' success in international student assessment tests and the characteristics of the Finnish educational system are the focus of interest all around in the world. The significance of Finnish educational policy and societal atmosphere are continuously discussed. This book provides explanations, answers and reflections to these questions. Over 30 expert authors have contributed to this book by bringing their own specific research-based points of view. The second edition of the book introduces the new national curriculum for basic education that now provides guidelines for school-based curricula. Students' learning with engagement and schools as learning communities are core visions of the reform. The authors also reflect on the PISA 2012 results. The book gives an example on how to use PISA information for national improvements. In Finland, all evaluations are enhancement-led and this also includes PISA measurements. The book illustrates how teaching and learning of different subjects is realized in Finnish schools and describes the essential characteristics and methods of teaching, learning materials and research on these issues. The book provides important insight and reflections to international researchers, teachers, students, journalists and policy makers, who are interested in teaching and learning in Finnish schools. It shows the results of the systematic and persistent work that has been done on education and schooling in Finland. The main features of education in Finland are:Strong equity policy, teachers as autonomous and reflective academic experts, flexible educational structures and local responsibility for curriculum development, evaluation for improvements, not for ranking, no national testing, no inspectorate, research-based teacher education, teachers' high competence in content knowledge and pedagogy, trust in education and teachers.
PISA science 2006 : implications for science teachers and teaching
Interpersonal understanding in historical context
An interactive system for the study and teaching of color theory
Analysis of the subject matter in secondary school economics
Controversial issues in the curriculum
The history of art education
School subject teaching : the history and future of the curriculum
Debates in music teaching
Cross-curricular teaching and learning in the secondary school : the arts : drama, visual art, music and design
In pursuit of an intercultural dimension in EFL-teaching : exploring cognitions among Finland-Swedish comprehensive school teachers
Art, craft and design in the primary school
Primary mathematics : knowledge and understanding
Problem solving in mathematics education : proceedings of the 10th ProMath conference, August 28-31, 2008 in Vaasa
Mathematics teachers' conceptions about equations
Toward a new era in arts education
Teaching geography
Curriculum in the era of global development : historical legacies and contemporary approaches
A comparative study of science education at the primary school level in Finland and Thailand
Design technology : children's engineering
What successful science teachers do : 75 research-based strategies
How to solve it : a new aspect of mathematical method
Coordinating music across the primary school
Knowledge based society teaching profession challenges
Science teachers' use of visual representations
Media education in the finnish school system : a conceptual analysis of the subject didactic dimension of media education
The arts, cognition, and basic skills
Professional collaborations in mathematics teaching and learning : seeking success for all
Teaching philosophy
What is biology? : primary teacher students' early conceptions of a school subject
Debates in physical education
Subject-specific instructional methods and activities
Teaching foreign languages in the primary school
Children and the arts
Teaching the Holocaust : practical approaches for ages 11-18
