http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18457 sound effects
sound effects
The art of watching films
Game design : the art & business of creating games
Sound effects : sounds of music, sirens, and special effects
The art of the sound effects editor
The film editing room handbook : how to manage the near chaos of the cutting room
Music engineering
This guide to sound design for animated films explains audio software, free downloads, how sound works, the power of sound when wielded by an animation filmmaker, and provides examples for how to use sound to enliven your films with professional sound.
Siren City : sound and source music in classic American noir
QLab 3 show control : projects for live performances & installations
The pioneering film director and theorist Sergei Eisenstein is known for the unequalled impact his films have had on the development of cinema. Less is known about his writings, which present a continent of ideas about film. This book presents an introduction to a key area of Eisenstein's thought: his ideas about the audiovisual in cinema.
Sound effects : sounds of the human race and outer space
Creative recording 1 : effects and processors
The language of electroacoustic music
Sound effects. No 3
Pro Tools all-in-one desk reference for dummies
" The author provides many insights into the early days of the medium as it grappled with entertaining an audience based on a single sense (hearing)"--Provided by publisher.
Practical art of motion picture sound
Bass boom : 18 US and Euro bass trax. 3, Faster harder louder
Beginning game audio programming
Soundscape : the School of Sound lectures 1998-2001
Sound effects : for movies and videos. 2.
Sound effects : for movies and videos. 6.
MAGNIFICENT THUNDERSTORMS : A MAGICAL BLEND OF MUSIC AND THE SOUNDS OF NATURE
Round-up
Sound effects : for movies and videos. 10.
Audio for games : planning, process, and production
Essential sound effects of babies and children
3D-sound programming with Microsoft DirectX : Surround sound in practice
The sound of theatre : a history
Understanding sound tracks through film theory
The Foley Grail : the art of performing sound for film, games and animation
Sound : a reader in theatre practice
Music of the shadows : the use of musical accompaniment with silent films, 1896-1936 = Musica delle ombre : l'accompagnamento musicale nei film muti 1896-1936
The Fat Man on game audio : tasty morsels of sonic goodness
Sound : dialogue, music and effects
"The Essential Guide to Game Audio: The Theory and Practice of Sound for Games is a first of its kind textbook and must-have reference guide for everything you ever wanted to know about sound for games. This book provides a basic overview of game audio, how it has developed over time, and how you can make a career in this industry. Each chapter gives you the background and context you will need to understand the unique workflow associated with interactive media. The practical, easy to understand interactive examples provide hands-on experience applying the concepts in real world situations. "--
Audio programming for interactive games
Soundscape : the School of Sound lectures, 1998-2001
The sound effects bible : how to create and record Hollywood style sound effects
Sound and music for the theatre : the art and technique of design
Släm, klonk and tuups! Sound effects in original and translated comics
Sound Library = Sonothèque = Sonoteca
Until recently, there was a lack of scholarly attention to the power of hearing cinema as well as seeing it. 'Understanding Sound Tracks Through Film Theory' breaks new ground by redirecting the arguments of foundational texts within film theory to sound tracks. The book includes sustained analyses of particular films according to a wide range of theoretical approaches: feminism, genre studies, postcolonialism, psychoanalysis, and queer theory.
KPOW, CHINK, SPLAT : translations of sound effects in seven comics
The sound of bikes 99.
Sound effects : for movies and videos. 4.
Cinema and the audiovisual imagination : music, sound and image
Macromedia® FlashTM MX 2004 game design demystified : [the official guide to creating games with Macromedia Flash MX 2004]
General sound effects
Audio postproduction for film and video
"Used from Broadway to Britiain's West End, QLab software is the tool of choice for many of the world's most prominent sound, projection, and integrated media designers. QLab 3 Show Control: Projects for Live Performances & Installations is a project-based book on QLab software covering sound, video, and show control. With information on both sound and video system basics and the more advanced functions of QLab such as MIDI show control, new OSC capabilities, networking, video effects, and microphone integration, each chapter's specific projects will allow you to learn the software's capabilities at your own pace. Tutorials and additional resources are featured at [web address to be added]. - Hundreds of screen shots and images that walk you through the step-by-step process of using QLab - Incorporates dozens of hands-on projects and Pro-Tips you can tackle at your own pace - Companion website contains more than 20 downloadable projects with detailed instructions, and resources for teachers and students alike - Up-to-date for the latest QLab features, including AU Audio Effects, Audio Slices, Mic Cues, Video Surfaces, Video Effects, Edge Blending, Masking, Corner Pins, and more"--
Film and video editing
Everything you need to know about DJing and success : Danny Rampling shares his 20 years' experience at the top
Sound for the stage
Sounds of the fascinating animal world
Premiere Pro CS5 and CS5.5 digital classroom
Sound : an acoulogical treatise
Sound effects : for movies and videos. 9.
Jingles. No. 1
Sounding funny : sound and comedy cinema
Sound effects : sounds of earth, sea, and sky
Multieffects for musicians
Sound effects. 4
Scary sound effects : nightmarish noise for Halloween!
Basic VST effects
Using audition
Sound effects : for movies and videos. 3.
The Future Music CD. The creative sample selection
Sound design and science fiction
Sound effects : for movies and videos. 7.
Analog man's guide to vintage effects
Echo and reverb : fabricating space in popular music, 1900-1960
The sounds of Star Wars
Audio editing with Adobe Audition
Reverberations : the philosophy, aesthetics and politics of noise
Sound effects. 5
Digital filmmaking : an introduction
Conceptual design methods for game sound
Audio production and postproduction
Macromedia Flash MX game design demystified : the official guide to creating games with flash
Eisenstein on the audiovisual : the montage of music, image and sound in cinema
Surrogate Cities
BASS BOOM. 2, 16 US AND EURO TRAX... 5 TEST AND RESONANCE TUNES
Editing room procedures have been developed over many years to expedite the editing process. Norman Hollyn's book is written primarily for those who have an active interest in how a professional cutting room operates. To help those thinking of making it their career, this book is quite detailed. As you read about how to make a cutting room work, you will also get a tour of the film making process itself as seen through the editor's eyes.
Sound effects : sounds of birds and other animals
Creating and Designing Sound Effects for a Mobile Game
Private dreams and public nightmares : Daphne Oram reworked and re-interpreted
Out of this world : atmospheric sounds from the BBC radiophonic workshop
Game sound : an introduction to the history, theory, and practice of video game music and sound design
Radio sound effects : who did it, and how, in the era of live broadcasting
Creative recording. Part one : effects and processors
Use of sound and sound-image relationship in Baz Luhrmann's Romeo+Juliet and Moulin Rouge
Stagecraft
Adobe Premiere Pro CS3 : classroom in a book : the official training workbook from Adobe Systems
Design process of AirLoop-pedal : experimenting with standard guitar pedals
The essential guide to game audio : the theory and practice of sound for games
Off the planet : music, sound and science fiction cinema
Premiere Pro is a powerful, timeline-based video editing software, and this personal training course uses a full-color book plus video tutorials on DVD to teach you how to use all its features. Fifteen self-paced lessons encourage you to discover the creative possibilities that Adobe’ s Premiere Pro presents. Step-by-step directions, lesson files, and an instructional video demonstrate the many exciting features of Premiere Pro. You can learn from leading instructors, and do it at your own pace.
This text shows readers how many Hollywood techniques, previously impractical on video, can help solve problems on smaller productions. It features an expanded cookbook recipes section, tutorials, and practical examples.
Sound effects : for movies and videos. 8.
Mastering Pro Tools effects : getting the most out of Pro Tools' effects processors
Strategy games
Sound effects : for movies and videos. 5.
Designing sound for animation
Sound effects. 3
Sound effects : radio, television and film
Sound for film and television
Sound effects. 1
Sound effects. 2
Sound effects : radio, TV, and film
How to speak zombie : a guide for the living
87 superstar guitar sounds on a stompbox budget
Sound effects : for movies and videos. 1.
