http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18491 rainwater
rainwater
Soil water requirements and reponse to fertilisation of barley in Northern Ethiopia = Krav til jordråme og utslag for gjødsling hos bygg i Nord-Etiopia
Bluey the little drip is the story of raindrops on their journey around the world. Bluey has been at the bottom of the Blue lagoon and this is the first time that he floated to the top. He was enjoying his time under the sun when all of a sudden he's evaporated and floats up into the sky and settles within a cloud full of raindrops he had never met before. He befriends a rather pretty droplet named Clara and she explains to him where he has come from and where they are going. Described by the media as education, dressed up as an enjoyable tale. Teachers have found that by reading the book to the class it awakens interest in the weather and follow the story into a lesson on the environment. Suitable for children from 4 to 8 years old and you will be amazed at how much children will love having the story read to them again and again. This is the first in a series of books and the second story 'Bluey Meets Father Christmas' has also been released.
Studies in Himalayan ecology and development strategies
Variability in temperature, precipitation and river discharge in the Baltic States
GENTLE RAIN : A MAGICAL BLEND OF MUSIC AND THE SOUNDS OF NATURE
Alternative water sources and wastewater management
Low impact development and sustainable stormwater management
The biggest muddy puddle in the world
Proposed grant assistance (financed by the Japan Fund for Poverty Reduction) to India for supporting rainwater harvesting and slum development in Rajasthan
Integrated soil and water management for orchard development : role and importance : proceedings of the International Seminar "The role and importance of integrated soil and water management for orchard development" organized by the FAO Land and Water Development Division and the College of Agricultural Sciences, University of Teramo, Italy, 9-10 May 2004, Mosciano S. Angelo, Italy
GIS applications for water, wastewater, and stormwater systems
The rain garden planner : seven steps to conserving and managing water in the garden
Optimizing soil moisture for plant production : the significance of soil porosity
Characterization of soot in air and rain over southern Asia
Abstract: Development of the use of the remote sensing data of a watermodelsystem and it's processmodels.
Modern hydrology and sustainable water development
Loss of nutrients and the natural nutrient balance of the soil in Finland
Earth matters
Global International Waters Assessment. Regional assessment 62, Pacific Islands
GIS-hydrological modelling in arid lands : a geographical synthesis of surface waters for the African Red Sea region in the Sudan
Proceedings of the International Symposium on Efficient Water Use in Urban Areas : innovative ways of finding water for cities, Kobe, Japan, 8-10 June 1999
Study of propagation phenomena for low availabilities : final report for the European Space Agency under ESTEC Contract 8025/88/NL/PR
Nutrient dynamics and exchanges between a mangrove forest and a coastal embayment: Chwaka Bay, Zanzibar
Management of bushland vegetation using rainwater harvesting in eastern Kenya
Constructing landscape : materials, techniques, structural components
A bayesian stormwater quality model and its application to water quality monitoring
Acid rain : its causes and its effects on inland waters
Effect of rainwater quality on soil water and soil properties
An introduction to global environmental issues
Veden laatu = Water quality. Osa 1 = Part 1, Näytteenottomenetelmät = Methods for sampling
Floods in the WHO European region : health effects and their prevention
Climate, water and agriculture in the tropics
Runoff quality and quanity from green roofs and the impact of biochar amendment on runoff properties
Maps of water balance elements of Finland
Rainfall-runoff modelling : the primer
Rain gardens : managing water sustainably in the garden and designed landscape
Results of monitoring at Olkiluoto 2003-2004 : hydrology
Water resilient urbanity : spatial study and design for urban flood
Floods of fortune : ecology and economy along the Amazon
Visit sunny Chernobyl : and other adventures in the world's most polluted places
Summary of long-term hydrological monitoring at the Olkiluoto site
Survival and early growth of selected indigenous and exotic tree species under rainwater harvesting in dry bushland in eastern Kenya
Tropical montane cloud forests
Self-Sustainable Service Facility
Summary.
Impacts of climate change on rainfall extremes and urban drainage systems
Bluey the little drip
Economic valuation of ecosystem services provided by urban green spaces in terms of stormwater quantity management
Artful Rainwater Design has three main parts: first, the book outlines five amenity-focused goals that might be highlighted in a project: education, recreation, safety, public relations, and aesthetic appeal. Next, it focuses on techniques for ecologically sustainable stormwater management that complement the amenity goals. Finally, it features diverse case studies that show how designers around the country are implementing principles of artful rainwater design.
Anais do primeiro simpósio internacional de estudos ambientais em florestas tropicais úmidas : Manaus, 7-13 de Outubro de 1990 = Annals of the first international symposium on environmental studies on tropical rain forests : Manaus, October 7-13, 1990
Connecting silvan and lacustrine ecosystems : transport of carbon from forests to adjacent water bodies
Mercury in snow cover and rainfall in Finland 1983-1984
Practical manual of land development
Groundwater and its response to climate variability and change in cold snow dominated regions in Finland : methods and estimations
Rethinking water management : innovative approaches to contemporary issues
Market survey for a rainwater system manufacturer for potential future market entry in Germany, with the main focus on the Sauerland region : case: Lapuan Piristeel Ltd
In 2009–2011, the WHO Regional Office for Europe and the United Kingdom Health Protection Agency undertook a project to investigate the adverse health effects of floods and to understand how best to protect the health of populations during floods in the WHO European Region. The project had two main components. A questionnaire was sent to 50 of the 53 Member States of the WHO European Region to collect information on recent experience of floods, their health effects and current preparedness and response mechanisms. In addition, a systematic review was undertaken of the epidemiological literature on the global impact of flooding on health. Analysis of the returned questionnaires and the peer-reviewed literature brought to light many issues pertinent to Europe. These findings will help WHO to prepare evidence-based guidance for the European Region on health concerns before, during and after flooding incidents and the measures for prevention, response and recovery.
Heavy metals in the environment
Green infrastructure for landscape planning : integrating human and natural systems
Irrigation water management : principles and practice
The discharge of Sigi River as an indicator of water catchment value of the East Usambara Mountains in Tanzania
Introduction to hydraulics and hydrology : with applications for stormwater management
Catching the rain : a successful partnership restores drylands in Tunisia
Agriculture, food and water
Water retention performance of newly constructed green roofs in cold climates
Water for forests and people in the Mediterranean region : a challenging balance
Effects of suburban development on runoff generation and water quality
Rainwater harvesting as a method for bushland rehabilitation with selected indigenous and exotic dryland species
Spatio-temporal climate variability and snow resource changes in Finland
"In 2009–2011, the WHO Regional Office for Europe and the United Kingdom Health Protection Agency undertook a project to investigate the adverse health effects of floods and to understand how best to protect the health of populations during floods in the WHO European Region. The project had two main components. A questionnaire was sent to 50 of the 53 Member States of the WHO European Region to collect information on recent experience of floods, their health effects and current preparedness and response mechanisms. In addition, a systematic review was undertaken of the epidemiological literature on the global impact of flooding on health. Analysis of the returned questionnaires and the peer-reviewed literature brought to light many issues pertinent to Europe. These findings will help WHO to prepare evidence-based guidance for the European Region on health concerns before, during and after flooding incidents and the measures for prevention, response and recovery."
Living on the edge : wetlands and birds in a changing Sahel
Amazonian deforestation and climate
Study on control of water pollution in Zhenjiang City
Precipitation : process and analysis
In northern regions such as Finland, snowpack represents a major water resource for aquatic and terrestrial ecosystems and different human uses, and snowmelt usually controls peak annual river discharge. To understand potential impacts of climate change, this thesis explored the effects of changes in surface air temperature (SAT) and precipitation patterns on snowpack accumulation and snowmelt processes in Finland.Two initial studies provided national and spatial pictures of long-term variability and changes in observed SAT and precipitation in Finland and their relationships with the atmospheric circulation patterns (ACPs) of the Northern Hemisphere (NH). On national scale, mean annual SAT and annual precipitation increased significantly in Finland during the past century. Seasonal analysis revealed increases in spring (MAM) and summer (JJA) SAT and in winter (DJF) and summer precipitation. SAT and precipitation were most significantly correlated with the Arctic Oscillation (AO), East Atlantic/West Russia (EA/WR), East Atlantic (EA) and Scandinavia (SCA) patterns. However, there were spatial differences within Finland as regards climate trends and relationships with ACPs.A study examining the dependence of snow resources on winter climate in Finland revealed a decline in snow water equivalent (SWE) and shortening of continuous snow cover duration (CSCD) in Finland during 1909-2008. This was mainly due to reductions in snowfall owing to winter warming and decreased precipitation in southern areas, but only to decreases in winter precipitation at higher latitudes. In southern Finland SWE and CSCD were associated with ACP affecting winter SAT (AO), and in central and northern parts with ACPs influencing winter precipitation (EA, EA/WR and AO). Analysis of snowmelt hydrology in Finland indicated that snowmelt flux has a much greater influence than rainfall on simulated peak snowpack outflow in Finland, which has decreased and shifted towards earlier in the year.
Optimizing stormwater treatment practices : a handbook of assessment and maintenance
Artful rainwater design : creative ways to manage stormwater
Conference on climate and water, Helsinki Finland 11-15 September, 1989. Volume 1.
Runoff quality and quantity from green roofs and the impact of biochar amendment on runoff properties
Health impact assessment for sustainable water management
Improving flood forecasting using multi-source remote sensing data : report of the Floodfore project
Acidification of inland waters : the third Soviet-Karelian-Finnish Symposium on Water Problems, Joensuu, Finland, 3-7-June 1991
Sharing water in southern Africa
