http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18594 bonds
bonds
Empirical modelling of index linked notes' secondary market prices
Estimating the term structure of Finnish government bond yields
Principles of corporate finance
Security analysis and portfolio management
Mass persuasion : the social psychology of a war bond drive
Information problems and underpricing in European corporate bond issues
ECB asset purchase programs effect on corporate bond issuance
Bond market rules : 50 investing axioms to master bonds for income or trading
Effects of EMU membership on euro countries’ 10-year government bond spreads
The efficiency of the Finnish stock index derivatives markets
Guide to financial markets
Fundamentals of corporate finance
Denmark : a chapter on the Danish bond market
Hedging with financial futures underlying U.S. 10 year treasury bonds
Futures and Options in Risk Management
Short-term future of Chinese bond and stock market : analysis of Chinese bond and stock market using demand and supply model
Inside the Yield Book : The Classic That Created the Science of Bond Analysis
Irrational exuberance
Spreadsheet modeling in investments : to accompany Modern investment theory by Haugen
Warrants, options and convertibles
A descriptive analysis of the Finnish treasure bond market 1991-1999
Red capitalism : the fragile financial foundation of China's extraordinary rise
The handbook of convertible bonds : pricing, strategies and risk management
Basel accord and corporate bond yield spreads
The law and regulation of international finance
The legal aspect of money : with special reference to comparative private and public international law
China's financial markets : an insider's guide to how the markets work
Bond markets, analysis, and strategies
Stock market reaction to corporate hybrid bond issues in Finland
Quantitative financial economics : stocks, bonds and foreign exchange
The Wall Street Journal book of international investing : everything you need to know about investing in foreign markets
Bond investing for dummies
Hedge funds : an investigation of their investment strategies and how they have performed
The Arms index (TRIN) : an introduction to the volume analysis of stock and bond markets
Portfolio selection and the analysis of risk and time diversification
Foreign capital and Finland : central government's first period of reliance on international financial markets, 1862-1938
Turn-of-the-month and intramonth anomalies within EU bond markets : the effect on U.S. macroeconomic news announcements
An introduction to stock exchange investment
International loans, bonds, guarantees, legal opinions
Soviet paper money from czarist empire to our days : 1895-1985 : 1895-1985 = Neuvostoliiton paperirahat tsaarin ajasta nykypäiviin
Flight to quality or contagion : understand Chinese stocks and bond correlations
Investments : analysis and management
International bond portfolio management
The development of bond market in Ghana : issues and challenges
EMU government bond yield spreads and determinants of risk premia -the sovereign debt crisis : PIIGS in EU
A guide to the Finnish bond and money market
Wall Street capitalism : the theory of the bondholding class
Turn-of-the-month and intramonth effects in government bonds: : explanation from the important US macroeconomic news announcements
Treasury inflation protected securities and nominal bonds : the development of some empirical features
Disequilibrium econometrics for the Finnish bond market
Bonds and bond derivatives
It is commonly held in the media that hedge funds are tremendous financial products able to fructify money in a very short time. While the assumption may be correct because hedge managers are often wealthy, it omits the fact that hedge funds are not all able to produce vast returns in the short run. For this reason, I became interested in the evaluation of hedge fund performance and in their strategies. The thesis sought to identify which hedge fund strategy is the most fruitful and which hedge fund strategy is the least. I have written this thesis using qualitative methods along with the use of statistics measurements to evaluate performance. I have approached hedge funds from a historical viewpoint and have broken down the strategies in order to understand their functioning. Then the thesis ran through the characteristics of the strategy groups and broke them down in order to understand the particularities of each strategy. Lastly, statistical performance of the funds was studied with the intention of identifying which strategy is the most effective and which strategy performs the least. The theoretical background explored the history of hedge funds, the tools used by hedge funds and the investment strategies. Statistical theoretical background has also been researched to serve as a stepping stone for the testing of hedge fund strategies. Quantitative statistical data on 10 of the most common hedge fund strategies has been obtained from the Hedgefund Research Inc. hedge fund database organization. The results of the study showed that hedge funds focusing their investment strategy on emerging markets outperform every other tested strategy as well as traditional investments. On the other hand, hedge funds that are exclusively short sellers have been coming out as the funds with the least returns. It can be said that emerging markets have provided the ideal theater for high growth, which can explain why they have generated such performance. Alternatively hedge funds that have solely used short selling as a tool for generating profits may have been unable to generate as much growth because of the strategy's one-sided exposure to upward market trends. Key words: hedge fund, investments, stocks, bonds, stock market, financial markets.
The impact of credit rating announcements on bond and CDS markets in Europe
Bond math : the theory behind the formulas
Volatility-spillover effects in European bond markets
Essays on pricing of risk and international linkage of Russian stock market
Floatation procedures, market microstructure and efficiency: evidence from financial markets in Finland
The effects of economic news and monetary policy on U.S. and German government bond yields
"In this revised, updated, and expanded edition of his New York Times bestseller, Nobel Prize-winning economist Robert Shiller, who warned of both the tech and housing bubbles, now cautions that signs of irrational exuberance among investors have only increased since the 2008-9 financial crisis. With high stock and bond prices in the United States, and rising housing prices in many countries, the post-subprime boom may well turn out to be another illustration of Shiller's influential argument that psychologically driven volatility is an inherent characteristic of all asset markets. In other words, Irrational Exuberance is as relevant as ever. But Irrational Exuberance is about something far more important than the current situation in any given market because the book explains the forces that move all markets up and down. It shows how investor euphoria can drive asset prices up to dizzying and unsustainable heights, and how, at other times, investor discouragement can push prices down to very low levels. Previous editions covered the stock and housing markets--and famously predicted their crashes. This new edition expands its coverage to include the bond market, so that the book now addresses all of the major investment markets. This edition also includes updated data throughout, as well as Shiller's 2013 Nobel Prize lecture, which puts the book in broader context. In addition to diagnosing the causes of asset bubbles, Irrational Exuberance recommends urgent policy changes to lessen their likelihood and severity--and suggests ways that individuals can decrease their risk before the next bubble bursts. No one whose future depends on a retirement account, a house, or other investments can afford not to read it"--Provided by publisher.
Investment markets : gaining the performance advantage
Exchange rates and long-term bonds
Securities markets and systemic risks in dynamic Asian economies
An introduction to the bond markets
Value-at-risk model for government bonds : predicting European sovereign debt crisis
Triumph of the optimists : 101 years of global investment returns
How the stock markets works : a beginner's guide to investment
Investment analysis and portfolio management
Stochastic modeling of financing longevity risk in pension insurance
The impact of U.S. macroeconomic news announcements on bond prices : evidence from U.S. bond markets
Financial market analysis
How the stock market works : a beginner's guide to investment
High-yield bonds : market structure, portfolio management and credit risk modelling
Bond markets, analysis and strategies
Derivative markets : theory, strategy and applications
Bankruptcy, credit risk, and high yield junk bonds
Financial liberalisation and international trends in stock, corporate bond and foreign exchange market volatilities
Asset allocation using inflation-linked government bonds
Pledging allegiance : American identity and the bond drive of World War II
Financial volatility and time-varying risk premia
