http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1856 evergreens
evergreens
1934 : On the sunny side of the street
On the Sunny Side of the Street : 1934
Long play collection
Memories Are Made of This : The Capitol Years and more 1946-1955
Autumn leaves : For all instruments
White Christmas
Night & day : Melodies, chords, lyrics, transposed parts for all instrumentalists
Play it cool
Soft 'n' warm / Mr. Rock and soul
Jazz & the city : 63 jazz vocal greats
Cool Cole : The King Cole Story
The world of Connie Francis
As time goes by
Songbooks : the absolutely essential 3 CD-collection
Accentuate the positive
Lazy afternoon
The Real Me
One dozen standards : by request.. : for all instrumentalists, lyriscs included
The jazz sourcebook. 2
When I fall in love : Romantic ballads for all instrumentalists and vocalists
My Romance
The AB real book : Eb edition
Haunted heart
SUOSITTUJA IKIVIHREITÄ 1.
The Concert : Highlights
Heart to heart
Jazz box : 3 hours of classic music from the legends of jazz..
The Vegas goodfellas
Speak to me of love
Such sweet sorrow
Plaisir d'amour = Songs of love : French and English lyrics
The great American songbook
Burnin'!!! : Up-tempo jazz only for the brave : Advanced level for all musicians
For Those In Love
An affair to remember
No Escape From The Blues : The Electric Lady Sessions
10 top-hits
The golden No. 1 collection from 1950-1959
The Great popular standards songbook : arranged and edited by Dan Fox
Torch songs
Tunes you thought you knew : reharmonized standards for all instrumentalists
Yes Indeed!
Many a Wonderful Moment
Chet Baker introduces Johnny Pace
Let's do it : best of the Verve years
The Bb real book
Ballads : for all instrumentalists & vocalists
Here's to life
In tribute
Universal showstoppers : piano, vocal, chords
Puttin' on the Ritz!
Peggy Lee 1 : The early years
Sings the Standards
Lives of the great songs
You don't know me
Manhattan In The Rain
A Wing and A Prayer
The look of love : the classic songs of Burt Bacharach
Best in Big Band Music : Voice/Piano/Guitar
Laughing at life
The Midnight Sun Will Never Set
You don't know what love is
Arlen plays Arlen : A timeless tribute to Harold Arlen
Rawhide
Tennessee waltz : 20 smash hits
Evergreens. Volume 1 : Voce acuta = High voice
Favorite standards from yesteryear : easy adult piano
Lullaby of Broadway : The Best of Pasadena Roof Orchestra
Love is forever = Good news
Burt Bacharach classics : All time favorite : Piano, vocal & chords
Songs of my life
Young Sassy
Maiden voyage : fourteen easy-to-play jazz tunes
I Feel A Song Coming On
Return to me
The greatest songs of the fifties
Island in the sun : the best of Harry Belafonte
We'll Take Romance : The Best of Steve Lawrence and Eydie Gorme 1954-1960
The real book : European pocket edition
This will end in tears : the miserabilist guide to music
Eh, Paisano! : Italian - American Classics
Introduction to jazz vocals
The very best of jazz : for piano, vocal &  guitar
Smooth Operator
The very best of Dean Martin
Sonny meets Hawk! : the two giants of the tenor saxophone
Groovin' high : for all musicians
International hits [Nuottijulkaisu] : for all organs, piano & guitar
Memphis Blood : The Sun Sesions
The live smoke sessions
Anita O'Day swings Cole Porter with Billy May
A Lovely Way to Spend an Evening
Vocal standards : Embraceable you : 12 standards in singer's keys recorded for low and high voice
Rodgers & Hart favorites
Music Makers
Round midnight : timeless jazz classics : for all vocalists & instrumentalists
Nat King Cole's greatest hits
Another time, another place
Spanish eyes
The Best of the Capitol Years
Why Fight The Feeling? = Come Out Swingin'
The Blue Noise Session
St. Louis blues : Traditional Dixieland classics : For all instrumentalists and vocalists
Love Songs
Jam session : for all instrumentalists and vocalists
You'll Never Walk Alone = The Golden Boy
The Jazz music collection : Piano, vocal, chords
Pub singalong collection for keyboard
1943 : Cow cow boogie
Uke classics
Spaceship lullaby
Swingin' for Schuur
The Complete Peggy Lee & June Christy Capitol Transcription Sessions
Whistling away the dark
Unforgettable standards for all instruments : for all instruments
Vocal swing workshop : mit singalong CD
Dusty's sounds of the 60's
I remember you
New York date
The EP Collection
After Hours
Easy living
Vocal standards : Embraceable you : 12 standards in singer's keys
Puttin' on the Ritz
Sings great American songwriters
With All My Love
250 all-time hits. Book 2.
The Ballad Collection
The real book : European edition
1944 : I'm beginning to see the light
The Glow-Worm
Classic jazz for piano
The best of jazz. Volume one : great songs recorded by today's jazz vocalists
Anything goes : the Cole Porter songbook : instrumentals
The concert
Golden standards for ukulele : ukulele songbook
How high the moon
