http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18584 intensive care
intensive care
Severe community- acquired pneumonia – studies on imaging, etiology, treatment, and outcome among intensive care patients
Critical care nursing handbook
Manual of neonatal surgical intensive care
Critical care : standards, audit and ethics
Nurses' experiences in war and disaster : lessons learned and needs identified
Necrosectomy for severe acute pancreatitis
Foundations for practice in the neonatal intensive care unit and early intervention : a self-guided practice manual : volume 1. Volume 1
Critical care nursing made incredibly easy!
Ethical isuues in nursing and midwifery practice : perspectives from Europe
Assessing pulmonary capillary pressure using pulmonary arterial occlusion data
AACN essentials of critical care nursing
Patients with blunt injuries treated in an intensive care unit : an analysis of 2002 cases
Advanced practice in critical care : a case study approach
Nutrition in intensive care medicine : beyond physiology
Creating healing environments
Experiences gained in intensive care of surgical patients : a prospective clinical study of 1,001 consecutively treated patients in a surgical intensive care unit
It's the ideal go-to reference for the clinical setting! Compact and easy to use, Manual of Critical Care Nursing, 6th Edition presents essential information on approximately 80 disorders and conditions, as well as concepts relevant to caring for all critically ill patients and functioning in the critical care environment. Award-winning clinical nurse specialists Marianne Baird and Sue Bethel separate the content first by body system and then by disorder, with each disorder including a brief description of pathophysiology, assessment, diagnostic testing, collaborative management, nursing diagnoses, desired outcomes, nursing interventions, and patient teaching and rehabilitation. A concise format presents the material in a way that reflects a practicing nurse's thought processes. - Publisher
Chest physiotherapy in the intensive care unit
Medical-surgical nursing recall
Pharmacology for anaesthesia and intensive care
Manual of critical care nursing : nursing interventions and collaborative management
Outcomes in critical care
Anaesthesia and intensive care A-Z : an encyclopaedia of principles and practice
Towards reliable and intelligent alarms by using median filters
Tactile touch in intensive care : nurses' preparation, patients' experiences and the effect on stress parameters
Veterinary technician's manual for small animal emergency and critical care
Core curriculum for neonatal intensive care nursing
Manual of small animal emergency and critical care medicine
Nursing the adult with a spesific physiological disturbance
Core curriculum for critical care nursing
Major trauma in Northern Finland
Observations on the pharmakokinetics and pharmacodynamics of dexmedetomidine : clinical studies on healthy volunteers and intensive care patients
Cardiac nursing : a comprehensive guide
AACN advanced critical care nursing
Hospital mortality of intensive care patients in Finland : insights into prognostic factors and measuring outcomes
Principles and practice of high dependency nursing
Support for the Parents whose Child is in Neonatal Intensive Care Unit (NICU)
Critical care nursing of the elderly
Children in intensive care : a nurse's survival guide
Pediatric acute care : a guide for interprofessional practice
Nursing care of the critically ill child
Transition of patients from intensive care unit to the ward enviroment : a ward nurse perspective
Handbook of immediate care
Paediatric advanced life support : a practical guide for nurses
Essentials of critical care nursing : a holistic approach
Specification of a mail service for intensive care units
Supporting Family Coping in Paediatric Intensive Care
The decision to limit life support : attitudes among intensive care professionals and the general public
Handbook of paediatric intensive care
Maternal-Neonatal nursing made incredibly easy
Foundations for practice in the neonatal intensive care unit and early intervention : a self-guided practice manual : volume 2. Volume 2
Evidence-based child health care : challenges for practice
Deciding who lives : fateful choices in the intensive-care nursery
Core curriculum for pediatric critical care nursing
Critical care nursing : science and practice
The patient's treatment with CPAP face mask from staff nurses' perspective
Prentice Hall real nursing skills. Critical care nursing skills
Critical care of the brain-injured patient
The Acute Care Nurse Practitioner
BSAVA manual of canine and feline advanced veterinary nursing
EEG-based monitoring during general anaesthesia and sedation : studies on cardiac surgery and status epilepticus patients
Premature infants and their families : developmental interventions
Paramedic care : principles and practice. Volume 4, Trauma emergencies
The clinical nurse specialist role in critical care
Critical care nursing : diagnosis and management
Surgically treated acute acalculous cholecystitis in critically ill patients
"The extensively revised and updated 6th edition of the Neonatal Resuscitation Program (NRP) textbook and accompanying DVD-ROM are designed in accord with the program's curriculum changes and sharpened focus on active, hands-on learning. The text facilitates the newly recommended self-paced learning approach. Self-study is optimized to help students prepare for the mandatory online examination that replaces the traditional written test. It also complements the simulations and case-based sceanarios at the heart of the new NRP. Content updates thoughout the text and DVD-ROM reflect the 2010 American Academy of Pediatrics (AAP)/American Heart Association Guidelines for Neonatal Resuscitation. Must-know new material includes the latest recommendations across key areas of change including: Revisions in the NRP flow diagram; elimination of evaluation of amniotic fluid in initial rapid assessment; use of supplemental oxygen during neonatal resuscitation; use of pulse oximetry; chest compression procedures. The book includes a companion DVD-ROM (for use on both PC and Mac), bringing a higher level of interactivity to the learning process. Active learning features on the DVD include multi-decision point scenarios and randomly generated clinical problems and outcomes"--P. 4 of cover.
Acute drug poisoning: outcome and factors affecting outcome
Infections in intensive care : epidemiology and outcome
The Systematic Review Group (SRG) is a new division of the research department of European Society of Intensive Care Medicine (ESICM). The aims of the SRG are to promote evidence based medicine in critical care, to enhance the role of systematic reviews and meta-analyses in everyday practice and to facilitate access to such evidence for clinicians. It has been estimated that a health care professional would need to read 17-20 original articles every day in order to keep up-to-date in their field. Thus the role of systematic reviews in gathering the evidence, informing guidelines and helping professionals keep abreast of their field has been increasingly recognised. "The ESICM Clinical Evidence in Intensive Care" handbook was compiled with this in mind. 60 systematic reviews on topics directly relevant to critical care were selected. Most of the reviews are of high quality and published since 2009. Indeed, it is thought that a systematic review remains accurate for 2 years on average, and therefore has to be updated at the very least every other year. For each of these SRs, we have provided the readers with a summary highlighting the context of the review, its main findings, review authors' conclusions, problems and limitations, and advantages. In addition, we analysed the methodological quality of the systematic review on 11 items based on the AMSTAR (assessment of multiple systematic reviews) tool. For the majority of the systematic reviews, a forest plot of the primary or other relevant outcomes is included. Most of the reviews also have commentaries from experts in the field highlighting the validity and robustness of the data, whether or not they should translate into changes in routine practice, and what should be the next steps for research. Where relevant, additional information has been provided such as: details of recently completed trials or further references.
Critical care nursing of older adults : best practices
Caring for the seriously ill patient
Handbook of critical care nursing
A colour handbook of small animal emergency and critical care medicine
Monitoring the critically ill patient
Aspects on patient safety in intensive care unit : a literature review
Asleep or not asleep? : evaluation of the quality of patients' sleep in critical care nursing
Intensive and critical care nursing
Abstract: Transition of patients from intensive care unit to the ward enviroment : a ward nursing perspective.
Breastfeeding preterm infant from the delivery ward via NICU to home
Current essentials of critical care
Care of the acutely ill adult : an essential guide for nurses
The effectiveness of education on critical care nurses' knowledge and skills in adhering to guidelines to prevent ventilator-associated pneumonia
Manual of small animal emergencies
Introduction to critical care nursing
Emergency Department Handbook : Children and Adolescents With Mental Health Problems
ABC of intensive care
Textbook of critical care
The S.T.A.B.L.E. Program : pre-transport, post-resuscitation stabilization care of sick infants : guidelines for neonatal healthcare providers : learner manual
Intensive care nursing : a framework for practice
Amrinone versus dopamine-nitroglycerin after reconstructive surgery for complete atrioventricular septal defect
The veterinary ICU book
Priorities in critical care nursing
Atlas of procedures in neonatology
Critical moments : death and dying in intensive care
Health care ethics : lessons from intensive care
Paediatric intensive care nursing
Textbook of neonatal resuscitation
Critical care & emergency nursing
Critical care nursing : caring for the critically ill adult
Neonatal emergencies : a practical guide for resuscitation, transport, and critical care of newborn infants
For the sake of the children : the social organization of responsibility in the hospital and the home
Summary.
No secret science : user-centered design in the process of developing a sensor set for brain wave monitoring on critically ill patients
Critical care nursing : a holistic approach
Support for the parents whose child is in Neonatal Intensive Care Unit (NICU)
Paramedic care : principles and practice. Volume 2, Patient assessment
Nursing the acutely ill adult : case book
Resuscitation of the newborn : a practical approach
Critical care medicine at a glance
Paediatric advanced life support : a practical guide
Intensive care and clinical biochemistry
Mitä hyötyä tehohoidosta? : tehohoitoa sisältäneiden hoitojaksojen vaikuttavuuden arviointi = The benefit of intensive care? : estimation of effectiveness of hospital episodes including intensive care stay
Special care babies and their developing relationships
Neurally adjusted ventilatory assist in pediatric intensive care
Observations on the pharmacokinetics and pharmacodynamics of dexmedetomidine : clinical studies on healthy volunteers and intensive care patients
Oxford textbook of critical care
Emergency care for children
Monitoring the autonomic nervous system in the ICU through cardiovascular variability signals : assessing ICU patient status using spectral analysis parameters
Sent before my time : a child psychotherapist's view of life on a neonatal intensive care unit
Newborn intensive care : what every parent needs to know
Physiotherapy for respiratory and cardiac problems : adults and paediatrics
Paramedic care : principles and practice. Volume 1, Introduction to advanced prehospital care
Summary in Swedish.
