http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18569 pyramids
pyramids
The buried pyramid
The pyramids
Secrets of the great pyramid
The tomb-builders of the pharaohs
Mysterious places
The Great Pyramid : ancient Egypt revisited
Seven wonders of the ancient world
Egypt : secrets of the pharaos
The riddle of the pyramids
World of mummies and tombs
Architecture, astronomy and sacred landscape in ancient Egypt
Who built the pyramids? : with internet links
The eye of Ra
Discovery guide to Cairo : including the pyramids and Saqqara
The mountains of pharaoh
Great wonders of the world
The seven wonders of the world : a history of the modern imagination
Egyptian town
In the shadow of the pyramids : Egypt during the Old Kingdom
The wonders of the world : a popular and authentic account of the marvels of nature and of man as they exist to-day. Vol. 2
Mountains of the pharaohs : the untold story of the pyramid builders
Ancient monuments revealed
Gods and pharaohs of Ancient Egypt
The Secret of the sphinx
Gods & myths of ancient Egypt : an illustrated guide to the mythology, religion an culture
Sticks, stones, and shadows : building the Egyptian pyramids
The pyramids of Egypt
Pyramids : a Discworld novel
Egyptian pyramids and Mastaba tombs : of the Old and Middle Kingdoms
After thirteen-year-old Tucker Feye's parents disappear, he suspects that the strange disks of shimmering air that he keeps seeing are somehow involved, and when he steps inside of one he is whisked on a time-twisting journey trailed by a shadowy sect of priests and haunted by ghostlike figures / Library off Congress.
The pyramids : their archaeology and history
MUMMIES, MYTH AND MAGIC IN ANCIENT EGYPT
Mummies and ancient Egypt
Tutankhamum : and the Valley of the Kings
The curse of the mummy and other mysteries of Ancient Egypt
What life was like
Early Northwest Semitic serpent spells in the Pyramid texts
The Pyramid of the Sun at Teotihuacán, 1959 investigations
The Cydonian pyramid
Ancient civilizations : Egypt, Greece and Mexico
Life and times in Ancient Egypt
The secret of the Great Pyramid : how one man's obsession led to the solution of ancient Egypt's greatest mystery
The rough guide to Cairo and the Pyramids
Exploring the world of the Pharaohs : [a complete guide to ancient Egypt]
The pyramid builders of ancient Egypt : a modern investigation of Pharaoh's workforce
See inside famous buildings
WHO BUILT THE PYRAMIDS?
The great Egyptian grave robbery
The complete illustrated history of the Aztec & Maya
The pyramid of Unas
The wonders of the world : a popular and authentic account of the marvels of nature and of man as they exist to-day. Vol. 1
The X ray picture book of big buildings of the ancient world
Egypt : secrets of the pharaohs
The dwellings of eternity
See inside ancient Egypt
Who built the pyramids?
Egyptology : an introduction to the history, art and culture of ancient Egypt
Mysteries of the Mexican pyramids
History : the really interesting bits!
Abusir III : the pyramid complex of Khentkaus
How the pyramids were built
How the Great Pyramid was built
An introduction to egyptology
Egyptian art in the age of the pyramids
Splendours of ancient Mexico
The curse of the mummy's tomb
The mysteries of ancient Egypt : an illustrated reference to the myths, religions, pyramids and temples of the land of the pharaohs
Mummy mysteries : the secret world of Tutankhamun and the pharaohs
The curse of mummy's tomb
The monuments of Egypt : The Napoleonic edition : The complete archaeological plates from La description de l'Egypte
The mountains of pharaoh : 2000 years of pyramid exploration
Pyramids and mummies
A puzzling day in the land of the pharaohs
Life and work at the Great Pyramid during the months of January, February, March and April, A.D. 1865 : with a discussion of the facts ascertained
In a far distant future, Tucker Feye and the inscrutable Lia find themselves atop a crumbling pyramid in an abandoned city. In present-day Hopewell, Tucker's uncle Kosh faces armed resistance and painful memories as he attempts to help a terrorized woman named Emma, who is being held captive by a violent man. And on a train platform in 1997, a seventeen-year-old Kosh is given an instruction that will change his life, and the lives of others, forever. Tucker, Lia, and Kosh must evade the pursuit of maggot-like Timesweeps, battle Master Gheen's cult of Lambs, all while they puzzle out the enigmatic Boggsians as they search for one another and the secrets of the diskos. Who built them? Who is destroying them? Where -- and when -- will it all end / Library off Congress.
The seven wonders of the ancient world
The private lives of the Pharaohs
City of the dead : Thebes in Egypt
The lost pharaohs : the romance of egyptian archaeology
Awful Egyptians
The complete pyramids
The obsidian blade
The chaos code
Sacred sites of ancient Egypt : an illustrated guide to the temples, tombs and pyramids
Pyramid studies : and other essays presented to I. E. S. Edwards
EXPLORING THE WORLD OF THE PHARAOHS
Mysteries and discoveries of archaeoastronomy : from Giza to Easter Island
Egypt : people, gods, pharaohs
Tucker Feye and Lah Lia each hurtle through time, relating their stories in alternating viewpoints that converge at crucial moments / Library off Congress.
