http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18585 acute treatment
acute treatment acute care
Oxford American handbook of disaster medicine
UK ambulance services clinical practice guidelines 2016. Pocket book
Dangerous fever in the emergency department
Critical care nursing made incredibly easy!
Pediatrics
Conflict and catastrophe medicine : a practical guide
Basic life support provider : pediatric education for prehospital professionals
Information management for tactical decision-making in the cardiac care process
Acute and critical care in adult nursing
Basic trauma life support for paramedics and other advanced providers
Medical-surgical nursing recall
Pediatric emergency medicine
Out-of-hospital cardiac arrest in Finland
Disaster nursing : a handbook for practice
Emergency triage
Elvytystilanne : auta heti! = Återuppliving-hjälp omedelbart = Resuscitation needed-help immediately
The Wills eye manual : office and emergency room diagnosis and treatment of eye disease
Rosen's emergency medicine : concepts and clinical practice / Vol. 2
Veterinary technician's manual for small animal emergency and critical care
First aid manual : the authorised manual of the Irish Red Cross
Good emergency management practice : the essentials: a guide to preparing for animal health emergencies
The first contact point in Emergency Department is called Triage. It is a system used to prioritize and to recognize the severity of patient's condition when arriving at hospital. This examination is a rapid, systematic and concise which include primary and secondary assessments. The triage decision making and the role of a triage nurse is vital in managing the workload in triage system. Therefore, sufficient knowledge is imperative so that the treatments or the cares will be given properly. The primary objective of this is to scale the patient's health problems before seeing the physician. The purpose of this thesis is to produce a video as a teaching material about acute triage clinical examination for the student of TAMK and to educate how to carry out triage assessments. The approach used in this thesis is Functional which is composed of two parts which are a theoretical part and a product. The theoretical one covers the whole process of the thesis, video making and reflects the general information about triage system as well primary and secondary triage assessment. Triage decision making and prioritizing of care is also explained in this chapter. Finally, the outcome of the product is video. The video serves as an educational material for the student of TAMK. It increases and widens their knowledge about triage and also shows how important the role of triage nurses in decision making.  It is important for the students to understand and be familiar with triage. Enough knowledge about patient's health problems and proper intervention is significant to manage the patients. By learning triage, it gives more information about prioritizing the patient's needs and the importance of decision making when working in hospital. A further research study is recommended about the satisfaction of triage system as a clinical risk management tool in Emergency Departments.
Journal of emergency nursing
Essential management of obstetric emergencies
Physical therapy case files. Acute care
Mosby's EMT-basic textbook
"Realistic acute care cases help physical therapy students make the transition from classroom to clinic. Physical Therapy Case Files: Acute Care delivers 35 acute-care cases that help students sharpen their critical thinking skills and prepare them for real-world practice. Clinicians will find the book to be a valuable refresher. Each case includes clinical tips, evidence-based practice recommendations, analysis, and references. Features National Physical Therapy Examination-style review questions accompany each case to prepare students for the boards. Provides students with practical experience before working with patients. Spares instructors from having to create their own cases. Analysis of case includes remediation content, saving students the necessity of having to go a textbook for answers"--Provided by publisher.
First aid manual : The Authorised Manual of St. John Ambulance, St. Andrew's first aid and the British Red Cross
Manual of small animal emergency and critical care medicine
Nursing the adult with a spesific physiological disturbance
Core curriculum for critical care nursing
Emergencies in obstetrics and gynaecology
Ward-based critical care : a guide for health professionals
Rosen's emergency medicine : concepts and clinical practice. Vol. 2
Establishing a healthcare emergency response coalition
Motivation for rehabilitation in acute burn patients as seen by physiotherapists : a case study
Nursing ways to inspire hope : literature review
Pain : creative approaches to effective management
Rosen's emergency medicine : concepts and clinical practice
First aid manual : the authorised manual of St. John Ambulance, St. Andrew's Ambulance Association, The British Red Cross
Triage nursing secrets
Ward managers view on the strategies for successful learning experiences for ELTDP nursing students in acute clinical practice setting in Finland
Clinical procedures in emergency medicine
Rosen's emergency medicine : concepts and clinical practice / Vol.1
Paediatric advanced life support : a practical guide for nurses
Practical guide to first aid : fast and effective emergency care
Essentials of critical care nursing : a holistic approach
Emergency nursing made incredibly easy!
Cardiovascular health and fitness after childhood acute lymphoblastic leukaemia
Patient safety in emergency medicine
Abstract: Motivation for rehabilitation in acute burn patients as seen physiotherapists: a case study.
Elvytystilanne - auta heti! / Återupplivning - hjälp omedelbart! = Resuscitation needed - help immediately!
Accident and emergency nursing
Ensiapu sairauskohtauksissa = First aid in attacks of illness = Första hjälpen vid sjukdomsattacker
Head, eyes, ears, nose, and throat emergencies
"First things first" : an educational video for acute triage assesment
Integrated quality management : the key to improving nursing care quality
Forgoing life-sustaining treatment in intensive care units : practice, attitudes and ethics
Critical care nursing : science and practice
Sheehy's manual of emergency care
International trauma life support for emergency care providers
The Acute Care Nurse Practitioner
Emergency radiology : imaging of acute pathologies
Oxford handbook of acute medicine
Health care emergency management : principles and practice
Acute ischemic stroke
Adult patient family needs in acute care settings : a literature review
Paramedic care : principles and practice. Volume 5, Special considerations/operations
First aid at your fingertips
Nurse practitioner acute care protocols : for emergency departments, urgent care centers, and family practices
Paramedic care : principles and practice. Volume 4, Trauma emergencies
Medical disaster response : a survival guide for hospitals in mass casualty events
Critical care nursing : diagnosis and management
Rosen's emergency medicine : concepts and clinical practice / Vol. 1
Emergency care of the woman
Crisis management in acute care settings : human factors and team psychology in a high-stakes environment
Paramedic care : principles and practice : introduction to advanced prehospital care
Clinical manual of substance abuse
Ward managers view of the strategies for successful learning experiences for ELTDP nursing students in acute clinical practice setting in Finland
Tintinalli's emergency medicine : a comprehensive study guide
Acute care handbook for physical therapists
Emergency nursing secrets
Prehospital emergency care
Prehospital resuscitation in Helsinki : experience with a physician staffed emergency care unit in 1987-1988
Gender differences in the occurrence, prognosis and risk factor control of cardiovascular disease
A nurse's survival quide to primary care
Rosen's emergency medicine : concepts and clinical practice. Vol. 3
Doctor on board : your practical guide to medical emergencies at sea
Disaster management and response
Mosby's emergency dictionary : EMS, rescue, and special operations
Elderly Emergency : Emergency room nurse’s experiences on how information flow affects the good care of an elderly patient in the emergency room
Handbook of emergency department procedures
The purpose of this Bachelor's thesis was to search for nursing ways to inspire hope in acute care patients. There was an abundance of general material found on the theme of hope, but research articles specifically on hope inspiration and hope maintenance in acute care were limited, especially from the nursing point of view. This theme of hope is in itself a fluctuating value throughout one's lifespan, and so it has been difficult to measure. And lastly, finding evidence based research results for hope promotion was challenging. The theoretical starting points for this literature review were the abstract concept of hope, and the concept of hope in critical care nursing. The results showed that nursing attitudes can inspire and/or maintain hope levels in patients both positively and negatively. In nursing, communication between nurses, healthcare professionals and patients is important. Nurses' and other healthcare professionals' support given to patients in maintaining normal life inspire and/or maintain hope. Conclusions suggest that hope is a fluctuating value throughout a person's life. Nurses have the ability to steer the direction of hope in a patient's life, and patients who embrace hope heal better. Some development suggestions for further research studies are to study hope levels and fluctuations in all age levels, hope inspiration in healthcare personnel, hope promotion in education, and hope promotion for the disabled.
Care of the acutely ill adult : an essential guide for nurses
Manual of small animal emergencies
Emergency nursing procedures
Introduction to critical care nursing
ABC of intensive care
Abstract: Ward managers play crucial roles in creating conducive learning environment for nursing students during their clinical practice. The purpose of our final project was to explore ward managers' view of the strategies for successful learning experiences for ELTDP (English Language Taught Degree Programme) nursing students in acute clinical practice settings in Finland. The study question was: What are the strategies that will enhance ELTDP nursing students clinical practice experience in acute settings in Finland? To answer these questions, five ward managers were interviewed and the data was analyzed through content analysis. The findings were summarized into three themes:(i)language; (ii)cultural competence; (iii) cooperation between educational institutions and clinical placements. Both ELTDP students' and tutor nurses' language skills need improvement for students to achieve successful learning outcomes; cultural competence was not well-discussed and formal training on this topic was missing in the wards; Cooperation between educational institutions and clinical placement need to be intensified to achieve successful clinical practice experience.
The veterinary ICU book
Emergency medical services
Priorities in critical care nursing
Nursing Ways to Inspire Hope
Critical care & emergency nursing
Handbook of first aid and emergency care
Care of the critically ill surgical patient
Comprehensive guide to pre-hospital skills : a skills manual for- EMT-basic, EMT-intermediate, EMT-paramedic
Hospital emergency response teams : triage for optimal disaster response
Understanding the essentials of critical care nursing
Handbook of paediatric accident and emergency medicine : a symptom-based guide
Rosen's emergency medicine : concepts and clinical practice. Vol. 1
Critical skills and procedures in emergency medicine
Clinical assessment and monitoring in children
Disaster nursing and emergency preparedness for chemical, biological, and radiological terrorism and other hazards
Caring in crisis : an oral history of critical care nursing
Crisis standards of care : summary of a workshop series
Paramedic care : principles and practice. Volume 2, Patient assessment
Nursing the acutely ill adult : case book
AACN handbook of critical care nursing
Critical care medicine at a glance
Paediatric advanced life support : a practical guide
Emergencies in clinical radiology
EMS world
Tough calls in acute neurology
Paediatric emergency triage, assessment and treatment : care of critically ill children : updated guideline
Oxford handbook of emergency medicine
Adolescent behavior in health care services utilization and study participation
Oxford handbook of emergency nursing
Emergency care for children
Tactical emergency care : military and operational out-of-hospital medicine
Paramedic care : principles and practice. Volume 1, Introduction to advanced prehospital care
Telephone triage protocols for nurses
