http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18504 conference travel
conference travel
Hospitality 2010 : the future of hospitality and travel
Multiple channel strategies in the European PC industry
The long tail of tourism : holiday niches and their impact on mainstream tourism
The actual foundation of the conference industry in Tampere took an appropriate shape after the establishment of Tampere Hall in 1990. Since then Tampere has been very active in promoting and organizing conferences of all kinds. The purpose, thus, of this study was to describe the process of organizing and managing conferences and analyze the conference industry in the Tampere Region. Sources of conference theories were used to describe the historical background of the industry's origin, its development and current trend. Data for analysis of Tampere as a conference destination were obtained through a standard questionnaire during the 23rd European Conference on Biomaterials (ESB 2010) at Tampere Hall on 11-15 September 2010. Quantitative analysis of the data was conducted through SPSS. The findings indicate that the industry dates back in 1884 during the congress of Vienna and developed into a proper industry in America in the 20th century. The findings reveal also that the process of organizing and managing conferences is a long procedure that involves several key players and encompasses other sectors such as tourism. It has also been noted that conference industry in Tampere existed even before the advent of Tampere Hall. It was due to Tampere being active in research, education and theater culture, plus due to the decline of the early industry in the region that brought about the establishment of purpose-built conference center - Tampere Hall. Conferences is an international industry that still grows. Despite offering massive employment opportunities and contributing to the world economy it lacks consistent data for quantification. There are less conference related courses in universities and the demand for professionals is on the increase. More courses on meeting events should be introduced in universities as a proactive approach in developing the industry in the region. Tampere Convention Bureau should work together with academic institutions to devise a method of managing meeting events records, and studies need to be carried out on the environmental impact of conference tourism. Key words: Conference, meetings industry, meeting events, tourism.
From cultural tourism to creative tourism : proceedngs of the ATLAS international conference, Barcelona, 2005.. Part 2, Changing structures of collaboration
Marketing destinations and venues for conferences, conventions and business events
Meet in Finland : the magazine of Helsinki-Finland Congress Bureau
Measuring the economic importance of the meetings industry : developing a tourism satellite account extension
Urban tourism in the developing world : the South African experience
Jyväskylä Paviljonki and it's impact on tourism in Jyväskylä
Comparative advantages and competition strategies of cities in the professional meetings industry : case Helsinki
Proceedings of the ATLAS Annual Conference 2004 : networking & partnership in destination development & management. Vol. 2
Congress surveys 1986, 1989 and 1992 : summary
Meetings, expositions, events, and conventions : an introduction to the industry
Entrepreneurship and education in tourism : proceedings ATLAS Asia Inauguration Conference
Tourism success stories and shooting stars : 4-6 June 2007.
Meeting Planner's guide to Finland 1996-1997
Congress Kokkola: The research of Facilities and Additional Services in the Town of Kokkola and its Surroundings
Reinventing a tourism destination : facing the challenge
Tourism : concepts and practices
Tourism and handicrafts : a report on the International Conference on Tourism and Handicrafts : 13-15 May 2006, Tehran, Islamic Republic of Iran
Tourist publicity : Dublin, March 20th-24th 1964.
Contemporary society and indigenious culture : consideration through the tourism and art. 1, Proceedings of the 24rd International Abashiri Symposium
The evolution of tourism : adapting to change : 28th annual conference proceedings
Conference tourism in the Tampere region
Introduction to hospitality
The business of event planning : behind-the-scenes secrets of successful special events
Meetings, expositions, events, and conventions
The Meeting professional
Meeting hotel and business to business service marketing : case Kokousmylly
Urban and regional tourism : balancing the economy and the ecology
Business tourism potentiality of Ostrobothnia : a study for congress Kokkola, congress Seinäjoki and congress Vaasa
From cultural tourism to creative tourism : proceedngs of the ATLAS international conference, Barcelona, 2005.. Part 4, Changing experiences - the development of creative tourism
Technology strategies for the hospitality industry
Business travel
Marketing innovations for sustainable destinations
Destination marketing : an integrated marketing communication approach
2050 - tomorrow's tourism
Tourism : the state of the art
Meetings & incentive travel
Marketing Helsinki as a congress destination city
Meetings, expositions, events and conventions : an introduction to the industry
International Lake Tourism Conference : 2-5 July, Savonlinna, Finland
Business travel and tourism
Convention tourism : international research and industry perspectives
Well-being in tourism and recreation : book of abstracts
Observations on international tourism communications : Africa
Managing tourism and hospitality services : theory and international applications
Urban tourism
From cultural tourism to creative tourism : proceedngs of the ATLAS international conference, Barcelona, 2005.. Part 1, The changing context of cultural tourism
Tourism's potential as a sustainable development strategy : proceedings from the 2004 WTO Tourism Policy Forum a the George Washington University, Washington D.C., 18-20 October 2004
Tourism and demography
Business travel : conferences, incentive travel, exhibitions, corporate hospitality and corporate travel
Providing a comprehensive, in-depth analysis of the international conference industry, “Conferences and Conventions: A Global Industry Second Edition” examines the industry's origins, structure, economics, career opportunities, and future development. It also explains its links with the wider tourism industry. Now in its second edition, it is packed with a wealth of new international case studies covering the city of Melbourne, Queen Elizabeth II conference centre, London, Abu Dhabi, MCI Group, the Scottish Exhibition and Conference Centre, Glasgow and team San Jose, California. It also has new sections on: market segmentation and web marketing; conference and event budgeting; technology and communications, from video conferencing to web casting and pod casting; and corporate social responsibility and sustainable and green events. "Conferences and Conventions: A Global Industry" is illustrated with case studies and examples from around the world, including Great Britain, Canada, Australasia, Dubai, Greece, Thailand, South Africa, USA, Austria and many other destinations. It also provides challenging and reflective questions at the end of each chapter so that readers can test their knowledge and think about the issues raised, accompanied by practical assignments. Tony Rogers is Executive Director of the British Association of Conference Destinations and Association of British Professional Conference Organisers, UK. This second edition, now in full colour, is packed with new case studies from Cyprus, India, Australia and Abu Dhabi (amongst others), as well as new material including web marketing, procurement and ROI and corporate social responsibility. It is endorsed by the British Associations of Conferences Destinations and Association of British Professional Conference Organizers. It provides user-friendly, accessible approach that actively helps the reader to absorb and understand information.
Discovering hospitality and tourism : the world's greatest industry
Abstract: Russian corporate travelling : Finland as a destination for MICE tourism.
Landscapes of presence : aesthetics, amenities and technologies : proceedings of the first Winter Academy convened by Amenity Landscapes Research Group : 19-22 January 2003, University of Lapland, Rovaniemi
Events management : an international approach
Malta : a business travel destination for the Finnish market
Meetings and conventions
Conference & incentive travel
Proceedings of the ATLAS Annual Conference 2004 : networking & partnership in destination development & management. Vol. 1
Current issues in convention and exhibition facility development
Nordic tourism student's conference, November 27 - 29, 1997
A report on the World Tourism Organization international conference on metropolitan tourism : Busan, Republic of Korea, 11-12 September 2007
International tourism : the great turning point : texts and documents. Vol. 3
Observations on international tourism communications : Americas
Communities as a part of sustainable rural tourism - success factor or inevitable burden? : proceedings of the Community Tourism Conference, 10th-11th September 2013 in Kotka, Finland
Russian corporate travelling : Finland as a destination for MICE tourism
Contemporary society and indigenious culture : consideration through the tourism and art. 2, Proceedings of the 25th International Abashiri Symposium
Future trends in conference tourism : successful marketing strategies
Conferences and conventions : a global industry
Developing a successful infrastructure for convention & event tourism
Northern Ostrobothnia conference, congress and event and incentive trip handbook for event arrangers
Tourism and nature in Africa
Local communities and participation in African tourism
Abstract: North Karelia as a kongress venue : Does it have any influence for foreign participants?.
Introduction to hospitality management
