http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18519 interests
interests
Economic interests in Soviet-Finnish relations
Abstract.
Domestication of international comparisons : the role of the OECD Programme for International Student Assessment (PISA) in Finnish education policy
Finding a voice at work? : new perspectives on employment relations
The mediation of class interests in the parliamentary arena
Explaining norms
Comparative corporate governance : shareholders as a rule-maker
Shadow sovereigns : how global corporations are seizing power
A stab in the back? The British government, the paper industry and the Nordic threat, 1956-1972
Conflict and cooperation : institutional and behavioral economics
"Conflict of interest occurs at all levels of governance, ranging from local to global, both in the public and the corporate and financial spheres. There is increasing awareness that conflicts of interest may distort decision-making processes and generate inappropriate outcomes, thereby undermining the functioning of public institutions and markets. However, the current worldwide trend towards regulation, which seeks to forestall, prevent and manage conflicts of interest, has its price. Drawbacks may include the stifling of decision-making processes, the loss of expertise among decision-makers and a vicious circle of distrust. This interdisciplinary and international book addresses specific situations of conflict of interest in different spheres of governance, particularly in global, public and corporate governance"--
Negotiating European Union
Abstract in Finnish.
Summary.
Serving two masters : conflicts of interest in the modern law firm
Trade and environment : difficult policy choices at the interface
Interests, institutions and the welfare state : studies on public opinion towards the welfare state
Normative binding : the European Union, the United States, and the global battle on the Institution of the International Criminal Court
Public-private partnerships and international health policy-making : how can public interests be safeguarded?
Russia's geopolitical interests in the Baltic area
Culture of terrorism
Interest-group evaluation : the case of local economic-development policy
Representation of a changing self : an EU performance in the Middle East
Regulatory politics in the enlarging European Union : weighing civic and producer interests
Conflict of interest in global, public and corporate governance
Do shareholders care about corporate investments returns?
Conflicts of interests in the financial services industry : what should we do about them?
Globalisation, information and libraries : the implications of the World Trade Organization's GATS and TRIPS Agreements
Interpreting the precautionary principle
From poverty economics to global social policy : a sociology of aid for poverty reduction
Who is serving whom? : an agency-for perspective on enterprise promotion in rural Finland
Influence of national and company interests on European electricity transmission investments
National interests in international society
National interests and European integration : discourse and politics of Blair, Chirac and Schroder
