http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18503 bats (physical training equipment)
bats (physical training equipment)
Bat and ball sports
Taxonomic status of Sterictiphora sorbi Kontuniemi (Hymenoptera: Argidae)
50 sports wares : innovations in design and materials
Stretching for racquet sports
Baseball and softball
The rules of the golf : a history of the rules of golf
Sport aerodynamics
Eye injuries in ball - and raquet sports : frame protection to prevent them
The unquiet ones : a history of Pakistan cricket
Science and racket sports. IV
Science and racket sports. III, The procedings of the eighth International Table Tennis Federation Sports Science Congress and the Third World Congress of Science and Racket Sports
American Indian lacrosse : little brother of war
Game understanding and game performance in badminton : development and validation of assessment instruments and their application to games teaching and coaching
Neck and shoulder pain in a young population : prevalence and etiological factors
Don't call me goon : a tribute to hockey's great enforcers, bad boys, and gunslingers
Ian McKenzie's squash skills
Suomalainen akvarelli : katsaus suomalaiseen akvarellitaiteeseen = Finnish water colour : review of Finnish water colour painting : Airas,... ; 5.7. - 8.8.1976, Helsingin Taidehalli
Science and racket sports
Science and golf : proceedings of the First World Scientific Congress of Golf, University of St Andrews, St Andrews, Scotland, 9-13th July 1990
The goaltenders' union : hockey's greatest puckstoppers, acrobats, and flakes
Winning ugly : mental warfare in tennis - lessons from a master
Handbook of athletic games for players, instructors, and spectators, comprising fifteen major ball games, track and field athletics and rowing races
The limits and possibilities of symbolism : rhetorical and ecocritical views on Finnish bird poetry of the 1960's and 1970's
Science and racket sports. II
This guide is designed to help the reader get more out of the game of table tennis. It covers core skills, drills and tactics of the game.
Exploring the customer experience for 4DSwing golf coaching technology
Maila Talvio, a Finnish authoress visits the Karaims in Lithuania in 1894.
Table tennis : steps to success
Hockey : the skills of the game
Bird politics : the concreteness of birds in Finnish 1970's environmental poetry.
In sport disciplines such as running, ice skating, bicycling and cross-country skiing the aerodynamic drag force constitutes the major obstacle to overcome. Furthermore, in ski jumping and in various activities involving a ball the aerodynamic lift force comes in addition into action. This book describes the various sport disciplines on the basis of aerodynamic analysis and also covers the biomechanics part by illustrative performance examples. Such treatment of the underlying physical phenomena of sport activities gives a valuable supplement to existing literature on sport. The reader will also be guided to references which exist for the various topics discussed, so she or he can go into a deeper study of the particular sport activity at wish.
Talvinen Suomi : teema - expo = Vinter-Finland : tema - expo = Winter-Finland : theme - expo : Galerie Oljemark, 11.1. - 2.2.1975
Looking for the lost tradition of the Finnish dramatic monologue
Legends of Wimbledon : Stefan Edberg & Björn Borg
Take me out to the pesis game!
Baseball for dummies
The house on Maple street and other stories
The complete book of games
