http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18563 life cycle models
life cycle models Private Public Partnership models
Choosing an internationalization path : case: Joyride Games LTD
Conceptual modelling of life cycle design : a modelling and evaluation method based on analogies and dimensionless numbers
BIM handbook : a guide to building information modeling for owners, managers, designers, engineers, and contractors
Consumption over the life cycle : theory and empirical regularities
Improving energy performance of building : based on BIM, Virtual real time information system and educating consumer about energy related living and design
Strategic financial planning over the lifecycle : a conceptual approach to personal risk management
The main objective of this study is to clarify the current challenges and preconditions relating to product portfolio management (PPM) and widen the PPM framework over horizontal and vertical portfolios, including a related governance model, strategic performance management and the PPM process. This study analyses comprehensively the current PPM literature and the relevant practices of 10 case companies representing business areas such as hardware (HW), software (SW) and Services. This study approaches PPM from a more comprehensive viewpoint as all product life cycle phases and product structure levels are not covered well in this context by the earlier literature.The principal results of this study involve revealing the need for a new PPM governance model including strategic targets, KPIs and the PPM process according to vertical and horizontal portfolios. The created PPM framework clarifies the strategic role of PPM in cross-functional analysis and decision making for commercial and technical portfolios. The role and the impact of strategic PPM have been further enhanced by positioning the PPM process on the level of other business processes.The created PPM framework enhances the collaboration between business and engineering teams. The managerial implications include the potential preconditions of clarifying the dynamic and active role of PPM at the level of other business processes. The findings can aid business managers in understanding PPM as an entity that has a role in managing the entire product portfolio and its renewal based on strategic performance measures over horizontal and vertical portfolios according to cross-functional governance bodies. This highlights the criticality of managing all items both in commercial and technical portfolios. The role of other business processes should be highly operational by executing product development, marketing and sales, delivery and care activities according to PPM decisions. The primary role of PPM should be active management of the entire product portfolio over product life cycle phases and product structure levels, instead of merely focusing on new product development, to ensure product portfolio renewal.
The complexity of mobile phone recycling : developing user-centered design guidelines and future concepts for mobile phone collection
Sustainability strategies for business : an integrated approach with a life cycle perspective
Environmental Life Cycle Assessment: Measuring the Environmental Performance of Products
The tourism area life cycle, vol. 2 : conceptual and theoretical issues
Applying the principles of life cycle assessment and costing in process modeling to examine profit-making capability
The economic efficiency of accommodation service PFI projects
Over the last thirty years Public Private Partnerships (PPPs) have been used to deliver transport capital projects and services. PPPs are complex arrangements that require a multi-disciplinary approach in order to assure their success, though research on the subject has been fragmented. This book fills the gap in existing literature by providing insight into these complex arrangements at their various stages of development. Public Private Partnerships in Transport: trends and theory is structured to follow the life-cycle of a PPP project and strikes a balance between theory and practice. Divided into four parts, each section highlights major concerns and offers and array of views and policy recommendations. Parts include context for national implementation, decision models, performance measures and efficiency standards.This book includes an expanded discussion on the findings presented, discussed and analysed at the closing event of the COST Action TU1001 network on the topic of PPPs in transport. The result will be of significant interest to the academic community, policy makers and practitioners.
Essays on electronic business models and their evaluation
Development of cost estimation with feedback information in EPCM business
Simulation of carbon budget for forests and wood-based products : an application for boreal conditions in Finland
Subscriber penetration in mobile phone neworks - drivers for the growth in a nation
Optimal public procurement contracts under a soft budget constraint
Statistical analysis of life sequence data
Understanding aggregate saving of households
The tourism area life cycle, vol. 1 : applications and modifications
Life cycle assessment of products and technologies : LCA Symposium, VTT, Espoo, Finland, 6 October 2009
Material flow models in environmental policy planning : case: pulp and paper industry
Decision analysis as a tool for life cycle impact assessment
Public-private partnerships : managing risks and opportunities
Life cycle impact assessment based on decision analysis
Environmental Life Cycle Assessment is an introductory college level textbook on the science of Life Cycle Assessment. It provides materials for a full year of study. Over thirty LCA experts were brought together by the American Center for Life Cycle Assessment, with full redundant editing to provide a consistent and comprehensive coverage of this broad field of study. Exercises are provide for each topic, covering everything from the nuts and bolts of the science to issues such as ethics and communication. Students using this textbook need only practical experience (as can be provided in lab courses) to be able to sit the exam for Life Cycle Assessment Certified Professionals.
Pension system, unemployment insurance and employment at older ages in Finland
Growth of Finnish health care service firms
Abstract (1 s.).
Public private partnerships in transport ; trends and theory
Generic life cycle cost model and cost-effective solutions
Product portfolio management over horizontal and vertical portfolios
The economic theory of annuities
Item-level life-cycle model for maintenance networks : from cost to additional value
