http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18528 crisis communication
crisis communication
Crisis preparedness through co-operation between municipalities and non-governmental organizations
The rhetoric of national emergency: 9/11 versus Weimar Republic
Communications and incentives : the importance of fast and sincere reporting : Jakarta, Indonesia, 25 July 2007
Publisher Synopsis: "Effective Crisis Communication is a clear and well-developed skills-based approach to crisis communication. The authors have done a superb job demonstrating the practicality of applying lessons learned in a variety of crisis incidents. It is a must have for building a basic framework for approaching unexpected moments in organizational life."
Aiming to structure the academic debate and to demonstrate practical use cases of social media in crisis communication, we present in this metastudy the disciplinary embedment, topical foci, challenges, and research gaps in the literature and application of social media in crisis communication. In particular, our research questions address the characteristics and features of the academic discourse and examine the role of grant givers in steering research foci, as well as the value of research outcomes for crisis communication practice. Therefore, we analyze pertinent academic articles and research projects from the past decade and provide an excursus on the actors and social media communication channels that are used during emergencies and crises. We conclude by highlighting research gaps and practical challenges.
Risk communication : a handbook for communicating environmental, safety, and health risks
Defining critical information requirements and quality in cooperative disasters management
International tourist's perceptions of safety and security: the role of social media
Strategies for change : a distance learning study programme
A strategic approach to crisis management and crisis communication
Peace IT! : using ICTs to prevent, manage and resolve crises
The Sage handbook of conflict resolution
Towards an assessment model of crisis communication supporting emergency management by public sector organizations
Crisis communication : theory and practice
Crisis communications : a casebook approach. Student workbook
The ascent of international business communication
Scandal. The complete first season
This is a practical book on negotiation in all realms of life. The authors cover the steps in the negotiating process and describe the necessary interpersonal skills for effective negotiators. They look at the factors that cause negotiations to break down, what to do when that happens, and the ethical and moral dimensions of negotiation. Chapters 7-12 examine key areas of life in which negotiation takes place: interpersonal relations, the workplace, consumer settings, community relations, and international affairs. The book: contains practitioner interviews; provides readers with real-world examples; and, emphasizes throughout the day-to-day relevance of negotiating skills.
The rising role of communication management in world politics and business
CBRN Communication Scorecard
Crisis communication plan for an exchange-listed company
Effective crisis communication : moving from crisis to opportunity
Humanitarian soldiers, colonialised others and invisible enemies : visual strategic communication narratives of the Afghan war
Crisis management in the age of social media
Crisis Management in Hotel Business in Finland : Viewpoint of the Receptionists
Intercultural crisis communication during the 2011 Fukushima nuclear disaster
This brief, theoretically grounded, yet practical text has proven successful with both student and professional audiences, offering clear, usable advice on how to manage the conflicts that arise on the job and in personal relationships. Important chapters dealing with issues of intercultural communication and gender have been revised and rewritten to reflect the most current research, and the unique material on conflict and writing allows students to gain insight into a medium of communication overlooked by most texts. The authors have created a five-step model of approaching and analyzing interpersonal conflict, and this model is applied repeatedly to different topics, providing students with a genuinely effective structure for working through differences with colleagues, friends, and others they might encounter.
Humanitarianism, communications and change
Conflict management : a communication skills approaches
Observations on international tourism communications : Americas
Theorizing Crisis Communication presents a comprehensive review and critique of the broad range of theoretical frameworks designed to explain the role of communication in the development, management, and consequences of natural and man-made crises. Brings together the variety of theoretical approaches emerging in the study of crisis communication into one volume for the first time. Summarizes theories from such diverse perspectives as rhetoric, risk management, ethics, mass communication, social media, emergency response, crisis outcomes, and warning systems, while presenting clear examples of how the theory is applied in crisis communication research Presents theoretical frameworks generated by research from many disciplines including sociology, psychology, applied anthropology, public health, public relations, political science, organizational studies, and criminal justice An essential tool for a comprehensive understanding of the onset, management, response, resolution, and ultimate meaning of these devastating world events.
Stakeholders as crisis communicators : flow of communication power from organizations to publics
What is news? Why does news turn out like it does? What factors influence the creation, production, and dissemination of news? Cultural Meanings of News takes on these deceptively simple questions through an essential collection of seminal and contemporary studies by leaders in the fields of mass communication and media studies. This book represents a conceptual update, a continuation of the discourse about the nature of news and how it comes to be, moving ideas ahead from the earlier tradition of sociological approaches to the more pervasive cultural perspectives that inform understandings about news. Cultural Meanings of News provides a carefully selected set of readings, organized into thematic areas that each probe a dimension of the literature: from sociological roots to cultural perspectives; news as narrative and cultural text; newswork as cultural ritual; news as cultural myth; news and its interpretive communities; news as a source and reflection of collective memory; and, toward the future of news research. This text-reader provides students and scholars with first-hand exposure to cultural approaches to the study of news, while also providing an organizing framework for understanding the commonalties and differences between threads in the research. The goals are to engage readers through guided immersion in the material.
Fog of Falsehood: Russian Strategy of Deception and the Conflict in Ukraine
Crises and social media : a metastudy on pertinent research and practice
Public relations practices : managerial case studies and problems
The distant present
Mass notification and crisis communications : planning, preparedness, and systems
A comparative case study of Sony Computer Entertainment's crisis communication efforts during two PlayStation Network crises
Central government communications in incidents and emergencies
Corporate communication
Theorizing crisis communication
The Issue Arena of a Corporate Social Responsibility Crisis : The Volkswagen Case in Twitter
Negotiation : communication for diverse settings
Crisis communications : a casebook approach
Communication model for reputational crisis in social media
Strategic communication in crisis management : lessons from the airline industry
International tourist's perceptions of safety and security : the role of social media
Observations on international tourism communications : Africa
Raising the corporate umbrella : corporate communication in the 21st century
Twitter as a tool in crisis communication in the European Union area
Information and Communication Support for Crisis Prevention and Management : SeNTRE WP5 Workshop, preparation for the 7th framework of the European Union, November 15, 2005, Brussels, Belgium
Ongoing crisis communication : planning, managing, and responding
In this article, citizens' communication habits and use of information and communication technologies during crises and emergencies are discussed from the perspective of community resilience. The topic is approached qualitatively by exploring citizens' perceptions, and the data were gathered by means of focus groups in storm-prone and flood-prone areas in Finland. The results indicate that citizens consider emergency communication to be mostly unidirectional: from authorities to the public. However, because crises are often complex and fast developing, cooperation among response organizations and citizen groups is needed to coproduce safety and in adapting to changing situations. Organizations wanting citizens to participate proactively in emergency management should raise citizens' awareness of the means and possibilities to contribute, because these informants' expectation that authorities would welcome their input was low. Based on the results, public participation could be supported further by credible actors, such as local volunteer organizations.
Reputation management : the key to successful public relations and corporate communication
Based on the theory of the Rhetorical Arena and the multivocal approach, this guide explores a new perspective on crisis communication, and what happens when external voices start communicating as a crisis breaks out.
Scandal. The complete third season
Crisis communication : practical PR strategies for reputation management and company survival
New wars, new media and new war journalism : professionalism and legal challenges in conflict reporting
Our research explored the use of social media among crisis and emergency management organizations and we present the main incentives and barriers experts perceive in social media adoption by such organizations. The data were gathered via an international online questionnaire sent to crisis communication and management experts. The results indicate that crisis and emergency management organizations use social media specifically to disseminate information to citizens but also increasingly to receive it from citizens. They are motivated to use social media because of the possibility for communicating through them directly, rapidly, and widely, as well as for building responsible relationships and situational awareness. Lack of knowledge, time, and role models for implementation, as well as inflexible and old-fashioned organizational culture, were the main barriers mentioned for not utilizing social media. Based on the results, further effort should be put into promoting the dissemination of knowledge, best practices, and experiences of using social media across the various actors and organizations providing crisis response.
Crisis informatics ; a literature review on the use of ICT during relief efforts in natural disaster management
Brand crisis in social media
Expert views on current and future use of social media among crisis and emergency management organizations : Incentives and barriers
Testing a methodology to improve organizational learning about crisis communication
Reporting on risks : the practice and ethics of health and safety communication
Crisis communication and the public health
Behavior and communication in CBRN crisis : findings and recommendations in case of chemical, biological, radiological, and nuclear attacks on society
Active shooter : preparing for and responding to a growing threat
Risk issues and crisis management : a casebook of best practice
Communication in a changing society dynamics, risks and uncertainty : proceedings of the 12th Euprera Congress, 23-24 September 2010 Jyväskylä, Finland
Global crisis reporting : journalism in the global age
Packed with case studies and ripped-from-the-headlines examples, Non-Profit Organizations: Real Issues for Public Administrators introduces critical issues commonly encountered when managing non-profit organizations and gives you the tools to develop policies and procedures to meet the challenges that arise when these issues occur. The authors use the case study methodology to explore decision-making issues and provide potential solutions. It provides an applied framework to use when managing a non-profit organization. The book provides case studies that range from unethical behavior to poor operational decisions to illegal activities in non-profit organizations. The authors discuss the events in phases and then identify what issues should concern the administrator and potential solutions to each phase of a case study. In addition, many of the case studies address more than one issue that threatened an organization’s finances and its credibility to its stakeholders and the public. Using the information in this book, you can create a checklist of issues that will help you and your organization avoid scandals or alleged criminal activity, and better defuse fallout if an incident occurs. It gives you a "safe" environment in which to "live" through a case study without suffering the consequences of lost resources, assets, or worse, public trust, for your organization in reality.
The psychology of conflict and conflict management in organizations
The handbook of crisis communication
Community Resilience in Crises : Technology and Social Media Enablers
The PR practitioner's desktop guide
Crisis management : planning for the inevitable
Crisis communications : a casebook approach. Instructor's manual
Citizens' communication habits and use of ICTs during crises and emergencies
Risk communication : a handbook for communicating environmental, safety and health risks
This fully-updated fifth edition includes real-life examples of current events such as the Japanese tsunami, the Gulf oil disaster, and Hurricane Irene, along with lessons learned from these events. The coverage also includes new chapters on public health campaigns, and on the use and effectiveness of social media such as blogging, video, and image sharing for risk communication purposes. Combing sound, scientific research with practical advice in an accessible format, this book is a must-read for practitioners, engineers, scientists, and public health agencies.
Non-profit organizations : real issues for public administrators
The public relations landscape has changed dramatically from what it was in 1989, when the original Public Relations Theory volume was published. Reflecting the substantial shifts in the intervening years, Public Relations Theory II, while related to the first volume, is more a new work than a revision. Editors Carl H. Botan and Vincent Hazleton have brought together key theorists and scholars in public relations to articulate the current state of public relations theory, chronicling the ongoing evolution of public relations as a field of study. The contributors to this volume represent the key figures in the discipline, and their chapters articulate the significant advances in public relations theory and research. Working from the position that public relations is a theoretically grounded and research based discipline with the potential to bring numerous areas of applied communication together, Botan and Hazleton have developed this volume to open up the public relations field to a broad variety of theories. Organized into two major sections--Foundations, and Tools for Tomorrow--the volume presents four types of chapters: discussions addressing how public relations should be understood and practiced; examinations of theories from other areas applied to public relations; explorations of theories about a specific area of public relations practice; and considerations of public relations theories and research that have not been given sufficient attention in the past or that hold particular promise for the future of public relations. It serves as a thorough overview of the current state of theory in public relations scholarship. Like its predecessor, Public Relations Theory II will be influential in the future development of public relations theory. Taken as a whole, the chapters in this book will help readers develop their own sense of direction for public relations theory.
The handbook of international crisis communication research
Manager's guide to crisis management
The role of broadcast media in disaster preparedness education : lessons learned in the scientific
Disaster communications in a changing media world
Crisis information management : communication and technologies
Scandal. The complete second season
Successful crisis communication  in the public sector: Communication experts’ views on best practices and quality
Communicating out of a crisis
Exploring public relations
Social media and crisis communication : acase study on Germanwings' and Lufthansa's use of social media in crisis communication
Communicating in hospital emergency departments
Physical security and environmental protection
Observations on international tourism communications : Asia and the Pacific : report from the regional conference on tourism communications, Bali, Indonesia, 20-21 May 2005
Responding to crisis : a rhetorical approach to crisis communication
Risk issues and crisis management in public relations : a casebook of best practice
Developing a crisis communication scorecard : outcomes of an international research project 2008-2011 (Ref.)
The handbook for school safety and security : best practices and procedures
Case studies in crisis communication : international perspectives on hits and misses
Successful crisis communication in the public sector : communication experts' views on best practices and quality
The crisis manager : facing disasters, conflicts and failures
The reputation of an organisation influences who we buy from, work for, supply to and invest in. This book outlines a comprehensive approach to managing situations that may turn into crises, and handling crises once they occur.
Public relations theory II
Media strategies for marketing places in crisis : improving the image of cities, countries and tourist destinations
Managing conflict in a negotiated world : a narrative approach to achieving dialogue and change
Risk issues and crisis management
Journalism and school shootings in Finland 2007-2008
Code red in the boardroom : crisis management as organizational DNA
Cultural meanings of news : a text-reader
Crisis and disaster management for tourism
The hyperspectral and smartphone technology in CBRNE countermeasures and defence
W. Timothy Coombs explains how crisis management can prevent or reduce the threats of a crisis, providing guidelines for how best to act and react in an emergency situation. Ongoing Crisis Communication: Planning, Managing, and Responding, Fourth Edition provides an integrated approach to crisis communication that spans various disciplines as well as the entire crisis management process. Drawing on firsthand experience in crisis management, Coombs uses a three-staged approach to crisis management - pre-crisis, crisis, and post-crisis. A truly integrative and comprehensive text, this book explains how crisis management can prevent or reduce the threats of a crisis, providing guidelines for how best to act and react in an emergency situation. It includes new coverage of social media, social networking sites, and terrorist threats and draws upon recent work from management, public relations, organizational psychology, marketing, organizational communication, and computer-mediated communication research. This new edition includes updated examples in every chapter to illustrate recent crises and the effect of crisis communication on the outcomes. New Crisis Leadership Competencies boxes in every chapter illustrate the essential skills needed to manage crisis communication effectively in a wide range of situations. Expanded coverage of social media throughout this new edition demonstrates its increasing impact on crisis communication and crisis management.
Crisis negotiations : managing critical incidents and hostage situations in law enforcement and corrections
Crisis, issues and reputation management
Speak with power and confidence : tested ideas for becoming a more powerful communicator
The impact of reporting traumatic events on journalists and photojournalists- : a training program for students of journalism
Communication and interaction in global politics
Information and communication support for crisis prevention and management : preparation for the 7th framework of the European Union ; editors: Jorma Kajava ... [et al.]
Based on the academic thinking alongside a range of professional, expert and insider views, this book brings together some of the most authoritative voices in the field today. It examines how the fast-changing nature of communications throws up new challenges but also new possibilities for humanitarian relief and intervention.
Crisis and internet networks
