http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18521 calculation models
calculation models
Computational techniques for fluid dynamics. 2, Specific techniques for different flow categories
Selection methods in plant breeding
Computability theory
Cost accounting vs. Cost management : Product costing for managerial decision making : Joint Stock Company "Apatite" (Russia)
Essentials of business statistics
Material cost calculation tool for NTM portfolio
Generic uncertainty model for DETRA for environmental consequence analyses : application and sample outputs
An introduction to ordinary differential equations
Cost Calculation model for work related accidents
Rationale for adopting activity-based costing in hospitals : three longitudinal case studies
Basic calculations for chemical and biological analysis
Chemical calculations
Automated formulation of optimisation models for steel beam structures
Simulation of ice rubble failure against a conical structure with arbitrary Lagrangian-Eulerian finite element method
Detecting trends of annual values of atmospheric pollutants by the Mann-Kendall test and Sen's slope estimates : the excel template applications Makesens
Second year calculus : from celestial mechanics to special relativity
Introduction to radiometry and photometry
Financial analysis
Taper curve and volume functions for pine, spruce and birch
Structural changes in a complex system : a chaos-analytic study of a nonlinear advertising policy
Astronomical formulae for calculators
Excel 2016 : in easy steps
Lecturing birds on flying : can mathematical theories destroy the financial markets?
Calculation system for large-scale forest inventory
Aging, health expenditure, proximity of death and income in Finland
Reliable control over approximation errors by functional type a posteriori estimates
Central banking, asset prices, and financial fragility
Market for votes
Financial reporting and statement analysis : a strategic perspective
Relative cost random access machines
Functions for variable density yield tables of pine based on temporary sample plots
Computational principles of mobile robotics
The mathematician and the DNA computer
This second edition of an Artech House classic title describes in detail the relationship between radiometry and photometry. It covers information needed to solve problems in radiation transfer and detection, detectors, measuring instruments, and concepts in colorimetry. This revised second edition presents an updated treatment of modern radiometry and photometry, including brand new sections on applications and developments in light sources and scientific instruments for measuring radiation and light. Engineers are also provided with an exciting new chapter on the use of computerized optical ray tracing for "virtual" experiments on optical systems. Market Optical engineers; electrical engineers; lighting designers.
Implementation of quality cost management tool in dyadic purchaser-provider relationship context
General theory of functions and integration
Electron spectroscopy of alkali metals
Water and wastewater calculations manual
Continuum electrostatics of biomolecular systems
Excel formulas & functions for dummies
A course in linear algebra with applications
Capacity and level of service at Finnish unsignalized intersections
A Computable Universe : Understanding and Exploring Nature as Computation
The site calculations pocket reference
The purpose of this Bachelor's thesis was to create a spur gear calculation tool with parametric 3d-model. This thesis contains information of the tool and the basics of gearing. The thesis was commissioned by Wärtsilä. There are several commercial gear calculation softwares on the market, but this tool is customized for Wärtsilä. The spur gear calculation tool is meant for calculating the geometry and the strength of external straight tooth spur gear with 20° pressure angle. The calculation results are used in a parametric spur gear model in the 3d-modelling program NX. The spur gear calculation tool is made with Microsoft Excel 2007. Wärtsilä has an extensive and large variety of gears due to the wide ranging engine portfolio and many different engine configurations. In consequence, plenty of time is used in gear designing and modelling. A typical design task is to design a new gear for an existing engine with different engine configuration or engine speed. The spur gear calculation tool covers most of the gear designing cases in Wärtsilä. The tool is not meant for accurate optimizing of the gears and in special cases a designer has to consult the research and calculation group. This calculation tool makes the designing easier and reduces the time used in gear designing and modelling. There are only few parameters which determine the geometry of a spur gear, but there are many equations involved, especially in the gear strength calculation. Also the 3d-models made with this tool are more realistic than before because of the involute functions in the parametric model. The spur gear calculation tool has not been widely tested by designers yet, but experiments have shown that it is a useful and simple tool for gear designing. Values of the input parameters can be chanced easily and the user will notice immediately if the geometry of a gear is optimal. The tool also gives information for the user and it will let the user know if the geometry is wrong or it could be better optimized.
The purpose of this Bachelor's thesis was to explore the possibilities to standardise the lashing eye plate arrangement locations on lashing bridges. The standard for lashing eye plate arrangements is intended for MacGREGOR's in-house standard on lashing bridge design. An attempt was also made to find a unified lashing bar length. By finding the unified lashing length for a bar, it could then be used in all lashing fittings on a bridge. A unified lashing bar would essentially decrease the quantity of different size lashing bars but also make all the lashing cases more compatible. The second part of the thesis is to produce a calculation tool -database and a manual to be able to explore all the lashing case lengths on different eye plate arrangement locations on both bridges. This effective multi-purpose database is intended to be used as a help when designing lashing bridges, lashing fittings and eye plate's arrangements. As a result, the lashing eye plate arrangements for both bridge types were specified. However, the ideal outcome for the unified lashing bar length could not be reached because of the total range of the lashing fittings. Creating and using the multi-purpose database was successful and worked as expected.
Application of computational methods for fermentative hydrogen production
Nonlinear advertising capital model : stable, periodic and chaotic behavior of goodwill
Petrochemical calculations : based on equivalents (methods of Paul Niggli)
Endogenous timing of investments yields modified Stackelberg outcomes
A guide to Microsoft Excel 2016 covers such topics as the ribbon interface, managing data, formulas and functions, tables, charts, macros, templates and scenarios, and links and connections.
New aspects of river runoff calculations
ph : the interacive pH calculator
Production cycle optimization in a paper board supply chain
Financial models and simulation
Computational techniques for fluid dynamics. 1, Fundamental and general techniques
Novel approaches to image reconstruction in diffusion tomography
Modeling of mechanical behavior of amorphous glassy polymers
Coolability of porous core debris beds : effects of bed geometry and multidimensional flooding
The process of designing and implementing an activity-based   costing model at Häme polytechnic international business degree programme
Regulatory dispersion modelling in Finland
The ideal model and practice of accounting and budgeting in municipalities
A basal area-mean tree method in forest inventory
Advanced studies on the complexity of formal languages
Asymptotic expansions for ordinary differential equations
Excel data analysis for dummies
Standard lashing eye plate arrangements on lashing bridges : for unified lashing bar length
Dosage calculations for veterinary nurses and technicians
Theory of approximation
Reduced-reference methods for measuring quality attributes of natural images in imaging systems
Computational intelligence in reliability engineering
Rationale for adopting activity-based costing in hospitals:three longitudinal case studies
Modelling water flow and soil erosion in clayey, subsurface drained agricultural fields
A method for estimating the volume and taper curve of tree stem and for preparing volume functions and tables
Calculations for veterinary nurses
Efficient numerical methods for pricing American options
Vacuum technology : calculations in chemistry
Engineering vibration
VDI 2078 : Berechnung der Kuhllast klimatisierter Räume (VDI-Kuhllsatregeln) = Cooling load calculations of air-conditioned rooms (VDI cooling load regulations)
Creating a customer profitability accounting model
Problem solving using parallel computation and its application to the modified stokesian dynamics method
Theory of functions
Distributed methods and processes in games of incomplete information
Carbon footprint calculators for public procurement
Functional analysis
Partial differential equations : an introduction
Measurement and modeling the evapotranspiration of a Scots pine forest
Computational methods and models for paleoecology
Computational methods for fluid dynamics
Evolutionary algorithms in nonlinear model identification
Cost calculation model for work related accidents
Financial statement analysis : a practitioner's guide
Spur gear calculation tool
Analysis of errors caused by incomplete knowledge of material data in mathematical models of elastic media
Schaumś outline of theory and problems of mathematics of finance
Outer space influence on the low and middle polar atmosphere
Numerical modeling of two-fluid interfacial flows
Calculation of the critical crack size for cold form rectangular hollow section tube (CFRHS) under bending load at -400C temperature
Dynamic systems and control with applications
Generative social science : studies in agent-based computational modeling
Readings in international accounting
Reinforced concrete design
Variational principle and bifurcations in stability analysis of panels
Concepts, techniques, and models of computer programming
"An updated guide to the essential discipline of financial statement analysis. In Financial Statement Analysis, Fourth Edition, leading investment authority Martin Fridson returns with Fernando Alvarez to provide the analytical framework you need to scrutinize financial statements, whether you're evaluating a company's stock price or determining valuations for a merger or acquisition. This fully revised and up-to-date Fourth Edition offers fresh information that will help you to evaluate financial statements in today's volatile markets and uncertain economy, and allow you to get past the sometimes biased portrait of a company's performance. Reflects changes in the financial reporting landscape, including issues related to the financial crisis of 2008-2009. Provides guidelines on how to interpret balance sheets, income statements, and cash flow statements. Offers information for maximizing the accuracy of forecasts and a structured approach to credit and equity evaluation. Filled with real-life examples and expert advice, Financial Statement Analysis, Fourth Edition will help you gain a firm understanding of the techniques that will help you interpret financial statements, which are designed to conceal more than reveal."--
Developing a new model of spreadsheet calculation : a goals and plans approach
Minimum order quantity in case company : tools and rules for calculation
Fundamentals of computational fluid dynamics
Galois theory
Measuring national logistics costs : designing a generic model for assessing national logistics costs in global context
Domain decomposition method for Boltzmann transport equation related to radiation treatment dose calculation
Riemann's zeta function
Computation in living cells : gene assembly in ciliates
Introduction to partial differential equations and Hilbert space methods
