http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18543 European identity
European identity
Engaging Europe : rethinking a changing continent
Images of Europe and "Europeanness" in contemporary Russian media texts
Idea of European federation and the resistance - the federal ideas in the statements of the Italian resistenza and Altiero Spinelli, in particular
A European education : citizenship, identities and young people
"What's Queer about Europe focuses on those queer types of artistic, political or theoretical exchanges that take place in the presence of the idea of Europe. This book is not about queer communities in Europe but about how Queer Theory helps us initiate counter-intuitive encounters for imagining Europe"--
The force of reason
What is Europe?
The long quest for identity : political identity and fundamental rights protection in the European Union
Cosmopolitanism and the postnational : literature and the new Europe
Cosmopolitan spaces : Europe, globalization, theory
Interpretations of cultural identities in the European Capital of Culture events in Turku
Breathing under water : and other East European essays
Introduction to social psychology : a European perspective
Citizens of Europe? : the emergence of a mass European identity
The Habsburgs as predecessors of Europeism : the case of the Order of the Golden Fleece
Is there hope for Europe? - to be liberated from US domination
An anthropology of the European Union : building, imagining and experiencing the new Europe
Consumer behaviour : a European perspective
Mimesis and empire : the New World, Islam, and European identities
Getting over Europe : the construction of Europe in Serbian culture
The European Union's emerging international identity : views from the global arena
"What is Europe? What are the contents of the concept of Europe? And what defines European identity? Instead of only asking these classical questions, this volume also explores who asks these questions, and who is addressed with such questions. Who answers the questions, from which standpoints and for what reasons? Which philosophical, historical, religious or political traditions influence the answers? This book addresses its task in three parts. The first concentrates on the controversies around the meaning of Europe. The second focuses on the role of the European Union. The third discusses Europe and its relations to different types of otherness, or rather, non-European-ness. The volume produces a complex and plural picture of the concepts, ideas, debates and (ex)changes associated with the concept of Europe, and has a clear significance for today's debates on European identity, Europeanization, and the EU. "--
Discontented geopolitics of other European spaces
Europe in crisis : intellectuals and the European idea, 1917-1957
Southern perspectives on the North : legends, stereotypes, images and models
A shared European history? : perceptions of imperialism and islam in matriculation examination essays and history textbooks
Anticipatory and adaptive Europeanization in Hungary
"In this concluding volume, the series editor discusses education about Europe, how education contributes to the construction of the identities of young people in contemporary Europe, and the education that might be thought necessary in order to 'be a European'. Starting from the premise that concepts such as identity, citizenship, nation and Europe are inventions or constructions made by and shared with members of a particular society, this book reflects on current changes in society, and particularly European society, and how these affect the way in which young people conceptualise and construct their identities and their social relationships with their societies."--BOOK JACKET.
Changing European identities : social psychological analyses of social change
Concepts of locality, regionality and Europeanness in Tallinn, Turku and  Pécs as European capitals of culture
Civics and European education at the primary and secondary level
In recent years postnational theory has become a primary tool for the analysis of European integration. Though interpretations of the concept vary, there is a wide consensus about postnationalism as a way to forge a European identity beyond a particular national history. In line with the German historical context in which this key concept was formulated in the first place, postnationalism is considered to be an adaptation of Kantian cosmopolitanism to the conditions of the modern world. This collection of essays is the first to systematically and comparatively explore the links between postnationalism and cosmopolitanism within the context of the New Europe.
The East and the idea of Europe
Transnational heritage in the making : strategies for narrating cultural heritage as European in the intergovernmental initiative of the European heritage label
My Europe : personal impressions and experiences
Conflicted memories : europeanizing contemporary histories
Politics and the other scene
A European foreign policy? : role conceptions and the politics of identity in Britain, France and Germany
Global openess or fundamentalism? : Baltic youth in the internet
The meanings of Europe : changes and exchanges of a contested concept
Saint-Petersburg : Russian, European and beyond
Does transnational family background foster territorial self-identification and cross-border interactions among EU citizens? : a quantitative analysis of the relationship between European identity, transnational interactions, and transnational family background
Ideologies of Eastness in Central and Eastern Europe
Culture and management in a changing Europe
Book reviews & review articles
Political learning and citizenship in Europe
The divided West
Contextualizing changes : migrations, shifting borders and new identities in Eastern Europe
Diverging parallels : a comparison of American and European thought and action
Borders, nations and states : frontiers of sovereignty in the new Europe
Unpacking Europe : towards a critical reading : Museum Boijmans Van Beuningen, Rotterdam, 13.12.2001 - 24.02.2002 / compiled and edited by Salah Hassan, Iftikhar Dadi
Europe : a Nietzschean perspective
The new Vichy syndrome : why European intellectuals surrender to barbarism
Museum Europa : the European cultural heritage between economics and politics
Beyond hegemony : "Europe" and the politics of non-Western elites, 1900-1930
Entangled identities : nations and Europe
European patterns : links and comparisons in contemporary history
Worlds at war : the 2,500-year struggle between East and West
Food, drink and identity in Europe
Ideas of/for Europe : an interdisciplinary approach to European identity
The idea of Europe in Husserl's phenomenology : a study in generativity and historicity
Controlling Europe : immigration versus European identity
Europolis : constitutional patriotism beyond the nation-state
Europe as the other : external perspectives on European Christianity
Exploring European identities
Regions in Central and Eastern Europe : past and present
The concept of the universal was born in the lands we now call Europe, yet it is precisely the universal that is Europe's undoing. All European politics is caught in a tension: to assert a European identity is to be open to multiplicity, but this very openness could dissolve Europe as such. This book reflects on Europe and its changing boundaries over the span of twenty centuries. A work of philosophy, it consistently draws on concrete events. From ancient Greece and Rome, to Christianity, to the Reformation, to the national revolutions of the twentieth century, what we today call "Europe" has been a succession of projects in the name of ecclesia or community. Empire, Church, and EU: all have been constructed in contrast to an Oriental "other." The stakes of Europe, then, are as much metaphysical as political. Redefining a series of key concepts such as world, place, transportation, and the common, this book sheds light on Europe as process by engaging with the most significant philosophical debates on the subject, including the work of Marx, Husserl, Heidegger, Patocka, and Nancy.
Democracy reconsidered : the prospects of its theory and practice during internationalisation : Britain, France, Sweden, and the EU
History, memory, and trans-European identity : unifying divisions
The art of adaptation : a study on the europeanization of Finland's foreign and security policy
"What's Queer about Europe? examines how queer theory helps us initiate disorienting conjunctions and counterintuitive encounters for imagining historical and contemporary Europe. This book queers Europe and Europeanizes queer, forcing a reconsideration of both. Its contributors study Europe relationally, asking not so much what Europe is but what we do when we attempt to define it. The topics discussed include: gay marriage in Renaissance Rome, Russian anarchism and gender politics in early-twentieth-century Switzerland, colonialism and sexuality in Italy, queer masculinities in European popular culture, queer national identities in French cinema, and gender theories and activism. What these apparently disparate topics have in common is the urgency of the political, legal, and cultural issues they tackle. Asking what is queer about Europe means probing the blind spots that continue to structure the long and discrepant process of Europeanization"--
Borderline cases : the ethnic frontiers of European integration
We Europeans? : mass-observation, 'race' and British identity in the twentieth century
The past in the present : a multidisciplinary approach
Europe through the prism of Japan : sixteenth to eighteenth centuries
The Mediterranean : cradle of European culture
Interlocking dimensions of European integration
The Baltic Sea region in the European Union : reflections on identity, soft-security and marginality
European, national and regional identity : proceedings of the international conference "European, national and regional identity"
Europeanization and national politics
Normative stories of the formative moment : construction of Estonian national identity in Postimees during the EU accession process
Good quality student exchange experience. Views of different actors involved in the Erasmus exchange
The narcissism of minor differences : how America and Europe are alike : an essay in numbers
"What is Europe? Where does it begin and end? Who is a European? These questions have long been debated but never more so than in the early 21st century. Anna Triandafyllidou and Ruby Gropas show that there can be no single definition of Europe but that a lot can be learned from addressing its diverse meanings"--
Developing identities in Europe : citizenship education and higher education = Développer les identités en Europe : formation civique et enseignement supérieur = Sich entwickelnde Identitäten in Europa : Staatsbürgerschaftskunde und Weiterbildung
Europe, idea of
Constructing the path to eastern enlargement : the uneven policy impact of EU identity
Memorylands : heritage and identity in Europe today
Africa in Europe : studies in transnational practice in the long twentieth century
Conflicted memories : Europeanizing contemporary histories
'I am Europe' : experiences of multiple belonging
The unbearable lightness of being European : a discourse analytical study about the construction of the European Union and its citizens
Patterns of Europeanisation in Central and Eastern Europe
Political symbolism and European integration
"Bringing together a wide collection of primary documents, this is an essential reader on the idea of 'Europe' from antiquity to the twentieth century. Including classic texts from antiquity alongside rare and newly translated material, this critical collection is an invaluable resource for students of European history and identity"--
National character and European identity in Hungarian literature 1772-1848
The member states of the European Union
"Blairism" : a beacon for Europe : round table discussion on the future of the European welfare states : a seminar jointly organised by the London Schools of Economics, the New Statesman and the Finnish Institute in London 29 May 1998
European identity
Rethinking Europe : social theory and the implications of europeanization
Ambivalent Europeans : ritual, memory, and the public sphere in Malta
Inventing Europe : idea, identity, reality
Oponthoud : kunstenaars op de grens van het oude en nieuwe Europa = Delay : artists on the border between old and new Europe : Museum Boijmans van Beuningen, Rotterdam [28.8. - 7.11.2004] / Wilma Sutö, Lex ter Braak, Michael Zeeman ; [redactie = editing Els Brinkman]
Artificial Africa in the European avant-garde : Marinetti and Tzara
The future of the nation state : essays on cultural pluralism and political integration
Becoming Europeans in Central Eastern Europe : national identity construction after 2004
Biti iz/van : ka redefinisanju kulturnog identiteta Srbije = To be from/out : towards the redefinition of the cultural identity of Serbia
"Discusses the cultural history of Europe from prehistory to the modern day. Includes illustrations, maps and case studies"--
About Europe : philosophical hypotheses
Towards European idea in education
The European geographical imagination : Hettner-Lecture 2006
Bordering with culture(s) : Europeanization and cultural agency at the external border of the European Union
Modern Europe : place, culture and identity
Signifying Europe
Scholarly discussion as engineering the meanings of a European cultural heritage
Globalisation and Europeanisation in education
Under Eastern eyes : a comparative introduction to East European travel writing on Europe
What's queer about Europe? : productive encounters and re-enchanting paradigms
Schemas for self-identification in boundary defining practice : the construction of subject positions in the caricature controversy
Finding Europe : discourses on margins, communities, images ca. 13th - ca. 18th centuries
Europe, nations and modernity
A periphery extending into Europe? : a study of the politics of education within higher education reform in Georgia
The new Europe at the crossroads
Across cultural borders : historiography in global perspective
Deconstructing Europe : postcolonial perspectives
Europe meets the east: analysing troublesome questions of the European eastern dimension and its borders
EU foreign policy and the Europeanization of neutral states : comparing Irish and Austrian foreign policy
Views on Europe : Europe and German painting in the Nineteenth century
The concept and tradition of the "enemy" in the light of European politics and integration
The North Atlantic civilization
Global citizenship : a critical introduction
Perceptions of the European Union in new member states : a comparative perspective
European francophonie : the social, political and cultural history of an international prestige language
Transnationalism in the Balkans
The cultural realm of European integration : social representations in France, Spain and the United Kingdom
Imagining Europe : Europe and European civilization as seen from its margins and by the rest of the world, in the nineteenth and twentieth centuries
Our time : Europe in the age of global networks and flowing identities
The Europeanisation of Europe
Flights to and from Byzantium : the dynamics of "Byzantine" and "European" in Russian historical imagination
Emerging identities among young children : European issues
Thinking European(s) : new geographies of place, cultures and identities
Memory and utopia : the primacy of intersubjectivity
The concept of Asia
Francophone Afropean literatures
Formations of European modernity : a historical and political sociology of Europe
European identity : a historical reader
