http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18524 power economy
power economy
Environment and technology in the former USSR : the case of acid rain and power generation
Topical issues in nuclear safety : proceedings of an International Conference on Topical Issues in Nuclear Safety organized by the International Atomic Energy Agency and held in Vienna, 3-6 September 2001.
Three approaches to the economics of inter-municipal migration
Policy and economic performance in divided Korea during the Cold War era : 1945-91
Siting procedures for major energy facilities : some national cases
Economic influences on migration in Sweden
Energy policies : Czech and Slovak Federal Republic : 1992 survey
The introduction of hydraulic turbines and its socio-economic setting in Finland, 1840-1940
Military expenditure in Third World countries : the economic effects
Handbook of labor economics. Vol. 3A
The economics and uncertainties of nuclear power
Technology shocks and employment in open economies
The electricity market round the Baltic Sea : opportunities for cooperation with the Nordic countries
Econometric analyses of family labour supply over the life cycle using U.S. panel data
New Electricity 21 : power industry technology and management strategies for the twenty-first century, Tokyo, Japan, 12th-14th May 1992 : conference proceedings
Energy, environment and natural resources management in the Baltic Sea Region : 4th International Conference on System Analysis, [Tallinn, 1993]
Social costs of energy consumption : external effects of electricity generation in the Federal Republic of Germany
Handbook of labor economics. Vol. 3C
World energy resources
A portrait of Finnish cities, towns and functional urban regions : the Finnish urban indicators system
International cooperation for rational use of energy in industry : proceedings of an International Seminar on Rational Use of Energy in Industry organized by the Latin American Energy Organization, the International Energy Agency, the Ministry of Energy and Mines of the Republic of Peru, and the Commission of the European Communities : Lima, 4-8 July 1983
Structural change, wage formation and economic growth in low-income countries
Empirical life cycle models of labour supply and consumptio n
Electric power engineering handbook. Power system stability and control
The economics of energy
Study of the European market for industrial nuclear power stations for the mixed production of steam and electricity : summary report
Electrical imperialism or multinational cooperation? : the role of big business in supplying light and power to St. Petersburg before 1917.
Energiatalous : Suomi 1:1000000 = Energiförsörjning : Finland 1:1000000 = Energy production and supply : Finland 1:1000000
Energy policies : Hungary : 1991 survey
Energy economics and policy
The siting of major energy facilities
Handbook of labor economics. Vol. 4B
Global energy : the changing outlook
Executive summary (s. 13-20).
Labour reallocation in transition countries : efficiency, restructuring and institutions
Energy in world history
Forestry workers : an international survey
Finnish energy economy up to 2025 : some development paths : executive summary
The development of the coal transportation system in the nineteeneighties and nineties
Energy visions 2030 for Finland
Summary (s. 9-13).
Electric power engineering handbook. Power systems
Energy law 8́6 = Proceedings of the international Bar Association seminar Munich 1986.
Projected costs of generating electricity : 2005 update
Energy research pertaining to buildings in Finland : summary report, August 1981
The usefulness of foresight data for future planning
Decision support for resource allocation in procurement of army materiel
Consuming power : a social history of American energies
Growth and profitability of logging and transportation in wood procurement companies in Finland : what strategies and entrepreneurs are needed for profitable growth?
The economics of military expenditures : military expenditures, economic growth and fluctuations : proceedings of a conference held by the International Economic Association in Paris, France
Finnish energy engineering and know-how for development
Sähkön siirron hinnoittelu : sähkömarkkinalain taustaselvitys = Network pricing in the Finnish electricity supply industry
Tomorrow's energy : hydrogen, fuel cells and the prospects for a cleaner planet
Environment, energy, Europe : an investment for now and the future
Developing best practices for promoting private sector investment in infrastructure. Power
Handbook of labor economics. Vol. 4A
Transnational corporations in the power equipment industry
Energy visions 2050.
Intraregional labour mobility and agricultural development in the Near East : phenomenon, impact and policy implications
Summary (s. 11-15).
Work, family and the state : child labour and the organization of production in the British cotton industry 1780-1920
Domestic labour relations in India : Vulnerability and gendered life courses in Jaipur
Finnish energy technology : peat and bioenergy, power generation, electrification
What new tools and models are enriching labor economics? "Developments in Research Methods and their Application" (volume 4A) summarizes recent advances in the ways economists study wages, employment, and labor markets. Mixing conceptual models and empirical work, contributors cover subjects as diverse as field and laboratory experiments, program evaluation, and behavioral models. The combinations of these improved empirical findings with new models reveal how labor economists are developing new and innovative ways to measure key parameters and test important hypotheses. This title investigates recent advances in methods and models used in labor economics. It demonstrates what these new tools and techniques can accomplish. It documents how conceptual models and empirical work explain important practical issues.
Microeconomics : principles and policy
Et effektivt kraftmarked : konsekvenser for kraftkrevende næringer og regioner
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja 2008 = Landbrukstatistik årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics
Abstract (s. 5).
Power system economics : : designing markets for electricity
Heat pump systems : a technology review
Modern labor economics : theory and public policy
Essays on regional development and labor mobility in a knowledge-based economy
U.S. agriculture and foreign workers : an annotated bibliography
Children's work in the livestock sector : herding and beyond
Labor and rainfed agriculture in West Asia and North Africa
Essays on household time allocation decisions in a collective household model
What factors affect the ways individuals participate in labor markets? "New Developments and Research on Labor Markets" (volume 4B) proposes answers to this and other questions on important topics of public policy. Leading labor economists demonstrate how better data and advanced experiments help them apply economic theory, yielding sharper analyses and conclusions. The combinations of these improved empirical findings with new models enable the authors of these chapters to reveal how labor economists are developing new and innovative ways to measure key parameters and test important hypotheses. This title concentrates on empirical research in specific labor markets, including those defined by age, gender, and race. It reveals how questions and answers about these markets have changed and how models measure them. It documents how conceptual models and empirical work explain important practical issues.
Brazil : strengthening governance for growth
Studies on the spatial concentration of human capital
Distribution automation in Finland : final report of the research programme 1990-1992
Economic Growth Rate May Be High in Spite of a Decreasing Working-age Population in Finland
Background report prepared [for the Tripartite Technical Meeting on the Timber Industry] First, second, third and fourth item on the agenda
Electric energy : an introduction
Report on Russian timber camps
This article examines the possibilities for the growth of real income in Finland in a situation where the population is aging at a record rate. In contrast to other European countries, no larger age groups were born in Finland after the 1940s. Therefore, the labor force will decrease in long run, even though an abundant amount of labor reserves still exist in Finland after the exceptionally deep economic depression experienced in the previous decade. Finlands real income has been calculated as the product of the labor input and productivity per hour worked. The rate of change in productivity has been estimated on the basis of the historical development of labor productivity. On the basis of an analysis of labor input and productivity per hour worked, the real income of Finland per capita could rise to one-and-a-half times what it is now in one decade and a half, even if the working-age population decreased markedly and even if the number of hours worked per employed person declined at the traditional rate. Increasing immigration is not the only solution to the challenges of an aging and diminishing working-age population. By employing domestic labor reserves and improving productivity, reasonable economic growth rate can be achieved and at the same time the problems caused by uncontrolled immigration can be avoided.  .
Occupational safety and health in forestry operations
Essays on labor supply and poverty : a microeconometric application
Enhancing organizational ambidexterity of the Finnish Defence Forces' supply chain management
Manpower in the tourist industry in Finland : knowing is future
Large worker flows in the Finnish economy
Abstract: The common Vuoksi : human-environment interaction in the Vuoksi river valley from 1800 to present.
On the significance of the river Tornio for energy economy
The arcane of reproduction : housework, prostitution, labor and capital
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja 2014 = Landbrukstatistik årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics
Viewed in the light of Finland's employment and unemployment figures, the labour market impact of the weak economic performance of recent years would appear so far to be less than feared. These aggregate-level figures do not, however, reveal anything about changes between sectors or worker flows. The present article explores the labour market's internal dynamics and worker flows. Our aim is to take an overview of the dynamics of the Finnish labour market that lie behind the typically reported aggregate figures. We also use worker flows to explain observed changes in unemployment. In addition to this, the article presents the results achieved when probit analysis is used to study labour market flows..
International labour migration from Vietnam : research to develop
English abstract.
The effects of R&D cooperation and labour mobility on innovation
Stray voltages in agriculture : workshop, August 10-11 1983 , Sheraton Ritz Hotel, Minneapolis, MN
Executive summary (s. 11-14).
The science of energy : a cultural history of energy physics in Victorian Britain
"Along with the standard topics of power electronics and electromechanical conversion, this popular text covers energy resources, power plants, environmental impacts of power generation, power system operation, renewable energy, and electrical safety. Focusing on issues encountered daily in practice, the author includes examples based on real systems and data. Now in color, this third edition offers new and expanded coverage on the failure modes of nuclear power plants, interface and integration issues, stray voltage and impulse shocks, the circuits in wind and solar systems, and smart grid technology"--
The Finnish energy strategy : a proposal of the Energy Policy Council
Benign energy? : the environmental implications of renewables
"The Korean peninsula during the Cold War provided a cruel but historically unparalleled real-world "experiment" in the relationship between polity and material advance: an ethnically and culturally homogenous nation was, in 1945, suddenly divided by an arbitrary boundary line and then subjected to two radically different and adversarial political economies for successive decades on end. Assessing the competition between the North and South Korean economies from partition to the end of the Soviet era, Nicholas Eberstadt argues that the storyline is not quite as simple as the now-prevailing narrative suggests (that centrally-planned economies are doomed to fail against market-oriented alternatives). Rather, he suggests, the race for material progress was just that: a race, the results of which were far from preordained at the outset. In Policy and Economic Performance in Divided Korea during the Cold War Era: 1945-91, Eberstadt presents an impressive compilation of hard-to-find comparative data on economic performance for the Democratic People's Republic of Korea (DPRK, or North Korea) and the Republic of Korea (ROK, or South Korea) over two critical generations. By a number of indicators, Eberstadt argues, Kim Il Sung's North Korea actually outperformed South Korea for much of this period -- not only in the years immediately following partition, but perhaps also into the 1970s. To explain these surprising results, Eberstadt details the impact of government policies on the course of growth of both economies and offers some unorthodox observations about material performance under these two contending polities. He finds that prevailing economic development theory on such issues as planned-versus-market economies, military burden, and the relationship between material advance and poverty, may require reexamination in light of the experience of the two Koreas between partition and the end of the Cold War." --Back cover.
The Soviet defence enigma : estimating costs and burden
Forty years of uranium resources, production and demand in perspective : "The Red Book retrospective"
District heating research in Finland : report on the research programme 1988-1993
Summary (s. 93-101).
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja 2014 = Landbrukstatistisk årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics
