http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18532 environmental studies
environmental studies
eHealth and new learning environments in social and health care education
Investigating roads
Is school a better environment than home for digital game-based learning? : the case of Graphogame
The systemic cognition of e-learning success in internationally operating organizations
Design of a virtual learning environment for students with special needs
Does space matter? : students' and teachers' perceptions on their modernized language classroom as a learning environment
School, Culture and Well-Being ArctiChildren Research and Development Findings from Northern Finland, Sweden and Norway, and North-West Russia
Teachers' conceptions and their approaches to teaching in virtual reality and simulation-based learning environments
Creating a learning environment that supports multiculturalism : case: Dynamo Campus
In educational political discussions diversity is approached as a challenge connected to cognitive,  linguistic, cultural, ethnic or sex questions. The greatest obstacles of inclusion are connected to  attitudes towards diversity. Vocational education in Finland is striving to create learning environments,  schools, educational organizations, work life and possibilities to include mixed ability students  according to inclusive ideology. Implementing those principles is supported by commitment, new  pedagogical solutions, curricula, learning environments, flexible and individual learning paths and  teachers' professional competencies. The aim is to make special needs students study together with  fellow students in an environment suitable to learning and studying, despite different starting points.  The number of special needs students has increased in vocational institutes. All teachers should have  special pedagogical preparedness in teacher education.  The research questions were:  1. What kind of experiences do teachers have for teaching/ guiding special needs students in an  inclusive learning environment at vocational secondary level?  2. What kind of competences do teachers think they are expected to have in teaching/ guiding special  needs students at vocational secondary level?  3. What kind of experiences do vocational teachers have to support special needs students in practice?  The research material consisted of semi-structured thematic interviews of seven (N=7) vocational  teachers in 2015 – 2016 from five various fields of science, with professional experience ranging from  5 to 28 years. The interviews were transcribed word for word.  The analyzing method was qualitative contents analysis. Attention was paid to similarities and  differences of opinions. Efforts were made to create a global and clear picture of the phenomenon to  be studied. Thus this research aims at the interpretation of individual experiences.  The research outcomes show that vocational teachers experience daily activities positively in inclusive  learning environments. Efforts of education organizers are praised for special pedagogical solutions,  various forms of support and guidance. The significance of a teacher's personal attitude to students'  progress is also clearly observable. Although the work is challenging and requires giving up traditional  teacher roles, experiences of success are rewarding and encouraging. Teachers feel that when a worry  appears, the matters must be grabbed immediately.
Abstract.
Investigating grasslands, hedges & trees
Healthcare facilitators' and students' conceptions of teaching and learning : an international case study
Elements of visual design in the landscape
Facilitators' and students' conceptions of teaching and learning in simulation-based learning environment
Towards meaningful simulation-based learning with medical students and junior physicians
Investigating weather
Pedagogical design and pedagogical usability of web-based learning environments : comparative cultural implications from Africa and Europe
Neothemi : cultural heritage and ICT at a glance
An early start to nature
Neothemi : cultural heritage and ICT : theory & practice
Fieldwork in action. 3, Managing out-of-classroom activities
E-learning and communication in teachers' training project: case: ADAPTYKES project
Collaborative knowledge construction in authentic school contexts
Education about and through technology:in search of more appropriate pedagogical approaches to technology education
Clinical learning environment and supervision : development and validation of the CLES evaluation scale
Nature and nurture : the problem of the future : a presidential address : with two plates of pedigree
Creating the theory of virtual learning environments : an example of a language forum
Essentials of online course design : a standards-based guide
Essential readings in environmental education
Teaching maritime studies
Learning environment of Exertus control systems
ICT in Chilean schools : students' and teachers' access to and use of ICT
Innovative entrepreneurship education in the Nordic-Russian context : project report
Digital storytelling for HIV and AIDS education in Africa
Key indicators of child and youth well-being : completing the picture
Explorations : a guide to field work in the primary school
In search for the conceptual origin of university students' community in a confluence of on- and offline learning environments / ethnographies in technology-rich, multi-sited fields of study
An autobiographical narrative about my teaching experiences and priorities: Visualizing Bangladeshi and Finnish experiences
Innovative Learning
New ideas in environmental education
Students' problem solving in the LEGO/Logo learning environment
Analyzing and enhancing the image and content of online courses for non-Finnish students and non-Finnish courses at TAMK and amk.fi portal
"Exercise Was Just a Way Modifying My Body." : Exercise Dependence and Orthorexia among Students in Kainuu Region: A Quantitative Study
Energy consumption of workstations and external devices in school of business and information technology
Learnability makes things click : a grounded theory approach to the software product evaluation
Chinese target market research for virtual reality technology  in education field
Benchmarking e-learning in higher education : lessons learned from international projects
Development of virtual learning material
Parallel learning between the classroom and the field using location-based communication techniques
Opening the primary classroom
Learning through collaborative gaming : a process-oriented pedagogy?
The changing faces of virtual education
Stressful, important and rewarding : How higher education students experience learning in different environments
New school ties : social capital and cultural knowledge creation in multicultural learning environments
Education about and through technology : in search of more appropriate pedagogical approaches to technology education
"The book is a collection of Bamberger's papers from 1970 to 2010."
Vocational Teacher's Competence in Inclusive Learning Environment
Sunship(TM) earth : an earth education program getting to know your place in space
E-learning 2.0 technologies and web applications in higher education
Campus futurus:perspectives on learning and technology
Playful learning environments : effects on children's learning
Dimensions of university student learning in medicine and pharmacy
Investigating town and village patterns
This collection of critical essays, originally published in "Pragmatics and Society" 1:2 (2010), discusses how normative biases that shape our relation to the world are constructed through discursive practice in media discourse. The intertextual perspective it adopts is crucial for our understanding of how media representations of speakers and languages shape many of our preconceptions of others. Mediatization is inherently intertextual; the very nature of this process involves extracting the speech behavior of particular speakers or groups from a highly specific context and refracting and reshaping it to be inserted in another stream of representation. The notion of intertextuality becomes a useful concept for the linguistic anthropological study of media discourse in the context of modernity, as it provides us with a tool for exploring the semiotic processes that underlie the way in which the media negotiate and reinscribe the complex relationships of identity that characterize late modern subjecthood.
Integrating educational technology into English teacher education : a descriptive study on the experiences of Finnish student teachers of English after participation in a web-conferencing project
Transformative learning in practice : insights from community, workplace, and higher education
"The first curricular-focused outdoor learning textbook for prospective and practising K-12 teachers, this book provides both academic justification and practical support for educators working in a wide variety of environments and with diverse populations of students to incorporate more meaningful outdoor learning opportunities into their daily teaching activities. Learning Outside the Classroom is not a set of prescriptive activities that can be read and used uncritically. The idea of adaptation for personal relevance is central. All teachers are capable of enhancing their students' learning experiences by systematically and progressively incorporating ventures outside the classroom into their lessons. The principles and examples presented in this book are intended to be adapted by teachers to suit the needs of their students in ways that draw upon content offered by the local landscape and its natural and built heritage. Nor is this book just about outdoor learning; it's about good teaching -- wherever it takes place. It is about helping teachers devise and use the tools with which they can address the largely uncontested assumption that legitimate learning only occurs within four walls. Learning outside the classroom affords teachers the privilege of helping and the joy of observing students in a process of intellectual, emotional, and social growth that can last a lifetime"-- Provided by publisher.
Activating housing environment for people with learning disabilities. : From the perspective of Lyhty's service users and their families
Enterprise portals in e-learning : [welcome to e-learning]
Multisensory environments in social care : participation and empowerment in sociocultural multisensory work
Chinese target market research for virtual reality technology in education field
This study investigated how the use of an online reading game differs in home and school environments. First and second graders (N = 194) participated in an 8-week training during which they used the reading program GraphoGame either at home or at school under the supervision of parents or teachers. Child participants were recommended by parents and teachers recruited from the list of GraphoGame users, and adults decided whether the training took place at home or at school. We measured the frequency and duration of playing, children's engagement, development of reading skill and reading interest, and adult supportive involvement. The results revealed that children who played GraphoGame at school showed higher engagement and used it more frequently than players at home. Although teachers were more involved in the children's playing than were parents, only parental involvement was significantly associated with a child's engagement during training and the child's learning outcomes.
In Hip Hop Genius, Sam Seidel introduces an iteration of hip-hop education that goes far beyond the usual approach of studying rap music as classroom content and looks instead at deeply honoring the knowledge of urban students.
Investigating local streets and shops
Environmental systems : an introductory text
Living in the environment : principles, connections, and solutions
Investigating pollution and conservation
Towards science education for sustainable development in developing countries : a study of Ethiopia, Ghana and Nigeria
Characteristics of value co-creation in a learning environment by service design and service-dominant frameworks
Fieldwork in action. 4, Primary fieldwork projects
Perspectives from Finland : towards new learning environments
Multi-sensory environments in the classroom provide a wealth of stimulating learning experiences for all young children whose senses are still under development. This highly practical guide to creating and using multi-sensory environments is packed full of ideas for low-cost, easy to assemble multi-sensory environments, accompanied with suggestion for use with clear learning outcomes, also linked to the P levels for children with special educational needs.
Discovering the musical mind : a view of creativity as learning
Learning about patient safety in pre-registration nursing education : comparing Finnish and British nursing students' evaluations
Two information retrieval learning environments : their design and evaluation
Abstract: Finnish Air Force cadets in network : experience in use of online learning environment in basic studies of mathematics.
Learning from young children : research in early childhood music
Computer games and team and individual learning
Interactive and child-centred research methods for investigating efficacious agency of children
Documents research on the impact of computer games on the learning of adults. Computer games and learning are characterized from a series of different theoretical and empirical viewpoints. Both civilian sector and military applications are presented. While effectiveness of game environments to support learning can be documented in terms of intensity and longevity of engagement (participants voting with their time), as well as the commercial success of the games, there is much less solid empirical information about what instructional outcomes are systematically achieved by the playing of individual and multiplayer games. This book will address these issues.Designed for professionals in the gaming, simulation, assessment and evaluation, educational technology, and educational psychology communities, this book explores the state of the art in the use of computer game technology for teaching and measurement of learning in adults. Its unique focus is on the empirical impact, both qualitative and quantitative, of computer games on the learning of adults.
Investigating recreation
Synthetic worlds : emerging technologies in education and economics
Teaching children through the environment
Effects of authentic learning and e-learning in an introductory chemistry laboratory course
Constructing an opportunity centred collaborative learning model through and for entrepreneurship
Creating multi-sensory environments : practical ideas for teaching and learning
Learning outside the classroom : theory and guidelines for practice
Settlement and population
Achievement goals and cognitive learning strategies in dynamic contexts of learning
School, culture and well-being : ArctiChildren research and development findings from northern Finland, Sweden and Norway, and north-west Russia
Geometry by tiling? : Geometric thinking based on van Hiele's theory and a Tiling project of tessellations in basic education.
Appraisals of education-related goals during educational transitions in late adolescence : consequences for academic well-being and goal attainment
Project seasons : hands-on activities for discovering the wonders of the world
The school of the FuTure : theoretical and pedagogical approaches for creative and playful learning environments
Investigating homes
The development, implementation and use of e-learning : critical realism and design science perspectives
Geography in the early years
Investigating railways
Guides for stress coping during clinical training for international degree nursing students
Human dignity in the learning environment : testing a sociological paradigm for a diversity-positive milieu with school starters
Tracing the process of self-regulated learning – students’ strategic activity in g/nStudy learning environment
Research hatchery as a cradle for new innovators : handbook for implementation
Quality assurance and the phenomenological space design
Developing dialogic communication culture in media education : integrating dialogism and technology
Fieldwork in action. [1], Planning fieldwork
LAPSET-seminaarin artikkelijulkaisu 2004 = Proceedings of the LAPSET seminar 2004
Indicators of child and youth well-being are indispensable tools for improving the lives of children. In this book, the nation's leading development researchers review the recent progress made in the measurement, collection, dissemination, and use of indicators of child and youth well-being. In addition, they identify opportunities for future research to expand and improve on the indicator data available, so as to develop greater measures of positive development. The first eleven chapters cover key indicators in the areas of health, education, social, and emotional development and then social context indicators of the family, peers, school, and the community. The book then goes on to demonstrate the use of indicators for influencing policy at the state and local levels. One chapter discusses how social indicators were used to guide welfare reform and another recounts the use of the indicators to guide local planning. The volume concludes with a discussion of summary indices of well-being and the methodological challenges of constructing such indices. Written in an accessible manner for policy makers, practitioners, and researchers concerned with children's well-being, including experts in developmental, social, community, and educational psychology, the book also serves as a supplementary text in public policy and the social sciences. The policy chapters will be of particular interest to those who use child and youth indicators to guide policy development.
Fieldwork in action. 2, An enquiry approach
Tracing the process of self-regulated learning : students' strategic activity in g/nStudy learning environment
How people learn : brain, mind, experience, and school
Stakeholders' conceptions of learning in learning management systems development
Going to school with narcolepsy : perceptions of families and teachers of children with narcolepsy
Technology integration in context-aware learning spaces
Design learning and well-being : 4th International Journal of Intercultural Arts Education
Playing to learn : business simulation games as leadership learning environments
Change process towards ICT supported teaching and learning
On track. 4, Environmental studies
Expanding possibilities : project work using ICT
