http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18567 rowan
rowan Sorbus
Branding plan for a business gift made of rowan tree
Yield variations of some common wild berries in Finland in 1956-1996
Summary: Introducing Sorbus aucuparia as a multipurpose tree in forestry.
The challenge of Finnish wood
The genus Sorbus : mountain ash and other rowans
Anatomy of an environmental conflict : a case study of the conservation of the Saimaa ringed seal
Summaries in English.
Miten betonirakentamista tulisi korjata? = How should concrete buidings be repaired?
Abstract: The genus Sorbus.
Summary.
From protecting the "spirit" to encountering a real building heritage
Tutkimusretkellä suomalaisissa puukirkoissa : pienimmistä maailman suurimpaan = Discovering Finnish wooden churches : from the smallest to the world's largest
Pieni majakkaopas = Liten fyrguide = a short guide to Finnish lighthouses
Spatio-temporal properties of tree-species belts during primary succession on rising Gulf of Bothnia coastlines
The effects of habitat edges and trampling intensity on vegetation in urban forests
Abstract: Pests of the rowan tree (Sorbus aucuparia).
Valuable broadleaved forests in Europe
Whitebeams, rowans and service trees of Britain and Ireland : a monograph of British and Irish Sorbus L.
Näköalapaikka : kertomuksia Pihlajamäestä = A place with a view : recollections of Pihlajamäki
Saman katon alla : Metsolan lastenkoti, Oulu : Under the same roof : Metsola Children,s Home
Provinssirock 30.
The introduction of a new phenological observation network using rowan (Sorbus aucuparia L.)
Abstract: The epiphytic lichens and bryophytes of Sorbus aucuparia.
Sustainable tourism strategy : design of guidelines for future tourism development in Lake Pihlajavesi Area
Uncommon fruits for every garden
Abstract: The utilization of phenological observations of rowan (Sorbus aucuparia) in climatic change research.
Seedling establishment after prescribed burning of a Clear-Cut and Partially Cut mesic boreal forest in Southern Finland
25 years of structural chemistry in Turku University : from 1,3-dioxane to natural products : an International Meeting on Structural Organic Chemistry and Its Applications to Environmental Research and the Chemistry of Peat and Humic Substances, Turku 7-9 February, 1990
Abstract: Insects on Sorbus aucuparia.
Two till-covered potholes at Pihlajamäki, Helsinki, southern Finland
Notes on rowan lore : protection and harming in Swedish-speaking Ostrobothnia
