http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18502 neurosciences
neurosciences
Brain culture : neuroscience and popular media
The brain supremacy : notes from the frontiers of neuroscience
Now you see it : how the brain science of attention will transform the way we live, work, and learn
Art therapy and clinical neuroscience
Neural correlates of deception : a special issue of social neuroscience
The new visual neurosciences
Education and neuroscience : evidence, theory and practical application
Psychology of emotion
Psychology for the third millennium : integrating mainstream and normative human science
Principles of brain dynamics : global state interactions
Cognitive biology : evolutionary and developmental perspectives on mind, brain, and behavior
Neuroscience 2000 Finland symposium : March 16-17, 2000, Natural History Museum Helsinki Finland
Hardwired behavior : what neuroscience reveals about morality
The Nobel prize in medicine and the Karolinska institute : the story of Axel Key and Alfred Nobel
The idiot brain : a neuroscientist explains what your head is really up to
The athletic brain : how neuroscience is revolutionising sport and can help you perform better
Principles of computational modelling in neuroscience
Dangerous diagnostics : the social power of biological information : with a new preface
Cognition, brain, and consciousness : introduction to cognitive neuroscience
Handbook of chemical neuroanatomy. Volume 17, Functional neuroanatomy of the nitric oxide system
Brain Culture investigates the American obsession with the health of the brain. The brain has become more than a bodily organ, acquiring a near-mystical status. The message that this organ is the key to everything is everywhere--in self-help books that tell us to work on our brains to achieve happiness and enlightenment, in drug advertisements that promise a few tweaks to our brain chemistry will cure us of our discontents, and in politicians' speeches that tell us that our brains are national resources essential to our economic prosperity. Davi Johnson Thornton looks at these familiar messages, tracing the ways that brain science and colorful brain images produced by novel scientific technologies are taken up and distributed in popular media. She tracks the impact of the message that, "you are your brain" across multiple contemporary contexts, analyzing its influence on child development, family life, education, and public policy. Brain Culture shows that our fixation on the brain is not simply a reaction to scientific progress, but a cultural phenomenon deeply tied to social and political values of individualism and limitless achievement.
"Ritual, Performance and the Senses is a unique and timely collection at the heart of which is an experiment in anthropological theory. It explores the possibility of developing a new anthropology of ritual by combining theoretical insights from three distinct domains of anthropological inquiry: cognitive/neuroanthropology, performance studies and the anthropology of the senses. These three areas of study are often considered, and indeed operate institutionally, as distinct academic sub-fields, and yet they share substantive objects of study, with their focus on experience, the body and the relationships between percept, concept and action. Bringing together scholars from each of these disciplines to consider the potential for drawing insights from each area to help to theorize ritual, this collection sheds new light on one of anthropology's most enduring research objects: by understanding ritual we understand processes at the very centre of human social life - of humanity itself. This will be invaluable reading for students and scholars of anthropology, cognitive science, performance studies and religious studies"--
The future of the brain : essays by the world's leading neuroscientists
Developmental cognitive neuroscience : an introduction
Out of its mind : psychiatry in crisis : a call for reform
Reaching down the rabbit hole : extraordinary journeys into the human brain
Self-regulation : brain, cognition, and development
White matter in cognitive neuroscience : advances in diffusion tensor imaging and its applications
Reductionism in art and brain science : bridging the two cultures
Neuroscience and critique : exploring the limits of the neurological turn
Neuroeconomics : hype or hope?
Synaesthesia : the strangest thing
Sensory cue integration
Imaging brain structure and function : emerging technologies in the neurosciences
Brain-wise : studies in neurophilosophy
Art and artifact in laboratory science : a study of shop work and shop talk in a research laboratory
It is now possible to witness human brain activity while we are talking, reading, or thinking, thanks to revolutionary neuroimaging techniques like magnetic resonance imaging (MRI). These groundbreaking advances have opened infinite fields of investigation--into such areas as musical perception, brain development in utero, and faulty brain connections leading to psychiatric disorders--and have raised unprecedented ethical issues. In Looking Inside the Brain, one of the leading pioneers of the field, Denis Le Bihan, offers an engaging account of the sophisticated interdisciplinary research in physics, neuroscience, and medicine that have led to the remarkable neuroimaging methods that give us a detailed look into the human brain. Introducing neurological anatomy and physiology, Le Bihan walks readers through the historical evolution of imaging technology--from the X-ray and CT scan to the PET scan and MRI--and he explains how neuroimaging uncovers afflictions like stroke or cancer and the workings of higher-order brain activities, such as language skills. Le Bihan also takes readers on a behind-the-scenes journey through NeuroSpin, his state-of-the-art neuroimaging laboratory, and goes over the cutting-edge scanning devices currently being developed. Considering what we see when we look at brain images, Le Bihan weighs what might be revealed about our thoughts and unconscious, and discusses how far this technology might go in the future. Beautifully illustrated in color, Looking Inside the Brain presents the trailblazing story of the scanning techniques that provide keys to previously unimagined knowledge of our brains and our selves. – WorldCat.
Rewire your brain : think your way to a better life
The power of neurodiversity : unleashing the advantages of your differently wired brain
Findings and current opinion in cognitive neuroscience
Mind, brain, and education : neuroscience implications for the classroom
Mast cell lipid droplets as a storage site of arachidonic acid for eicosanoid biosynthesis
Dynamics of brain activity underlying working memory for music in a naturalistic condition
"The nervous system is made up of a large number of interacting elements. To understand how such a complex system functions requires the construction and analysis of computational models at many different levels. This book provides a step-by-step account of how to model the neuron and neural circuitry to understand the nervous system at all levels, from ion channels to networks. Starting with a simple model of the neuron as an electrical circuit, gradually more details are added to include the effects of neuronal morphology, synapses, ion channels and intracellular signalling. The principle of abstraction is explained through chapters on simplifying models, and how simplified models can be used in networks. This theme is continued in a final chapter on modelling the development of the nervous system. Requiring an elementary background in neuroscience and some high school mathematics, this textbook is an ideal basis for a course on computational neuroscience"--
Now in a new edition, this book expands on previous editions on the study of personality and neuroscience. It draws on research on the biological foundations of personality and trait-based research including investigations of neural mechanisms in defensive information processing as well as brain systems critical to self-concept. The text introduces questions of personality-and-brain along with biological foundations. It explores each of various theoretical issues at a new level of investigation, that of brain research to provide a more up-to-date look at the field.
The intelligent movement machine : an ethological perspective on the primate motor system
Consciousness and mental life
"Rewire Your Brain focuses on the self-help applications and the ongoing research on the aging brain. Rewire Your Brain is also filled with practical suggestions and exercises to help the reader improve his or her memory and relationships--and overcome mild depression, anxiety issues, procrastination, and various other negative thought patterns. Each of the chapters in this book offer key components of the new developments in neuroscience and describe how to apply them to specific areas of one's life. Rewire Your Brain is a practical book based on well researched principles that work. This book is not for people suffering from severe types of psychological problems, but rather for people facing everyday anxiety, stress, and mild depression. Readers will learn how to minimize those conditions and get the most out of life."
Studies on auditory processing of spatial sound and speech by neuromagnetic measurements and computational modeling
The visual neurosciences : [volumes 1 and 2]
Research-based strategies to ignite student learning : insights from a neurologist and classroom teacher
A Probabilistic approach to the primary visual cortex
When language breaks down : analysing discourse in clinical contexts
The trickster brain : neuroscience, evolution, and narrative
Eating disorders and the brain
" For a phenomenon that is less than 10 years old, neuromarketing is now recognized as an important trend in the development of marketing techniques and applications. Providing a focused and in-depth examination of marketing research that studies consumers' sensorimotor, cognitive and affective responses to marketing stimuli, Neuromarketing in Action shows both the scientific frameworks and the practical applications of this increasingly popular marketing tool. The authors showcase the latest thinking on brain function and intelligence, and the subconscious influences on consumer behavior, referencing global brands such as Chanel, Lacoste, Amazon and Nike. In addition, they examine the ways in which marketing efficiency can be improved through the satisfaction of the customer's senses, emotions, memory and conscience - both in terms of current marketing activity (selling methods, sensory marketing, product modification) and potential future developments (value innovation, sensory brands, increased interaction with social networks and permission marketing)"--
This book is devoted to the application of advanced signal processing on event-related potentials (ERPs) in the context of electroencephalography (EEG) for the cognitive neuroscience. ERPs are usually produced through averaging single-trials of preprocessed EEG, and then, the interpretation of underlying brain activities is based on the ordinarily averaged EEG. We find that randomly fluctuating activities and artifacts can still present in the averaged EEG data, and that constant brain activities over single trials can overlap with each other in time, frequency and spatial domains. Therefore, before interpretation, it will be beneficial to further separate the averaged EEG into individual brain activities. The book proposes systematic approaches pre-process wavelet transform (WT), independent component analysis (ICA), and nonnegative tensor factorization (NTF) to filter averaged EEG in time, frequency and space domains to sequentially and simultaneously obtain the pure ERP of interest. Software of the proposed approaches will be open-accessed.
Law and neuroscience / : current legal issues 2010
Neurophysiology : a conceptual approach / Robert Carpenter, Benjamin Reddi
Understanding psychology
This is the fully revised and updated second edition of the very successful introductory textbook on cognitive neuroscience. Written by two leading experts in the field, this textbook book takes a unique thematic approach to introduce concepts of cognitive neurosciences, guiding students along a clear path to understand the latest findings whether or not they have a background in neuroscience. New to this edition are Frontiers in Cognitive Neuroscience text boxes; each one focuses on a leading researcher and their topic of expertise. There is a new chapter on Genes and Molecules of Cognition, and all other chapters have been thoroughly revised, based on the most recent discoveries. This title is the new edition of a very successful textbook. It is completely revised to reflect new advances, and feedback from adopters and students. It includes a new chapter on Genes and Molecules of Cognition. For teachers: Rapid adoption and course preparation - a wide array of instructor support materials are available online including PowerPoint lecture slides, a test bank with answers, and eFlashcords on key concepts for each chapter. It is a textbook with an easy-to-understand thematic approach: in a way that is clear for students from a variety of academic backgrounds, the text introduces concepts such as working memory, selective attention, and social cognition. It includes a step-by-step guide for introducing students to brain anatomy: color graphics have been carefully selected to illustrate all points and the research explained. Beautifully clear artist's drawings are used to 'build a brain' from top to bottom, simplifying the layout of the brain. For students: This is an easy-to-read, complete introduction to mind-brain science: all chapters begin from mind-brain functions and build a coherent picture of their brain basis. A single, widely accepted functional framework is used to capture the major phenomena.
Encyclopedia of neuroscience
From the couch to the lab : trends in psychodynamic neuroscience
Handbook of neurosociology
MATLAB for neuroscientists : an introduction to scientific computing in MATLAB
Computational neuroscience and cognitive modelling : a student's introduction to methods and procedures
Social : why our brains are wired to connect
Neuroscience and the person : scientific perspectives on divine action
Psychoanalysis and neuroscience
The autistic brain : thinking across the spectrum
Neuromarketing in action : how to talk and sell to the brain
"This book is about how to construct and use computational models of specific parts of the nervous system, such as a neuron, a part of a neuron or a network of neurons. It is designed to be read by people from a wide range of backgrounds from the biological, physical and computational sciences. The word 'model' can mean different things in different disciplines, and even researchers in the same field may disagree on the nuances of its meaning. For example, to biologists, the term 'model' can mean 'animal model'; to physicists, the standard model is a step towards a complete theory of fundamental particles and interactions. We therefore start this chapter by attempting to clarify what we mean by computational models and modelling in the context of neuroscience. Before giving a brief chapter-by-chapter overview of the book, we also discuss what might be called the philosophy of modelling: general issues in computational modelling that recur throughout the book"--
Resonances : neurobiology, evolution and theology : evolutionary niche construction, the ecological brain and relational-narrative theology
Infectious behavior : brain-immune connections in autism, schizophrenia, and depression
Representation and brain
Brainscapes : an introduction to what neuroscience has learned about the structure, function, and abilities of the brain
Curious behavior : yawning, laughing, hiccupping and beyond
Sleights of mind : what the neuroscience of magic reveals about our everyday deceptions
Autistic brain : exploring the strenght of different kind of mind / Temple Grandin and Richard Panek
The art of changing the brain : enriching teaching by exploring the biology of learning
Computing the mind : how the mind really works
Biology and knowledge revisited : from neurogenesis to psychogenesis
A comprehensive survey of the latest neuroscientific research into the effects of music on the brain * Covers a variety of topics fundamental for music perception, including musical syntax, musical semantics, music and action, music and emotion* Includes general introductory chapters to engage a broad readership, as well as a wealth of detailed research material for experts* Offers the most empirical (and most systematic) work on the topics of neural correlates of musical syntax and musical semantics* Integrates research from different domains (such as music, language, action and emotion both theoretically and empirically, to create a comprehensive theory of music psychology.
Who switched off my brain? : controlling toxic thoughts and emotions
The consideration of time or dynamics is fundamental for all aspects of mental activity--perception, cognition, and emotion--because the main feature of brain activity is the continuous change of the underlying brain states even in a constant environment. The application of nonlinear dynamics to the study of brain activity began to flourish in the 1990s when combined with empirical observations from modern morphological and physiological observations. This book offers perspectives on brain dynamics that draw on the latest advances in research in the field. It includes contributions from both theoreticians and experimentalists, offering an eclectic treatment of fundamental issues. Topics addressed range from experimental and computational approaches to transient brain dynamics to the free-energy principle as a global brain theory. The book concludes with a short but rigorous guide to modern nonlinear dynamics and their application to neural dynamics.
How literature plays with the brain : the neuroscience of reading and art
"The third edition of Developmental Cognitive Neuroscience presents a thorough updating and enhancement of the classic text that introduced the rapidly expanding field of developmental cognitive neuroscience. Includes the addition of two new chapters that provide further introductory material on new methodologies and the application of genetic methods in cognitive development. Includes several key discussion points at the end of each chapter. Features a greater focus on mid-childhood and adolescence, to complement the previous edition's emphasis on early childhood. Brings the science closer to real-world applications via a greater focus on fieldwork. Includes a greater emphasis on structural and functional brain imaging"--Provided by publisher.
Multimodal transcranial magnetic stimulation in the study of brain and cognition 2011 : March 24-25th, Biomedicum, Helsinki, Finland : programme, abstracts
The organized mind : thinking straight in the age of information overload
The brain
Neuroscientific evidence has educated us in the ways in which the brain mediates our thought and behavior and, therefore, forced us to critically examine how we conceive of free will. This volume, featuring contributions from an international and interdisciplinary group of distinguished researchers and scholars, explores how our increasing knowledge of the brain can elucidate the concept of the will and whether or to what extent it is free. It also examines how brain science can inform our normative judgments of moral and criminal responsibility for our actions. Some chapters point out the different respects in which mental disorders can compromise the will and others show how different forms of neuromodulation can reveal the neural underpinning of the mental capacities associated with the will and can restore or enhance them when they are impaired
Psychology's territories : historical and contemporary perspectives from different disciplines
Journal of cognitive neuroscience
A hole in the head : more tales in the history of neuroscience
Advice for a young investigator
Why music moves us
Social neuroscience : key readings
Empathy : from bench to bedside
In recent years, the advent of MRI technology seems to have unlocked the secrets of the human mind, revealing the sources of our deepest desires, intentions, and fears. In this book, the authors argue that the explanatory power of brain scans in particular and neuroscience more generally has been vastly overestimated. Although acknowledging its tremendous potential, they believe that the overzealous application of the burgeoning field of brain science has put innocent people in jail, prevented addicts from healing themselves, and undermined notions of free will and responsibility
Critical neuroscience : a handbook of the social and cultural contexts of neuroscience
Neuroarthistory : from Aristotle and Pliny to Baxandall and Zeki
The Biomedical & Life Sciences Collection
English abstract.
NGF 2010 : neurotrophic factors in health and disease : June 10-13, 2010, Helsinki, Finland : [abstract book]
Spikes, decisions, and actions : the dynamical foundations of neuroscience
Generation and characterization of the cation-chloride cotransporter KCC2 hypomorphic mouse
Explaining the brain : mechanisms and the mosaic unity of neuroscience
Neuroscience of decision making
Looking inside the brain : the power of neuroimaging
Consciousness has long been a subject of interest in philosophy and religion but only relatively recently has it become subject to scientific investigation. Now, more than ever before, we are beginning to understand this mental state. Developmental psychologists understand when we first develop a sense of self; neuropsychologists see which parts of the brain activate when we think about ourselves and which parts of the brain control that awareness.Cognitive scientists have mapped the circuitry that allows machines to have some form of self awareness, and neuroscientists investigate similar circuitry in the human brain. Research that once was separate inquiries in discreet disciplines is converging. List serves and small conferences focused on consciousness are proliferating. New journals have emerged in this field. A huge number of monographs and edited treatises have recently been published on consciousness, but there is no recognized entry point to the field, no comprehensive summary.This encyclopedia is that reference. Organized alphabetically by topic, coverage encompasses a summary of major research and scientific thought regarding the nature of consciousness, the neural circuitry involved, how the brain, body, and world interact, and our understanding of subjective states. The work includes contributions covering neuroscience, psychology, philosophy, and artificial intelligence to provide a comprehensive backdrop to recent and ongoing investigations into the nature of conscious experience from a philosophical, psychological, and biological perspective.
Brain and music
Neuroergonomics : a cognitive neuroscience approach to human factors and ergonomics
This textbook provides an introduction to computational modelling neuroscience accessible to readers with little or no background in computing or mathematics. Organized into thematic sections, the book spans from modelling integrate and firing neurons to playing the game Rock, Paper, Scissors in ACT-R. This non-technical guide shows how basic knowledge and modern computers can be combined for interesting simulations, progressing from early exercises utilizing spreadsheets, to simple programs in Python. Key Features include: - Interleaved chapters that show how traditional computing constructs are simply disguised versions of the spreadsheet methods - Mathematical facts and notation needed to understand the modelling methods are presented at their most basic and are interleaved with biographical and historical notes for context - Numerous worked examples to demonstrate the themes and procedures of cognitive modelling.
How to explain a brain : an educator's handbook of brain terms and cognitive processes
Neuroscience for the mental health clinician
Computational models relating properties of visual neurons to natural stimulus statistics
The vulnerable brain and environmental risks. Vol. 3, Toxins in air and water
Neurocultures : glimpses into an expanding universe
Neurofunctional correlates of auditory perception and training in SLI
Neuroscience of communication
Functional expression and subcellular localization of the Cl− cotransporters KCC2 and NKCC1 in rodent hippocampal and neocortical neurons
How enlightement change your brain : the new science of transformation
Neuroenology : how the brain creates the taste of wine
Markus Mühling presents an epistemological theory of revelation as perception and a relational-narrative theological ontology based on the concept of dramatic coherence, in which the triune life is understood not as an anomaly within ontology, but rather as the decisive condition of its possibility. Mühling further demonstrates that potential for resolving certain theological problems arises if new insights from the natural sciences, such as the theory of the ecological brain in the neurosciences and the theory of niche-construction in evolutionary theory, are taken into account. Similarly, he also proposes that neuroscience and evolutionary biology can procure advantages from a dialogue with theology.
Wayfinding behavior : cognitive mapping and other spatial processes
Contemporary psychoanalytic foundations : postmodernism, complexity, and neuroscience
"Unpredictable and entertaining, Burnett's account gives us up-to-date research and the principles of neuroscience along the way. Looking at memory, intelligence, observation, social interaction and personality, Burnett explains why: memory is like a doting mother; tall people are more intelligent; criticism is more powerful than praise; we remember faces before names; a glass of wine can refresh your memory and you can't be 'a little bit OCD'."--Allen & Unwin website.
Cognitive neuroscience and neuropsychology
Documents a 2003 experiment at Duke University where the author had free iPods issued to the freshman class to see how the device could be used academically, in a report that reveals other technological ideas that are revolutionizing education.
"Providing a focused and in-depth examination of the field of marketing research that studies consumers' sensorimotor, cognitive and affective responses to marketing stimuli, Neuromarketing in Action is the first book to show both the scientific frameworks and the practical applications of this increasingly popular marketing tool. Through 18 chapters, referencing many global brands such as Aston Martin, Chanel, Lacoste, Amazon, Nike, Carrefour and Dunhill, the authors showcase the latest thinking on brain function and intelligence, and the subconscious influences on consumer behaviour. The book then examines the ways in which marketing efficiency can be improved through the satisfaction of the customer's senses, emotions, memory and conscience and looks at the impact on current marketing activities (selling methods, sensory marketing, product modification) and future strategies (value innovation, sensory brands, increased interaction with social networks and permission marketing). Neuromarketing in Action provides both a practical review of current thinking and a detailed review of future developments, showing how the latest marketing techniques can be validated and legitimized through the prism of the consumer brain"--
Advances in cognition, education and deafness
Neuroscience : exploring the brain
Permanent present tense : the man with no memory, and what he taught the world
Neurosociology : the nexus between neuroscience and social psychology
On deep history and the brain
Strategies for risk communications : evolution, evidence, experience
Naturalizing intention in action
Theory and method in the neurosciences
Neuroeconomics : decision making and the brain
Advanced signal processing on brain event-related potentials : filtering ERPs in time, frequency and space domains sequentially and simultaneously
The origins of antisocial behavior : a developmental perspective
Philosophy and the neurosciences : a reader
The neural imagination : aesthetic and neuroscientific approaches to the arts
Models in the mind : the history of human consciousness
Ray Kurzweil, the bold futurist and author of the New York Times bestseller The Singularity Is Near, is arguably today’s most influential technological visionary. A pioneering inventor and theorist, he has explored for decades how artificial intelligence can enrich and expand human capabilities. Now, in his much-anticipated How to Create a Mind, he takes this exploration to the next step: reverse-engineering the brain to understand precisely how it works, then applying that knowledge to create vastly intelligent machines. Drawing on the most recent neuroscience research, his own research and inventions in artificial intelligence, and compelling thought experiments, he describes his new theory of how the neocortex (the thinking part of the brain) works: as a self-organizing hierarchical system of pattern recognizers. Kurzweil shows how these insights will enable us to greatly extend the powers of our own mind and provides a road map for the creation of super-intelligence—humankind’s most exciting next venture. We are now at the dawn of an era of radical possibilities in which merging with our technology will enable us to effectively address the world’s grand challenges. How to Create a Mind is certain to be one of the most widely discussed and debated science books in many years—a touchstone for any consideration of the path of human progress.
The Cambridge handbook of human affective neuroscience
The autistic brain : exploring the strenght of different kind of mind
Touching a nerve : the self as brain
Ritual, performance and the senses
Learning redefined : changing the images that guide the process
Applied attention theory
How to create a mind : the secret of human thought revealed
The ethical brain
Irreducible mind : toward a psychology for the 21st century
Resilience to psychosocial stress associates with altered myelination in the mouse cortex
Theology, anthropology and neuroscience
Free will and the brain : neuroscientific, philosophical, and legal perspectives
Personality : theory and research
The cognitive neuroscience of semantic processing : edited by Wolfram Hinzen, David Poeppel
Years of neuroscience research have led to the current understanding of the brain as a prediction machine. The problem is that our brains' evolved capacity for avoiding and defending against threats has a slew of by-products, all tightly woven into our day-to-day thinking and behavior, that ensnare us while making our threat-anticipating brains "happy."
The biology of psychological disorders
Downward causation and the neurobiology of free will. Understanding complex systems
Fundamentals of computational neuroscience
The boundaries of Babel : the brain and the enigma of impossible languages
Problems of consciousness
Conversations on consciousness : what the best minds think about the brain, free will and what it means to be human
Logic, neuroscience and phenomenology in cahoots?
Talking heads : the neuroscience of language
Brainwashed : the seductive appeal of mindless neuroscience
Sticky learning / : how neuroscience supports teaching that's remembered
Encyclopedia of consciousness
Brain dynamics : synchronization and activity patterns in pulse-coupled neural nets with delays and noise
Philosophy, neuroscience and consciousness
"In recent years, a growing number of scientific careers have been brought down by scientists' failure to satisfactorily confront ethical challenges. Scientists need to learn early on what constitutes acceptable ethical behavior in their professions. Ethical Principles for the Behavioral and Brain Sciences encourages readers to engage in discussions of the diverse ethical dilemmas encountered by behavioral and brain scientists. The goal is to allow scientists to reflect on ethical issues before potentially confronting them. Each chapter is authored by a prominent scientist in the field who describes a dilemma, how it was resolved, and what the scientist would do differently if confronted with the situation again. Featuring commentary throughout and a culmination of opinions and experiences shared by leaders in the field, the goal of this book is not to provide 'correct' answers to real-world ethical dilemmas. Instead, authors pose the dilemmas, discuss their experiences and viewpoints on them, and speculate on alternative reactions to the issues"--
Computational model for granule neuron excitability
Soul made flesh : the discovery of the brain, and how it changed the world
Conscious will and responsibility
Handbook of chemical neuroanatomy. Vol. 19, Immediate early genes and inducible transcription factors in mapping of the central nervous system function and dysfunction
Imaging in neuroscience and development : a laboratory manual
The matter of the mind : philosophical essays on psychology, neuroscience, and reduction
Alterations in the states and contents of consciousness : empirical and theoretical aspects
Who's in charge? : free will and the science of the brain
"Covering a broad range of psychological disorders, their biological underpinnings, and the latest principles of pharmacological treatment, The Biology of Psychological Disorders is essential reading for students specialising in biological psychology, or seeking to contextualize their studies of cognitive and clinical neuroscience"--Provided by publisher.
Understanding the brain : towards a new learning science
Ethical challenges in the behavioral and brain sciences : case studies and commentaries
The emotional life of your brain : how its unique patterns affect the way you think, feel and live : and how you can change them
Brainwashing : the science of thought control
Development of mismatch negativity (MMN) for sinusoidal tones in five cochlear implant recipents
Handbook of neuroLeadership
Image, language, brain : papers from the First Mind Articulation Project Symposium
Encyclopedia of the neurological sciences
Sacred or Neural? : neuroscientific explanations of religious experience a philosophical evaluation
Optimization of the preprocessing steps of MEG measurement data in Meggie application
Conversations on mind, matter, and mathematics
What makes your brain happy and why you should do the opposite
The neuroscience of human movement
Neuroscience : a historical introduction
"Neuroscience: Exploring the Brain surveys the organization and function of the human nervous system. We present material at the cutting edge of neuroscience in a way that is accessible to both science and nonscience students alike. The level of the material is comparable to an introductory college text in general biology. The book is divided into four parts: Part I, Foundations; Part II, Sensory and Motor Systems; Part III, The Brain and Behavior; and Part IV, The Changing Brain. We begin Part I by introducing the modern field of neuroscience and tracing some of its historical antecedents. Then we take a close look at the structure and function of individual neurons, how they communicate chemically, and how these building blocks are arranged to form a nervous system. In Part II, we go inside the brain to examine the structure and function of the systems that serve the senses and command voluntary movements. In Part III, we explore the neurobiology of human behavior, including motivation, sex, emotion, sleep, language, attention, and mental illness. Finally, in Part IV, we look at how the environment modifies the brain, both during development and in adult learning and memory"--Provided by publisher.
Self-organized criticality and stochastic resonance in the human brain
Cognitive psychology : applying the science of the mind
The establishment of efficient methods to culture immunosuppressive mesenchymal stromal cells from cord blood and bone marrowh
Handbook of chemical neuroanatomy. Vol. 18, Glutamate
Constraints of agency : explorations of theory in everyday life
Revolutionary connections : psychotherapy and neuroscience
Autonomic Nervous System; Communication, language and speech; Disease and Dysfunction; Evolution and Comparative Biology of Nervous Systems; History; Intercellular Communication; Methods and Techniques; Molecular and Cell Biology of Nervous Systems; Motor Neuromuscular System; Nervous System Development, Repair and Aging; Neural Basis of Behavior; Sensory Systems; Structural Organization of the Brain
