http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1858 floods
floods
The taxidermist's daughter
Floods and droughts : proceedings of the second International Hydrology Symposium, September 11-13, 1972, Fort Collins, Colorado, U.S.A
Natural disasters in the Ottoman Empire : Halcyon Days in Crete III : a symposium held in Rethymnon 10-12 January 1997
Centro Nordico del restauro a Firenze = The Nordic centre for restauration in Florence 1967-70 : a summary on the 50th anniversary of the flood of Florence
Catastrophic flooding
Embanked floodplains in the Netherlands : geomorphological evolution over various time scales
In 2009–2011, the WHO Regional Office for Europe and the United Kingdom Health Protection Agency undertook a project to investigate the adverse health effects of floods and to understand how best to protect the health of populations during floods in the WHO European Region. The project had two main components. A questionnaire was sent to 50 of the 53 Member States of the WHO European Region to collect information on recent experience of floods, their health effects and current preparedness and response mechanisms. In addition, a systematic review was undertaken of the epidemiological literature on the global impact of flooding on health. Analysis of the returned questionnaires and the peer-reviewed literature brought to light many issues pertinent to Europe. These findings will help WHO to prepare evidence-based guidance for the European Region on health concerns before, during and after flooding incidents and the measures for prevention, response and recovery.
In the shadow of melting glaciers : climate change and Andean society
The Sherpa people's observations on climate change in the Solu-Khumbu region in the Highlands of Nepal
Extreme weather
Tsunami : the underrated hazard
Improving flood forecasting using multi-source remote sensing data : report of the Floodfore project
Extreme floods : a history in a changing climate
Reconstruction and inundation estimation of glacial outburst floods: a combined approach of earth observation data, GIS and hydraulic modelling
Short-range forecasting of lowland-river runoff
Wilfred to the rescue
El Niño : the weather phenomenon that changed the world
Ecology and management of flood plain forests in the Peruvian Amazon
Hurricanes & tornadoes
Environmental plant physiology
Floods in the WHO European region : health effects and their prevention
Estrategias sociales de prevención y adaptación = Social strategies for prevention and adaptation
Abstract (1 s.).
Water supplies
Projected Atlantic hurricane surge threat from rising temperatures
Water resources in the built environment : management issues and solutions
Beautiful floods : environmental knowledge and agrarian change in the Mekong Delta, Vietnam
Special issue on flood risks in Europe
Homogeneous record of Atlantic hurricane surge threat since 1923
Rabbit's wish
Testing a food protection case by means of a group decision support system
Water resources
Farmer John's tractor
The flood control controversy : big dams, little dams, and land management
Flood risk assessment and management : how to specify hydrological loads, their consequences and uncertainties
The wild palms
Advances in urban flood management
Rising sea levels : an introduction to cause and impact
The summer 2007 floods in England and Wales : a hydrological appraisal
Tide : the science and lore of the greatest force on earth
Flood hazard reduction management system for the Beijing area : technical analysis
What is a flood?
Elmer and the flood
Encyclopedia of disasters : environmental catastrophes and human tragedies
Governing the uncertain : adaptation and climate in Russia and Finland
The drowned world
Waterworld
Clumsy floodplains : responsive land policy for extreme floods
Sedimentological studies in the Cachí Reservoir, Costa Rica : sediment inflow, reservoir sedimentation, and effects of flushing
Mammoth academy on holiday
Water
Flood
The book provides a detailed analysis of the development of adaptive governance in Russia and Finland. It presents a case study from the Sakha Republic in Russia that focuses on community's participation in the process of governing of the flood events in the Tatta River area. Local adaptive practices are analyzed in relation to federal and regional responses that may mandate, encourage or collide with community's agency. A second case study is centered on the Finnish community of Kuttura, Ivalo. It explores the mounting challenges presented by changing environmental conditions to traditional reindeer herding, as well as the efforts made to cope with these new factors. Combining anthropological research and political science, this penetrating work offers revealing scrutiny of governmental responses to one of the most urgent issues facing both politicians and the citizens who live in their domains.
Fluxes of nitrous oxide on natural peatlands in Vuotos, an area projected for a hydroelectric reservoir in northern Finland
Low impact development and sustainable stormwater management
The state and ecological problems in Katsina, Nigeria
Does the weather really matter? : the social implications of climate change
Veniceland Atlantis : the bleak future of the world's favourite city
Drowntown. 1
"Demonstrates the benefits of interdisciplinary approaches to flood risk management"--
Risk assessment of potential glacial lake outburst flood using satellite imagery
Disaster resilience : an integrated approach
What happens when an ice cap melts?
Forces of the wild
Catastrophes! : earthquakes, tsunamis, tornadoes, and other earth-shattering disasters
Flood and Fang
Pathfinder flip-mat : Flooded dungeon
Land drainage and flood defence responsibilities : a practical guide
Floods : physical processes and human impacts
Environmentally sound technologies for wastewater and stormwater management : an international source book
The tilted world
A flood hits Moomin Valley and triggers a series of adventures for the Moomins.
Inputs for risk analysis in water systems : symposium held at the University of Waterloo ... June 26-28, 1978
The folly of the world
Landscape and soil erosion history in Central Tanzania : a study based on lacustrine, colluvial and alluvial deposits
Climate vulnerability : understanding and addressing threats to essential resources. Vol. 1, Vulnerability of human health to climate
The Pantanal of Poconé : biota and ecology in the northern section of the world's largest pristine wetland
Applied urban ecology : a global framework
Southern cross the dog
The moomins and the great flood
Torrent control and streambed stabilization
Rising tide : the great Mississippi flood of 1927 and how it changed America
Tianjin flood and water transfer management system : technical analysis
Reply to Kennedy et al. : Katrina storm records in tide gauges
A note on multispecies aggregative webs due to spiders (Araneae) escaping floods in Finland
Integrated irrigation and aquaculture in West Africa : concepts, practices and potential
Human impact on varzea ecosystems in the Napo-Amazon, Peru
Earth shock : climate, complexity and the forces of nature
Earthquakes : and other natural disasters
The study on the national water master plan : sectoral report (G), flood control plan
Natural disasters : Tidal waves and flooding
Lark and Termite
Archipelago
Hurricane & tornado
Floodplain development and sediment transport in the Solimoes-Amazon river, Brazil
Forest hydrology : an introduction to water and forests
The Federal Govenment and flood control in the Lower Mississippi Valley
Hydraulic aspects of environmental flood management in boreal conditions
Floods and tidal waves
Flood control and drainage engineering
Deposition of sediment and associated heavy metals on floodplains
Proceedings of the European Expert Meeting on the Oder Flood 1997 : 18 May 1998, Potsdam, Germany : Ribamod concerted action
Guidelines on spate irrigation
Geological hazards : a sourcebook
Reconstruction and inundation estimation of glacial outburst floods : a combined approach of earth observation data, GIS and hydraulic modelling
Report of the National flood relief commission : 1931-1932
Megaflooding on Earth and Mars
"In 2009–2011, the WHO Regional Office for Europe and the United Kingdom Health Protection Agency undertook a project to investigate the adverse health effects of floods and to understand how best to protect the health of populations during floods in the WHO European Region. The project had two main components. A questionnaire was sent to 50 of the 53 Member States of the WHO European Region to collect information on recent experience of floods, their health effects and current preparedness and response mechanisms. In addition, a systematic review was undertaken of the epidemiological literature on the global impact of flooding on health. Analysis of the returned questionnaires and the peer-reviewed literature brought to light many issues pertinent to Europe. These findings will help WHO to prepare evidence-based guidance for the European Region on health concerns before, during and after flooding incidents and the measures for prevention, response and recovery."
Water resilient urbanity : spatial study and design for urban flood
The Wake
Forest hydrology : processes, management and assessment
Advances in urban stormwater and agricultural runoff source controls
The quiet girl
Global change in multispecies systems. Part 3
Unknown quantity
Flood risk : planning, design and management of flood defence infrastructure
Handbook of engineering hydrology : modeling, climate change, and variability
Environmental hazards : assessing risk and reducing disaster
Field trial of a demountable defence system between urban structures
Natural hazards
The largest Holocene jökulhlaups within Jökulsá á Fjöllum, Northeast Iceland
Flash flood
Stormwater effects handbook : a toolbox for watershed managers, scientists, and engineers
Wild weather
Floods in an arid continent
The island at the end of the world
Geomorphological hazards and disaster prevention
The flood control controversy : Big dams, little dams, and land management
Natural disasters and how we cope
The rising
Action-packed thriller. Tom's in trouble - the dam has burst! Can he escape the thundering rush of water in time? Or will a mysterious moto and driver come to his rescue? Particularly suitable for struggling, reluctant and dyslexic readers aged 12+ / WorldCat.
Community adaptation and vulnerability in arctic regions
Dangerous earth : an introduction to geologic hazards
Nature's fury
Adaptation to floods and droughts in the Baltic Sea basin under climate change
Multispecies aggregative spider webs consisting mainly of linyphiids are reported from the municipality of Vörå in Finland. The dominant species were Erigone atra Blackwall, 1833 and Savignia frontata Blackwall, 1833 and most of these represented by males. The spider assemblage consisted of at least 13 species altogether. The reason for the aggregations was habitat disturbance caused by flooded cultivated fields.
Proceedings of the Second International Conference on Climate and Water, Espoo, Finland, 17-20 August 1998
