http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18574 radio technology
radio technology
Software Defined Radio for Wireless Sensors & Cognitive Networks
Shortwave listening guidebook : the complete guide to hearing the world
Design and implementation of software defined radios on a homogeneous multi-processor architecture
The radio station : broadcast, satellite & internet
The RF in RFID : passive UHF RFID in practice
Multirate multi-user detectors for wideband code division multiple access
THE ARRL HANDBOOK FOR RADIO AMATEURS. 2001
Measuring and estimating instantaneous wideband radio channel by regularized deconvolution
Adaptive power and frequency allocation strategies in cognitive radio systems
Ultra wideband systems with MIMO
Practical RF circuit design for modern wireless systems. 2, Active circuits and systems
Proceedings of the HUT IRC Radio Communications Research Workshop'97 : Innopoli, Espoo, Finland, Octoter 17, 1997
Multiple input multiple output (MIMO) schemes in LTE and LTE-advanced
Abstracts of papers
Coexistence measurements between UWB and wireless sensor networks
HUT Radio Laboratory : research and education 2001
Software-defined radio : challenges and opportunities in baseband processing architectures
Radio navigation for pilots
Aviation electronics
Radio wave propagation : principles and techniques
Practical wireless : Helsinki
The ARRL handbook for radio communications. 2012
SMARAD : Centre of Excellence in Smart Radios and Wireless Research : activity report 2008-2010
Equalization in WCDMA terminals
The Finnish Radio-Sound and its use
Equalization of MIMO channels in LTE-Advanced
RF & microwave design essentials : engineering design and analysis from DC to microwaves
Technology-driven industry restructure : the case of terrestrial televison broadcasting in Finland
Basic radio : understanding the key building blocks : includes build-it-yourself radio projects!
Amateur radio encyclopedia
Aircraft communications and navigation systems : principles, maintenance and operation for aircraft engineers and technicians
Electronics, navigational aids and radio theory for electrotechnical officers
Sharing is emerging as one of the megatrends influencing future business opportunities, and wireless communications is no exception to this development. Future mobile broadband networks will operate on different types of spectrum bands including shared spectrum, which calls for changes in the operation and management of the networks. The creation and capture of value by the different players in the mobile broadband ecosystem is expected to change due to regulation, technology, and business landscape related drivers that concern not only spectrum sharing, but also sharing of other resources such as infrastructure, technologies, or data. This thesis examines the key business and technology enablers needed to exploit spectrum sharing in mobile broadband networks, and presents the business model characteristics and strategic choices that spectrum sharing concepts support. Action research and integral scenarios methodologies were applied for strategic and business analysis utilizing the capacity and expertise of the policy, business and technology research communities. The thesis introduces a new approach to analyze the scalability of the spectrum sharing concepts and their business model elements utilizing sharing economy antecedent factors. The results indicate that all analyzed sharing concepts meet basic requirements to scale. The Licensed Shared Access (LSA) leverages existing assets and capabilities of the mobile network operator domain, the Citizens Broadband Radio Service (CBRS) extends the business model dynamics from connectivity to content, context and commerce, and the hybrid usage of Ultra High Frequency (UHF) band by Digital Terrestrial TV (DTT) and downlink Long Term Evolution (LTE) (HUHF) enables new collaborative opportunities between converging communication, Internet and media domains. The thesis validates the feasibility of spectrum sharing between mobile broadband networks and other types of incumbent spectrum users utilizing Finnish cognitive radio field trial environment (CORE), and expands the notion of spectrum sharing beyond the mobile broadband domain to be applied to other wireless systems including the media and broadcasting. The presented results can be used in developing the future mobile broadband systems enhanced with innovative spectrum sharing enabled business models to cope with the growing demand for capacity and new services by humans and machines.
The complete marine radio control manual
Spectrum sharing using cognitive radio system capabilities : methods to obtain and exploit knowledge of spectrum availability
A study of TD-CDMA and WCDMA radio network enhancements
Software Radio using Warp Fpga Board
Reconfigurable antennas and radio wave propagation at millimeter-wave frequencies
The goal of this thesis was to develop a wireless communication system for communication between the commissioner DA-Design's TV viewing measurement devices, iMeters. The final product will replace the 433 and 868 MHz Triacon radio modules currently in use. The final product had also to be compatible with the Triacon modules. The project included documenting the programming parameters of the Triacon radio modules. It also included comparing different radio chips on the market, testing the selected chip and range measurements. The project also included electronics design and prototyping. Documentation concerning the product had to be delivered to DA-Design in English, as specified by the commissioner. The radio chip selected for the future radio link was Texas Instruments CC1101. Range measurements with the CC1101 were done indoors and outdoors using the SmartRF04DK development kit. Operation of the Triacon radio modules was researched using a logic analyzer. Compatibility testing between the CC1101 and the Triacon modules was successful. PCB design for the CC1101 was done by DA-Design using as a base the Texas Instruments CC1101EM reference design.
The ARRL handbook for radio amateurs : 1995
Interference control and radio spectrum allocation in shared spectrum access
Foundation of antennas : a unified approach
Novel signal processing techniques for advanced wireless communications
Vuores Neighborhood Server - concept & prototype
The ARRL handbook for radio communications. 2008
Scheduling and admission control in opportunistic systems
Essentials of cognitive radio
Troubleshooting and repairing consumer electronics
The ARRL handbook 2010 for radio communications
New radio systems and their RF technology
The radio amateur antenna handbook
Handbook of radio and wireless technology
Five hundred wireless questions answered
Principles of digital communication systems and computer networks
Analysis, measurement and cancellation of the bandwidth and amplitude dependence of intermodulation distortion in RF power amplifiers
Statistical properties of urban WCDMA channel for mobile positioning applications
Utilizing context in location-aware short-range wireless communication
ON4UN's low-band DXing : antennas, equipment and  techniques for DXcitement on 160, 80 and 40 meters
Proceedings of URSI XXVI Convention on Radio Science and Second Finnish Wireless Communications Workshop : Tampere University of Technology, Tampere Finland, October 23-24, 2001
Simulation of radio resource management for handover in WCDMA
XXII Convention on Radio Science, University of Oulu, November 20-21, 1997
A countermeasure against frequency offset in orthogonal frequency division multiplexing communication systems
LTE-advanced : technology and performance analysis
Sähköteknillinen sanasto : Avaruusradioviestintä : space radiocommunications = Electrotechnical vocabulary
Application of GPS receiver with MATLAB algorithms
HD radio implementation : the field guide for facility conversion
Handbook for radio operators
URSI/IEEE XXIV Convention on Radio Science : Turku, 4-5 October 1999
The ARRL handbook for radio communications. 2015
Channel estimation and mobile phone positioning in CDMA based wireless communication systems
Nonlinear distortion in wideband radio receivers and analog-to-digital converters : modeling and digital suppression
Consideration of using 3G cellular network to monitor ABB’s remote circuit breakers
Statistical analysis of the wireless propagation channel and its mutual information
The RFID roadmap : the next steps for Europe
Development of wideband radio channel measurements and modeling techniques for future radio systems
Low power synchronization in wireless network
Cognitive radio networks
Secrets of RF circuit design
Radio and electronics cookbook
Security measurement for LTE/SAE during single radio voice call continuity (SRVCC)
The ARRL Handbook for Radio Amateurs. 2002
Theory of code division multiple access communication
The beginner's handbook of amateur radio
Business possibilities for Jutel Inc. in the Russian market of radio automation systems
RF measurements for cellular phones and wireless data systems
The ARRL antenna book for radio communications
Digital communication receivers : synchronization, channel estimation and signal processing
Non-coherent energy detection transceivers for Ultra Wideband Impulse radio systems
Divided into three sections, the book includes the complete syllabus for Electrotechnology Officers as specified by the Association of Marine Electronic and Radio Colleges (AMERC), with each section providing a series of questions and answers that will give the student practice at working at the examination level.The book introduces basic electronics, physical concepts of atoms and how electricity flows, conductors, insulators. It also introduces resistors, semiconductors, capacitor inductors and tuned circuits.The book explores the theory of how a range of navigational aids and radio systems work, how to operate and test them, and how to fault find to component or sub system level. Additionally, it includes theory of how radio communications systems work, how to operate them, and how to fault find to component or subsystem level.Importantly, this is the first textbook to be aimed primarily at ETOs, covering the changes to the STCW 2010.
Principles of wireless communications
Handbook for marine radio communication
Empirical modelling of the effects of tropospheric scintillation on radiowave propagation for satellite communications
Spectrum sensing techniques in cognitive radio : cyclostationary method
Power control and transmission rate management in cellular radio systems : a snapshot analysis approach
The documentation of POW
Fundamentals of antennas : concepts and applications
Dielectric rod waveguide components at sub-THz frequencies
The radio amateur's handbook
Wally : 433/868 MHz radio module.
An overview of software defined radio technologies
Wally : 433/868 MHz radio module
Integrated radio frequency synthesizers for wireless applications
Propagation of radiowaves
On performance analysis of cognitive radios
CMOS integrated circuits for RF-powered wireless temperature sensor
Ham radio for dummies
The ARRL handbook for radio amateurs. 1999 / editor R. Dean Straw
XXVIII Convention on Radio Science & IV Finnish Wireless Communications Workshop : University of Oulu, October 16-17, 2003
A wireless toolkit for monitoring applications
Sixth International Conference on mobile radio and personal communications : 9-11 December 1991, University of Warwick, Coventry
Machine learning methods for spectrum exploration and exploitation
Automation of Measurements for a Radio Frequency Transmitter and Receiver
Development and application of laser technologies at radioactive ion beam facilities
Spectrum watching implementation on cognitive radio
I/Q imbalance compensation on measured low-IF receiver front-end signals
Audio production worktext : concepts, techniques, and equipment
Introduction to RF equipment and system design
RADIO COMMUNICATION HANDBOOK 1.
Analysis of technology and business antecedents for spectrum sharing in mobile broadband networks
Radio : the life story of a technology
Multi-carrier and spread spectrum systems : from OFDM and MC-CDMA to LTE and WiMAX
In mobile communications technology, increasing demand for faster connection speeds requires more from next generation mobile networks. 3GPP is a partnership organization consisting of many corporations which have interest in the future of mobile communication technology and is responsible for specifying the next generation cellular system. This next generation system is known as LTE-Advanced, and is an evolution of the original LTE system. To achieve faster transfer of data, an increase in transmission bandwidth is considered essential. This increase of transmission bandwidth is possible with Carrier Aggregation. In LTE-Advanced Carrier Aggregation, multiple LTE carriers can be combined to widen transmission bandwidth. However, with certain frequency band configurations there would be harmonic relation between bands used to aggregate carriers. This harmonic issue would cause sensitivity degradation in User Equipment (UE). In this thesis the harmonic issue with band configuration of 4 and 17 was examined. The goal was to find the worst case scenario for sensitivity degradation and see if it correlated with what was specified by 3GPP. UE sensitivity was measured with different power levels and bandwidths of artificially created LTE SC-FDMA 3rd harmonic distortion. Sensitivity was also measured by sweeping a continuous wave (CW) carrier across the channel used by the receiver of the UE to see if some parts of the channel would be more sensitive to interference than others. The results of these measurements confirm that 3GPP specifications for the band configuration and harmonic issue in LTE-Advanced Carrier Aggregation are correct. This thesis was carried out for Nokia Corporation to support the international 3GPP standardization process.
The objective of this Bachelor’s thesis was to automate performance measurements done in the development of a radio transmitter and a receiver. The main objective was to develop measurement automation routines for five basic performance measurements using National Instruments LabVIEW as a software development environment. In order to meet this objective, a study of radio technology and their architecture was required. Additionally, a study of measurement systems and control was required. The developed software had to be modular to ease further development in future. The thesis was done for OY LM Ericsson AB site in Oulu, which is concentrated on the development of small-cell base station products. Measurement results gained with automation software were compared to those of manual measurements. As a result, main five measurements were successfully automated, and the results obtained matched those of manual measurements in terms of accuracy. Also, multiple smaller measurement automation routines were developed to ease automation development in the future. The thesis work was evaluated successful because of time and resources saved by the automation. In addition, it was possible to use the software modules in different additional measurements, for example in the testing of signal processing algorithms.
Introduction and installing of the advanced car kit
Methods for space-time parameter estimation in DS-CDMA arrays
The ARRL Handbook : for radio communications
Iterative receivers and multichannel equalisation for time division multiple access systems
Radio communication handbook. 2.
Making radio : a guide to basic broadcasting production and techniques
Improving channel sales in a software company
Ham radio's technical culture
Third Annual SMARAD Centre of Excellence Research Seminar, Helsinki University of Technology, Espoo, Finland, April 8, 2005 : seminar proceedings
Digest of technical papers
Cellular radio performance engineering
The aim of this study was to evaluate an application tool for the Company to see if the application tool would increase the use of the resources, make the selling process more effective and help the project management tasks and phases and decrease the time used for the deal. The whole delivery and sales processes from getting a lead to the final document delivery and into the project closure were examined. Additionally, the Company managers were interested in if the application tool can be used to make it easier for the Company distributors to generate accurate offers for the customers without massive help from the Company sales department. The marketing and sales functions of the Company were analysed and investigated by the researcher as well as the sales actions and functions of the company’s distributors. The methods were analysed and investigated to reveal the possible problems in the partner sales. After the thorough analyses were done, the outcomes were compared against the application tool to see if the application solves the problems. An action research approach was used as the researcher was an insider in the Company. The chosen approach may offer the researcher an easier access to information than an outsider would have. On the other hand, being the insider naturally means that the researcher must put special emphasis on the objectiveness of the study. The solution suggestions are cloud based services that are easy to implement and monitor and which are improving customer service, partner communication, and channel sales. They were chosen for the case Company instead of more traditional solutions as they better fit into the small company.
Practical RF circuit design for modern wireless systems. 1, Passive circuits and systems
Pirate radio and video : experimental transmitter projects
RFID Systems and Applications in Positioning
Contributions to analysis and DSP-based mitigation of nonlinear distortion in radio transceivers
Smarad : Smart and Novel Radios Research Unit : activity report 2002-2004
Audio, video and data telecommunications
A software defined radio implementation using MATLAB
Analog baseband circuits for WCDMA direct-conversion receivers
Integrating intelligent devices in mobile devices, endless possibilities?
Ergodic capacity and effective capacity of spectrum sharing cognitive radio with MRC over Nakagami fading : a comparative analysis
Radio resource scheduling in wireless communication systems
Integrated RF building blocks for base station applications
Harmonic interference in LTE-advanced carrier aggregation
Wireless communication systems : from RF subsystems to 4G enabling technologies
RFID technology and RF600 system
Functional metasurfaces
Digital telephony
Adaptive beamforming and power control in wireless communication systems
Assessment of diversity techniques in a microcellular radio propagation channel
Efficient data transport in wireless overlay networks
Old radio sets
A broadcast engineering tutorial for non-engineers
Importance of application specific antennas on passive long-range RFID system performance
Radio production worktext : studio and equipment
Radio-frequency and microwave communication circuits : analysis and design
The ARRL handbook for radio communications. 2017
Radio Station
RAD research and education 2011
CMOS circuits for digital RF systems
Introduction to electromagnetic wave propagation
Syntony and spark : the origins of radio
Automation of measurements for a radio frequency transmitter and receiver
Principles of cognitive radio
Circuits at the nanoscale : communications, imaging, and sensing
Multiuser demodulation for DS-CDMA systems in fading channels
C
Wireless technology evaluation for the Vuores suburb
The Finnish radio-sound and its use
Research and education 1999
Mariner's guide to marine communications : a practical guide
Enhanced spectrum sensing techniques for cognitive radio systems
Development of planar antennas for mobile and access-point devices
Digital communications : fundamentals and applications
Short-range wireless technology : Ultra Wide Band and wireless USB
The electrical system of POW
Cognitive wireless communication networks
Build your own intelligent amateur radio transceiver
