http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18568 memorial stones
memorial stones
The Pollaiuolo brothers : the arts of Florence and Rome
The rock tombs of Deir el Gebrâwi. Part 2, Tomb of Zau and tombs of the northern group
Rites of place : public commemoration in Russia and Eastern Europe
The rock tombs of Deir el Gebrâwi. Part 1, Tomb of Aba and smaller tombs of the southern group
W poszukiwaniu polskich grobów w Japonii = Nihon ni okeru pōrandojin bohi no tansaku = In search of Polish graves in Japan
The tomb-builders of the pharaohs
Stone conservation : principles and practice
Seven wonders of the ancient world
Guide to the valley of the kings
Judaic ceremonial objects in Romania
Summary in Finnish.
The disappearing tombstone and other stories from Emona
Conservation of historic graveyards seminar : abstracts
Catalogue : Etruria and Central Italy 450-30 B.C
The rock tombs of El Amarna. Part 4, The tombs of Penthu, Mahu, and others
Roman military tombstones
The merry cemetery : a sentimental monograph
The tombs of two officials of Tuthmosis the fourth (Nos. 75 and 90)
Carried to the wall : American memory and the Vietanm veterans memorial
Columbarium tombs and collective identity in Augustan Rome
Researching your graveyard
Anatolian sepulchral stelae in Roman times
"Everything created by God is pure" : the image of God in Emanuel Vigeland's programme of art in his Tomba Emmanuelle in Oslo
Danish summary.
Paris : a musical gazetteer
The sea their graves : an archaeology of death and remembrance in maritime culture
The tombs of the Kalhora chiefs in Hyderabad
Conservation of historic graveyards
Classical and Christian : studies in the Latin epitaphs of medieval and Renaissance Rome
Rural markets in North Africa and the political economy of the Roman Empire
Where are they buried? How did they die?
Phrygian rock-cut shrines and other religious monuments : a study of structure, function and cult practice
Gods and pharaohs of Ancient Egypt
Magic stones : the secret world of ancient megaliths
The tombs of the nobles at Luxor
Vetra ne khambha, memorials for the dead : wooden figures and memorial slabs of Chodri, Gamit, and Vasava tribes, South Gujarat, India
The rock tombs of Meir. Part 4, The tomb-chapel of Pepi'onkh the middle son of Sebkhotpe and Pekhernefert (D, No. 2)
The restorer
Death and the emperor : Roman imperial funerary monuments from Augustus to Marcus Aurelius
Early Japanese art : the great tombs and treasures
Rest lightly : an anthology of Latin and Greek tomb inscriptions
Egyptian pyramids and Mastaba tombs : of the Old and Middle Kingdoms
Peasant tombstones in Serbia
Late antique Egyptian funerary sculpture : images for this world and the next
Taj Mahal : the illuminated tomb : an anthology of seventeenth-century Mughal and European documentary sources
Death in East Germany, 1945-1990
Themes in Greek and Latin epitaphs
Early-christian epitaphs from Anatolia
Cemeteries of Europe : a historical heritage to appreciate and restore
Graven images : New England stonecarving and its symbols, 1650-1815
The tomb and its significance in ancient Egypt
Taj Mahal and the saga of the great Mughals
Tombstones provide the largest single category of epigraphical evidence from the ancient world. However, epigraphy - the study of inscriptions - remains, for many students of history and archaeology, an abstruse subject. By marrying epigraphy and death, the contributors to this collection hope to encourage a wider audience to consider the importance of inscribed tombstones.
The imperial Ming tombs
Death and mourning rituals in online environments : lectio praecursoria 8.8.2014
Art & political expression in early China
Shisan ling = The Ming tombs
Bruce Nauman : Elliott's stones
Greeks on the Black Sea : ancient art from the Hermitage
The rock tombs of Meir. Part 3, The tomb-chapel of Ukh-Hotp son of Ukh-hotp and Mersi (B, No. 4)
The necropolis of Cyrene : two hundred years of exploration
Carved stones : Scottish executive policy and guidance
The universal sentiments expressed in this anthology of inscriptions and epitaphs portray a poignant slice of ancient lives: their joy in the temporal life, their grief at its passing, and their faith in an eternal life of bliss. Rest Lightly includes 29 tomb inscriptions and an additional 13 plates/illustrations from the 1st through the 7th centuries with transcriptions, annotations and verse translations into English.
The family vault of the Dukes of Courland
The painted tombs of Oaxaca, Mexico : living with the dead
Cultural studies on death and dying in Scandinavia
Memoria Virtualis : death and mourning rituals in online environments
The monuments of Seti I : epigraphic, historical, and art historical analysis
The rock tombs of Meir. Part 2, The tomb-chapel of Senbi's son Ukh-hotp (B, No. 2)
"The Disappearing Tombstone" is a collection of ten stories about real people, who once lived in Emona or the surrounding countryside. These stories shed light on the everyday lives and often highly unusual fates of these people. The eleventh story reveals why the Romans believed that Emona had been founded by Jason and his Argonauts. The myth would lead later historians to believe that Emona was older than Rome.
Anatomy of a restoration : the Brancacci Chapel
Etruscan tomb-groups : ancient pottery and bronzes in Chicago's Field Museum of Natural History
Bereavement and commemoration : an archaeology of mortality
Jewish funerary customs, practices and rites in the Second Temple period
The treasures of the Valley of the Kings : tombs and temples of the Theban west bank in Luxor
Tallinn Cathedral Burials and Tomb Monuments
Sources of financial assistance for the conservation of Scotland's historic graveyards
The first volume of Young Lukanian Archaeologists (YLA) sub-series examines monumental votive offerings (tripods or pedestals which supported statues, or fragments of statuary groups more complex) by Western Greeks of Magna Graecia and Sicily (also Massaliotes and Etruscans) in the Sanctuary of Apollo at Delphi between 6th and 4th centuries BC. The presence of Italian and Sicilian cities, from the lists of teorodochi and prosseni in the sanctuary, coincides with the most prosperous period of their history. Some of these dedications are known only through literary sources, while others are still detectable in the themenos. These are fragments with inscriptions that refer to imposing and prestigious offerings. The data collected show that the most important dedications are related to the 6th-4th centuries BC.
Emotions carved in stone? : the social handling of death as expressed on Hellenistic grave stelai from Smyrna & Kyzikos
Life and afterlife in Ancient Egypt during the Middle Kingdom and second intermediate period
Death in the Eastern Mediterranean (50-600 A.D.) : the Christianization of the East: an interpretation
A jewel of Mughal India : the Mausoleum of I'timad ud-Daulah
Notes on some monuments in Afghanistan
Society and death in ancient Egypt : mortuary landscapes of the Middle Kingdom
Portraits of children on Roman funerary monuments
Barclay de Tolly mausoleum
The epigraphy of death : studies in the history and society of Greece and Rome
The rock tombs of El Amarna. Part 6, Tombs of Parennefer, Tutu, and Aÿ
Emergency measures for historic memorials : a short guide for cemetery managers
The tomb of Antefoker, vizier of Sesostris I, and of his wife, Senet (No. 60)
Gravestone and epigram : Greek memorials from the archaic and classical period
Mortuary landscapes of North Africa
The royal tomb at El-'Amarna. 1, The objects
Zhongguo huang di ling = Imperial mausoleums of China
Inscribing sorrow : fourth-century Attic funerary epigrams
Life, death and representation : some new work on Roman sarcophagi
Carski mauzoleǰi i konsekrativni spomenici u Felix Romuliani Gamzigrad, Istočna Srbiǰa = Imperial mausolea and consecration memorials in Relix Romuliana Gamzigrad, East Serbia
Funerary stelae from Kom Abou Billou
The architectural art of ancient China
The Licinian tomb : fact or fiction ?
This book offers the first comprehensive study of the funerary monuments made for the Roman emperors. These monuments, which include the Mausoleum of Augustus, Trajan's Column, and the Column of Marcus Aurelius, are among the best known and most extensively excavated and documented structures of Roman antiquity. Because of their diversity of forms and decorative programs, however, they have been examined in isolation from one another and from a limited number of perspectives. In this study, Penelope J. E. Davies examines these commemorative arches, obelisks and other types of architecture with a view to determining the political or ritual motivations behind their designs. She demonstrates that these monuments served a dual role, as memorials to the dead and as accession monuments that would guarantee dynastic continuity for the monarchy on the precarious occasion of the emperor's death.
Wall paintings of the tomb of Nefertari : scientific studies for their conservation : first progress report July, 1987 = Al-Nuqūš al-ǧidārīya li-maqbara Nifirtārī
Gunnar Finnen Gustaf Matssonin hautamuistomerkki = The Gustaf Matsson tombstone by Gunnar Finne / Leena Ahtola-Moorhouse
The rock tombs of El Amarna. Part 1, The tomb of Meryra
Roman sarcophagi in the Metropolitan Museum of Art
Memorials to the Roman dead
This study deals with expressions of emotions in Hellenistic funerary art. The material for this study consists of 245 grave reliefs from the Greek cities of Smyrna and Kyzikos in Western Asia Minor; mostly dated to the second century BCE. The aim of this thesis is to examine emotional responses as expressed in Hellenistic funerary art and epigraphy. More specifically it is my purpose to extract emotional responses and study them as a means of social and cultural communication. I argue that we cannot understand subjective emotional experiences of people in past societies, but that we might be able to look at the social and cultural expectations that dictated how people were to behave in emotional terms and how this manifested itself in material expressions. The results of this study suggest that it is possible to detect personal expressions of grief, affection, and longing in the source material. Combined images and epitaphs of individuals named and portrayed determined the emotional content they possessed. By examining the whole context of the tombstones, its setting and the experience of the intended viewer(s) it is possible to determine its consoling function. The social handling of death, especially untimely deaths, together with the mere confrontation of death and our own mortality in general, is a recurrent theme. All this is expressed within the confines of acceptable societal behaviour. The emotional semiotics that confronts us ranges in content from solemn expressions of introspective mourning in the case of Smyrna to more explicit outpourings of grief in the case of Kyzikos.
The rock tombs of El Amarna. Part 5, Smaller tombs and boundary stelae
Constructing identity : the Roman funerary monuments of Aquileia, Mainz and Nîmes
Fourth-century Attic grave epigrams reflect a transitional phase in the evolution of the genre of epigram. They testify to a shift of interest towards social issues such as the family, the deceased's age and profession. In a turbulent period of restlessness and uncertainty that followed the devastating Peloponnesian war, the commemoration of the departed in private monuments became an effective mechanism of displaying publicly a new set of social concerns. It is within these contexts that special emphasis has been put on the composition of sepulchral epigrams, their gradual autonomization and sophistication. This book explores this decisive phase in the evolution of the epigram by reconstructing as many ancient contexts as possible on the one hand, and studying sepulchral epigrams as a poetic art on the other.
Trapezoid tombstones in Estonia
The rock tombs of El Amarna. Part 3, The tombs of Huya and Ahmes
The ascia symbol on Latin epitaphs
Tomb sculpture : four lectures on its changing aspects from Ancient Egypt to Bernini
Granite funerary stelae from Augusta Emerita
Writing the dead : death and writing strategies in the Western tradition
Columbarium tombs are among the most recognizable forms of Roman architecture and also among the most enigmatic. The subterranean collective burial chambers have repeatedly sparked the imagination of modern commentators, but their origins and function remain obscure. Columbarium Tombs and Collective Identity in Augustan Rome situates columbaria within the development of Roman funerary architecture and the historical context of the early Imperial period. Contrary to earlier scholarship that often interprets columbaria primarily as economic burial solutions, Dorian Borbonus shows that they defined a community of people who were buried and commemorated collectively. Many of the tomb occupants were slaves and freed slaves, for whom collective burial was one strategy of community building that counterbalanced their exclusion in Roman society. Columbarium tombs were thus sites of social interaction that provided their occupants with a group identity that, this book shows, was especially relevant during the social and cultural transformation of the Augustan era.
The Theban necropolis : past, present, and future
The art of the Yellow Springs : understanding Chinese tombs
Five Theban tombs : (being those of Mentuherkhepeshef, User, Daga, Nehemawäy and Tati)
The Maussoleion at Halikarnassos. Vol. 1, The sacrificial deposit
Memory, mourning, landscape
Death, materiality and mediation : an ethnography of remembrance in Ireland
The mastaba of Ptahhetep and Akhethetep at Saqqareh. Part 1, The chapel of Ptahhetep and the hieroglyphs
The tomb of Amenemhēt (No. 82)
Symposia : journal for studies in ethnology and anthropology. 2004
The mastaba of Ptahhetep and Akhethetep at Saqqareh. Part 2, The mastaba. The sculptures of Akhethetep
Tutankhamen : life and death of a pharaoh
The rock tombs of El Amarna. Part 2, The tombs of Panehesy and Meryra II
Roman cinerary urns in Stockholm collections
The rock tombs of Sheikh Saïd
