http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18581 valuables
valuables
The Amber Room : the fate of the world's greatest lost treasure
Pleasure with products : beyond usability
The lost years
Bride of a wicked Scotsman
Something fresh
Practices of wealth depositing in the 1st-9th century AD eastern Baltic
Stoned : jewelry, obsession, and how desire shapes the world
The collector's cabinet : tales, facts & fictions from the world of antiques
The treasure
Treasures of the British museum
Brahekyrkan : Grevens skattkammare = Brahe Church : the count's treasury
Aurora Karamzin and the stages of power : [exhibition catalogue] = Avrora Karamzina i podmostki vlasti : [katalog vystavki]
Militaria, arms & armour
The Russian imperial award system during the reign of Nicholas II 1894-1917
The antiques magpie : a compendium of absorbing history, stories and facts from the world of antiques
The metal detecting bible : helpful tips, expert tricks and insider secrets for finding hidden treasures
Defining new directions for user experience design
The gift and its paradoxes : beyond Mauss
The treasure of Troy : Heinrich Schliemann's excavations
The sacred vault
Encouraging collections mobility : a way forward for museums in Europe / editor-in-chief: Susanna Pettersson ; editors: Monika Hagedorn-Saupe, Teijamari Jyrkkiö, Astrid Weij
Preserving what is valued : Museums, Conservation, and First Nations
Ancient Rome as a Museum considers how cultural objects from the Roman Empire came to reflect, construct, and challenge Roman perceptions of power and identity. Rutledge argues that Roman cultural values are indicated in part by what sort of materials Romans deemed worthy of display and how they chose to display, view, and preserve them.
The last templar. 2, The knight in the crypt
The last templar. 1, The encoder
The illustrated history of textiles
Sotheby's guide : antiques and their prices worldwide. 1990
The "treasure houses of Austria" : the Austrian State Archives
Night at the museum 2
Conservation treatment methodology
Masterpieces of the British museum
Sephardi jews in the Ottoman empire : aspects of material culture
Sensitive objects : affect and material culture
Ancient Rome as a museum : power, identity, and the culture of collecting
Collectables handbook & price guide
Dead man's time
What secrets will the stolen encoder reveal? The investigation onto the museum raid continues, but it's a difficult one. One of the four 'knights' has already died in his - guarded - hospital room, and FBI Agent Reilly is unknowingly engaged in a race to find the other thieves before the mysterious assassins try to eliminate them. Meanwhile, young archaeologist Tess Chaykin is following up the Templar lead - one that the FBI considers too far-fetched to be worth looking into.
The crown jewels : the official illustrated history
International loans, bonds and securities regulation
Good design : deconstructing form and function and what makes good design work
The last gospel
The system of objects
The value of things / Neil Cummings and Marysia Lewandowska
Gems : the world's greatest treasures and their stories
Dress at the court of King Henry VIII
The Russian imperial award system during the reign of Nicholas II, 1894-1917 / Ulla Tillander-Godenhielm ; toimittaja = redaktör = editor Torsten Edgren
Material culture in the social world : values, activities, lifestyles
Chinese treasures in Istanbul
Eye of the red tsar
The things we value : culture and history in Solomon Islands
The internet of things shapes industrial ecosystems (English Summary)
Women and jewelry : a social approach to wearing and possessing jewelry
Lost treasure ships of the northern seas : a guide and gazetteer to 2000 years of shipwreck
This PhD thesis discusses the practices of wealth depositing in the 1st-9th century AD eastern Baltic (Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania). Wealth deposits are one or more valued object/s that is/are hidden deliberately as an intended separate deposition in a selected place in a specific, distinguishable manner. Wealth depositing is regarded as an important cultural practice which relates to and derives from various past social phenomena and changes respectively in spatial and temporal terms. It is emphasised that wealth deposits should be analysed as a cohesive corpus of material, regardless of specific artefact types, functional groups, production material, environment of concealment, and most importantly without any predetermined interpretation categorisations.00The dissertation presents different patterned practices of concealing valuables in the 1st-9th century AD eastern Baltic through a detailed contextual analysis of their main material characteristics: artefacts, their assemblages and appearance, environment of concealment, chronology and location in the cultural landscape. The study demonstrates how depositional practices change in time and space, and analyses relations between specific depositional practices and developments on a wider social scale. A comparative analysis of wealth deposits and important social changes in contemporary society based on overall archaeological material is presented. The key regional and cross-regional practices of wealth depositing in the 1st-9th century AD eastern Baltic are identified. Additionally, further comparisons are drawn between depositional practices in the eastern Baltic and other parts of the Baltic Sea region, especially Scandinavia.
The secret museum
Golden moments : artefacts of precious metals as products of luxury consumption in Finland c. 1200-1600.. 1, Text
Golden moments : artefacts of precious metals as products of luxury consumption in Finland c. 1200-1600.. 2, Catalogue
