http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18513 agricultural work
agricultural work
A simulation model for planning of hay harvesting machinery systems and management
Essays on migration
Women's work in Third World agriculture : concepts and indicators
Women in agricultural development : FAO's plan of action
Economic growth and employment structure : a study of labour outmigration from agriculture in developing countries
Farm anatomy : the curious parts & pieces of country life
New work possibilities in the countryside and protection of environment and workers
Abstract.
Policy and economic performance in divided Korea during the Cold War era : 1945-91
Rural income generation and diversification : a case study in Eastern Zambia
The rising of the agricultural labourers : nine pamphlets and six broadsides 1830-1831
Labor, employment and agricultural development in West Asia and North Africa
The dynamics of hired farm labour : constraints and community responses
The least developed countries report 2011 : the potential role of South-South cooperation for inclusive and sustainable development
The Finnish economy is returning to growth
Effects of the CAP on the social situation of farm workers in the European Community
An integrated simulation model of hay growth, harvesting and barn drying
Simple living : an illustrated workbook for the new farm and home
Physical work and ergonomics in dairy farming : effects of occupationally oriented medical rehabilitation and environmental measures
Labor and rainfed agriculture in West Asia and North Africa
Agricultural exposures and cancer
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja 2014 = Landbrukstatistisk årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics
China and other emerging actors in Africa
Work and production on manors in the Baltic Sea region : 1700-1900
Gender equality in global value chains and the role of Aid for Trade in promoting gender equality and women’s employment in developing countries
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja 2008 = Landbrukstatistik årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics
Productive men, reproductive women : the agrarian household and the emergence of separate spheres in the German Enlightenment
The abstracts of the finnish texts in swedish, english and german languages.
Spatial turns of manufacturing since 1970.
Agricultural workers in the USSR
Well-being at work on farms in Finland : stress, safety in animal handling and working conditions of women on dairy farms
Agricultural household models : extensions, applications, and policy
Stress among Finnish farm entrepreneurs
Principles of health and safety in agriculture
Profitable farm mechanization
Work simplification in agriculture
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja 2014 = Landbrukstatistik årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics
Farming simulator 17 : Xbox One
Changing works : visions of a lost agriculture
Working environment in farm buildings : results of studies in livestock buildings and greenhouses
Safety of autonomous agricultural tractor-implement combinations with ISOBUS capabilities
Farming simulator 17 : PlayStation 4
Ergonomical problems in agriculture, especially for part-time and ageing farmers
Evolution and implementation of multifunctionality-related policies in China and Finland
Cultivating gender : meanings of place and work in rural Vietnam
Part-time farming : Austria, France, Belgium, Canada, Finland, Ireland, Italy, Netherlands, New Zealand, Switzerland
Women in rural society in the 19th and 20th centuries
Women and children as work force on the farm
Energy in farm production
U.S. agriculture and foreign workers : an annotated bibliography
Wage labour and unfreedom in agriculture : an Indian case study
Implementation of interventions in the CHIMACA project
The debate on the origins of modern gender norms continues unabated across the academic disciplines. This book adds an important and hitherto neglected dimension. Focusing on rural life and its values, the author argues that the modern ideal of separate spheres originated in the era of the Enlightenment. Prior to the eighteenth century, cultural norms prescribed active,interdependent economic roles for both women and men. Enlightenment economists transformed these gender paradigms as they postulated a market exchange system directed exclusively by men. By the early nineteenth century, the emerging bourgeois value system affirmed the new civil society and the market place as exclusively male realms. These standards defined women's options largely as marriage and motherhood.
Women, agricultural intensification, and household food security : proceedings of the workshop Women, Agricultural Intensification and Household Food Security, held at the Sasakawa Centre, University of Cape Coast, Ghana, 25-28 June 1996
Measurement of airborne animal-related antigens in the agricultural environment and the humoral responses of farmers
"The Korean peninsula during the Cold War provided a cruel but historically unparalleled real-world "experiment" in the relationship between polity and material advance: an ethnically and culturally homogenous nation was, in 1945, suddenly divided by an arbitrary boundary line and then subjected to two radically different and adversarial political economies for successive decades on end. Assessing the competition between the North and South Korean economies from partition to the end of the Soviet era, Nicholas Eberstadt argues that the storyline is not quite as simple as the now-prevailing narrative suggests (that centrally-planned economies are doomed to fail against market-oriented alternatives). Rather, he suggests, the race for material progress was just that: a race, the results of which were far from preordained at the outset. In Policy and Economic Performance in Divided Korea during the Cold War Era: 1945-91, Eberstadt presents an impressive compilation of hard-to-find comparative data on economic performance for the Democratic People's Republic of Korea (DPRK, or North Korea) and the Republic of Korea (ROK, or South Korea) over two critical generations. By a number of indicators, Eberstadt argues, Kim Il Sung's North Korea actually outperformed South Korea for much of this period -- not only in the years immediately following partition, but perhaps also into the 1970s. To explain these surprising results, Eberstadt details the impact of government policies on the course of growth of both economies and offers some unorthodox observations about material performance under these two contending polities. He finds that prevailing economic development theory on such issues as planned-versus-market economies, military burden, and the relationship between material advance and poverty, may require reexamination in light of the experience of the two Koreas between partition and the end of the Cold War." --Back cover.
Well-being at work on farms in Finland : stress, safety in animal handling and working conditions of women on dairy farm
9th Joint International Ergonomics Symposium "Working postures in agriculture and forestry" CIGR/IAAMRH/IUFRO : June 9-12, 1987, Kuopio, Finland : abstracts
From grandmother's shears to the shield of Achilles : a look at the European dimension of the Finnish folk culture
The village labourer 1760-1832 : a study in the government of England before the reform bill
The land girls
Fair trade coffee in Nicaragua : impacts of certified production on cooperatives, farmers and laborers
In this article, the geographical transformation of the Finnish manufacturing sector since the 1970s is analysed. Changes in manufacturing employment by municipalities are used as central indicators of the transformation. The urban-rural shift, deindustralisation, and emergence of the new economy have all occurred during the last three decades.A trend surface analysis indicates that manufacturing employment increased all over the country in the 1970s. The growth was higher the more northern and eastern the municipality's location. This pattern was conformable to the goals of the Finnish regional policy of the 1970s. Deindustrialisation plagued the economy from the early 1980s to the mid-1990s, and its negative labour force impacts were focused especially on the southern mature industrial cities. The industrial policy of the 1980s was without much result. Finally, the crisis of the early 1990s ruined a considerable part of industrial performance everywhere in the country. The era of telecommunications-driven economic growth in the 1990s led to the geographical pattern of growing employment in few urban areas and some localities adjacent to cities. The long, vigorous growth period (up to the year 2001), comparable with the growth of the late 1960s and early 1970s, diffused to rural municipalities, but the geographical pattern of this boom was oriented more towards the west and south than in the 1970s.
Anti-corruption handbook for development practitioners
Synthetic worlds : emerging technologies in education and economics
Urban informal sector information : needs and methods
Improving virtual teamwork in an international project
Work-station design for manual handling of sacks in loading a combined drill
Gender in agriculture sourcebook
Agriculture in the nordic countries, working postures - overview of the problems
Farm blacksmithing : practical hints for handy-men
The village labourer. Vol. 2
Essays on agricultural and environmental policy
A kézi aratás járulékos eszközei = The auxiliary implements of manual harvesting
Gender in agriculture and agro-processing in Lebanon
Professional Farmer 2017 : PS4
Cold working environments on dairy farms in Finland
Farm women's occupational safety and well-being at work
Suomen tilastollinen vuosikirja 2005 = Statistisk årsbok för Finland 2005 = Statistical yearbook of Finland 2005.
The First Finnish-Soviet Symposium on Occupational Health and Safety in Agriculture, 21-25 August 1989, Research Centre Neulanen, Kuopio, Finland
Structural change, wage formation and economic growth in low-income countries
Farming simulator 15 : PlayStation 4
Gender and rural modernity : farm women and the politics of labor in Germany, 1871-1933
Climate-smart agriculture : possible roles of agricultural universities in a strengthened Norwegian climate change engagement in Africa
Computing time and energy requirements to assess tractor operational efficiency : application to a plowing operation
Agricultural simulator 2012 : best in farming : PC CD-ROM
English abstract.
Videorecordings and direct observations for studying working postures on tractors
Labor in the rural household economy of the Zairian basin
Path planning algorithms for agricultural field machines
Hire services by farmers for farmers
Professional Farmer 2017 : XboxOne
Feeding our families
The farm safety handbook
The village labourer
Kotirintaman naiset. kausi 2 / ceated by Roland Moore
Workload in sack-handling
Professional Farmer 2016 (PS4)
A base model for discrete event simulation of field operations in agriculture using Simula and DEMOS
Budget support policy/political dialogue : donor practices in handling (political) crises
Diploma of Higher Education : Competence modules for everyone
Agricultural contracting in the United Kingdom
Sahajanand on agricultural labour and the rural poor
Farming simulator 2012 3D : Nintendo 3DS
Farming simulator 15 : PS4
Professional farmer 2017 : Xbox One
Children's work in the livestock sector : herding and beyond
The development of large-scale agricultural mechanization required to sustain food production, combined with limited conventional fuel resources, spurs on to better assess the time and energy investments required for commodities production. The proposed analysis is based on the description of field working dynamics collected on an experimental tractor during a plowing operation. The energy needs can there be characterized as having a dual alternating profile, depending on the tractor working phase within the field. As a result, two field oriented performance indicators consisting in time efficiency [h.ha-1] and area specific consumption [l.ha-1] are defined out of the profile characteristics. A model converting the draft of an implement into an engine running point is then developed to compute these indicators. The model is fitted on data collected over conventional bench tests, and is validated by an application to a plowing operation. Lastly, a sensitivity analysis on the operational parameters is conducted.
The village labourer. Vol. 1
Organization of farm work
Wage determination in rural labour markets : the theory of implicit co-operation
Gender economics in action : rural women's economic citizenship in Finland during the twentieth century
Labor markets in transformation : case studies of Latin America
Physical work and ergonomics in dairy farming : effects of occupationally oriented rehabilitation and environmental measures
Agricultural hand tools in emergencies : guidelines for technical and field officers
XXIV CIOSTA-CIGR V, August 27-30 1990, Helsinki, Finland : XXIV Congress of International Committee of Work Study and Labour Management in Agriculture and Section V of the International Commission of Agricultural Engineering = XXIV Kongress des Internationalen Ringes für Landarbeit und Sektion V der Vereinigung für Agrartechnik : congress proceedings
Agricultural engineering in development : selection of mechnization inputs
The Finnish economy is returning to growth. Economic data have strengthened, and leading indicators suggest growth continuing through the forecast years. However, this growth is entirely dependent on domestic demand, and net exports remain weak. The Finnish economy is still lagging behind activity in the rest of the euro area, and real GDP will not recover its pre-financial crisis level even by the end of the forecast period. Meanwhile, the increasing role of the service sector in the economy slows productivity growth and the decline in the working-age population also dampens longer-term prospects. The Bank of Finland forecast foresees 1.1% GDP growth in 2016. The economy will continue to grow by 1.1% in 2017 and 1.0% in 2018..
Use of horses in forestry and agriculture breeding of working horses : proceedings of International Seminar on Working Horses : Kouvola and Anjalankoski, Finland, July 30-31, 1999
International business : the new realities
Gendered fields : rural women, agriculture and environment
Getting along with Gulliver : a review of Finnish-German relations
Development of national producer organizations and specialized business units in Mozambique : a study for the Royal Norwegian Society for Development to prepare a new phase of programme collaboration
Occupational exposure to airborne spores of fungi and actinomycetes with special emphasis on agricultural work
Norwegian support to Bunda College of Agriculture - phase II : an evaluation
OECD economic outlook
Cooperatives as a tool for poverty reduction and promoting business in Tanzania
