http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18550 religious behaviour
religious behaviour
Fanaticism : on the uses of an idea
Globalization and the Muslim world : culture, religion, and modernity
New religious movements and rapid social change
Tikopia ritual and belief
Religious life in a Finnish retirement migrant community : diasporic and transnational perspectives
A study of patient's spiritual experience and spiritual needs when confronted with life threatening illnesses
Identity in adolescence : processes and contents
Japanese religions
Religion and the individual : belief, practice, identity
Sacred pleasure : sex, myth, and the politics of the body
Religious observances in Tibet : patterns and function
Before the modernist transformations of the twentieth century, China had one of the richest and most diverse religious cultures in the world. This book shows that economic reforms and the concurrent relaxation of religious policies have provided fertile ground for the revitalization of a wide array of religious practices.
"This comprehensive, up-to-date volume offers compelling concepts and evidence on a broad spectrum of topics. As a text, it would be ideal in graduate courses in psychology, religious studies, and public health. The coverage of links between spirituality, religion, and health and disease issues is especially exciting." - Carl E. Thoresen, PhD, Professor Emeritus of Education, Psychology and Psychiatry/Behavioral Sciences, Stanford University,USA "A vital contribution to a vibrant and growing field of study. Paloutzian and Park have once again organized leading scholars to provide the latest research findings across major areas of both historical and contemporary relevance. Those steeped in the field will appreciate the synthetic focus on key issues, the interdisciplinary sophistication, and the attention to diversity. Newcomers to the psychology of religion and spirituality will find the chapters accessible, with a helpful overview of each area. This is an excellent text for graduate courses and an essential resource for researchers." - Steven J. Sandage, PhD, Albert and Jesse Danielsen Professor of Psychology and Theology at Boston University and the Danielsen Institute, USA "Paloutzian and Park have done it again! This second edition matches the quality of its predecessor in providing a comprehensive review of current research. Chapters have been revised and others added that cast the net even farther over interdisciplinary and cross-cultural waters. Scholars and students will benefit greatly from having this valuable reference in hand; clinicians and those working in religious settings should not be without it." - W. Paul Williamson, PhD, Henderson State University, Arkansas, USA "The volume captures the intense fascination with religion and spirituality shared by authors from diverse psychological subdisciplines, as well as the complexity of the issues we face in creating a cohesive scientific agenda. The chapters are thoughtful, informed, and provocative, and they demonstrate how disciplinary perspectives shape definitions, what we search for, and what we find." - Susan Folkman, PhD, University of California, USA "The second edition of the Handbook brings this exciting, evolving field fully up to date, with chapters from a 'who's who' of leading scholars. All serious researchers, teachers, and clinicians who are engaged with the psychology of religion and spirituality must have this volume on their shelves. It also will be of great value as a graduate course text. I know my own copy will become well worn." - Thomas G. Plante, PhD, ABPP, Santa Clara University, USA
Shamans, nostalgias, and the IMF : South Korean popular religion in motion
The haunting fetus : abortion, sexuality, and the spirit world in Taiwan
Coming out, coming home : making room for gay spirituality in therapy
Religious tourism : development - characteristics - perspectives
The biology of religious behavior : the evolutionary origins of faith and religion
Psychology and western religion
Handbook of the psychology of religion and spirituality
The elementary forms of religious life
Religion and intelligence : an evolutionary analysis
Bad religion : the psychology of religious misbehavior
Religion and customs of the Uraons
Atheism and deism revalued : heterodox religious identities in Britain, 1650-1800
Why are women more religious than men?
Biography of a Mexican crucifix : lived religion and local faith from the conquest to the present
Rational choice theory and religion : summary and assessment
Martyrdom is not only a sharply contested term and act, but it has a long history of provoking controversy. One person's 'martyr' is another's 'terrorist', and one person's 'martyrdom operation' is another's 'suicide bombing'. Suicide attacks have made recurring questions about martyrdom more pertinent to current discussions. What is martyrdom? Why are some people drawn towards giving up their lives as martyrs? What place does religion play in inciting and creating martyrs? How are martyrs made? Why are some martyrs and martyrdoms remembered more than others? How helpful is the distinction between active and passive martyrdoms? In order both to answer such questions and to understand the contemporary debates about martyrdom, it is helpful to consider its diverse roots. In this Very Short Introduction, Jolyon Mitchell provides a historical analysis to shed light on how the concept and practice of martyrdom has evolved, as well as the different ways in which it is used today.
In this comprehensive review of research on the relationship between intelligence and religion, Edward Dutton conclusively demonstrates that the more intelligent are less religious than the less intelligent both within countries and across the world. He also shows that intelligence is negatively associated with other ideologies, including Marxism and Romantic nationalism, which he argues are comparable to religions. The paradox that some highly intelligent people are religious is explained by personality factors.
Studying Hinduism in practice
Religious development in childhood and youth : an empirical study
Émile Durkheim : critical assessments. Vol. 3
Riane Eisler shows us how history has consistently promoted the link between sex and violence—and how we can sever this link and move to a politics of partnership rather than domination in all our relations.
Casting out anger : religion among the Taita of Kenya
Domestic religion : work, food, sex, and other commitments
Magic and religion in medieval England
"... so help me, God" : the U.S. presidents in perspective
The Jewishness of Israelis : responses to the Guttman report
Dividing politics along sectarian lines in Lebanon : the religious subject in Lebanese politics
Tibetan diary : from birth to death and beyond in a Himalayan valley of Nepal
Anthropology and theology
Teenage religion : an enquiry into attitudes and possibilities among British boys and girls in secondary modern schools
Dancing for Hathor : women in ancient Egypt
Religion in modern life
Religion in childhood and adolescence : a comprehensive review of the research
Group dynamics in the religious life
Religion is more than a matter of worshipping a deity or spirit. For many people, religion pervades every part of their lives and is not separated off into some purely private and personal realm. Religion is integral to many people's relationship with the wider world, an aspect of their dwelling among other beings - both human and other-than-human - and something manifested in the everyday world of eating food, having sex and fearing strangers. "Food, Sex and Strangers" offers alternative ways of thinking about what religion involves and how we might better understand it. Drawing on studies of contemporary religions, especially among indigenous peoples, the book argues that religion serves to maintain and enhance human relationships in and with the larger-than-human world. Fundamentally, religion can be better understood through the ways we negotiate our lives than in affirmations of belief - and it is best seen when people engage in intimate acts with themselves and others.
Apetales : exploring the deep roots of religious cognition
Nine lives : in search of the sacred in modern India
The religions book
Why Gods persist : a scientific approach to religion
Religious freedom, religious discrimination, and the workplace
Landscapes, gender, and ritual space : the ancient Greek experience
Religion in contemporary China : revitalization and innovation
Faith and Finance : predicting religious conversions in faith-based microfinance customers
Religion and society in nineteenth-century Japan : a study of the southern Kantō region, using late Edo and eary Meiji gazetteers
Hegemony and culture : politics and religious change among the Yoruba
Marketing the menacing fetus in Japan
Culture shock and multiculturalism : reclaiming a useful model from the religious realm
Religion in the medieval West
An anthology of writings on the Ganga : goddess and river in history, culture, and society
How to be a perfect stranger : a guide to etiquette in other people's religious ceremonies
Attachment, evolution, and the psychology of religion
Existential questions in early youth and adolescence
Relating religion : essays in the study of religion
Growing up in multi-faith Britain : explorations in youth, ethnicity and religion
Historical role analysis in the study of religious change : mass educational development in Norway, 1740-1891
Gender and popular religion : women as religious leaders and participants in revivalist movements in Northern Sweden, 1770-1870
The divine supermarket : travels in search of the soul of America
In gods we trust : the evolutionary landscape of religion
The French text of the Ancrene Riwle
Arguments and icons : divergent modes of religiosity
What is religion?
Darsan (to see) Lord Shiva in Varanasi : visual process and the representation of God by seven ricksha-drivers
Draws on a broad range of scientific evidence to theorize an evolutionary basis for religion, considering how religion may have served as an essential component of early society survival and that the brain may be inherently inclined toward religious behavior.
(un)Fashion
Acts of faith : explaining the human side of religion
Religion across borders : transnational immigrant networks
The faith instinct : how religion evolved and why it endures
Women and religion
Moral teachings of Islam : prophetic traditions from al-Adab al-mufrad
Pigs for the ancestors : ritual in the ecology of a New Guinea people
Experimentation in American religion : the new mysticisms and their implications for the churches
Sacred fury : understanding religious violence
Religion in Finland : decline, change and transformation of Finnish religiosity
Ordinary lives and grand schemes : an anthropology of everyday religion
The Oxford handbook of the archaeology of ritual and religion
None but the Sinners : religious categories in the Gospel of Luke
Wind in the pines : classic writings of the way of tea as a Buddhist path
Something there : the biology of the human spirit
A tállyai Fáklyás Társulat dokumentumai = Documents of the Candle-bearers' Confraternity in Tállya
Martyrdom : a very short introduction
Infidel feminism : secularism, religion and women's emancipation, England 1830-1914
Food, sex and strangers : understanding religion as everyday life
Growing up religious : Christians and Jews and their journeys of faith
The measurement of religious development in childhood and adolescence : measuring instruments used in the empirical research project
Aspects of religion in Indian society : [in memory of Dhirendra Nath Majumdar]
Paternity as function : structuring the religious experience
Growing up Canadian : Muslims, Hindus, Buddhists
New religions and new religiosity
Religion as a human capacity : a festschrift in honor of E. Thomas Lawson
Particular place : urban restructuring and religious ecology in a southern exurb
