http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18549 minimalism
minimalism
Muji : brands A to Z
American fictions 1940-1980 : a comprehensive history and critical evaluation
Larry Bell : major works in glass : Sheldon Memorial Art Gallery, University of Nebraska Art Galleries, Lincoln, February 23 - April 3, 1983
Akhnaten : An opera in three acts
Open systems : rethinking art c.1970
Russian minimalism : from the prose poem to the anti-story
Preludes, airs and yodels : (a Penguin Cafe primer)
Interventions
Insensitive semantics : a defense of semantic minimalism and speech act pluralism
Words without music : a memoir
The stylemakers : minimalism and classic modernism 1915-1945
The thin blue line : an Errol Morris film
Good bye Lenin!
Donald Judd
Shadows of the sun
Works : 1965-1995
Three tales : Hindenburg + Bikini + Dolly
Big science : songs from "United States I-IV"
Minimalism : art of circumstance
Prolific domains : on the anti-locality of movement dependencies
Understanding minimalist syntax : lessons from locality in long-distance dependencies
Minimalism : art and polemics in the sixties / James Meyer
Minimal art : the critical perspective / Frances Colpitt
Minimalism : art of circumstance / Kenneth Baker
American minimal music : La Monte Young, Terry Riley, Steve Reich, Philip Glass
Early works
Rosa : the death of a composer
Minimal architecture
Patty Hearst : original motion picture soundtrack
Facing Goya : an opera in four acts
Minimalism & colour : architechture & interiors & furniture
In C.
The Wound-dresser
The death of Klinghoffer
Shape shape 2 : sewing for minimalist style
The desert music ; Three movements
Specific objects : [Charles H. Scott Gallery, Vancouver, 6 November to 15 December 2002] / [curated by Greg Bellerby and Kathy Slade]
Minimalism  & color design source
Drumming
The Essential Philip Glass
The desert music
The second time around : minimalism and L2 acquisition
The Oxford handbook of linguistic minimalism
Einstein on the beach : opera in four acts
The minimalist garden
Contemporary art : the essential guide to 200 groundbreaking artists
Rock/paper/scissors
A fascinating offshoot of minimalism, Light and Space art emerged in California in the 1970s and continues to be influential today. 'Another minimalism' traces the growth and development of the school, with its interest in site-specific installation, color, immateriality, and situationist and participatory art--all in all a very different kind of minimalism from the austere, mathematical abstractions that the term usually calls to mind. Looking at the work of major contemporary artists like Tacita Dean, Olafur Eliasson, Carol Bove, and Spencer Finch, Feldman rewrites the story of minimalism's impact on later artists, revealing the powerful but largely unrecognized influence of West Coast artists like Robert Irwin, James Turrell, and Maria Nordman. Richly illustrated, 'Another minimalism' offers a convincing new angle on the work and legacy of key twentieth-century artists. Exhibition: Fruitmarket Gallery, Edinburgh, UK (13.11.2015-20.02.2016)
The architecture of minimalism
A minimal future? : art as object 1958-1968
The harp of New Albion
The infinite line : re-making art after modernism
Agnes Martin and me
Harry Partch, hobo composer
Minimalist essays on Brazilian Portuguese syntax
Songs from liquid days
"What if everything you ever wanted isn't what you actually want? Twenty-something, suit-clad, and upwardly mobile, Joshua Fields Millburn thought he had everything anyone could ever want. Until he didn't anymore. Blindsided by the loss of his mother and his marriage in the same month, Millburn started questioning every aspect of the life he had built for himself. Then, he accidentally discovered a lifestyle known as minimalism ... and everything started to change. In the pursuit of looking for something more substantial than compulsory consumption and the broken American Dream, he jettisoned most of his material possessions, paid off loads of crippling debt, and walked away from his six-figure career. So, when everything was gone, what was left? Not a how-to book but a why-to book, Everything That Remains is the touching, surprising story of what happened when one young man decided to let go of everything and begin living more deliberately. Heartrending, uplifting, and deeply personal, this engrossing memoir is peppered with insightful (and often hilarious) interruptions by Ryan Nicodemus, Millburn's best friend of twenty years." / Worldcat.
Minimalism : history, fashion, design, architecture, interiors
Beauty of space : living in minimal style
La belle et la bête : an opera by Philip Glass
The contemporary art book
Facing north
Geschenk des augenblicks - Gift of the moment
The cook, the thief, his wife & her lover : soundtrack to the film by Peter Greenaway
L'art de la simplicité : how to live more with less
At the time of Warhol
Photographs of ..
Minimal art : a critical anthology / edited by: Gregory Battcock ; introduction by: Anne M. Wagner
Curated : a new experience in retail design
Skull Disco : Soundboy's gravestone gets desecrated by vandals
Design - is not equal to - art : functional objects from Donald Judd to Rachel Whiteread
Satyagraha : opera in three acts
Minimalism & colour : desing source
Peace songs : WMA anniversary collection
Composer-performer Julius Eastman was an enigma, both comfortable and uncomfortable in the many worlds he inhabited: black, white, gay, straight, classical music, disco, academia, and downtown New York. His music, insistent and straightforward, resists labels and seethes with a tension that resonates with musicians, scholars, and audiences today. Eastman's provocative titles, including Gay Guerrilla, Evil Nigger, Crazy Nigger, and others assault us with his obsessions. Eastman tested limits with his political aggressiveness, as recounted in legendary scandals he unleashed, for example, his June 1975 performance of John Cage's Song Books, which featured homoerotic interjections, and the uproar over his titles at Northwestern University. These episodes are examples of Eastman's persistence in pushing the limits of the acceptable in the highly charged arenas of sexual and civil rights. The essays in Gay Guerrilla offer context on Eastman's life history and the era's social landscape, commentaries on the composer's personality and talents, and analyses of his music. The book presents an authentic portrait of a notable American artist that is compelling reading for the general reader as well as scholars interested in twentieth-century American music, American Studies, gay rights, and civil rights.
The John Adams Earbox
Vormen van de kleur = New shapes of color
Einstein on the beach
Akhnaten : an opera in three acts
Fred Sandback : Decades
Published on the occasion of the exhibitions "Richard Serra, Backdoor Pipeline, Ramble, Dead Load, London Cross, October 11, 2014 - March 4, 2015 ; and Drawing, October 11 - November 22, 2014, Gagosian Gallery, London.
Monk and the abbess : music of Hildegard von Bingen and Meredith Monk
Boxed and labelled : new approaches to packaging design
The civil wars : a tree is best measured when it is down : Act 5 - The Rome section
Everything that remains : a memoir by the minimalists
The rest is noise : listening to the twentieth century
Records ruin the landscape : John Cage, the sixties, and sound recording
John Pawson : works
Talk normal : anthology
Einstein on the beach : highlights
Sense and sensibility : women artists and minimalism in the nineties
Towards a derivational syntax : Survive-minimalism
The syntactic nature of inner aspect : a minimalist perspective
The role of economy principles in linguistic theory
Proverb : Nagoya marimbas : City life
Glass box
Beyond the dream syndicate : Tony Conrad and the arts after Cage : (a "minor" history)
Another minimalism : art after California light and space
By the dawn's early light
Linguistic minimalism : origins, concepts, methods, and aims
Minimal art : the critical perspective
The music of Harry Partch
Carl Andre and the sculptural imagination
Harry Partch : an anthology of critical perspectives
The contemporary print : from pre-pop to postmodernism
Gay guerrilla : Julius Eastman and his music
Minimalism & color : architecture & interiors & furniture
