http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1853 salts
salts
Nutrient balance and salinity stress in arbuscular mycorrhizal fungi
Fun dough : over 100 salt dough projects for all the family
Effects of moose browsing in relation to food alternatives in Scots pine stands
Proceedings of the International Symposium on Managing Greenhouse Crops in Saline Environment : Pisa (Italy), 9-12 July 2003
The determination of chlorinity by the Knudsen method
Introduction to chemical principles
The use of mineral salt in natural fermentation of white cabbage into sauerkraut and sauerkraut juice, in order to evaluate whether the amount of NaCl could be lowered, was studied. Mineral salt differs from ordinary salt because NaCl is partially replaced by KCl. In the fermentations mineral salt was used in various amounts (0.8-1.5%) and in combination with garlic and algae. The final NaCl concentrations in these fermentation trials were 0.5-0.9%. Fermentations were also carried out with cabbage sliced to different degrees. The sauerkraut juice fermented by using 0.8% mineral salt (0.5% NaCl) was found to have the best sensory quality. The yield of sauerkraut juice increased as the coarseness of the cabbage mix decreased.
Seed germination and seedling growth of Suaeda salsa under salt stress
Environmental soil chemistry
Salinity and aridity : new approaches to old problems
Mixing saltiness with sweetness creates a magic alchemy... and some very mouthwatering desserts. Baird teaches you how to use fine artisian salts in sure-to-please reincarnations of classics and more exotic choices. – WorldCat.
7th International Symposium on Molten Salt Chemistry and Technology, 29 August/2 Septembre 2005, Toulouse France : proceedings
Plant Stress Biology : from Genomics to Systems Biology
Doughwork : salt dough for creative home decorating
Effects of salinity on growth of Acacia mangium Willd. inoculated with root-nodule bacteria
Surface studies of limestones and dolostones : characterisation using various techniques and batch dissolution experiments with hydrochloric acid solutions
Nutritional disorders of plants : development, visual and analytical diagnosis
Salt dough : 20 practical projects for the home
Salt affected soils in Europe
The response of watercress (Nasturtium officinale L.) to salinity has been scarcely addressed in literature despite its growing importance in the baby-leaf market and its wide cultivation in salt-affected agricultural regions. This work evaluates the effect of salinity (2.5, 5 and 10 dS m-1) on productive and quality features of watercress compared with another crop widely cultivated for the baby-leaf sector (lettuce, Lactuca sativa). In watercress, a linear relationship (R2=0.75) was observed between yield decrease and Cl- accumulation in leaves, whereas yield was not affected by salinity in lettuce. NaCl application increased Na+ accumulation at the expense of Ca2+ uptake in the leaf tissues of both crops, but also of K+ in watercress. Health-related features were improved by salinity (e.g. increased phenolics and reduced nitrates), especially in watercress, with limited sensorial quality evaluation effects..
Inspirations in dough
Handbook of environmental physiology of fruit crops. Vol. 2, Sub-tropical and tropical crops
The occurrence of shallow brackish and saline groundwaters in the crystalline bedrock of Finnish coastal areas
Diaryliodonium salts : development of synthetic methodologies and α-arylation of enolates
Saltiness of coarsely ground cooked ham with reduced salt content
Reindeer-derived bone protein extract in the healing of bone defects:evaluation of various carrier materials and delivery systems
Making soft-bodied dough characters
Groundwater sampling at Olkiluoto, Eurajoki, from the borehole OL-KR6 during a long-term pumping test in 2003
Characterization of new viruses from hypersaline environments
Soil salinity under irrigation : processes and management
On the mechanisms of the addition of hydrogen chloride and deuterium chloride to secondary methoxynorbornenes : Structural analysis of the products
Salt content labelling of foods in supermarkets in Finland
Neptune's gift : a history of common salt
Sea salt sweet : the art of using salts for the ultimate dessert experience
Groundwater sampling at Olkiluoto, Eurajoki, from the borehole OL-KR6 during a long-term pumping test in 2004
How to make salt dough models
Root adaptation and ion selectivity affects the nutritional value of salt-stressed hydroponically grown baby-leaf Nasturtium officinale and Lactuca sativa
An introduction to saline lakes on the Qinghai-Tibet Plateau
Release of soil phosphorus during runoff as affected by ionic strength and temperature
Concentration and fractionation of milk, and possible removal of radioactivity
The effects of inbreeding, crossbreeding and stress on metabolic rate in Drosophila littoralis
Salinity effects in Eucalyptus camaldulensis and Combretum quadrangulare : ecophysiological and morphological studies
A potassium-, magnesium-, and l-lysine-enriched mineral salt : cardiovascular and renal effects and interactions with antihypertensive drugs in the rat
Saline irrigation for agriculture and forestry
The religious symbolism of salt
Chemical mobility and reactivity in soil systems : proceedings of a symposium
Kibiro : the salt of Bunyoro, past and present
Storage and transportation of 32% calcium chlorade
The pH stress on plant growth of Arabidopsis thaliana and pearl millet in NaCl and Na2CO3 solutions
Sustainability science and engineering. Vol. 2, Sustainable water for the future : water recycling versus desalination
Cheese: chemistry, physics and microbiology. Vol. 1, General aspects
The use of mineral salt, herbs and spices in combination with isolated lactic acid bacteria strains in sauerkraut fermentation was studied. Mineral salt differs from ordinary salt because NaCl is partially replaced by KCl. The mineral salt contains 28% KCl and 57% NaCl. The final NaCl content in the sliced white cabbage mixture was 0.5%. In approximately 20 hours the pH dropped to the desired level. All the pressed sauerkraut juices had a good microbiological quality. The sensory quality of all pressed juices was found to be either good or acceptable.
Germination differences between natural and afforested populations of Pinus brutia and Cupressus sempervirens
Feeding and management advice for ʻtying up̕/azoturia/Monday mornig disease/Equine Rhabdomyolysis Syndrome etc
Environmental injury to plants
Physical aspects of soil water salts in ecosystems
European solonetz soils and their reclamation
Salt : a world history
Advanced Dairy Chemistry. Vol. 3, Lactose, water, salts and minor constituents
Charred & scruffed : bold new techniques for explosive flavor on and off the grill
Simulation of hydraulic disturbances caused by the underground rock characterisation facility in Olkiluoto
Summary.
Effect of anionic salts on some blood and urine minerals, acid-base balance and udder oedema of dry pregnant cows
Porewater salinity and the development of swelling pressure in bentonite-based buffer and backfill materials
An introduction into applied soil hydrology
PREVENTION AS A MODEL OF HEALTH PROMOTION OF KIDNEY FAILURE IN COLLABORATION WITH THE NEPHROLOGY DEPARTMENTS AT HELSINKI UNIVERSITY CENTRAL HOSPITAL, KOLMIO SAIRAALA WARD 6B
Superbugs : microorganisms in extreme environments
Preliminary studies on using LAB strains isolated from spontaneous sauerkraut fermentation in combination with mineral salt, herbs and spices in sauerkraut and sauerkraut juice fermentations
Pressure to change and resistance against it: consumer perceptions and acceptance of nutritionally modified foods
Influence of colonization by arbuscular mycorrhizal fungi on three strawberry cultivars under salty conditions
3D model of salinity of bedrock groundwater at Olkiluoto
Proceedings of the International Symposium on Techniques to Control Salination for Horticultural Productivity : Antalya, Turkey, 7-10 November, 2000
Sauerkraut and sauerkraut juice fermented spontaneously using mineral salt, garlic and algae
Saline and sodic soils : principles, dynamics, modeling
Dietary fat and bile acids in the pathogenesis of gut barrier dysfunction
Plant adaptation to hyperosmotic environments is generally associated with reduced growth and ultimately yield loss, making farming difficult. The potential of mycorrhizal symbioses to alleviate salt stress has been documented and benefits to plant revealed to be specific and dependent to both plant cultivars and fungal strains.  A factorial greenhouse experiment was performed to determine the effects of three arbuscular mycorrhizal fungi (AMF) species (Funneliformis caledonius, F. mosseae and Rhizophagus irregularis) on three "day-neutral" strawberry (Fragaria × ananassa Duch.) cultivars ("Albion", "Charlotte" and "Seascape"), and a mixture of R. irregularis and F. mosseae on "Seascape", under four salt conditions (0-200 mM NaCl).  The overall results showed that plant biomass decreased with increasing salinity.  The cultivars responded differently to both AMF and salinity, and "Seascape" was more tolerant to salinity than the other cultivars.  AMF enhanced plant growth and improved salt tolerance by increasing the proportion of medium (0.5<ɸ≤1.5 mm) and coarse (ɸ>1.5 mm) diameter roots. The mixture of two AMF species increased root and shoot mass to a higher degree than each species alone at low salinity (0-50 mM) but reduced fruit quality.  At higher levels (100-200 mM), R. irregularis alleviated salt stress and improved fruit quality to a higher degree than the other AMF species.  Our results support the use of bio-inoculants in saline horticultural areas.  Because cultivars respond differently to fungal inoculants, and inoculants prefer specific environmental conditions, fungal inoculants need to be screened on a cultivar- and condition-specific basis.
Methods of seawater analysis
Salt : grain of life
Halophytic, desert and semi-desert plant communities on the territory of the former USSR
The political economy of salt production and Arhotot trading system in Northeastern Ethiopia (c. 1831-2005)
Salt and civilization
Natural science in the Bothnian Sea during 1975-2008 : a review
Advances in the assessment and monitoring of salinization and status of biosaline agriculture : report of an expert consultation held in Dubai, United Arab Emirates, 26-29 November 2007.
Chemical properties of air-dried samples from an unlimed and limed acid sulphate soil profile and leaching of elements from the profiles
Simulation of hydraulic disturbances caused by the decay heat of the repository in Olkiluoto
Salinity in soil and in Atriplex spp. under brackish water irrigation in southern Morocco
Time of salt addition to ready-to-eat meals : a sensory study of salt reduction and salt substitution
Prokaryotic microorganisms, viruses, and antimicrobial agents from hypersaline environments
Nutrition for foodservice managers : concepts, applications, and management
Groundwater salinity at Olkiluoto and its effects on a spent fuel repository
Culinary nutrition : the science and practice of healthy cooking
Sensory interrelationships in bread and bread-spread combinations
Salt groundwater in the nordic countries : proceedings of a workshop, Saltsjöbaden, Sweden, September 30-October 1, 1992
Salt-affected soils and their management
Salinity and water stress : improving crop efficiency
Hydrochloric acid and sodium sulfate
Simulations of polyelectrolyte interactions in salt
Exploring electronic structure of alkali bromide molecules by means of electron spectroscopy and relativistic computations
A review of published literature on the effects of permafrost on the hydrogeochemistry of bedrock
Basic concepts of chemistry
