http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18545 puritanism
puritanism
The Puritan origins of the American self
John Owen : reformed Catholic, Renaissance man
Witchcraft in America
Illuminates the impact of the two British revolutions of the seventeenth century and the shifts in religious, political, scientific, literary, economic, social, and moral culture that they brought about, looking at the fascinating story of one family and their locality: the Cowpers of Hertford.
Wayward Puritans : a study in the sociology of deviance
Finnish summary.
A great deal of scholarship has too often juxtaposed scholasticism and piety, resulting in misunderstandings of the relationship between Protestant churches of the early modern era and the theology taught in their schools. But more recent scholarship, especially conducted by Richard A. Muller over the last number of decades, has remapped the lines of continuity and discontinuity in the relation of church and school. This research has produced a more methodologically nuanced and historically accurate representation of church and school in early modern Protestantism. Written by leading scholars of early modern Protestant theology and history and based on research using the most relevant original sources, this collection seeks to broaden our understanding of how and why clergy were educated to serve the church. Contributors include: Yuzo Adhinarta, Willem van Asselt, Irena Backus, Jordan J. Ballor, J. Mark Beach, Andreas Beck, Joel R. Beeke, Lyle D. Bierma, Raymond A. Blacketer, James E. Bradley, Dariusz M. Bryćko, Amy Nelson Burnett, Emidio Campi, Heber Carlos de Campos Jr, Kiven Choy, R. Scott Clark, Paul Fields, John V. Fesko, Paul Fields, W. Robert Godfrey, Alan Gomes, Albert Gootjes, Chad Gunnoe, Aza Goudriaan, Fred P. Hall, Byung-Soo (Paul) Han, Nathan A. Jacobs, Frank A. James III, Martin Klauber, Henry Knapp, Robert Kolb, Mark J. Larson, Brian J. Lee, Karin Maag, Benjamin T.G. Mayes, Andrew M. McGinnis, Paul Mpindi, Adriaan C. Neele, Godfried Quaedtvlieg, Sebastian Rehnman, Todd Rester, Gregory D. Schuringa, Herman Selderhuis, Donald Sinnema, Keith Stanglin, David Steinmetz, David Sytsma, Yudha Thianto, John L. Thompson, Carl Trueman, Theodore G. Van Raalte, Cornelis Venema, Timothy Wengert, Reita Yazawa, Jeongmo Yoo, and Jason Zuidema.
The Calvinist roots of the modern era
The Wordy shipmates
Puritanism and its discontents
John Winthrop : America's forgotten founding father
Lollards and reformers : images and literacy in late medieval religion
Gender and heresy : women and men in Lollard communities, 1420-1530
The Cambridge companion to Puritanism
Puritan conquistadors : Iberianizing the Atlantic, 1550-1700
John Bunyan was a major figure in seventeenth-century Puritan literature, and one deeply embroiled in the religious upheavals of his times. This Companion considers all his major texts, including The Pilgrim's Progress and his autobiography Grace Abounding. The essays, by leading Bunyan scholars, place these and his other works in the context of seventeenth-century history and literature. They discuss such key issues as the publication of dissenting works, the history of the book, gender, the relationship between literature and religion, between literature and early modern radicalism, and the reception of seventeenth-century texts. Other chapters assess Bunyan's importance for the development of allegory, life-writing, the early novel and children's literature. This Companion provides a comprehensive and accessible introduction to an author with an assured and central place in English literature.
The real American dream : a meditation on hope
Lollards and their books
The revolution of the saints : a study in the origins of radical politics
Not peace but a sword : the political theology of the English revolution
Design in puritan American literature
The English Revolution 1642-1649
Puritan New England : essays on religion, society, and culture
The puritan family : religion & domestic relations in seventeenth-century New England
Puritanism and revolution : studies in interpretation of the English Revolution of the 17th century
American sociology : worldly rejections of religion and their directions
The alternative Hester : a study of Pearl in Nathaniel Hawthorne's The scarlet letter
Puritans and puritanicals
Puritan village : the formation of a New England town
The work of self-representation : lyric poetry in colonial New England
Puritans and pragmatists : eight eminent American thinkers
Orthodoxy in Massachusetts 1630-1650
Puritanism : a very short introduction
A Holy Commonwealth
Godly reading : print, manuscript and Puritanism in England, 1580-1720
The Puritan way of death : a study in religion, culture, and social change
Ehud's dagger : class struggle in the English Revolution
Puritanism and liberty : being the Army Debates (1647-9) from the Clarke Manuscripts with supplementary documents
Errand into the wilderness
The scarlet letter : a romance
Creating the commonwealth : the economic culture of puritan New England
The intellectual culture of Puritan women, 1558-1680
The British revolution, 1629-1660
The history of a history man : or, the twentieth century viewed from a safe distance : the memoirs of Patrick Collinson
Christian humanism and the puritan social order
"The stereotype of the emotionless or gloomy Puritan is still with us, but this book's purpose is not merely to demonstrate that it is false. The reason to look at seventeenth-century English and American Puritans' understanding and experience of joy, happiness, assurance, and affliction is to show how important the emotions were for Puritan culture, from leading figures such as Richard Baxter and John Bunyan through to more obscure diarists and letter-writers. Rejecting the modern opposition between 'head' and 'heart', these men and women believed that a rational religion was also a deeply-felt one, and that contemplative practices and other spiritual duties could produce transporting joy which was understood as a Christian's birthright. The emotional experiences which they expected from their faith, and the ones they actually encountered, constituted much of its power. Theologians, historians and literary scholars here combine to bring the study of Puritanism together with the new vogue for the history of the emotions"--
National dreams and rude awakenings : essays on American literature, from the Puritans to the postmodern
Literature & theology in colonial New England
Race and redemption in Puritan New England
The devil in disguise : deception, delusion, and fanaticism in the early English enlightenment
The Cambridge companion to Bunyan
God's instruments : political conduct in the England of Oliver Cromwell
Tensions in American Puritanism
There is a growing body of historical literature on the importance of John Owen. Ryan M. McGraw seeks to reassess Owen's theology in light of the way in which he connected his trinitarian piety to his views of public worship. McGraw argues that Owen's teaching on communion with God as triune was the foundation of his views of public worship and that he regarded public worship as the highest expression of communion with the triune God. These themes not only highlight Owen's context as a Reformed orthodox theologian, but the distinctive influence of English Puritanism on his theological emphases. The connection between his practical trinitarianism and public worship runs through the course of his writings and every major area of his theology. These include the nature of theology, the knowledge of God, the doctrine of the Trinity, public worship, spiritual affections, apostasy, covenant theology, ecclesiology, and Christology. This work treats these themes in Owen's thought and shows how they intersect and are intertwined with the Trinity and public worship. In addition, this book provides a detailed exposition of the parts of Reformed worship. While other works have treated the centrality of his trinitarianism in his theology, few have acknowledged the importance of public worship in his thinking. This research concludes that communion with God in public worship was integral to Owen's practical trinitarian theology.
Oliver Cromwell and the English Revolution
Puritanism and emotion in the early modern world
The precisianist strain : disciplinary religion & antinomian backlash in Puritanism to 1638
Damned women : sinners and witches in Puritan New England
The puritan ethic in United States foreign policy
A delusion of Satan : the full story of the Salem witch trials
Tudor puritanism : a chapter in the history of idealism
Blown by the Spirit : Puritanism and the emergence of an antinomian underground in pre-Civil-War England
Papists and puritans under Elizabeth I
Puritanism in old and New England
Women in Stuart England and America : a comparative study
George Gifford and the reformation of the common sort : Puritan priorities in Elizabethan religious life
Written by a leading expert on the Puritans, this brief, informative volume offers a wealth of background on this key religious movement. This book traces the shaping, triumph, and decline of the Puritan world, while also examining the role of religion in the shaping of American society and the role of the Puritan legacy in American history. Francis J. Bremer discusses the rise of Puritanism in the English Reformation, the struggle of the reformers to purge what they viewed as the corruptions of Roman Catholicism from the Elizabethan church, and the struggle with the Stuart monarchs that led to a brief Puritan triumph under Oliver Cromwell. It also examines the effort of Puritans who left England to establish a godly kingdom in America. Bremer examines puritan theology, views on family and community, their beliefs about the proper relationship between religion and public life, the limits of toleration, the balance between individual rights and one's obligation to others, and the extent to which public character should be shaped by private religious belief.
Orthodox, puritan, babtist : Hercules Collins (1647-1702) and particular babtist identity in early modern England
A heavenly directory : trinitarian piety, public worship and a reassessment of John Owen's theology
Puritanism and historical controversy
Thornton Wilder and the Puritan narrative tradition
Pilgrim's progress, Puritan progress : discourses and contexts
Church and school in early modern Protestantism : studies in honor of Richard A. Muller on the maturation of a theological tradition
Saints, sinners, and the God of the world : the Hartford sermon notebook transcribed, 1679-1680
The Puritans : [a sourcebook of their writings]. Volume 1
'Puritan' was originally a term of contempt, and 'Puritanism' has often been stereotyped by critics and admirers alike. As a distinctive and particularly intense variety of early modern Reformed Protestantism, it was a product of acute tensions within the post-Reformation Church of England. But it was never monolithic or purely oppositional, and its impact reverberated far beyond seventeenth-century England and New England. This Companion broadens our understanding of Puritanism, showing how students and scholars might engage with it from new angles and uncover the surprising diversity that fermented beneath its surface. The book explores issues of gender, literature, politics and popular culture in addition to addressing the Puritans' core concerns such as theology and devotional praxis, and coverage extends to Irish, Welsh, Scottish and European versions of Puritanism as well as to English and American practice. It challenges readers to re-evaluate this crucial tradition within its wider social, cultural, political and religious contexts.
The Puritan dilemma : the story of John Winthrop
Laudian and royalist polemic in seventeenth-century England : the career and writings of Peter Heylyn
Puritan rhetoric: the issue of emotion in religion
The culture of English puritanism, 1560-1700
The matter of revolution : science, poetry and politics in the age of Milton
Persecution and toleration in Protestant England, 1558-1689
In pursuit of purity, unity, and liberty : Richard Baxter's Puritan ecclesiology in its seventeenth-century context
Governing the tongue : the politics of speech in early New England
The life and writings of Hercules Collins provide a window into understanding how seventeenth-century Baptists viewed themselves in relationship to historic Christianity and Puritan orthodoxy: Collins was not only a respected member of the Particular Baptist community, but was also a faithful representative of that community. Stephan Weaver's examination of Collins' commitment to historic Christianity and Protestant orthodoxy serves as an opportunity to understand better the doctrinal commitments of seventeenth-century English Particular Baptists.
England's culture wars : Puritan reformation and its enemies in the interregnum, 1649−1660
The Puritan origins of American sex : religion, sexuality and national identity in American literature
This collection of essays by leading scholars in the field reveals the major contribution of puritan women to the intellectual culture of the early modern period, showing that women's roles with puritan and broader communities encompassed translating and disseminating key texts and producing an impressive body of original writing.
Lollardy and the gentry in the later Middle Ages
The scarlet letter
Negotiating power in early modern society : order, hierarchy, and subordination in Britain and Ireland
Orthodoxies in Massachusetts : rereading American Puritanism
Puritans and adventures : change and persistence in early America
The puritans : [a sourcebook of their writings]. Volume 2
Gloriana's face : women, public and private, in the English Renaissance
Charitable hatred : tolerance and intolerance in England, 1500-1700
The autobiography of Richard Baxter
Soldiers, writers, and statesmen of the English Revolution
Witches! : the absolutely true tale of disaster in Salem
John Bunyan and the language of conviction
The puritans in Africa : a history of Africanerdom
Hawthorne's The Scarlet letter : the manga edition
The making of an American thinking class : intellectuals and intelligentsia in Puritan Massachusetts
Religion in revolutionary England
The rise of puritanism, or, the way to the New Jerusalem as set forth in pulpit and press from Thomas Cartwright to John Lilburne and John Milton, 1570-1643
Society and Puritanism in pre-revolutionary England
