http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18520 assistants (university)
assistants (university)
The definitive personal assistant & secretarial handbook
Assistentiksi valikoituminen = Assistentrekryteringen = Assistant teacher recruitment in higher education
Administrative assistant's & secretary's handbook
Clouds of Sils Maria
Administrative assistant's and secretary's handbook
Career development and success : follow-up and evaluation of junior research positions from the Swedish Research Council, Medicine
Post graduate work-placement of Mubba students
European management assistants : work, challenges and the future
Management assistant's guide to information seeking
The definitive executive assistant and managerial handbook : a professional guide to leadership for all PAs, senior secretaries, office managers and executive assistants
In this thesis the history, development and future of IT equipment in the office environment are dealt with. What an assistant/secretary should know about office IT equipment is also handled. The research question is how and in which direction office IT equipment will develop in the future. The research question is solved, keeping in mind the assistant's point of view. What an assistant should know about office IT equipment both now and in the future is also ascertained. This thesis was done for Enviroburners Ltd, which manufactures burners and other equipment for industrial usage. Enviroburners Ltd is currently renewing their office's IT equipment, and they wanted information on what they should consider when buying new machines. The empirical part of this thesis was done by gathering information from a web-site and interviewing professionals in the IT field. The theoretical part was created with the help of the relevant literature. The Internet was also an important source of information. The information gained from the Internet was used after critical assessment and cross checked information from other sources. In this thesis information technology in the office environment was mainly dealt with, i.e. the computer and its accessories. The matter of what an assistant should know about this area was also handled. Copy machines and some of the most important software and operating systems were dealt with, but the main focus was on IT equipment hardware in the office environment. From this hardware, the contents of a computer were dealt with, i.e. what a present-day computer needs to be able to work well. In the thesis future predictions regarding different parts of a computer were dealt with. Aid for predicting the future was gained from relevant literature and publications. Interviews and a poll on a web-site called MuroBBS also helped to determine future predictions for office IT equipment. According to this research, nothing drastic will happen in the near future concerning desk top computers. Increasing speeds and more efficient machines will become available, and prices will become lower. It could be said that what is new today will be old tomorrow. However, the fact that equipment is getting smaller and mobile phones are taking the place of laptops also affects office work. Communicators will become more generalized and some work will be done outside of the office. The space for electronic archiving will increase in the future. In addition to this, the shrinking of equipment will increase table space in offices. With the generalization of communicators one has to pay attention to information security, since the same threats that affect normal computers also affect these communication devices. An assistant should keep herself updated. She does not need to know the technical details of what happens inside of a computer, but knowledge of different parts of it can be an advantage in her work. In addition, assistants should train themselves to meet the requirements that the future will set for them regarding office IT equipment.
Future of the IT equipment in office
"The ultimate guide for all management, personal, and executive assistants and secretaries, The Definitive Personal Assistant and Secretarial Handbook places specific emphasis on career development, providing guidance and advice on career advancement. Author Sue France offers help with time management, networking, relationship management, communication, and confidence. This updated third edition contains new chapters on neuroscience and how it affects job performance and how to use social media, as well as a detailed chapter on effective minute taking, telephone (especially cell phone) etiquette, and presentation skills. "--
Change in professional competence : from an export secretary to export assistant
The stylist
The promise
Teaching assistant training in the 1990s
Saving Grace
The camera assistant : a complete professional handbook
From managing the phones, coordinating meetings, and preparing presentations to planning events, crafting clear business communications, and deciphering legal documents, administrative assistants need to be everything to everyone, all the time.
European management assistants : Work, challenges and the future
