http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18577 protected cultural heritage objects
protected cultural heritage objects
Conserving Hungary's heritage : the national parks and world heritage sites
Deltaplan : preservation of cultural heritage in the Netherlands = conservation de la culture dans les Pays-Bas = Erhaltung von Kulturgut in den Niederlanden / [Ministry of welfare, health and cultural affairs]
Materials of the International Conference "Innovative policies for heritage safeguarding and cultural tourism development" : 24 November 2005 - 27 November 2005, Moscow, Kremlin Museums, Russia
Integrated heritage management : principles and practice
Past imperfect : the story of rescue archaeology
Preserving different pasts : the American national monuments
Our Nordic heritage : world heritage sites in the Nordic Countries
Heritage at risk : ICOMOS world report 2000 on monuments and sites in danger = Patrimoine en péril = Patrimonio en peligro
The study of salt deterioration mechanisms : decay of brick walls influenced by interior climate changes / [edited by Thorborg von Konow]
Lost civilizations : rediscovering the great cultures of the past
The historic villages of Shirakawa-go and Gokayama : traditional houses in the Gassho style : Ogimachi, Shirakawa-mura, Ainokura, Taira-mura, Suganuma, Kamitaira-mura
World heritage monuments in Spain
The political nature of cultural heritage and tourism
Nature and culture
Street vendors in the historic centre of Lima : utilitarian space versus a museum city
World heritage : 911 cultural and natural heritage monuments selected by Unesco
Visitor management: case studies from World Heritage Sites
Houses of the National Trust
Global heritage : a reader
The e-volution of information communication technology in cultural heritage : where hi-tech touches the past : risks and challenges for the 21st century : project papers from the joint event CIPA, VAST, EuroMed 2006, 30. October-4. November 2006, Nicosia, Cyprus
China : cultural and natural heritage = Zhongguo wenhua yu ziran yichan
Tourism at world heritage cultural sites : the site managerś handbook
Historic shipwrecks : discovered, protected & investigated
Tanzania is endowed with cultural heritage sites with remains, which represent both human cultural and biological evolution from the Pliocene to modern era. Later pre-historic sites include the rock art shelters of Kondoa central Tanzania and historical monuments along the Tanzanian coast precisely Bagamoyo. The presence of these sites contributes greatly to the development of cultural tourism in the mentioned areas. But despite this immense contribution, vandalism, destruction and looting of cultural heritage resources are increasing at an alarming rate. In rescuing the situation, various efforts has been done by public and private institutions to develop regulations to protect, document and conserve pre-historical and historical sites. The efforts have resulted in the development of management plans for some sites while others have succeeded to be listed as World Heritage Sites. Recently, historic sites in Bagamoyo have been in critical situation following the increased destruction. As a result, various actions including nominating the site to the World Heritage Site list has been taken to rescue the situation. The current research was conducted to find out the preparatory actions undertaken to list Bagamoyo as a World Heritage Site as well as factors delaying the process. The research went further to find out the public awareness of cultural heritage resources and the whole process of nomination. The research applied both ethnographic enquiry techniques, namely questionnaires and interviews to retrieve the information from the public. A visit to several historical sites in Bagamoyo was also conducted to supplement data obtained from the ethnographic techniques. Findings revealed that a large number of residents are aware of the existence of cultural heritage sites in Bagamoyo with little knowledge on their values. This study also reveals that the ruins and historical buildings are by themselves inadequate to serve as a strong pulling base to list the town as an endangered site without incorporating the Slave and Ivory Route. It is therefore recommended to the Antiquities Division to persuade the UNESCO through various stakeholders to declare Bagamoyo a world heritage for UNESCO World Heritage List.
The prehistoric temples of Stonehenge and Avebury ; text: R. J. C. Atkinson ; photographs: John Green ; [line drawings by H. Mason]
The zones of silence in documentary heritage management : on diversity on the UNESCO Memory of World International Register
Potsdam und sein Weltkulturerbe : zur Geschichte des Unesco-Welterbedenkmals und seiner Bedeutung für die Landeshauptstadt = Potsdam and its world heritage site = Potsdam et son petrimoine culturel mondial
Heritage : study pack
Funding the architectural heritage : a guide to policies and examples
VSMM 2008 : Digital heritage : proceedings of the 14th international conference on virtual systems and multimedia. 20-25 October 2008, Limassol, Cyprus : Short papers
World heritage cities between permanence and change : international construction of 'outstanding universal value' and local perceptions at Old Rauma from the 1970s to the 2000s
The world's heritage : a complete guide to the most extraordinary places
TICCIH Intermediate Conference 2005 & International Forum for Industrial Tourism in Nagoya / Aichi: transactions : industrial tourism and community building : new development in industrial tourism
Heritage gardens : care, conservation and management
Protecting the past
Archaeological heritage management in the modern world : [based on contributions to the Congress on 'Public Archaeology and Cultural Resource Management', held in Southampton, England, in September 1986]
Gyeongju, the heart of Korean culture : a UNESCO World Heritage
Politics in a museum : governing postwar Florence
Management guidelines for world cultural heritage sites
3D recording, documentation and mangement of cultural heritage
Heritage & tourism : Icomos European conference
Architecture and art : cultural heritage sites : teachers guide
Tourists in historic towns : urban conservation and heritage management
Building a new heritage : tourism, culture and indentity in the New Europe
Petäjäveden vanhan kirkon tarina = The story of Petäjävesi old church
European cultural heritage. Vol. 2, A review of policies and practice
The international canal monuments : list
Archaeological heritage management in the modern world
Historic shipwrecks : national research plan
Inventory of valuable cultural landscapes, nature protection areas and points of historical and cultural value
The challenge to our cultural heritage : why preserve the past? : proceedings of a conference on cultural preservation, Washington, D.C., 8-10 April 1984
Renewal of inner city areas : restoration of historical city centres, urban redevelopment, reconstruction of destroyed or damaged urban centres
International campaign for monuments
Art and archaeology technical abstracts
Treasures of Gyeongju : splendor of Korea's golden age
Protecting cultural objects through international documentation standards : a preliminary survey / Robin Thornes
Preservation and rehabilitation of historic districts, towns and monuments : proceedings and final report of the United Nations Centre for Human Settlements (Habitat) and International Academy of Architecture International Seminar on the Preservation and Rehabilitation of Historic Districts, Towns and Monuments in some Developed Countries and their Relevance to Developing Countries, 1-15 November 1989, IAA Santo Kiriko Creativity Centre, Assenovgrad, Bulgaria
Presenting archaeology to the public : digging for truths
Jongmyo : a shrine for human beings
Preservation of the Industrial Heritage - Gdansk Outlook : International Seminar - European Workshop, May 11-14, 1993, Gdansk, Poland : proceedings
The plundered past
The world heritage convention and cultural landscapes in Africa : expert meeting, Tiwi, Kenya 9-14 March 1999 = La Convention du patrimoine mondial et les paysages culturels en Afrique : réunion d'experts, Tiwi, Kenya 9-14 mars 1999
Presents the cultural, natural heritage and cultural landscapes of China. Includes historical facts, folk legends, and photo gallery and Chinese classical music.
Alternatives to historical reconstruction in UNESCO World Heritage cities : international conference in Tallinn, Estonia, May 16-18, 2002 = Alternatiivid ajaloolisele rekonstruktsioonile UNESCO maailmapärandi linnades
Emergency measures for historic memorials : a short guide for cemetery managers
Kulturgüterschutz betrifft uns alle! = La protection des biens culturels nous concerne tous! = The protection of cultural property concerns all of us!
Context for world heritage bridges
Pioneers in historical archaeology : breaking new ground
The e-volution of information communication technology in cultural heritage : where hi-tech touches the past : risks and challenges for the 21st century : short papers from the joint event CIPA / VAST / EuroMed 2006, 30. October-4. November 2006, Nicosia, Cyprus
Impediments of a historical and cultural tourist town to becoming a world heritage site : case of Bagamoyo town in coast region of Tanzania
The return of cultural treasures
Protection of historical monuments in peoples's Poland
VSMM 2008 : Digital heritage : proceedings of the 14th international conference on virtual systems and multimedia. 20-25 October 2008, Limassol, Cyprus : Full papers
The nature of cultural heritage and the culture of natural heritage : northern perspectives on a contested patrimony
Sustainable development strategies in South-East Europe
Visitors' willingness to pay for an entrance fee to cultural heritage sites : the case of Suomenlinna
The World Heritage List : filling the gaps - an action plan for the future : an ICOMOS study = La Liste du Patrimoine Mondial : combler les lacunes - un plan d'action pour le futur : une étude de l'ICOMOS
World heritage of China
Planning for our cultural heritage
Midas : a manual and data standard for monument inventories
Cahal Pech, the ancient maya and modern Belize : the story of an archaeological park
Cent objets disparus : pillage a Angkor = One hundred missing objects : looting in Angkor
China's museums
Denkmalpflege und Beschftigung : internationale Konferenz im Rahmen der deutschen EU-präsidentschaft am 15./16. April 1999 in Berlin = Heritage conservation and employment : International Conference in the framework of the German EU Presidency 16/16 April 1999 in Berlin = La conservation des monuments et l'emploi : conférence internationale dans le cadre de la présidence allemande de l'UE 15/16 avril 1999 à Berlin
Heritage attractions are one the oldest and most common places visited by tourists. These historical places are important for both the community in which they operate and for tourists who visit them. However, concerns arise when the benefits received by one of these two groups are either threatened or minimized. One of the common problems faced by heritage attractions is insufficient funding for conservation works. The Fortress of Suomenlinna is a UNESCO World Heritage Site that lately has experienced a rise in number of visitors during summer periods of the year and the site is currently free of charge.  Speculating about an entrance fee policy as a way to manage the increasing number of visitors, this thesis addresses the willingness to pay of tourists for one-day visit fee to Suomenlinna by employing the Contingent Valuation survey method in an open-ended format.    Visitors were identified into three main typologies; by their motivation to visit, by their visitation patterns, and by their geographic characteristics. A sample 268 visitors responded to questionnaires in the beginning of March 2008. 59% of participants answered positively to the willingness to pay questions. The value of the mode was 0 Euros, the median was 2 Euros, and the mean was 3.7 Euros. Cultural visitors, first-time visitors, and foreign visitors were more positive toward paying for one-day visit fee to Suomenlinna than leisure, repeat, or domestic visitors. One key finding is that regardless of the reason for visiting or the frequency of visits to Suomenlinna, foreign respondents gave higher amounts than domestic ones. And contrary to expectations, a good number of leisure and domestic participants were also willing to pay a visit fee to Suomenlinna to contribute to its maintenance. These results suggest that there is at hand a source of additional funding to continue maintaining the site and to manage tourism-related activities.
Protection and cultural animation of monuments, sites and historic towns in Europe : the present situation in Belgium, Bulgaria, Canada, the Federal Republic of Germany, France, Greece, Hungary, Italy, the Netherlands, Poland, the United Kingdom and Yugoslavia
Suomenlinna Seminar 85 : international seminar and workshop on restoration at Suomenlinna Island Fortress, Helsinki, Finland : workshop 10-18 September 1985, seminar 16-17 September 1985 : report = raportti
The cultural triangle of Sri Lanka
Deltaplan : preservation of the cultural heritage : [esittelykansio] / Ministry of welfare, health and cultural affairs
Management of historic centres
Jongmyo is the royal ancestrial shrine of the Josecon Dynasty. Considered as one of the most sublime and moderate architecture of the Joseon Dynasty. Jongmyo was designated as World Heriage by UNESCO in 1995.
European cultural heritage. Vol. 1, Intergovernmental co-operation : collected texts
UNECO thematic expert meeting on Asia-Pacific sacred mountains 5-10 September 2001, Wakayama City, Japan : final report
World heritage sites of Britain
Hiking and biking Peru's Inca trails
Cultural tourism : tourism at world heritage cultural sites : the site manager's handbook
The monuments of history : the most precious sites and monuments in Poland
Manual of heritage management
