http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18629 agricultural technology
agricultural technology
A simulation model for planning of hay harvesting machinery systems and management
Farm power and machinery management : laboratory manual and workbook
International symposium on agricultural mechanization and international cooperation in high technology era : in memory of the 50th anniversary of the Japanese Society of Agricultural Machinery : April 3, 1987, Faculty of Agriculture, the University of Tokyo, Yayoi 1-1-1, Bunkyo-ku, Tokyo, Japan : proceedings
Farm implements for small-scale farmers in Tanzania
Computers, electronics and control engineering in agriculture : proceedings
Applied engineering in agriculture
Overseas aid and the transfer of technology : the political economy of agricultural mechanisation in the Third World
Bulletin of the Transilvania University of Braşov. Series II, Forestry, wood industry, agricultural food engineering
Proceedings of the International Conference on Agricultural Engineering : Muscat, Oman, February 24-26, 2013
Basic farm machinery
Position Dependent Control (PDC) of plant production
Engineering models for agricultural production
Pesticide application methods
Journal of agricultural engineering research
Supplemental irrigation in the Near East and North Africa : proceedings of a Workshop on regional consultation on supplemental irrigation, ICARDA and FAO, Rabat, Morocco, 7-9 December, 1987
Automation technology for off-road equipment, 2004 : proceedings of the 7-8 October 2004 international conference, Kyoto, Japan
Pressures exerted by grain and silage stored in silos : experimental determination of the mechanical and rheological properties of grain and silage and analysis of the interaction between the stored material and the silo walls
Scenario planning to guide long-term investments in agricultural science and technology : theory and practice from a case study on India
CIGR handbook of agricultural engineering. Vol. 4, Agro-processing engineering
A compilation of sprinkler irrigation papers
Safety of autonomous agricultural tractor-implement combinations with ISOBUS capabilities
Working environment in farm buildings : results of studies in livestock buildings and greenhouses
A Literature search for agricultural system : Engineering education in developing countries : selected bibliography
Technology systems for small farmers : issues and options
Measuring the thermal environment of calves under sheltered winter conditions
Agricultural engineering : proceedings of the 11th International congress on agricultural engineering, Dublin, 4-8 September 1989. Vol. 4, Power, processing and systems
Agricultural engineering : proceedings of the 11th International congress on agricultural engineering, Dublin, 4-8 September 1989. Vol. 1, Land and water use
Off-road vehicle engineering principles
Measuring tehnological change in agriculture : an application based on the CES production function
Hot water weed control on hard surface areas
Norwegian journal of agricultural sciences
Agricultural and food science
CIGR handbook of agricultural engineering. Vol. 1, Land and water engineering
Technical bulletin of Faculty of Agriculture
Heat and moisture dissipation from cattle : measurements and simulation model
Sharing innovation : global perspectives on food, agriculture, and rural development : papers and proceedings of a colloquium organized by the Smithsonian Institution
Old farm implements
The technology triangle : linking farmers, technology transfer agents, and agricultural researchers : summary report of an International Workshop held at ISNAR, The Hague, 20th to 25th November 1989
Proceedings of the seventh international conference on mechanization of field experiments (IAMFE '88), Debrecen, Hungary July 11-15, 1988
Essays on gender issues, food security, and technology adoption in East Africa
Farm gas engines and tractors
Research in agricultural engineering
Agricultural engineering in development : the organization and management of replacement parts for agricultural machinery. Vol. 1
FAO agricultural services bulletin
Grass overseeding effects to the growth and profitability assessment of grass rolling.
CIGR handbook of agricultural engineering. Vol. 2, Animal production & aquacultural engineering
Spatial diffusion of modernization : a study of farm mechanization in Finland at regional and local levels
Agricultural mechanization : issues and options
New and renewable energy in agriculture : appendix (preliminary inventory of processes and equipment)
Engineering advances for agriculture and food : proceedings of the 1938-1988 Jubilee Conference of the Institution of Agricultural Engineers, Robinson College, Cambridge 12-15 September 1988
Future Challenges for National Agricultural Research : proceedings of the international conference Challenges and Opportunities for the NARS in the Year 2000 : a Policy Dialogue : Berlin 12-18 January 1992.
University Studies of Agricultural Engineering in Europe : a thematic network : proceedings of the 6th USAEE Workshop, Budapest, September 19-20, 2005 = [Agricultural engineering programmes meeting the FEANI and EurAgEng criteria]
CIGR handbook of agricultural engineering. Vol. 3, Plant production engineering
Energy savings in agricultural machinery and mechanization
Agricultural engineering in development : guidelines for establishment of village workshops
Transactions of the ASAE
Agricultural engineering in development : the organization and management of replacement parts for agricultural machinery. Vol. 2
Manure management : treatment strategies for sustainable agriculture
Agricultural research and technology in economic development : the impact of agricultural research and modern technology on food production, economic growth and income distribution in developing countries
Rural poverty report 2001 : the challenge of ending rural poverty
A compilation of trickle irrigation papers
Design in agricultural engineering
Definition of the emerging biosystems engineering discipline in Finland
The application of modern agricultural technology : report VI
The international handbook on mechanization of field experiments (the IAMFE handbook)
Tools and tillage : a journal on the history of the implements of cultivation and other agricultural processes
Agricultural engineering : proceedings of the 11th International congress on agricultural engineering, Dublin, 4-8 September 1989. Vol. 2, Agricultural buildings
Fear in the countryside : the control of agricultural resources in the poor countries by nonpeasant elites
Farm machinery
Making each and every farmer count : participation in agricultural engineering projects
CIGR handbook of agricultural engineering. Vol. 5, Energy and biomass engineering
Accreditation practices of agricultural engineering university studies in Finland
Agricultural machinery, tires, tracks, and tractions
Progress in agricultural physics and engineering
Problems of ecologically safe technologies of agricultural product production, processing and store : materials of the International Scientific Practical Conference. Volume 1.
Agricultural engineering : proceedings of the 11th International congress on agricultural engineering, Dublin, 4-8 September 1989. Vol. 3, Agricultural mechanisation
Introduction to agricultural engineering technology : a problem solving approach
Engineering principles of agricultural machines
Farmer-financed irrigation : the economics of reform
Agrartechnik : Mehrsprachen-Bildwörterbuch = Agricultural engineering : multilingual illustrated dictionary = Technique agricole : dictionnaire illustré polyglotte = Técnica agrícola : diccionario poligloto ilustrado
Agricultural engineering in development : human resource development - training and education programmes
Proceedings of the International Symposium on Development and Transfer of Technology for Rainfed Agriculture and the SAT Farmer : ICRISAT Center, Patancheru, India, 28 August-1 September 1979
FAO yearbook. Production
The world is flat : a brief history of the twenty-first century
Current status of the agricultural engineering sciences core curricula in Finland
Perspectives in world agriculture
Social science perspectives on managing agricultural technology
