http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18614 physics of fluids
physics of fluids
Fluid mechanics
Micro/nano technology systems for biomedical applications : microfluidics, optics, and surface chemistry
Flow near a rigid wall
The properties of gases and liquids
A brief introduction to fluid mechanics
Ion mobility spectrometry in liquid analysis
The finite element method for fluid dynamics
Turbulent flows
"This book provides various approaches to computational gas-solids flow and will aid the researchers, graduate students and practicing engineers in this rapidly expanding area".
Variational theory of quantum fluids
Finite element analysis in fluid dynamics
An introduction to fluid dynamics
Streamflow synthesis
Finite element methods for computational fluid dynamics ; a practical guide
Fluid flow for the practicing chemical engineer
Waves : a mathematical account of the common types of wave motion
CFD modeling of circulating fluidized bed : effect of volume averaging on solid-solid drag force
A novel reflectometer for determining optical constants of liquids
Advances in numerical heat transfer. Vol. 3
Theoretical and computational fluid dynamics
Mechanical design of filtrate discharge apparatus for pressurized disc filter
Fundamentals of physics
Food engineering and dairy technology
Theory of simple liquids
Turbulent diffusion in the environment
Computational aerodynamics and fluid dynamics : an introduction
Fabrication techniques for developing a functional microfluidic glass device suitable for detection in optical spectroscopy system
Fluid mechanics of the atmosphere
Integral equation theories of simple classical and Bose liquids
Introduction to the ASME fluids engineering division summer meeting '98 : travel report
Principles of environmental physics
Mathematical modelling and simulation of fluid flows in the headbox of paper machines
An introduction to CFD fundamentals and using commercial CFD software to solve engineering problems, designed for the wide variety of engineering students new to CFD, and for practicing engineers learning CFD for the first time. Combining an appropriate level of mathematical background, worked examples, computer screen shots, and step by step processes, this book walks the reader through modeling and computing, as well as interpreting CFD results. The first book in the field aimed at CFD users rather than developers. New to this edition: A more comprehensive coverage of CFD techniques including discretization via finite element and spectral element as well as finite difference and finite volume methods and multi-grid method. Coverage of different approaches to CFD grid generation in order to closely match how CFD meshing is being used in industry. Additional coverage of high-pressure fluid dynamics and meshless approach to provide a broader overview of the application areas where CFD can be used.
Dissolved gas concentration in water : computation as functions of temperature, salinity and pressure
Fluid dynamics : theoretical and computational approaches
Biological applications of microfluidics
Understanding rheology
Fluid mechanics for chemical engineering
Fluid mechanics with engineering applications : SI metric edition
Computational hydraulics : elements of the theory of free surface flows
Fluid mechanics and its applications
Chemical engineering fluid mechanics
An introduction to computational fluid mechanics by example
A mathematical introduction to fluid mechanics
Mathematical fluid mechanics : recent results and open questions
Coulson & Richardson's chemical engineering. Vol. 1, Fluid flow, heat transfer and mass transfer
Compact damping models for laterally moving microstructures with gas-rarefaction effects
Problem supplement #1 to accompany Fundamentals of physics, 6th edition, David Halliday, Robert Resnick, Jearl Walker
Fundamentals of acoustics
Student solutions manual : to accompany a brief introduction to fluid mechanics, fifth edition
Understanding hydraulics
This book lays the foundations of gas- and fluid dynamics. The basic equations are developed from first principles, building on the (assumed) knowledge of Classical Mechanics. This leads to the discussion of the mathematical properties of flows, conservation laws, perturbation analysis, waves and shocks. Most of the discussion centers on ideal (frictionless) fluids and gases. Viscous flows are discussed when considering flows around obstacles and shocks. Many of the examples used to illustrate various processes come from astrophysics and geophysical phenomena.--
Collective excitations and stability of quantum fluids
Dynamics of droplets
An introduction to the mechanics of fluids
Navier-Stokes equations and nonlinear functional analysis
Physics for scientists & engineers
Schaum's outline of theory and problems of modern physics
Instrumentation, measurements, and experiments in fluids
Introduction to fluid mechanics
Metastable liquids : concepts and principles
The structure and properties of water
Mechanics of fluids
Fundamentals of physics / extended, with  modern physics
Methods of experimental physics. 18:B, Fluid dynamics
Estuary and coastline hydrodynamics
Computational gas-solids flows and reacting systems : theory, methods and practice
Fundamentals of waves, optics, and modern physics
Fluid-fluid interactions
Viscous fluid flow
The theory of rotating fluids
An introduction to the mathematical theory of the Navier-Stokes equations. Volume 1, Linearized steady problems
Optimization of multiparticle correlations in Bose fluids
Fluid mechanics with engineering applications
"A Brief Introduction to Fluid Mechanics, 5th Edition is designed to cover the standard topics in a basic fluid mechanics course in a streamlined manner that meets the learning needs of today?s student better than the dense, encyclopedic manner of traditional texts. This approach helps students connect the math and theory to the physical world and practical applications and apply these connections to solving problems. The text lucidly presents basic analysis techniques and addresses practical concerns and applications, such as pipe flow, open-channel flow, flow measurement, and drag and lift. It offers a strong visual approach with photos, illustrations, and videos included in the text, examples and homework problems to emphasize the practical application of fluid mechanics principles"--Provided by publisher.
Fluid structure interaction : applied numerical methods
Covering the full range of material needed by civil engineering students in their study of hydraulics, this new edition includes hydraulic structures and an introduction to hydrology. Self-test questions, with answers, are included.
Computational fluid dynamics : a practical approach
Turbulent flows in engineering
ICCFD6 : the Sixth International Conference on Computational Fuid Dynamics : July 12-16, 2010, St. Petersburg, Russia : book of abstracts
Mixing power for self-aerating impellers
Gas dynamics : an introduction with examples from astrophysics and geophysics
Fundamentals of Physics : extended, with Modern Physics
An introduction to the mathematical theory of the Navier-Stokes equations. Volume 2, Nonlinear steady problems
Fundamentals of Physics : Mechanics, Relativity, and Thermodynamics
Astrophysical fluid dynamics
Analyticsl fluid dynamics
Measurement in fluid mechanics
Energy-efficient control strategies for variable speed driven parallel pumping systems based on pump operation point monitoring with frequency converters
Handbook of hydraulic resistance
Numerical treatment of inter-phase coupling and phasic pressures in multi-fluid modelling
