http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1865 markets (systems)
markets (systems)
Lessons from liberalised electricity markets
Marketing Strategy in Terms of Promotion and Communication for Energy Drinks in Ghana. Case Company: Sinebrychoff Brewery.
Development of national producer organizations and specialized business units in Mozambique : a study for the Royal Norwegian Society for Development to prepare a new phase of programme collaboration
Local Network Externalities and Market Dynamics : an Agent-based Computational Economics Approach
Econometric models of world agricultural commodity markets : cocoa, coffee, tea, wool, cotton, sugar, wheat, rice
Market structure and equilibrium
Challenges and opportunities for the internationalisation of Finnish SME's to Canada : perspective of Finpro and similar internationalisation support organisations
Buyer power and competition policy in food supply chains has emerged as an important economic issue and a highly sensitive item on the policy agenda around the world. In Finland, the increasing concentration of the distribution sector and processing industry has raised concern over the existence and gradual growth of buyer power in these sectors. The purpose of this paper is to investigate the possible existence of buyer power in the Finnish food supply chain. More specifically, we follow an approach used by Lloyd et al. (2009) to measure oligopsony power among the Finnish food industry and retailers against farmers. The results suggest that the spread between producer and retailer prices in Finland is not consistent with perfectly competitive behaviour, and might thus be caused, at least as a candidate amongst other factors, by the existence of oligopsony power in the Finnish food supply chain.
A Chinese Company Entering into the Brazilian Market   : Case company: SF Express
Business cycles, building cycles and commercial forestry
Report : a marketing study of British wood supply. Volume 2.
Outcomes of the deregulation of nicotine replacement therapy products : a review on reported evidence in Finland and other countries
Marketing suggestions for YING KE SONG
The economics of commercial property market
As Huawei mobile phone is more and more popular in Finland. Reasons behind this phenomenon should be found. Analysis of the reasons can help us to find the future trend of smart phone market in Finland. There are two main parts in this thesis: hardware part and market part. Hardware part compares the different models of Huawei mobile phone in different period. This can help us to know what had been developed on Huawei mobile phone. In addition, in this thesis will analyze the reports from different local companies, and compare the data of the reports. According to the analysis, the future trend of Huawei in Finland can be found. The main result is that Huawei will invest and develop more in European market. Since Huawei is also making a lot of developments in technology industry, the future trend in Finland is promising and Huawei will develop more mobile phones in the future.
Preliminary Analysis on the Finnish market– Case Study 7-Eleven
Tanzania Telecommunication Company Limited as a Mobile Service Provider
Export Barriers for SMEs : A Case Study of Bangladeshi Small and Medium Sized Shrimp Exporting Companies to the European Market
Newsprint now and in the next decade : analysis of supply and demand
Selected markets for wooden household articles
Systematic conditional market volatility
Model for international trade of sawnwood using machine learning models
General description of the mechanisms of the Community agricultural market. 2, Livestock products and specialized crops
MARKET ENTRY STRATEGIES FOR A TRANSITION COUNTRY, KENYA: A CASE STUDY OF YIT OYJ
Report : a marketing study of British wood supply. Volume 1.
Business plan for a Chinese furniture company
A feasibility study of market expansion for company X
Development and applications of knowledge-intensive product strategies of Finnish high-tech firms in emerging markets : case study of Finnish biotech manufacturer in Central and Eastern Europe
Economic sociology : a systematic inquiry
Market Entry Plan For A Vietnamese Industrial Company : case: European Plastic Joint Stock Company
Economic growth and the market in the developing countries
The mobile revolution : the making of mobile services worldwide
Time-varying conditional correlation : effect on international portfolio diversification in Southeast Asia
Internationalization process : strategy and modes for entering in the italian market : case : Metener Oy
Latin American timber trends and prospects
This paper presents a mixture multiplicative error model with a time-varying probability between regimes. We model the implied volatility derived from call and put options on the USD/EUR exchange rate. The daily first difference of the USD/EUR exchange rate is used as a regime indicator, with large daily changes signaling a more volatile regime. Forecasts indicate that it is beneficial to jointly model the two implied volatility series: both mean squared errors and directional accuracy improve when employing a bivariate rather than a univariate model. In a two-year out-of-sample period, the direction of change in implied volatility is correctly forecast on two thirds of the trading days.
This paper exploits the fact that implied volatilities calculated from identical call and put options have often been empirically found to differ, although they should be equal in theory. We propose a new bivariate mixture multiplicative error model and show that it is a good fit to Nikkei 225 index call and put option implied volatility (IV). A good model fit requires two mixture components in the model, allowing for different mean equations and error distributions for calmer and more volatile days. Forecast evaluation indicates that in addition to jointly modeling the time series of call and put IV, cross effects should be added to the model: putside implied volatility helps forecast callside IV, and vice versa. Impulse response functions show that the IV derived from put options recovers faster from shocks, and the effect of shocks lasts for up to six weeks.
Canadian export timbers, their properties and uses
Screening for a potential target country : an examination of Malaysia as a potential target country for Finnish companies
Study on Electronic Commerce Behaviors in Russian Market : Case: Tokmaani Oy
We introduce a model of price competition with endogenous market transparency, where it is costly for consumers to get informed about the announced prices. We show that there is symmetric mixed strategy equilibrium with a monotonic relationship between the degree of transparency and intensity of competition. Interestingly, we find that there exist multiple equilibria with zero, low and high levels of market transparency with the high level of market transparency being the stable equilibrium. Once comparing the stable equilibrium with the welfare maximizing one we find that the private market solution entails excessive investments in information acquisition. That is, at high levels of transparency the gain of consumers from increased transparency is smaller than the loss in the firms' profits leading to decrease in total welfare.
Suggestions for developing international events in Finland : Case study: SATOA Kuopio Food Festival
Foreign direct investment from Finland to Russia : Hydroline case research
A study on prices and structures in the food distribution industries in Ireland and in the Netherlands
8th International Asparagus Symposium : Massey University, New Zealand 21-26 November 1993
Short term demand for and supply of sawlogs in Finland
Fruit and vegetables : why products are withdrawn from the market
Sports procurement and its impact on the sports retail market in Finland, case Millet
World paper markets 2020.
International strategic marketing : a European perspective
Vietnamese confectionery market analysis and entry plan : case: Candyking Finland Oy
An introduction to petroleum technology, economics, and politics
Price trends in forest products and stumpage : a case study in Sweden
Emerging economies: how to do business and overcoming barriers : case of Company X and Brazil
Joint modeling of call and put implied volatility
Market Research to Develop the Promotional Activities of Savonia UAS in the Russian Market
How to market service packages to European customers. Case study: Evason Ana Mandara & Six Senses Spa-Nhatrang Resort
Understanding The Milk Consumption Patterns Of The  Nigerians : A Market Potential For Finnish Dairy Product
At the end of June, 17.4 million people voted for the United Kingdom to leave the EU. Share prices plummeted, the value of the pound crashed and the country was plunged into high political turmoil. The faster-than-expected appointment of a new prime minister helped to dampen political uncertainty, and market reaction quickly subsided. The effects on the real economy will be evident only later. Three months after the referendum, the UK has still not notified the European Council of its intention to leave and is still an official EU member state..
Entering Swedish markets : challenge for Finnish SMEs
The effects of brand perception on consumers purchasing behaviour : Case: Unilever Nigeria PLC
Does Knowledge about Foreign Markets Affect the Internationalization of Commercial Banks?  : A case study on Ghanaian Indigenous Banks
The economics of market disequilibrium
Import of fruits from Spain to Finland
PLC VVVF Elevator Control System
Decimalization, realized volatility, and market microstructure noise
Corruption and market in contemporary China
How markets work and fail, and what to make of them
Factors favouring or hindering the market entry of Finnish environmental firms in India
Regulating pharmaceutical markets in Finland
Chinese consumer : Understand new Chinese consumers, their purchasing power, lifestyle and demand
Development of the poplar wood market : the results of an international inquiry
ICT cluster study Helsinki region
Market orientation : transforming food and agribusiness around the customer
Price formation in commodities markets : financialisation and beyond - report of a CEPS-ECMI task force
Empirical “first-filter” test for the existence of buyer power in the Finnish food supply chain
Law Company ERP Software Market Analysis of St. Petersburg and Stockholm - CASE: CSI Helsinki Oy
A tool for organizations to quickly assess growth potential in foreign markets : Internationalization and the HS code
Neverwhere
What should you know about trademarks when doing business in Russia : Case - Project application for the Baltic Institute of Finland
Franchising as an internationalization method in emerging markets : experiences of Robert's Coffee from Turkey
Globalization, wages, and the quality of jobs : five country studies
Can markets protect biodiversity? : an evaluation of different financial mechanisms
Export barriers for Latvian companies entering the Finnish market
Hardwoods today : papers presented at a conference on "Hardwoods today",Shropshire Adult College, Attingham Park, November 11-13, 1966
Essentials of marketing
Automation of electric vehicle and development prospects
CAP working notes : 1995. Wine
Business Plan of a Motorcycle Company : Case: Motosi Oy
Supply and demand in agricultural products : outlook to 1990
Business information technology management : alternative and adaptive futures
Impact of agricultural market liberalization on food security in developing countries : a comparative study of Kenya and Zambia
Timber trends in the United States
Essays on market dynamics and frictions
Describing the Current Situation of the Financial Market in Ghana
The moving average convergence-divergence trading method : advanced version
World market pulp demand with special reference to eucalyptus : a joint publication
Set of recommendations for Maspart Finland Oy to enter Russian market
FAO/WHO guide for developing and improving national food recall systems
We present a familiar - yet novel - signaling game where signaling in the labor market has an externality affecting the employers' profits. The externality arises due to the appearance of a free substitute (negative externalities) or a complement (positive externalities) in the product market as a result of the signaling activity. We examine in detail how the outcome of the signaling game is affected by the product market externalities and market size. It is shown first that in the case negative and mild positive externalities, the least cost separating equilibrium is standard. The level of credential, the "good" type will choose in order to separate from the "bad" type is lower (higher) with negative (positive) externality than in the case when externalities are absent. In contrast to previous literature, we show that when the magnitude of positive externalities is high enough, the least cost separating equilibrium is rather different in nature: The "good" type will choose the highest rather than the lowest possible levels of credential in order to separate from the "bad" type. Interestingly, in the case of very strong positive market externalities, the separation of workers' types is impossible, and we end up with a pooling equilibrium with maximum signaling. Finally, when considering the welfare effects, we show that under certain conditions, the private market solution may involve too little signaling compared to social optimum.
Market Segmentation for Pro-environmental Cosmetic Products : Finnish Cosmetic Markets
In view of improving multi-country forest sector models, this study investigated to what extent the price and income elasticity of demand for forest products had changed in the past two decades, and how much they depended on the countries income level. For each of seven major product groups annual observations were divided between high-income (top 20% in gross domestic product per capita) and low-income, and between recent (2004-2013) and older (1992-2003) observations. The results indicated that for sawnwood and particleboard the data could be pooled across all countries and years. For the other commodity groups (veneer & plywood, fiberboard, newsprint, printing & writing paper, other paper & paperboard), there were statistically significant differences in gross domestic product or price elasticity between high and low-income levels or old and recent observations. Efficient elasticities were obtained by pooling the maximum number of observations while respecting the statistically significant differences. The resulting GDP elasticities were the same, or very close, across income levels for all products. The price elasticities differed by income level only for newsprint and for veneer and plywood. International forest sector projections to 2065 obtained with these elasticities compared with those based on pooling all data across time and income levels gave less than 3% difference for world consumption of sawnwood, particleboard, fiberboard, and newsprint, but 19% higher consumption for veneer and plywood, 31% for printing and writing paper, and 18% for other paper and paperboard. The world price was 1% to 11% higher for end products and 3% to 22% higher for raw materials and intermediate products..
Consumers and the market
A Pre-Marketing Plan for UpGroup
Analysis of the Pork Market in China and its Opportunities
The international cut flower manual 1997/98
Market orientation : Evaluation of organization's internal information processes and their antecedents : Case Specta AG
FOREIGN INVESTMENT IN BAHRAIN : Case company: A Private Entrepreneur from Lithuania
Market Potential for Vietnamese Organic Food Products in Finland
Report of the Indian plywood delegation to West Asia, East Africa, U.A.R. (Egypt) and the United Kingdom
Critical perspectives on regulation of international financial markets : assessing the possibilities for transatlantic regulatory cooperation
The Development of Haian Machinery Manufacturing Co. Ltd in the Internationalization
Some theoretical issues in market orientation and its relationship to business performance
OVERVIEW OF CHINESE CHAIN CATERING MARKET
Economic impacts of trade liberalization on the world sugar market
Understanding the economy
The Nordic media market 2009 : media companies and business activities
Market analysis on Swedish software markets for infoBoard Europe GmBH
Income and time dependence of forest product demand elasticities and implications for forecasting
Factors influencing a life insurance market : Estonia as an example
Building a Collaborative Network for Smooth Market Penetration for Finnish Bioenergy Companies in Africa : Case: MHG Systems Oy/Feedstock Optimum Ltd
From one segment to a segment of one - the evolution of market segmentation theory
The Chinese consumer : a segmentational approach
Market commentary : March 1987.
The sociological study of economic activity has witnessed a significant resurgence. Recent texts have chronicled economic sociology's nineteenth-century origins while pointing to the importance of context and power in economic life, yet the field lacks a clear understanding of the role that concepts at different levels of abstraction play in its organization. "Economic Sociology" fills this critical gap by surveying the current state of the field while advancing a framework for further theoretical development. Alejandro Portes examines economic sociology's principal assumptions, key explanatory concepts, and selected research sites. He argues that economic activity is embedded in social and cultural relations, but also that power and the unintended consequences of rational purposive action must be factored in when seeking to explain or predict economic behavior. Drawing upon a wealth of examples, Portes identifies three strategic sites of research - the informal economy, ethnic enclaves, and transnational communities - and he eschews grand narratives in favor of mid-range theories that help us understand specific kinds of social action. The book shows how the meta-assumptions of economic sociology can be transformed, under certain conditions, into testable propositions, and puts forward a theoretical agenda aimed at moving the field out of its present impasse.
Mastering business planning and strategy : the power of strategic thinking
Developing a business plan for a travel agency : case company: Scandic info
A study of concentration in the distribution of household electrical appliances, prices and mark-ups for the United Kingdom and the republic of Ireland
The new competition of the international wine market and its consequences on french producers' strategies : cace company : Champagne Fleury Domaine de la Garelle
Forest products annual market review 2005-2006
Tips for HR managers of German companies entering the Vietnamese market
Breaking into new markets : emerging lessons for export diversification
Success Essentials of Yiwu Small Commodity Market
Optimal information management : organizations versus markets
The impact of investment announcement on the market value of the company : empirical evidence from Finland
When will 3G come to China? : analysis of the Chinese mobile communication market
Finnish E-Commerce Deliveries to Russian Customers
Finland – Russia  Business cooperation 2014 - 2015
Three months after the Brexit vote : the current state of play
Projected trends of world raw material and energy markets until 2000
Electronic Technology in Home Medical Equipment in Chinese Market
Market analysis of Nepalese restaurant in South Ostrobothnia
Sorting rules for sawn woodgods as applied within the Hernösand district, Sweden, since the year 1880.
Signaling with externality
Marketing strategy research for Hubei cereals, oil and foodstuff import and export corporation
The European Expansion of TrueCPA Group
Market Entry of Finnish Companies into the United States
Characteristics and behavior of the poor consumers in the emerging markets
World cruises add capacity
The Effect of Culture on the Sales Process Within a Global Company. Case Company ABB Oy Distribution Automation Sales Unit.
Mobile Game Development, Mobile Market Insights and Animation Methods.
Market research of German Horticulture : Case: Netled Oy
HOW TO SUCCEED IN THE CHINESE EXPRESS LOGISTICS MARKET
Gearmotors : market and application analysis
Catch that goat! : a market day in Nigeria
NICHE MARKETS FOR TRADITIONAL TRAVEL AGENCIES IN CHINA
Summary.
The business potential for Vietnamese coffee in Scandinavian market
Essboard : entering the Norwegian market
Power and market : government and the economy
Entering the German Market - Case Study Barisma Oy
Some economic aspects of the world oil market
7th International Oat Conference : proceedings
Unlock the potential of contract farming : lessons from Ghana
Survey of Air Purifier Market Acceptance in China
Buying processes of language and communication training : case: Language Centre of Turku University of Applied Sciences
The French art market : a sociological view
Market research for Aww Design
Exporting to the Ukrainian water treatment market. Case study: Bimaks Kimya Ltd.
Economics of agricultural production, markets, and policy
Endogenous market transparency and price competition
Implied volatility with time-varying regime probabilities
Perspectives of Expanding Business into Russia
Up-market or down-market : criteria for socio-economic classification in Singapore for market segmentation
Cork production and international cork trade
Studies on decision making under risk in the context of gambling markets
Report : a marketing study of British wood supply. Volume 3.
A social and economic theory of consumption
Catching up with competitiveness in emerging markets : an analysis of the role of the firm's technology management strategies
Kitchen furnishing door markets in Sweden, Norway and Denmark
MARKETING COMMUNICATION STRATEGY IN CHINA : Case: Rovio Entertainment. Ltd
Introduction to modern marketing : an applied approach
Industrial organization and trade in the food industries
Advantages and disadvantages of an integrated market compared with a fragmented market : report of study
How to improve market position in the Finnish art market: A case study of Brande Arts Oy
General description of the mechanisms of the Community agricultural market. 1, Crop products
Strategy of Chinese market development for Mehi Oy
Changes to the EEC market organization for milk and milk products
Creating a marketing plan for Dynaset Oy in Nigeria.
A Smartphone Company's Innovative Marketing Strategy in the Chinese Market : A case study of iPhone
The agricultural situation in the European Union : 2002 report
Undoing the demos : neoliberalism's stealth revolution
Comparison of Finnish and Russian students’ buying preferences in discount retail: Preliminary market research for Tokmanni
Value-added wood products markets : 2001-2003
Internationalisation of Russian firms to Finland : case study of Russian SMEs
Market Opportunities for Automotive Components Used in Non-automotive Applications Manufacturing : Estonian Industrial Market
Importing Motorbikes from Estonia to Finland : case: Oliver Kuisma Motorbikes FIE
Entry and operation in Finland : case:  Specsavers
Vertically integrated enterprises and strategic trade policy
Essays on the behavioral foundations of competitive interaction
Marketing Research and Entry Mode Suggestions, Case Turijobs Tourism Services S.L.
Structural reforms and stabilization policies in the euro area
The market for woodpulp : a global and regional study
Adapation of a French brand to the Chinese market  : Case study: Sephora
The competitiveness of Bando Apparels Ltd in international market
Chinese Herbal tea brand positioning Strategy  : Case study: WONG LO KAT Herbal Tea
Tools for creating an international marketing program to Russia; Case Pro-FIT
Designing a new service model for Global Service Finland Oy : focus on Finnish health technology industry and emerging markets
Investing in India
Internalization decision making : case: Finnish waste water treatment company to Vietnam
Karibu East Africa Safaris Market Entry Strategy : Market Entry Strategy
Decision-making process of internationalization : Canadian water heater markets
Wind energy - the facts : a guide to the technology, economics and future of wind power
Impacts of electronic markets on work
Vietnam economic environment and financial risks
Expanding business in Spain : Case: Mystery shopping service provider Company X
The analysis of Huawei’s trend in Finland: case Huawei mobile phone
THE MARKET POTENTIAL OF SINO-FINLAND TRADING: EXPORTING FINNISH PORK TO HUBEI CHINA
MARKET OPPORTUNITIES FOR WATER TREATMENT CHEMICALS IN THE  NIGERIA MARKET,CASE: : Kemira
Creating a strategic business plan for a Nepalese construction company: a case study of Jhapali International Engineering and Builders
Telecommunication Market and Business Opportunities
The Impact of BIS regulation on market risk management : Comparison of standardized method and internal models approach
Evolution of international aviation : phoenix rising
Forest utilization in Europe : Germany, Norway, Sweden, Czechoslovakia, Finland, France
Pulp and paper prospects in Latin America
International performance of emerging market firms : marketing and supply chain capabilities and host country institutions
Pulp and paper prospects in Western Europe
The night club industry in Helsinki
Adapting Western Online Services to the Vietnamese Market
Market Development of Video Games : Video game markets and marketing
Market Research in Vietnam, case study: Medikro
Marketing in Germany: A market research for a start-up business of cake making/decorating business in Frankfurt
Australian information technology markets
Market anomalies and tactical asset allocation : utilising market anomalies in multiple asset class portfolios with the Black-Litterman model
A visit to the bazaar
Brand image of white wine
The egg market
Standardization versus customization : an assessment of the importance of marketing management bases for international market segmentation
