http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18644 bombs
bombs
Big mouth & ugly girl
Safety and security on passenger ships
Barefoot Gen. Volume nine : Breaking down borders
The Paradise guest house : a novel
Stealth warplanes
The bomb : a history of hell on earth
Gunsmith cats : Goldie versus Misty
Barefoot Gen. Volume two : the day after / translated by Project Gen ; [with an introduction by Art Spiegelman]
Heinkel He 280 : The world's first jet aircraft
Dark sun : the making of the hydrogen bomb
Air Force of the World
Vulcan : last of the V bombers
Barefoot Gen. Volume ten : Never give up
Devil at my heels
Source code
Barefoot Gen. Volume three : life after the bomb / translated by Project Gen
Bomb threat : a guide to bomb threat awareness for organizations
Detail & Scale 40 : U.S. Aircraft & Armament of Operation Desert Storm. 40
Company of heroes
Hiroshima : 6 August 1945
The hurt locker
Barefoot Gen. Volume one : a cartoon story of Hiroshima / translated by Project Gen ; [with an introduction by Art Spiegelman]
The small back room
Blonde Bombshell : a comedy of intergalactic proportions
Trinity : a graphic history of the first atomic bomb
The Goldsboro Broken Arrow : The B-52 crash of january 24, 1961, and Its potential as a tipping point for nuclear war
Predestination
Naval weapons of World War Two
German air force bombers of world war two 2.
B-17 Flying fortress in detail & in scale : part 1
Lockheed F-117 Nighthawk
Barefoot Gen. Volume eight : Merchants of death
Bomb : the race to build and steal the world's most dangerous weapon
Angels and demons : Robert Langdon's first adventure
The long walk : a story of war and the life that follows
Barefoot Gen. Volume four : out of the ashes / translated by Project Gen
One man and his bomb
Unthinkable
Bomb hunters : in Afganistan with Britain's elite bomb disposal unit
The Gatefold book of the world's great warplanes
Deathwing
Secret weapons : technology, science and the race to win World War II
The death of a mafia don
The big bang : a history of explosives
Barefoot Gen. Volume five : the never ending war
Protection of buildings against explosions
Dam busters : the race to smash the dams, 1943
Dirty war
Bombers of World War 2
Effective physical security
World Encyclopaedia of Modern Air Weapons
Hi-tech planes
Strategic bombers 1945-1985
Lockerbie : the story and the lessons
Consolidated B-24 Liberator
Keeper of the bride
Angels and demons
If Nina Cormier's wedding had taken place, she would be dead. But after the bride was left at the altar, the church stood empty when the bomb exploded. It wasn't until a stranger tried to run her off the road that Nina realized someone actually wanted to kill her. But who? That's what Detective Sam Navarro has to find out...fast. With a nightmare unfolding all around them, Sam and Nina must try to decipher the terrifying truth: they are at the mercy of a brilliant madman, one who is playing for keeps....
Barefoot Gen. Volume six : writing the truth  / translated by Project Gen
Tick tock
Encyclopaedia of Modern Aircraft Armament
Atomic platters : Cold War music from the golden age of homeland security
Weapons : an international encyclopedia from 5000 BC to 2000 AD
Loss prevention and security procedures : practical applications for contemporary problems
Fighters at war : the story of air-to-air combat
Buda’s wagon : a brief history of the car bomb
Firewall
Barefoot Gen. Volume seven : Bones into dust / translated by Project Gen
The bird that did not sing
The black diamond detective agency : containing mayhem, mystery, romance, mine shafts, bullets
Living with terrorism
