http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18652 ketones
ketones
Introduction to organic chemistry II
Introduction to organic chemistry
Hyperketonaemia 3-5 weeks post partum in organic and conventional dairy herds
Hydrogenation of vicinal diketones over cinchona alkaloid modified Pt catalysts
Fundamentals of organic chemistry
Microbial volatile organic compounds (MVOCs)
Novel and powerful lanthanide(II) reagents : synthetic advances and mechanistic considerations
Chemistry and technology of flavors and fragrances
Eosinophil as a target for pathophysiological factors and pharmacological compounds
Development of benign synthesis of some terminal α-hydroxy ketones and aldehydes
Laboratory experiments for organic and biochemistry
Highly hydrophobic volatile organic compounds (VOCs) such as n-hexane have major impacts on the environment and human health and for this reason their release to the atmosphere should be prevented. This set off the development of various treatment technologies, one of them being biological treatment systems. These systems are known for their cost-effectiveness and their low environmental impact. A disadvantage of these systems when applied to the treatment of hydrophobic VOCs is their poor mass transfer from the gas phase to the aqueous phase. Therefore, the use of a two-phase partitioning bioreactor can function as an effective alternative for hydrophobic VOC treatment. TPPBs are based on the addition of a non-aqueous phase (NAP), either liquid solvent or solid polymer, to overcome the mass transfer limitation. In this study different operational strategies were assessed to find the most feasible strategy in operating a two-phase partitioning bioreactor for the treatment of n-hexane. During 80 days of operation, different experimental operation modes were used including silicone oil addition, addition of a hydrophilic consortium and operation at a medium exchange rate (MER) of 0.5 L day-1. The addition of silicone oil had already a significant increase in elimination capacity (EC). The addition of a hydrophilic consortium was characterized with twice as high EC, but did not last for very long. Eventually when a MER of 0.5 L day-1 was applied a high steady EC was reached. Therefore changing the medium at a rate of 0.5 L dat-1 was the most effective operation mode for keeping a high and stable biodegradation of n-hexane. During this period the EC and removal efficiency (RE) reached values of 21 ±1.5 g m-3 h-1 and 80 ± 5 %, respectively. Therefore, these operational conditions should be considered for potential application of TPPBs at large scales.
Macroscale and microscale organic experiments
Hyperketonaemia  risk lower in organic cows housed in free stalls
Operational strategies of two-phase partitioning bioreactors for the treatment of n-hexane
Iron(III) as Lewis acid catalyst in organosilicon and carbonyl chemistry
Studies on the toxicokinetics of methyl ethyl ketone
Organic chemistry
