http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18641 result targets
result targets
Analysts' earnings forecasts and equity valuation - A study of forecast accuracy and applicability of equity valuation models in the Nordic stock markets in 2000-2003
Summary (s. 9-11).
Be the best at what matters most : the only strategy you will ever need
Alcohol addiction and self-regulation : a controlled trial of a relapse prevention program for Finnish inpatient alcolics
The cross-cultural view on students' motivation to learn
Management : leading people and organizations in the 21st century
The shift to learning outcomes : conceptual, political and practical developments in Europe
The seven keys to managing strategic accounts
Teaching strategies for quality teaching and learning
Teaching for quality learning at university : what the student does
Seeing is believing : how the new art of visual management can boost performance throughout your organization
Meritocratic education and social worthlessness
The myth of scientific literacy
The balanced scorecard : translating strategy into action
Measurement-based value alignment and reasoning about organizational goals and strategies : studies with the ICT industry
The trainer's balanced scorecard : a complete resource for linking learning to organizational strategy
Improving student engagement and development through assessment : theory and practice in higher education
Earnings management in the process of preparing corporate financial reports
How have the projects ensured that the change in business will happen?
Over the past seven years, in a highly unstable global economy, Cisco doubled revenue, tripled profits, and quadrupled earnings per shareIn this book, Cisco Senior Vice President Inder Sidhu explains how the company has been phenomenally successful by focusing on both innovation and new business as well as core businesses, stressing both discipline and flexibility, and winning over both customers and partners.
World class selling : the science of selling, the complete selling process
Social psychological perspectives
Doing both : how Cisco captures today's profit and drives tomorrow's growth
Successful sales management : how to make your team the best
Assuring the quality of VET systems by defining expected outcomes : a cross-country analysis in seven Member States
Education's abiding moral dilemma : merit and worth in the cross-Atlantic democracies, 1800-2006
The learning portfolio : reflective practice for improving student learning
Earnings management through IFRS goodwill impairment accounting : in the context of incentives created by earnings targets
As a teacher in an inner-city school, Lucy Crehan was exasperated with ever-changing government policy claiming to be based on lessons from 'top-performing' education systems. She became curious about what was really going on in classrooms of the countries whose teenagers ranked top in the world in reading, maths and science. Determined to dig deeper, Lucy set off on a personal educational odyssey through Finland, Japan, Singapore, Shanghai and Canada, teaching in schools, immersing herself in their very different cultures and discovering the surprising truths about school life that don't appear in the charts and graphs. Cleverlands documents her journey, weaving together her experiences with research on policy, history, psychology and culture to offer extensive new insights and provide answers to three fundamental questions: How do these countries achieve their high scores? What can others learn from them? And what is the price of this success?
Achievement goals, achievement behaviours, and skill development in the school and home context : their antecedents and correlates
Does the cream always rise to the top? : correlations between pre-school academic giftedness and perceptions of self, academic performance and career goals, after nine years of Finnish comprehensive schooling
PISA under examination : changing knowledge, changing tests, and changing schools
Internet as a marketing communication tool for small companies
Summary in estonian.
Miracle of education : the principles and practices of teaching and learning in Finnish schools
Measuring what matters most : choice-based assessments for the digital age
Teaching study skills and supporting learning
Accountability in education : a philosophical inquiry
Management and organisational behaviour
Evaluation of the equal opportunities in the Finnish comprehensive school 1998-2001
The power of minds at work : organizational intelligence in action
Human development report 2003 : Millennium development goals: a compact among nations to end human poverty
Handbook on performance management
Unequal by design : high-stakes testing and the standardization of inequality
Power score : your formula for leadership success
Workfare programmes in Brazil : an evaluation of their performance
Earnings management to report profits and earnings increases
Finnish pupils' success in international student assessment tests and the characteristics of the Finnish educational system are the focus of interest all around in the world. The significance of Finnish educational policy and societal atmosphere are continuously discussed. This book provides explanations, answers and reflections to these questions. Over 30 expert authors have contributed to this book by bringing their own specific research-based points of view. The second edition of the book introduces the new national curriculum for basic education that now provides guidelines for school-based curricula. Students' learning with engagement and schools as learning communities are core visions of the reform. The authors also reflect on the PISA 2012 results. The book gives an example on how to use PISA information for national improvements. In Finland, all evaluations are enhancement-led and this also includes PISA measurements. The book illustrates how teaching and learning of different subjects is realized in Finnish schools and describes the essential characteristics and methods of teaching, learning materials and research on these issues. The book provides important insight and reflections to international researchers, teachers, students, journalists and policy makers, who are interested in teaching and learning in Finnish schools. It shows the results of the systematic and persistent work that has been done on education and schooling in Finland. The main features of education in Finland are:Strong equity policy, teachers as autonomous and reflective academic experts, flexible educational structures and local responsibility for curriculum development, evaluation for improvements, not for ranking, no national testing, no inspectorate, research-based teacher education, teachers' high competence in content knowledge and pedagogy, trust in education and teachers.
The dynamics of educational effectiveness : a contribution to policy, practice and theory in contemporary schools
Finnish knowledge in mathematics and sciences in 2002 : final report of LUMA programme
International encyclopedia of economics of education
Abstract: The political conceptions of the National Coalition Party (conservatives) and the Social Democratic Party in Finland in 1960-1970 with the manner of narrating stories.
Summary (s. 9-10).
What has sociology achieved?
Winners in business aren't the ones who do the most things; the winners are the ones who do the most important things Be the Best at What Matters Most. is about the one essential strategy for business leaders, entrepreneurs, owners, managers and those who want to be one. Simplify, focus, and win by outperforming all your competition on those things that create real value for the customer. This is about substance, not flash, and the ultimate "wow" factors of high quality performance, consistency and relentless improvement. * Thought provoking questions, activities, and action steps are built into every section of the book * Author Joe Calloway, an International Speakers Hall of Fame inductee, has been a popular business speaker for thirty years and worked with hundreds of companies to help them create and sustain success * Author has published four books with Wiley Be the Best at What Matters Most will help you and your team focus on taking the actions that maximize results, growth, and profit.
Educational standards
Management & organisational behaviour
Creating conditions for innovative and high-performing teams
The pursuit of excellence through education
