http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1863 forest management planning
forest management planning
Modelling future timber price development by using expert judgments and time series analysis
Local pivotal method sampling design combined with micro stands utilizing airborne laser scanning data in a long term forest management planning setting
Influence of clear-cutting on the risk of wind damage at forest edges : a GIS-based integrated models approach
Forestry in Malå, northern Sweden, coexists with other land uses. Reindeer husbandry is in the area for centuries and requires large areas of grazing land. Competing land uses may threaten the Malå Sami village. The aim of the study was to evaluate increased consideration in forest management towards 1) reindeer husbandry, 2) nature and 3) a combination of the two. These scenarios were compared with forest management as it was in 2009. Results indicate that all three scenarios lead to a decrease in annual harvesting volumes of 0.2 to 0.4 million m3. Forest industry dominated the economic viability in the area. Forest management adapted to the needs of reindeer husbandry resulted in less potential for yearly harvest, employment and profits from forest industry. On the other hand, it led to an increase in growing stock and consequently the potential for carbon sequestration over time. Indeed the increased sequestration would compensate for all fossil emissions of carbon from the Forest Wood Chain (FWC). The nature scenario had minor effects on economic result and on the emissions of fossil carbon. The combined scenario gave a reduced economic performance for the FWC. A scenario based on forest management accommodating the needs of reindeer husbandry gave the best economic result for the reindeer chain, due to high survival rate of the reindeer. However the economic importance of reindeer husbandry in the region was small compared to the FWC. Results from scenario analysis could serve as a platform for mutual understanding between stakeholders.
The Netherlands
Ecological knowledge towards sustainable forest management : habitat requirements of the Siberian flying squirrel in Finland
Multiple use of forests and other natural resources : aspects of theory and application
Evaluation of growth models used in the Swedish Forest Planning System Heureka
Additional insight into the performance of a new heuristic for solving spatially constrained forest planning problems
Analyzing the effects of inventory errors on holding-level forest plans : the case of measurement error in the basal area of the dominated tree species
Bridging the gap between hard and soft approaches for decision aiding
Combining environmentalism, developmentalismi and NGOs : NGO driven participatory forest management and forest certification in southeastern Tanzania
Proposal for the governement of Finland : Kenya participatory forestry programme august 1998 - july 2002
Testing a large-scale forestry scenario model by means of successive inventories on a forest property
Initial forest management in the Tennessee Valley
Three mathematical models for bucking-to-order
The nature areas surrounding the capital of Norway (Oslomarka), comprising 1 700 km2 of forest land, are the recreational home turf for a population of 1.2 mill. people. These areas are highly valuable, not only for recreational purposes and biodiversity, but also for commercial activities. To assess the impacts of the challenges that Oslo municipality forest face in their management, we developed four optimization problems with different levels of management constraints. The constraints consider control of harvest level, guarantee of minimum old-growth forest area and maximum open area after final harvest. For the latter, to date, no appropriate analyses quantifying the impact of such a constraint on economy and biomass production have been carried out in Norway. The problem solved is large due to both the number of stands and number of treatment schedules. However, the model applied demonstrated its relevance for solving large problems involving maximum opening areas. The inclusion of maximum open area constraints caused 7.0% loss in NPV compared to the business as usual case with controlled harvest volume and minimum old-growth area. The estimated supply of 20-30 GWh annual energy from harvest residues could provide a small, but stable supply of energy to the municipality..
Management plan for the Lemonthyme State Forest
Integrating fire risk into forest planning
Kenya forestry master plan - report of a review mission : Joint Kenya/finnida review report for the preparatory phase
An introduction to planning forestry development
Mobile Decision Support System for Forest Owners and Forest Professionals
Elements of visual design in the landscape
Team report from University of Helsinki, Department of Forest Resource Management
Tanzania forestry action plan 1990/91 - 2007/08 : technical annexes vol. 1-2
Norway
MELA2016 : reference manual
Stakeholder perspectives about proper participation for Regional Forest Programmes in Finland
Wicksellian theory of forest rotation under interest rate variability
CoPack : toolkit for training collaborative planning
Utilisation of GIS tools to analyse the accessibility, fragmentation and human pressure of urban forest around big cities in Europe
Talk-in-interaction analysis enhancing collaborative learning in a forest advisory encounter
Participatory and regional approach in forest planning : present state and an ideal model for private land in Finland
Proceedings of the Biennial Meeting of the Scandinavian Society of Forest Economics, Lom, Norway 6th-9th April, 2008
Nontimber benefits, price uncertainty, and optimal harvest of an even-aged stand
A forestry venture
Multiple-use of tradeoffs in Swedish mountain region forests
Impact of maximum opening area constraints on profitability and biomass availability in forestry - a large, real world case
The sensitivity of central European mountain forests to scenarios of climatic change: methodological frame for a large-scale risk assessment
Working plan for the grown forests in southern Tasmania 1983
The management of forests
Forest planning in Iceland : forest management system and forest plan for larch plantations in Hallormsstaður, East Iceland
Improving the consultation model for forest planning : a design-based study
Stand level analysis on the effects of management and climate change on the growth and timber yield with implications on carbon stocks in boreal forest ecosystem : a model based approach
Nearly 30% of Finland's land area is covered by peatlands. In Northern parts of the country there is a significant amount of low-productive drained peatlands (LPDPs) where the average annual stem volume growth is less than 1 m3 ha-1. The re-use of LPDPs has been considered thoroughly since Finnish forest legislation was updated and the forest regeneration prerequisite was removed from LPDPs in January 2014. Currently, forestry is one of the re-use alternatives, thus detailed forest resource information is required for allocating activities. However, current forest inventory practices have not been evaluated for sparse growing stocks (e.g., LPDPs). The purpose of our study was to evaluate the suitability of airborne laser scanning (ALS) for mapping forest inventory attributes in LPDPs. We used ALS data with a density of 0.8 pulses per m2, 558 field-measured reference plots (500 from productive forests and 58 from LPDPs) and k nearest neighbour (k-NN) estimation. Our main aim was to study the sensitivity of predictions to the number of LPDP reference plots used in the k-NN estimation. When the reference data consisted of 500 plots from productive forest stands, the root mean square errors (RMSEs) for the prediction accuracy of Lorey's height, basal area and stem volume were 1.4 m, 2.7 m2 ha-1 and 13.7 m3 ha-1 in LPDPs, respectively. When 30 additional reference plots were allocated to LPDPs, the respective RMSEs were 1.1 m, 1.7 m2 ha-1 and 10.0 m3 ha-1. Additional reference plot allocation did not affect the predictions in productive forest stands..
Patterns and processes in forest landscapes : multiple use and sustainable management
Experiences in the elaboration, implementation and follow-up of forest management plans in natural tropical forests using computers, computer software and other technological packages : a case study on Borneo
Recent advances in land owner extension : proceedings of the IUFRO 3.08 Symposium with a special theme of peer-to-peer learning among land owners, 3-5 April 2011, Kuusamo, Finland
Forecasting probability distributions of forest yield allowing for Bayesian approach to management planning
Scheduling spatial arrangement and harvest simultaneously
Analytical issues in participatory natural resource management
Can learning from the past help to predict the future in the environmental impact assessment on reindeer husbandry?
Evaluation of the multicriteria approval method for timber-harvesting group decision support
Towards sustainability : forestry and development in the Sudan : working paper to ESMAP, the World Bank Sudan fuelwood /forestry project feasibility - phase II
The equitable forest : diversity, community, and resource management
Estimating forest growth and carbon balance based on climate-sensitive forest growth model and remote sensing data
Determination of the optimum cutting policy for the forest stand by means of dynamic programming
The role of peatlands in Finnish wood production - an analysis based on large-scale forest scenario modelling
Public participation in practice : assessing public participation in the preparation of regional forest programs in Northern Finland
Modeling carbon sequestration and timber production in a regional case study
The assessment of the uncertainty of updated stand-level inventory data
Constructing forest plans interactively based on owner-driven evaluation of the holding- and stand-level alternatives
Management of lodgepole pine ecosystems : symposium proceedings : held at Washington State University, Pullman, 9-11 October 1973. Volume 2
Influence of growth prediction errors on the expected losses from forest decisions
Community forestry : local values, conflict and forest governance
The environment of high-yield forestry
Information systems in forestry : a brief overview
A participatory approach to tactical forest planning
Management and cutting budget problems in the Himalayan conifer forestry
Carbon mitigation and climate change through forest management
Macronomic aspects of forestry sector planning
Application of data from permanent experiments and forest inventories in the development of growth models applied in forest management planning
Appendices of Management plans for hardwood plantations of Longuza, Kwankoro and Kolekole
Comparison of co-existing forestry and reindeer husbandry value chains in northern Sweden
Heuristic techniques have been increasingly used to address the complex forest planning problems over the last few decades. However, heuristics only can provide acceptable solutions to difficult problems, rather than guarantee that the optimal solution will be located. The strategies of neighborhood, hybrid and reversion search processes have been proved to be effective in improving the quality of heuristic results, as suggested recently in the literature. The overall aims of this paper were therefore to systematically evaluate the performances of these enhanced techniques when implemented with a simulated annealing algorithm. Five enhanced techniques were developed using different strategies for generating candidate solutions. These were then compared to the conventional search strategy that employed 1-opt moves (Strategy 1) alone. The five search strategies are classified into three categories: i) neighborhood search techniques that only used the change version of 2-opt moves (Strategy 2); ii) self-hybrid search techniques that oscillate between 1-opt moves and the change version of 2-opt moves (Strategy 3), or the exchange version of 2-opt moves (Strategy 4); iii) reversion search techniques that utilize 1-opt moves and the change version of 2-opt moves (Strategy 5) or the exchange version of 2-opt moves (Strategy 6). We found that the performances of all the enhanced search techniques of simulated annealing were systematic and often clear better than conventional search strategy, however the required computational time was significantly increased. For a minimization planning problem, Strategy 6 produced the lowest mean objective function values, which were less than 1% of the means developed using conventional search strategy. Although Strategy 6 performed very well, the other search strategies should not be neglected because they also have the potential to produce high-quality solutions..
Tree crop ecosystems
Theoretical and empirical studies of long range forest management planning
Proceedings of the International Conference "Supporting the forest sector reform in Russia and in the Southeast European countries by assessing the experiences of the new EU member states" : Pushkino 21-22nd March 2007
Integrated assessment and management of public resources
Stochastic dynamic programming with multidimensional polynomial objective function approximations : a tool for adaptive economic forest management
Development of a spatial values-based recreation planning framework for Canadian Crown lands
Boosters of and barriers to smooth communication in family forest owners' decision making
Team report from University of Joensuu, Faculty of Forestry, Forest Mensuration and Planning
Forest regulation, harvest scheduling, and planning techniques
Team report from Finnish Forest Research Institute, MELA Team
Determination of the optimum cutting policy for the forest stand by means of dynamic programming = Metsikön optimihakkuuohjelman määrittäminen dynaamisen ohjelmoinnin avulla
Quality assessment of a forest inventory based on airborne laser scanning
Sammendrag: Teoretiske og empiriske studier av langsiktig økonomisk planlegging for skog.
The Finnish MELA system and on-going research projects
Moments of collaborative learning in forestry consultation : towards a discourse analytic evaluation  of current practices
The theory and practice of working plans (forest organization)
Uncertainty in forest simulators and forest planning systems
Application of ant colony optimization for the risk management of wind damage in forest planning
China : from afforestation to poverty and natural forest management
Caring for small woods
Post-congress proceedings, IUFRO Division 3 : XIX World Congress, held in Montreal, Canada, 5-11 August, 1990.
Stochastic simulation and optimization of mobile chipping economics in processing and transport of forest biomass from residues
Within-plot subsampling of trees for assessment in progeny trials of Scots pine
Comparison of strategies, methods and content in forestry education : An international comparative study
New approaches in forest mensuration as a basis for the management of Pinus radiata
Summary.
Caring for the forest : research in a changing world : statistics, mathematics and computers : proceedings of the meeting of IUFRO S4.11-00 held at IUFRO XX world congress, 6-12 August 1995, Tampere, Finland
The use of small units in forest planning calculations and its effects in the forest management plan
Managing forests as complex adaptive systems : building resilience to the challenge of global change
Search reversion within s-metaheuristics: impacts illustrated with a forest planning problem
Planning and control in the managed forest
Ecology of species living on dead wood : lessons for dead wood management
Country report from Sweden
Documentation of the SMI/92 forest management planning system
Planning as learning : a new paradigm for implementing sustainable forestry
Possibilities to aggregate raster cells through spatial optimization in forest planning
On risk and uncertainty in forest management planning system
Private forestry as an employment guarantee in countryside of Latvia
System for data logging at short intervals and processing of data about plant growth and climate
ITTO guidelines for the sustainable management of natural tropical forests
The importance of advisory services for forest owners and forest management planning are emphasized in the Finnish forest policy. One of the objectives set is renewing services used in forest management planning and advisory services. A forest management plan forms the basis of information for forest owners. However, many forest owners have not made use of forest management planning services. In 2009, North Karelia University of Applied Sciences started a project called Mobidec, which had an objective to develop a mobile system supporting the decision making of forest owners and forest professionals. The service developed was assumed to be most useful for those forest owners, whose forest management plan is out-dated or there is no forest management plan at all. This thesis was commissioned by the Mobidec project. The purpose of this thesis was to define the information provided by the developed system and specify the technical solutions to be used in development of Mobidec. The specifications stage and the actual development process of Mobidec are described in this thesis. The methods used in this thesis were those methods of software development. The Mobidec project resulted in a cross platform capable service, which provides comprehensive information on a measured compartment unit. Presumably, Mobidec will have positive effects on advisory services and timber sales.
The use of a reversion technique during the search process of s-metaheuristics has received little attention with respect to forest management and planning problems. Reversion involves the interruption of the sequence of events that are used to explore the solution space and the re-initiation of the search process from a high-quality, known starting point. We explored four reversion rates when applied to three different types of s-metaheuristics that have previously shown promise for the forest planning problem explored, threshold accepting, tabu search, and the raindrop method. For two of the s-metaheuristics, we also explored three types of decision choices, a change to the harvest timing of a single management unit (1-opt move), the swapping of two management unit's harvest timing (2-opt moves), and the swapping of three management unit's harvest timing (3-opt moves). One hundred independent forest plans were developed for each of the metaheuristic / reversion rate combinations, all beginning with randomly-generated feasible starting solutions. We found that (a) reversion does improve the quality of the solutions generated, and (b) the rate of reversion is an important factor that can affect solution quality..
The uncertainty of forest management planning data in Finnish non-industrial private forestry
Jaakko Pöyry's Master Plan for the northwestern forests
American forest regulation
Reorganisation of management of industrial plantations : report prepared for the Kenya Forestry Development Project
Strategic planning - production possibilities of broadleaves
Forestry sector : national development plan strategies of developing countries in Asia-Pacific region
A blueprint of the Hugin II system
Economic effects of environmental concerns in forest management : an analysis of the cost of achieving the environmental goals
Austria
Co-operation in forest management planning for private forests in Finland
Rot bilong mipela : the politics of logging in East New Britain, Papua New Guinea
Long term forest planning : economical and biological production possibilities of a forest = Langsiktig skoglig planlegging : økonomiske og biologiske produksjonsmuligheter i en skog
Effect of data acquisition accuracy on timing of stand harvests and expected net present value
Planning and regeneration areas in Finland
Potentials of forestry extension encounters : a conversation analysis approach
FORMU : a management planning system for multiple use forestry
Effectiveness of sermon policy instruments : forest management planning practices applying the activity theory approach
The updating of forest resource data for management planning for privately owned forests in Finland
Farm woodland management demonstration : Bent Creak experimental forest, March 23-24, 1948.
Examining the performance of six heuristic optimisation techniques in different forest planning problems
Growth and yield modelling for optimal multi-objective forest management of eastern Mediterranean Pinus brutia
Decision consultant and forest owner as pragmatic, adaptive planners in their everyday task environment : theoretical consideration and examples about practical research cases
Examples of computerized information systems in forestry
Integrating place-specific social values into forest planning : case of UPM-Kymmene forests in Hyrynsalmi, Finland
Kenya forestry development project : working paper for World Bank mid-term project review
Evaluating continuous cover forestry based on the forest owner's objectives by combining scenario analysis and multiple criteria decision analysis
The development and evaluation of a forest management game
A textbook on forest management
Decision support methods and techniques for participation in forest planning : solutions and experiences from Finland
A new sampling design, the local pivotal method (LPM), was combined with the micro stand approach and compared with the traditional systematic sampling design for estimation of forest stand variables. The LPM uses the distance between units in an auxiliary space - in this case airborne laser scanning (ALS) data - to obtain a well-spread sample. Two sets of reference plots were acquired by the two sampling designs and used for imputing data to evaluation plots. The first set of reference plots, acquired by LPM, made up four imputation alternatives (varying number of reference plots) and the second set of reference plots, acquired by systematic sampling design, made up two alternatives (varying plot radius). The forest variables in these alternatives were estimated using the nonparametric method of most similar neighbor imputation, with the ALS data used as auxiliary data. The relative root mean square error (RelRMSE), stem diameter distribution error index and suboptimal loss were calculated for each alternative, but the results showed that neither sampling design, i.e. LPM vs. systematic, offered clear advantages over the other. It is likely that the obtained results were a consequence of the small evaluation dataset used in the study (n = 30). Nevertheless, the LPM sampling design combined with the micro stand approach showed potential for improvement and might be a competitive method when considering the cost efficiency..
Developing spatial optimization in forest planning
Evaluating the neighborhood, hybrid and reversion search techniques of a simulated annealing algorithm in solving forest spatial harvest scheduling problems
Quantitative techniques in participatory forest management
The management of industrial forest plantations : theoretical foundations and applications
Geographic information for forestry planning
Collaborative learning in forestry consultation : the case of Finnish forest planning
Private and municipal forests and the forestry planning system in Japan - trends and problems after World War II
Capacity building for the planning, assessment, and systematic observations of forests : with special reference to tropical countries
Ecological and silvicultural strategies for sustainable forest management
Applying cognitive mapping approach to explore the objective-structure of forest owners in a Northern Finnish case area
This article assesses co-operative features of forestry advising encounters with an emphasis on their pedagogical positioning. The study argues that only an in-depth analysis can reveal the multifaceted nature of the advisory interaction and provide systematic justifications for extension service enhancement. Authentic video recordings of advisory encounters between a forestry extension advisor (FEA) and family forest owners (FFOs) are scrutinized using the qualitative approach of conversation analysis and the initiation–response–evaluation pedagogical sequence model. Although the actual interplay of the participants was founded on a distinct role differentiation (i.e. teacher–student), situational and contingent variations between formal and informal positioning emerged. The FFOs proved active in making initiatives (e.g. posing questions) and thus influencing the agenda of the meetings, whereas the FEA's speech turns were mostly used to restore the conventional hierarchical positioning. However, the results show that expert-directed service and customer-orientated services are not mutually exclusive. Effective forestry advisory practice is a rather socially motivated action embodied with talk and other means of communication. Thus the current emphasis on Internet-based services provides only halfway solutions, because virtual guidance lacks many of the interactive elements provided in face-to-face advisory encounters.
Policy and institutional change as a tool for sustainable tropical forest management with a special emphasis on Tanzania
Timber production planning in Lithuanian SSR
Tropical Forestry Action Programme operational principles
Investment theory and forest management planning
Silviculture : concepts and applications
Decision-making in forest management
Development phases of forest planning on non-industrial private lands in Finland : perspective of planners' work
Forestry handbook of Bhutan
Forest inventory attribute prediction using airborne laser scanning in low-productive forestry-drained boreal peatlands
