http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18607 entertainment electronics
entertainment electronics
Business plan : Gigantti e-store concept
At home with entertainment : changing uses, places and meanings of digital entertainment in family leisure
Digital storage in consumer electronics : the essential guide
Beginning iPhone 3 development : exploring the iPhone SDK
Home theater design : planning and decorating media-savvy interiors
Beginning iPhone 3 development  : exploring the iPhone SDK
The TICSP Workshop on Ambient Multimedia and Home Entertainment at the EuroITV 2006 : proceedings of the TICSP Workshop on Ambient Multimedia and Home Entertainment at the EuroITV 2006, Athens, Greece, May 25, 2006
Past tense, future sense : competing through creativity : 80 years of design at Philips
T3 : toys for the boys
Method of measuring the ergonomic characteristics of electronic products for domestic use
The ecology of games : connecting youth, games, and learning
New nomads : an exploration of wearable electronics by Philips
Brands & gaming : the computer gaming phenomenon and its impact on brands and businesses
Digital dreams : the work of the Sony Design Center
Computer games and digital cultures, conference proceedings : proceedings of the Computer games and digital cultures conference June 6-8, 2002, Tampere, Finland
inner/WORLD/AUDIO : sound, music, design
Throwing 'frags' in a classroom : a study on how Finnish adolescents learn English through video games
International brand management of Chinese companies : case studies on the Chinese household appliances and consumer electronics industry entering US and Western European markets
What video & TV : Helsinki
On the determinants of retail margins in Finland : some cross-section evidence
Communication technology update
Automated lighting : the art and science of moving light in theatre, live performance, broadcast, and entertainment
Today's competition in consumer electronic market is fierce. Companies that have been operating for several years are closing their shops at the same time as the biggest players are increasing their sales each year. Gigantti has been the market leader for many years but there is a threat of new competitors arriving to Finland to really challenge Gigantti's position as number one. Customers have more options from which to choose. The growth of online shopping has made it easy for consumers to compare prices and products but at the same time it is difficult for companies to hold on from these customers. The purpose of this thesis is to analyze the current market situation and figure out how Gigantti could ensure and increase its market share. Starting point was to create a new way of doing business and to offer an alternative way of shopping for the customers. The basis in the idea of the concept is to use the existing strengths of Gigantti. Idea is to combine the best from both – online and offline shopping. Theoretical framework was gathered from different sources. Literature and articles where been used to create differentiation strategy. Employee questionnaire was executed in order to receive valuable information about customer behavior of modern consumers. Personal interviews were also made to get insight of the current operations and fu-ture plans of Gigantti. Main findings indicate that Gigantti has a strong position in the market and is doing well with their multichannel thinking. However, there are still potential market areas to be conquered. Business plan section explains how e-store concept could work. It also offers a complete guidebook about what should be taken in to a consideration when starting up the first e-store.
innerworldaudio : sound, music, design
The business of research : RCA and the VideoDisc
An introduction to game studies : games in culture
What's next for entertainment
The illustrated dictionary of electronics
Beginning iPhone development : exploring the iPhone SDK
Design now!
Design since 1945
Phoenix : the fall & rise of videogames
Display of LCD-televisions in North American and Finnish household electronics retail stores
Communication technology update and fundamentals
On/off : new electronic products
