http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18631 ichneumonoid wasps
ichneumonoid wasps Ichneumonoidae
Phaenocarpa ungulosetosa spec. nov. from Finland and Elasmosoma depressum spec. nov. from Estonia (Hymenoptera: Braconidae: Alysiinae: Alysiini, Euphorinae: Neoneurini)
Additions to the revision of the genus Atractodes (Hymenoptera, Ichneumonidae) of the western Palaearctic Region. 2.
Species richness of neotropical parasitoid wasps (Hymenoptera: Inchneumonidae) revisited
Scambus signatus (Pfeffer), Xorides minutus Clément, X praecatorius (Fabricius) and Lethades laricis Hinz new to the Finnish and Swedish faunas (Hymenoptera, Ichneumonidae)
The Ichneumonidae of the Kevojoki area in Inari Lapland (Finland)
Oviposition preference, habitat selection and parasitoids of Melitaea athalia (Lepidoptera: Nymphalidae)
A review of the Collyriinae (Hymenoptera: Ichneumonidae)
Brief report : Notes on Leptocampoplex cremastoides (Hymenoptera, Ichneumonidae, Campopleginae), a new genus and species to the Finnish fauna
Dyspetes praerogator (Thomson, 1883), a new species and genus to Finland and Denmark (Hym., Ichneumonidae, Tryphoninae)
A new subgenus and species of the genus Pseudobathystomus Belokobylskij (Hymenoptera: Braconidae: Rhyssalinae) from the Canary Islands
Platygastridae from the Canary Islands and Madeira (Hymenoptera: Platygastroidea)
A new species of genus Eriborus Förster (Hymenoptera: Ichneumonidae) parasitizing Holcocerus insularis Staudinger (Lepidoptera: Cossidae)
Hymenoptera and biodiversity
Three Aphidiids and one Pteromalid parasitizing Rubus aphids
Ichneumonidae (Hymenoptera) new to Finland. 3.
Spatial ecology of food webs : herbivore-parasitoid communities on the pedunculate oak
Ichneumological (Hym.) reports from Finland. 2
Check list of Platygastridae of Finland (Hymenoptera, Platygastroidea)
New species of Orthocentrinae (Hymenoptera: Ichneumonidae) from Finland
Keys to parasitic Hymenoptera (family Ichneumonidae) of the USSR and adjacent countries
Abstract.
Additions to the revisions of the genus Stilpnus (Hymenoptera, Ichneumonidae) of the Palaearctic Region. 1.
Parasitic wasps
Ichneumological (Hym.) reports from Finland. 1
The geographic distribution of the Diplazontinae (Hymenoptera, Ichneumonidae) in the Palaearctic Region, with descriptions of two new species
Species of Xorides (Xorides) (Hymenoptera: Ichneumonidae: Xoridinae) parasitizing wood-boring insects in the Palaearctic part of China
List of Alysiini of Finland, exclusing the genus Dinotrema (Hymenoptera, Braconidae, Alysiinae)
Species richness of Neotropical parasitoid wasps (Hymenoptera : Ichneumonidae) revisited
Habitat heterogeneity, diversity and the distribution of parasitoid wasps in a lowland rainforest in Peruvian Amazonia
Ichneumonidae (Hymenoptera) new to Finland. IV
Seasonal and zonal distribution of Ichneumonidae (Hym.) on a subarctic fell during a calamity of the geometrid moth, Oporinia autumnata (Bkh.) on birches
Revision of the eastern Palearctic species of Dusona Cameron : (Insecta, Hymenoptera, Ichneumonidae, Campopleginae)
Peristenus varisae spec. nov. (Hymenoptera: Braconidae) parasitizing the European tarnished plant bug, Lygus rugulipennis Poppius (Heteroptera: Miridae)
Phylogeny of a taxonomically difficult group and evolution of host location mechanism
Revision of the European Mesoleptus Grav. (Hymonoptera, Ichneumonidae)
Diversity of parasitic wasps (Hymenoptera: Ichneumonidae) in a lowland rain forest mosaic in Peruvian Amazonia
Hidden creatures - systematics of the Euphorinae (Hymenoptera)
A review, and revision in greater part, of the Cteniscini of the Old World (Hym., Ichneumonidae)
Trophic interactions and cyclic population dynamics of the autumnal moth : the importance of hymenopteran parasitoids
Polysphicta nielseni (Hymenoptera. Ichneumonidae: Pimplinae) new to Finland
Developments in the evolutionary theory of social interactions
New records of Platygastridae (Hymenoptera: Platygastroidea) from Finland
One Cryptinae genus (Hymenoptera, Ichneumonidae) new to Finland
Taxonomy and species richness of Amazonian Pimplinae and Rhyssinae (Hymenoptera: Ichneumonidae)
Metopius harpyiae (Hymenoptera, Ichneumonidae, Metopiinae) new to Finland
