http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18650 Western culture
Western culture
Medievalism and Orientalism : three essays on literature, architecture and cultural identity
Integral psychology : yoga, growth, and opening the heart
Japrocksampler : how the post-war Japanese blew their minds on rock'n'roll
The tradition of Western music
Magia sexualis : sex, magic, and liberation in modern western esotericism
English summary.
Black Athena comes of age
Magic in Western culture : from antiquity to the enlightenment
Western esotericism : a guide for the perplexed
Globalization and the Gulf
Western civilization : a brief history
Interpreting Western civilization. Volume 2, From the enlightenment to the present
China and the West : ideas and activists
"I'm not like Indian women" : reflections of young European women in Varanasi, India
Fears and symbols : an introduction to the study of western civilization
A creative collision? : the musical developments born out of the encounter between Finnish missionaries and Owambo culture
Defending the West : a critique of Edward Said's Orientalism
The transformations of Korean civilization in East Asian history
Meaning in western architecture
Engaging with contemporary culture : Christianity, theology and the concrete church
On beauty
The primal, the modern, and the vital center : a theory of balanced culture in a living place
The new Vichy syndrome : why European intellectuals surrender to barbarism
Cultural and identity issues in Finland : experiences of seven immigrants from West Africa
Ricky Rouse has a gun
The myth of the clash of civilizations
From Plato to NATO : the idea of the West and its opponents
Can Asians think?
East Encounters West : France and the Ottoman empire in the eighteenth century
Conceptualising socio-cultural dimension of islamic political thought in the politics of AKP
Cool memories IV : 1995-2000
Experiments in civilization : the effects of European culture on a native community of the Solomon islands
Civilization in the West
Reading Lolita in Tehran : a memoir in books
Impacts of modernities
The loneliness of the dying
The making of the west : peoples and cultures
What is the West?
A comparative study on Islamic and western philosophy
Translating foreign ideas into domestic practices : pharmaceutical policies in Laos and Vietnam
Dress for the body, body for the dress : when islamic and westrn styles meet
The great books: from the Iliad and the Odyssey to Goethe's Faust : a journey through 2 500 years of the West's classic literature
Liberty in the age of terror : a defence of civil liberties and enlightenment values
Not with a bang but a whimper : the politics and culture of decline
A very brief history of eternity
Readings in Greek history : sources and interpretations
The story of the beliefs and practices called 'magic' starts in ancient Iran, Greece, and Rome, before entering its crucial Christian phase in the Middle Ages. Centering on the Renaissance and Marsilio Ficino - whose work on magic was the most influential account written in pre-modern times - this groundbreaking book treats magic as a classical tradition with foundations that were distinctly philosophical. Besides Ficino, the pre-modern story of magic also features Plotinus, Iamblichus, Proclus, Aquinas, Agrippa, Pomponazzi, Porta, Bruno, Campanella, Descartes, Boyle, Leibniz, and Newton, to name only a few of the prominent thinkers discussed. Because pictures play a key role in the story of magic, the book is richly illustrated.
'Between two worlds' : comparisons and explorations in oriental and western music cultures
Making England western : occidentalism, race, and imperial culture
Europe and Asia beyond East and West
Visions of heaven and hell before Dante
The Oxford history of western music
Why spirituality is difficult for Westerners
Consumers of culture in the modern world - whether high culture or popular culture - discover before long that the Bible, its tales and its characters and its idioms, is woven into the culture. Most of us wish we knew the Bible better, and are often at a loss to know what the biblical source or reference is to phrases or ideas we encounter. The editors of this unique volume have seen the need for an easy-to-use reference guide for those needing to track down information on characters, phrases, places, and concepts originating in the Bible. They assembled 200 scholars to write 1000 encyclopaedia entries on such biblical backgrounds to Western culture. The contributors to the volume have in mind readers without the specialization of formal biblical studies, and even those not familiar with the Bible's basic content. The presentation is twofold: entries begin with discussion of biblical terms in their original settings, and then illustrate occasions when those terms reappear in later cultural artefacts. This volume is then a dictionary of the reception of the Bible in later Western artistic and intellectual expression. There is a great deal here to explore and discover; turning these pages will prove illuminating not only as an introduction to biblical literature but also as a demonstration of the Bible's persistent contributions to our cultural heritage.
Young days in Tibet
History of Western music
Ancient worlds : the search for the origins of western civilization
Transformative change in Western thought : a history of metamorphosis from Homer to Hollywood
Napoleon in Egypt : 'the greatest glory'
Civilization : the six killer apps of Western power
The Middle East and Western values : a dialog with Iran : Bergedorf round table
Locating the West : problematizing the Western esotericism and occultism
A history of music in Western culture
An ideal reader for courses in Greek history, Greek civilization, and Western civilization, this comprehensive collection of more than 180 historical source documents covers major aspects of Greek civilization from the Archaic Age through the end of the Hellenistic Period. Featuring a diverse and extensive array of selections from the works of major authors, Readings in Greek History: Sources and Interpretations offers balanced coverage of political, social, cultural, intellectual, economic, and technological developments in Greek life. It provides selections drawn from historical, philosophical, and oratorical Greek literary texts and from documentary sources, including inscriptions and papyri. Many of the readings have been newly translated especially for this volume. Readings in Greek History: Sources and Interpretations is organized chronologically but also addresses various themes throughout--including religion, war, and gender relations--motivating students to explore essential historical topics from a variety of perspectives. Substantial introductions to each chapter and selection offer useful background information, while more than thirty photographs, images, and maps further illustrate key components of Greek culture.
Tongsǒ kyosǒp-kwa kǔndae Hanguk sasang = The Modern Korean thoughts during the interaction between east and west
Litter : the remains of our culture
Four cultures of the West
Meanings of the market : the free market in Western culture
The end of the cultural westernisation of the world?
Six maladies of the contemporary spirit
A survey of the traditions of western music by one of the most prominent and provocative musicologists of our time, this book illuminates, through a representative sampling of masterworks, those themes, styles, and currents that give shape and direction to each musical age.
The picaresque novel in Western literature : from the sixteenth century to the neopicaresque
Western civilization to 1500
From Athens to Auschwitz : the uses of history
Magical thinking : history, possibility and the idea of the Occult
The global politics of celebrity humanitarianism
Japan's love-hate relationship with the West
When souls had wings : pre-mortal existence in Western thought
The idea of the pre-existence of the soul has been extremely important, widespread, and persistent throughout Western history--from even before the philosophy of Plato to the poetry of Robert Frost. When Souls Had Wings offers the first systematic history of this little explored feature of Western culture. Terryl Givens describes the tradition of pre-existence as "pre-heaven"--the place where unborn souls wait until they descend to earth to be born. And typically it is seen as a descent--a falling away from a happier and untroubled state into the turbulent and sinful world we know. The title of the book refers to the idea put forward in antiquity that our souls begin with wings, and that only after shedding those wings do we fall to earth. The book not only traces the history of the idea of pre-existence, but also captures its meaning for those who have embraced it. Givens describes how pre-existence has been invoked to explain "the better angels of our nature," including the human yearning for transcendence and the sublime. Pre-existence has been said to account for why we know what we should not know, whether in the form of a Greek slave's grasp of mathematics, the moral sense common to humanity, or the human ability to recognize universals. The belief has explained human bonds that seem to have their own mysterious prehistory, salved the wounded sensibility of a host of thinkers who could not otherwise account for the unevenly distributed pain and suffering that are humanity's common lot, and has been posited by philosophers and theologians alike to salvage the principle of human freedom and accountability. When Souls had Wings underscores how durable (and controversial) this idea has been throughout the history of Western thought, the theological dangers it has represented, and how prominently it has featured in poetry, literature, and art.
Interpreting Western civilization. Volume 1, From Antiquity to the Sun King
Dictionary of the Bible and Western culture
Mathematics in Western culture
Civilisations of the ancient world : a visual sourcebook
The western canon : the books and school of the ages
A history of Western art
A new history of Western philosophy. Vol. 4, Philosophy in the modern world
Substance and attribute : Western and Islamic traditions in dialogue
A chaos of delight : science, religion, and myth and the shaping of Western thought
The Chinese tao of business : the logic of successful business strategy
This groundbreaking volume maps the shifting place and function of marvelous transformations from antiquity to the present day. Shape-shifting, taking animal bodies, miracles, transubstantiation, alchemy, and mutation recur and echo throughout ancient and modern writing and thinking and continue in science fiction today as tales of gene-splicing and hybridisation. The idea of metamorphosis lies in uneasy coexistence with orderly worldviews and it is often cast out, or attributed to enemies. Augustine and the church fathers consider shape-shifting ungodly; Enlightenment thinkers suppress alchemy as unscientific; genetically-modified wheat and stem-cell research are stigmatised as unnatural. Yet the very possibility of radical transformation inspires hope just as it frightens. A provocative, theorising, trans-historical history, this book ranges across classics, literature, history, philosophy, theology and anthropology. From Homer and Ovid to Proust and H. P. Lovecraft and through figures from Proteus to Kafka's Fly and to Spiderman, four historical surveys are combined with nine case studies to show the malleable, yet persistent, presence of transformation throughout Western cultural history.
The ambiguous allure of the west : traces of the colonial in Thailand
The secret lives of buildings : from the ruins of the Parthenon to the Vegas Strip in thirteen stories
The Bible in Western culture : the student's guide
Behind the war on terror : western secret strategy and struggle for Iraq
The crisis of the modern world
Does modernization mean westernization? : a comparative study of two novels from the late 19th to early 20th centuries by Chinua Achebe and Ch'ien Chung-shu
The self and its other : philosophical essays
Re-founding the world : a Western testament
Civilization and enlightenment : the early thought of Fukuzawa Yukichi
The house of wisdom : how the arabs transformed western civilization
A brief history of death
Dialogues across civilizations : sketches in world history from the Chinese and European experiences
The language myth in Western culture
Great thinkers
Constructing the subject, gaining authority : spanish musician Christina Rosenvinge and the performance of mythological and biblical female characters in her songs from 2011
Eccentric culture : a theory of Western civilization
Why the West rules - for now : the patterns of history, and what they reveal about the future
The birth of the queen / the modern homosexual : historical explanations revisited
A new history of western philosophy : in four parts
Anticipating China : thinking through the narratives of Chinese and Western culture
Stanzas : word and phantasm in Western culture / Giorgio Agamben
Worlds at war : the 2,500-year struggle between East and West
Russia and Europe : the Slavic world's political and cultural relations with the Germanic-Roman West
Lyrics alley
Imagining the other : orientalism and occidentalism in Tamil-European relations in South India
The decline of the West
An outline of a theory of civilization
