http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18664 angels
angels
Solomon's tale
The perdition score
Bloody cross. 1
Death's angel
Angels : from Rossetti to Klee
Seventeen-year-old Karou, a lovely, enigmatic art student in a Prague boarding school, carries a sketchbook of hideous, frightening monsters--the chimaerae who form the only family she has ever known.
Angels : true stories of how they touch our lives
Angel detox : taking your life to a higher level through releasing emotional, physical, and energetic toxins
Lucifer. Book one
Wolfhound century
Jesus' Christmas party
Bloody cross. 3
Tara and her talking kitten meet her guardian angel and other stories
Light brigade
Aerie and Reckoning
Angels : an introduction
What dreams may come
The year with angels : a guide to living lovingly through the seasons
Happy hour in hell
Occupy me
Angels please hear me
Earthian. [3]
Daughter of smoke & bone
Wings of forgiveness : working with the angels to release, heal, and transform
Lucifer. Book four
The color of angels :  cosmology, gender and the aesthetic imagination
"In a common rejoicing" : liturgical communion with angels in Qumran
Ancient angels : conceptualizing angeloi in the Roman Empire
Angels : messengers of the God
On angels' wings
Pita-ten. Volume 7 / [translation: Nan Rymer] ; [English adaptation: Adam Arnold]
Covet : a novel of the Fallen Angels
Pets are forever : amazing true stories of angelic animals
Angels and orthodoxy : a study in their development in Syria and Palestine from the Qumran texts to Ephrem the Syrian
Angels, archangels and all the company of heaven
Bloody cross. 2
The art of angels
Lucifer. Book five
A new light on angels
Angels : messengers of the gods
Seraph of the end : vampire reign. 1
Daughter of smoke and bone
Brush of wings
A year with angels
Despite needing a heart transplant and against the advice of her doctor, Mary Catherine moves to Uganda to work at a new orphanage. Whatever time she has left, Mary Catherine wants to spend it helping children -- especially since there will be no children of her own. The only problem is Major League Baseball player Marcus Dillinger, the man she never meant to fall in love with. Neither Marcus nor Mary Catherine's other friends -- Tyler Ames and Sami Dawson -- know just how serious her heart condition is. Still, Marcus is sure in the depths of his soul that something isn't right. Ultimately his correspondence with Mary Catherine leads him on a desperate life-or-death mission to rescue her and get her to a United States hospital before time runs out. Meanwhile, Sami and Tyler struggle with issues of their own. In a season when Tyler plans to ask Sami to marry him, the very core of their relationship is in jeopardy
What I tell you in the dark
The hunting ground
104 questions children ask about heaven & angels
Neverwhere
The healing miracles of archangel Raphael
Making angels, ornaments, and dolls by hand : step-by-step instructions for 47 projects
The little angel who lost her wing = Ang munting anghel na nawalan ng pakpak
Bloody cross. 4
Dreams of gods and monsters
The art of angels & cherubs
Boundless
Protected by angels : magical true stories of angelic intervention
The darkest seduction
Angels : ringing assurance that we are not alone
Truth and fear
The Crowfield curse
A thousand thousands served him : exegesis and the naming of angels in ancient Judaism
Archangel's heart
A crafter ́s book of angels
The valkyries : an encounter with angels
Thomas Fool alone has survived the wrath of both demon and angel, and now he faces his most thrilling and complex challenge. Troubling and deadly fires are spreading throughout Hell, and it is Fool's job to sift the ashes and find their source. The clues he finds are mysterious and unsettling, implying something different from the usual litany of cruelty he sees. But one fact is the most disconcerting: the fires have left his masters at the Bureaucracy terrified. In the midst of the chaos, Fool is sent to accompany a political delegation to Heaven. It is unprecedented for a condemned human to enter the land of the elevated, but Fool is protected as one of Hell's own. When his arrival coincides with the discovery of an impossible murder, he faces a catastrophic paradox. Violence, corruption, and fear are Hell's currency; how does one investigate evil where those concepts cannot exist? Impossible or not, the killings are real, and the evidence leads Fool deep into the contradictions of a visionary landscape, where danger can present itself in any form, and to the heart of a conspiracy with the power to upset the balance of Heaven and Hell.
Angel Detox : taking your life to a higher level through releasing emotional, physical and energetic toxins
The innocent
Tod and the clock angel
Angel crafts : Graceful gifts and inspired designs for 47 projects
Angelic layer. book 1
Cupids & Cherubs
The Devil's evidence
The angel's book of promises
Fallen angel. 2 : Down to earth
True angel stories : 777 messages of hope and inspiration
Neil Gaiman's murder mysteries / adapted for comics by P. Craig Russell
Master of the game
Torment
A need so beautiful
A Crafter's book of angels
Angel secrets : transform your life with guidance from your angels
Inspirational stories of angels
Angel crafts : graceful gifts and inspired designs for 47 projects
Angels watching over me : an extraordinary investigation into experiences of afterlife communication
Angel's fury
Cherubs : angles of love
King of thieves
Love from Heaven
Succubus nights
Ebony and Nathaneal were in love before they were even born. Torn apart and kept in different worlds, will they finally reunite in this exquisite conclusion to Hidden and Broken? Ebony was kept hidden on Earth for sixteen years, unaware that she was an angel. Unaware that her true soulmate, Nathaneal, was searching for her. Now ready to claim her rightful place with him, in a cruel twist of fate Ebony is captured and imprisoned in a version of hell. Knowing that Nathaneal will come for her, Ebony is determined to fight against the evil that holds her prisoner. As long as she has Nathaneal's love, Ebony has nothing to fear. Can Nathaneal break through the gates of hell? Will these long-lost lovers finally reunite and fulfil their destiny? / WorldCat.
Making Angels : Ornaments and Dolls by Hand
Angels : an indexed and partially annotated bibliography of over 4300 scholarly books and articles since the 7th century B.C
The book of angels : an illustrated guide to celestial beings and angelic lore
The Hunting ground
On the side of the angels
Angels A to Z
Hallowed
Earthian. [2]
The Devil's detective
The day the angel came
Prince of tricks
Through a glass, darkly
Angel dreams : healing and guidance from your dreams
Lucifer. Book three
Angels : the concept of celestial beings - origins, development and reception
The archangel guide to ascension : 55 steps to the light
Radiant state
Soul angels
The angel therapy handbook
Lucifer. Book two
A concert of angels
A brief history of angels and demons
An angel spoke to me : true stories of messages from heaven
A Field guide to demons, vampires, fallen angels and other subversive spirits
A dictionary of angels : including the fallen angels
Unearthly
The mission
Angels : a modern myth
Messenger of light
Fearless
Earthian. [1]
The sacred history : how angels, mystics and higher intelligence made our world
