http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18635 philanthropism
philanthropism philanthropinism
The social conscience of the early Victorians
Humanitarian, philanthropist, and campaigner for Jewish emancipation on a grand scale, Sir Moses Montefiore (17841885) was the preeminent Jewish figure of the nineteenth centuryand one of the first truly global celebrities. His story is a remarkable and illuminating tale of diplomacy and adventure. Abigail Green's sweeping biography follows Montefiore through the realms of court and ghetto, tsar and sultan, synagogue and stock exchange.
Giving well, doing good : readings for thoughtful philanthropists
Philanthro-capitalism : how giving can save the world
The will to change the child : re-education homes for children at risk in nineteenth century Western Europe
Symposion and philanthropia in Plutarch
Creative philanthropy : towards a new philanthropy for the twenty-first century
Moses Montefiore : Jewish liberator, imperial hero
For philanthropists of the past, charity was often a matter of simply giving money away. For the philanthrocapitalists-the new generation of billionaires who are reshaping the way they give-it's like business. Largely trained in the corporate world, these "social investors" are using big-business-style strategies and expecting results and accountability to match. Bill Gates, the world's richest man, is leading the way: he has promised his entire fortune to finding a cure for the diseases that kill millions of children in the poorest countries in the world. In Philanthrocapitalism, Matthew Bishop and Michael Green examine this new movement and its implications. Proceeding from interviews with some of the most powerful people on the planet-including Gates, Bill Clinton, Warren Buffett, Oprah Winfrey, and Bono, among others-they show how a web of wealthy, motivated donors has set out to change the world.
William Wilberforce : a biography
"Only the super-rich can save us!"
Philanthro-capitalism : how the rich can save the world
