http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1866 competition (economics)
competition (economics)
Monopoly and competition and their regulation : papers and proceedings of a Conference held by the International Economic Association
Bear and turtle and the great lake race
Competing for urban growth : growth coalitions around the globe
The internationalisation of antitrust policy
Essays on environmental policy and strategic behavior in international trade
Cultivating the human capital of the Central Baltic Sea region : policy recommendation : expat-project
Competition and new technology in the electric power sector
Ten years of CCT: what are the experiences? : the example of the City of Stockholm
Market Research – System Integrators in Europe : From the viewpoint of Bosch Security Systems
Colonisation of a burned forest by ants in the Southern Finnish boreal forest
Dynamics of collaboration : the case of Finnish and American aerosol research groups
Do markup dynamics reflect fundamentals or changes in conduct?
Anton and the battle
Skills competitions in Finland for people with special needs
Playing by the rules : a guide to competition law around the world
The knowledge link : how firms compete through strategic alliances
Procedure and enforcement in E.C. and U.S. competition law : proceedings of the Leiden Europa Instituut seminar on user-friendly competition law
Haikyu!!. 5, Inter-high begins
Access pricing and competition in telecommunications
Moto GP yesterday &​ today
The rule of reason in antitrust law : American, German and common market laws in comparative perspective
EU competition policy and the consumer
Height distributions of Scots pine sapling stands affected by retained tree and edge stand competition
Costs and competition in retailing
Hotels in toughening competition : case study of Rovaniemi and hotel Santa Claus
Rival capitalists : international competitiveness in the United States, Japan, and Western Europe
The saturday supper club
The hundred-foot journey
Buck and his truck
The variable position of Arctic charr (Salvelinus alpinus (L.)) in subarctic lake food webs
Wax on, wax off, or whatever works for you : on the role of pre-competition emotions in elite karateka
Improving the supply chain management for car spare parts
After proving themselves to be the ultimate combination in their practice match against Tsukishima, Kageyama and Hinata are finally allowed to join the club! Hinata's true power-to perfectly time his spikes with his eyes closed-is awakened and nothing can seem to stop this crazy setter-spiker duo. Now their skills are about to put to the test at a practice match against one of Kageyama's former teammates from middle school, Toru Oikawa.
External competition and optimal delegation for the control of production processes
International business-society management : linking corporate responsibility and globalization
Developing a business plan for a company in Finland owned by foreigners. Case: Prime Sails Ltd
Competing globally through customer value : the management of strategic suprasystems
Political competition : theory and applications
Global wine market in the hands of the millennials : how France lost its predominance
Proactive law for managers : a hidden source of competitive advantage
Competitive advantage through mass customisation : self-assessment work book : 39 searching questions and contrasting pairs of examples : what separates the successful from the average?
Tiny pretty things
Creating a Competitive Advantage for the Commercial Real Estate Management Company on the Basis of Competitor Analysis : Case Study “Spektr”
The economics of commercial property market
Intellectual property rights and global competition : towards a new synthesis
About the Ethics of Business Competition
Can reverse payment settlements restrict or delay the generic market access?
The favorite
The new competition of the international wine market and its consequences on french producers' strategies : cace company : Champagne Fleury Domaine de la Garelle
Comparative competition law : approaching an international system of antitrust law : proceedings of the workshop, Bruges, College of Europe, July 3-5, 1997
Competitive governments : an economic theory of politics and public finance
The Green Mill murder
Peppa and her golden boots
Innovation as a Building Block of Success : Increasing the Competitiveness of Mindtrek
The Competitive enterprise : Winners and losers in German and European markets
Competition and consumer protection
The Competitiveness of Tampere Central Region in  Localization Decisions of ICT Companies
Immune system adaptations during competition period in female cross-country skiers
Industrial policy and competitive advantage. Vol. 3, Industry and country studies
Dynamics of competitive strategy
Competitor analysis and strategic marketing planning in a HVAC company  : Case company: LVI-Kallio Oy
Competitiveness and corporate governance
Intellectual property and competitive strategies in the 21st century
Analyzing China Smart Water Meter Industry Cluster Competitiveness
Vertical market integration and competition : the meat sector in Slovenia
Market research of window units and doors industry in Russia
Learning through cooperation and competition
Santa Claus has been described as the world's strongest brand. Although Santa Claus has been examined in the context of product and retail branding, the Santa mythology has been little discussed with respect to place branding. The article examines Santa Claus in relation to place branding and competition and provides a number of international examples where Santa is integrated into place branding strategies in order to construct regional advantage, particularly with respect to attracting tourists. Such strategies are regarded as extremely significant for peripheral areas which otherwise do not have the resources available for place branding that urban areas do. The paper concludes by noting potential future issues for Santa related place branding and Christmas tourism including the impact of climate change and issues of authenticity.
Danish Competition Law 2005.
THE USE OF REVENUE MANAGMENT IN HOTEL ACCOMMODATION INDUSTRY IN EASTERN FINLAND
The effect of oligopolistic competition on economic welfare in the Finnish food manufacturing
Law of Monopolies : competition law and practice in the USA, EEC, Germany and the UK
We introduce a model of price competition with endogenous market transparency, where it is costly for consumers to get informed about the announced prices. We show that there is symmetric mixed strategy equilibrium with a monotonic relationship between the degree of transparency and intensity of competition. Interestingly, we find that there exist multiple equilibria with zero, low and high levels of market transparency with the high level of market transparency being the stable equilibrium. Once comparing the stable equilibrium with the welfare maximizing one we find that the private market solution entails excessive investments in information acquisition. That is, at high levels of transparency the gain of consumers from increased transparency is smaller than the loss in the firms' profits leading to decrease in total welfare.
Species composition of dabbling duck assemblages : ecomorphological patterns compared with null models
The hating game
Empirical “first-filter” test for the existence of buyer power in the Finnish food supply chain
The state of strategy
Competitive marketing strategy
Unobservable vertical restraints and interbrand competition
The adverse selection problem in imperfectly competitive credit markets
Estonian Apparel Retail Market: Positioning the Brand Madonna
Since its intellectual inception in the 1930s and its political emergence in the 1970s, neo-liberalism has sought to disenchant politics by replacing it with economics. This agenda-setting text examines the efforts and failures of economic experts to make government and public life amenable to measurement, and to re-model society and state in terms of competition. In particular, it explores the practical use of economic techniques and conventions by policy-makers, politicians, regulators and judges and how these practices are being adapted to the perceived failings of the neoliberal model. By picking apart the defining contradiction that arises from the conflation of economics and politics, this book asks: to what extent can economics provide government legitimacy?
Essays on the behavioral foundations of competitive interaction
Ever since he saw the legendary player known as the "Little Giant" compete at the national volleyball finals, Shoyo Hinata has been aiming to be the best volleyball player ever! He decides to join the team at the high school the Little Giant went to-and then surpass him. Who says you need to be tall to play volleyball when you can jump higher than anyone else? After losing his first and last volleyball match against Tobio Kageyama, "the King of the Court," Shoyo Hinata swears to become his rival after graduating middle school. But what happens when the guy he wants to defeat ends up being his teammate?!
Lords of Vegas
Compendium of EC competition law
Designing an international supply chain
E.C. competition law handbook
Abstract (s. 1-2). Conclusion (s. 56-58).
Preliminary study on competition in the retail trade : (developments, problems, measures)
Undoing the demos : neoliberalism's stealth revolution
Competitive tendering : management and reality - achieving value for money
Spatial pricing and competition
Survey of Air Purifier Market Acceptance in China
Markets and democracy : exiting the tyranny of the majority
Promoting competition in Finnish grocery trade : case: Kaufland Stiftung & Co. KG
Proofreading market viability for Native English Solutions
Intellectual property and competition
Control of unfair or unconscionable marketing practices in Finnish consumer protection legislation
Monopolistic competition and the transmission of demand fluctuations
Distance-dependent models for predicting the development of mixed coniferous forests in Finland
Just call my name
Quality and competition : an essay in economic theory
Deregulation as a means to increase competition : Some Finnish experiences
Elevation in temperatures due to climate change could promote the invasion by C4 weed species of arable fields in the boreal region, which are dominated by C3 crops. The success of Amaranthus retroflexus L. (a C4 weed) in spring barley (a C3 crop) was studied at current and elevated temperatures (3°C difference) in a greenhouse experiment in southern Finland. The competition treatments included no competition and four levels of competition with barley, differing in terms of germination time. The success of A. retroflexus was measured as growth (height and biomass) and seed production (number and biomass). Elevation in temperature enhanced seed production of A. retroflexus, but the impact on growth was minor (only difference in plant height in one treatment). The growth and seed production of A. retroflexus in competition with barley was minimal although the growth of barley decreased with the rise in temperature. The results indicate that climate change could improve growth of a C4 weed such as A. retroflexus, but it is unlikely to succeed in spring barley.
Five steps for Finland's future : a high-level round table initiated by the New Club of Paris held in Helsinki, November 11th, 2006 with and for Prime Minister Matti Vanhanen
The jungle run
Herbivory on willows : abiotic constraints and trophic interactions
Management, education and competitiveness : Europe, Japan and the United States
And then comes marriage
Sokos Hotels St.Petersburg - Social Media Marketing Strategy
The theory of monopolistic competition : a re-orientation of the theory of value
COMCOT - an innovative tool for improving the competitiveness of community-based tourism : the evaluation of the community-based tourism development process
Competitive asymmetry, foraging area size and coexistence of annuals
Noncooperative approaches to the theory of perfect competition
Yhteenveto (Summary)
Establishing dealer relationship in a market network
Company Diversification Strategies : The Case of BIS Group in London, UK
The limits of neoliberalism : authority, sovereignty and the logic of competition
Competitive advantage through customer satisfaction
Competition in Finnish banking : two tests
Economic law as an economic good : its rule funktion and its tool funktion in the competition of systems
Santa Claus, place branding and competition
Mindtrek is a technology conference organised in Tampere, Finland. The 2016  conference consisted of five different events: Open Source World, Internet of Things Event, Mindtrek  Immersion, Smart City Event and Academic Mindtrek. The main organiser of the international conference is  COSS - the Finnish Centre for Open Systems and Solutions: a small non-profit organisation of seven  employees. In 2016, COSS acted as the organiser of the event for the second time in a row.  The purpose of this study was to identify industry related critical success factors that might need further  development. The objective of this was for Mindtrek to stay ahead of competition in the international  conference scene and, thus, increase competitiveness and recognition. A central focus point needed to be found  for the conference themes so as to make the central message of Mindtrek clearer. The data were collected in two phases; by conducting an interview with the Executive Director of COSS, and  during the second phase an anonymous survey was filled out by the employees who took part in organising the  conference. Mainly qualitative data were used during the writing of this thesis.  During the interview with the Executive Director of COSS, it was found that the critical success factors the  Executive Director wanted to further develop were all innovation related factors. Thus, the second phase of the  study included a survey filled out by the employees in order to find out if the prerequisites for innovation were  fully met at the workplace. The majority of respondents felt that they were not entirely sure of the vision and  goals of Mindtrek, and they hoped for more logical processes within the organisation.  The findings indicate that the innovative abilities of the team could be increased by clarifying the vision and  goals of the conference. This would help with finding a central focus point and deciding on the right themes.  The results also suggest that the filing system in use ought to be reorganised in order to facilitate the flow of  information between employees. Moreover, the innovation process should be paid attention to; problems or  topics should be clearly defined before meetings and more time should be reserved for discussion.
State of the region report 2006.. The Baltic Sea region : Top of Europe in global competition
Scramble for resources or orderly development : what is happening in the Arctic?
Bunny vs. Monkey. Book three
Unfair trade practices and consumer protection : cases and comments
Innovation, competition and collaboration
Yearbook
Management, marketing, and the competitive process
Adventures of Rocket Kid : cowboys just don't cry
Endogenous market transparency and price competition
Essays on competition in e-markets
Mercury beats Minerva? : essays on the accelerating impact of market logic permeating higher education
Tourism SMEs, service quality, and destination competitiveness
Retail market analysis in Vietnam and suggested growth strategies for retailers : case company: Big C Supermarket
The vanishers
Buyer power and competition policy in food supply chains has emerged as an important economic issue and a highly sensitive item on the policy agenda around the world. In Finland, the increasing concentration of the distribution sector and processing industry has raised concern over the existence and gradual growth of buyer power in these sectors. The purpose of this paper is to investigate the possible existence of buyer power in the Finnish food supply chain. More specifically, we follow an approach used by Lloyd et al. (2009) to measure oligopsony power among the Finnish food industry and retailers against farmers. The results suggest that the spread between producer and retailer prices in Finland is not consistent with perfectly competitive behaviour, and might thus be caused, at least as a candidate amongst other factors, by the existence of oligopsony power in the Finnish food supply chain.
Frontiers of competition law
Battle of the titans : how the fight to the death between Apple and Google is transforming our lives
The role of the competition agency in regulatory reform : proceedings of a Workshop by the OECD and the Fair Trade Commission of Japan
Knowledge, space, economy
Summary.
King of the fields
Aerobicin kilpailuliikkeitä = [I.C.A.F. glossary of movements]
The Cricket quiz book
Strategic learning : a route to competitive advantage?
The intensity of competition in European markets for logistics services
Industrial policy for national champions
The economics of imperfect competition
Evaluation of the level of competition in Baltic banking industries : an Boone indicator applied research
German antitrust law : an introduction to the German antitrust law with German text and synoptic English translation of the act against restraints of competition = Das Recht gegen Wettbewerbsbeschränkungen : eine Einführung in das deutsche Recht gegen Wettbewerbsbeschränkungen mit deutsch-englischer Textausgabe des GWB
Web-based decision-making application
Competitive strategies in european banking
Risk Management when taking part in Bidding Processes
Institutional investors as shareholders : the case of pension funds
Strategic Differentiation in Promotional Product Industry : Case: High Peak Finland Oy
Robot Competition, Design of Labyrinth and RobotDemo
Karasuno has successfully defeated Tohru Oikawa and Aoba Johsai in their practice match, but the team's future doesn't look so bright. The match uncovered serious holes in Karasuno's defense, which would be fatal in a real game! What they need is a defense expert, a libero, to cover their holes for them. It turns out Karasuno does have a libero named Yu Nishinoya, but he was suspended for one week for violent behavior! And he's even shorter than Hinata!
Foreign trade in the Barents region : experienced by Russian companies in the Murmans region : report from the RUSCA-project
Geis : a matter of life and death
Beyond competition to association : the economic transformation of Baltic state cities
Competitive conditions in Sweden : a summary of 8 investigated sectors
Perspectives on value creation and coopetition
Metaphoric descriptions of pre- and post-game performance-related experiences in a soccer team during a competitive season
The Prestige
The Selection. Book 1, The Selection Series : [Elektroninen aineisto
The new international price competition
Impact of temperature and germination time on the success of a C4 weed in a C3 crop : Amaranthus retroflexus and spring barley
"Getting the act together" - the Norwegian Competition Law reform a year on
Arena two
Dandy Gilver and the unpleasantness in the ballroom
Robot competition, design of labyrinth and RobotDemo
A method for using random parameters in analyzing permanent sample plots
Competition in education
The Marketing-Orientated Business Plan for a Company-To-Be, Case: Lauriida
EEC antitrust procedure
Supply Chain Management in Fast Fashion
The success factors of the Finnish mobile game industry : a strategic overview : cases Rovio & Supercell
Competitor analysis for Feelback Ltd - A base for strategic decision making
Non-price spatial competition model on discrete strategy space : undertitel
Meeting universal service obligations in a competitive telecommunications sector
The crown
Cleaning methods in planted Scots pine stands in southern Finland : 4-year results on survival, growth and whipping damage of pines
Antidumping and competition policy  - general comparisons
Competition in the 21st century
Creating Core Competence and an Expansion Plan for a Chinese Wellness Company in Finland
A model of banking competition : Finnish experiences during the deregulation of financial markets
How Bangladeshi Ready Made Garments          Industry can be competitive in the global Market.
Competitiveness, welfare systems and the debate on social competition
Competitive strategies on emerging markets : Case studies on the Finnish mobile gaming industry
Undergraduate & graduate performance development in UK Higher Education
26 bizarre tales of Shaolin vs. Wu-Tang
Electronic services as a creator of competitive advantage in conventional scheduled airlines
Model law on competition : substantive possible elements for a competition law, commentaries and alternative approaches in existing legislations
Trading in futures : why markets in education don't work
Marketing and competition. : the various forms of competition at the successive stages of production and distribution
Black swans : what will chance the world next?
The fury
Innovation as a building block of success : increasing the competitiveness of Mindtrek
Reports of Comission decisions relating to competition 1986-1988 : articles 85, 86 and 90 of the EEC Treaty
Modern competitive analysis
Product concept analysis for guidance monitoring limited
