http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1862 rural livelihoods
rural livelihoods
In agricultural history, specialisation is usually considered as progress, turning peasants into market-orientated farmers and allowing them to escape from self-sufficiency. Recent developments in the field of productivist agriculture and the recent rise of alternative agriculture cast doubt on this conventional concept of agricultural specialisation. Several questions arise: Did specialisation necessarily mean that farms concentrated on a single product? Was it always a great step forward? Did it occur in the same form in earlier centuries as in contemporary economies? The chapters of this book draw attention to several factors relevant to processes of specialisation, such as markets, transport, and the natural environment. The contributions deal with regions in 10 countries of Europe, from Sweden to Spain and from England to Bulgaria, and with periods between the seventeenth and the twentieth centuries. They suggest several conclusions. Specialisation can take place in various forms, ranging from focussing on a single major cash crop to giving preference to a combination of products. This is true both at the level of an individual farm as at a regional level. Specialisation did not always improve the farmers standard of living. And it was neither a linear nor an irreversible process. This can be observed in periods of war, but also in recent developments in post-communist countries.
Participation in artisanal fisheries management for improved livelihoods in West Africa : a synthesis of interviews and cases from Mauritania, Senegal, Guinea and Ghana
Rural policymaking procedures : promotion of economies in the partnerships for rural development
Finnish Agriculture and Rural Industries
Multifunctional agriculture : a new paradigm for European agriculture and rural development
Farmers, businessmen or green entrepreneurs: producers of new rural goods and services in rural areas under urban pressure
From farming to marketing: rural Zambia faces new challenges
Cooperation and networking of small rural food processing firms in Finland : a possible measure to improve local food production
Finnish agriculture and rural industries 2005 : ten years in the European Union
Fruit products for profit
The new agritourism : hosting community and tourists on your farm
Income generation from non-wood forest products in upland conservation
Viable countryside - our joint responsiblity : rural policy programme 2005-2008 : summary
Finnish agriculture and rural industries 2002
Co-evolution of agriculture and rural development in different regional institutional contexts : case studies from Finland and Italy
Women : the cattle keepers of Eastern Finland : an analysis of the economic and political roles of women in Kuusisaari village in the twentieth century
From combines to computers : rural services and development in the age of information technology
Networks, skills and trust : the necessary ingredients of rural entrepreneurship in the Baltic countries
Higher value addition through hides and skins
Community based adaptation in action : a case study from Bangladesh : project summary report (phase 1) : improved adaptive capacity to climate change for sustainable livelihoods in the agriculture sector
Milk for health and wealth
Finnish agriculture and rural industries 2003
Toward sustainable agricultural systems in the 21st century
The economics of very small farms : a further look
Countryside conflicts : the politics of farming, forestry and conservation
Entrepreneurship in the forest sector in Europe
Bulgarian rural women today
Path-dependency theory and post-socialist transition
Living countrysides : rural development processes in Europe : the state of the art
Human dimensions of family, farm, and community forestry : March 29 - April 1, 2004 Symposium, Washington State University, Pullman, Washington
Resilient livelihoods : disaster reduction for food and nutrition security
Report of the Workshop on Participatory Approaches in Aquaculture : Bangkok, Thailand, 28 February - 1 March 2000.
From agriculture to tourism : constructing new relations between rural nature and culture in Lithuania and Finland
Finnish agriculture and rural industries 2015
Livelihood diversification and land use change in the Sahel : an interdisciplinary analysis of gum arabic in Sudan
Central and Eastern European agriculture in an expanding European Union
Structural change in Europe's rural regions : farm livelihoods between subsistence orientation, modernisation and non-farm diversification ; [27th International Conference of Agricultural Economists (IAAE) Beijing, China, August 16. - 22, 2009 "The New Landscape of Global Agriculture"; IAAE Mini Symposium "Structural change in Europe's rural regions - Farm Livelihoods between Subsistence Orientation, Modernisation and Non-farm Diversification" ; proceedings]
Benchmarking in food and farming : creating sustainable change
Rural people and communities continue to play important social, economic and environmental roles at a time in which societies are rapidly urbanizing, and the identities of local places are increasingly subsumed by flows of people, information and economic activity across global spaces. However, while the organization of rural life has been fundamentally transformed by institutional and social changes that have occurred since the mid-twentieth century, rural people and communities have proved resilient in the face of these transformations. This book examines the causes and consequences of major social and economic changes affecting rural communities and populations during the first decades of the twenty-first century, and explores policies developed to ameliorate problems or enhance opportunities. Primarily focused on the U.S. context, while also providing international comparative discussion, the book is organized into five sections each of which explores both socio-demographic and political economic aspects of rural transformation. It features an accessible and up-to-date blend of theory and empirical analysis, with each chapter's discussion grounded in real-life situations through the use of empirical case-study materials. Rural People and Communities in the 21st Century is intended for advanced undergraduate and graduate courses in rural sociology, community sociology, rural and/or population geography, community development, and population studies--From publisher description.
Finnish agriculture and rural industries 2008
Business management for the equine industry
Pigs for prosperity
Agriculture and forestry in rural development of Kainuu, Finland
Small enterprises and rural community in Estonia : a basis for future development
Rural development programme for mainland Finland 2007-2013
Mobility and territoriality : social and spatial boundaries among foragers, fishers, pastoralists and peripatetics
The resilience of rural Ethiopian livelihoods : a case study from Hararghe zone, Eastern Ethiopia
Ideas of time in America
Rural tourism development and economic diversification for local communities in Botswana : the case of Lekhubu Island
Countryside for vigorous Finland : Government report to Parliament on rural policy
The end of peasantry? : the disintegration of rural Russia
Development in Nordic and mountain settlements : proceedings of a symposium held by the International Geographical Union's Commission on Rural Development, 23-25 April, 1981, at Fresno, California, USA : special issue
New rural goods and services : the foundation of the new countryside?
The way we did it : Finnish rural development programmes 2000-2006
Liminal landscapes : beyond the concepts of "marginality" and "periphery"
The success of the diversified farm : resource-based view
Agricultural specialisation and rural patterns of development
Handbook of rural studies
Fisheries credit programmes and revolving loan funds : case studies
Very small farms : ' a distinctive role'?
Finnish agriculture and rural industries 2007
Trade measures - tools to promote the sustainable use of NWFP? : an assessment of trade related instruments influencing the international trade in non-wood forest products and associated management and livelihood strategies
Agroforestry ; an ecological tool
Wine tourism around the world : development, management and markets
Sustainability and meanings of farm-based bioenergy production in rural Finland
The impact of rural resettlement on livelihoods : a case of Isara resettlement site in Dawuro, Ethiopia
"In the last 20 years, there has been a remarkable emergence of innovations and technological advances that are generating promising changes and opportunities for sustainable agriculture, yet at the same time the agricultural sector worldwide faces numerous daunting challenges. Not only is the agricultural sector expected to produce adequate food, fiber, and feed, and contribute to biofuels to meet the needs of a rising global population, it is expected to do so under increasingly scarce natural resources and climate change. Growing awareness of the unintended impacts associated with some agricultural production practices has led to heightened societal expectations for improved environmental, community, labor, and animal welfare standards in agriculture. Toward Sustainable Agricultural Systems in the 21st Century assesses the scientific evidence for the strengths and weaknesses of different production, marketing, and policy approaches for improving and reducing the costs and unintended consequences of agricultural production. It discusses the principles underlying farming systems and practices that could improve the sustainability. It also explores how those lessons learned could be applied to agriculture in different regional and international settings, with an emphasis on sub-Saharan Africa. By focusing on a systems approach to improving the sustainability of U.S. agriculture, this book can have a profound impact on the development and implementation of sustainable farming systems. Toward Sustainable Agricultural Systems in the 21st Century serves as a valuable resource for policy makers, farmers, experts in food production and agribusiness, and federal regulatory agencies."--Publisher's description.
Alternative farm enterprises : a guide to alternative sources of income for the farmer
Finnish agriculture and rural industries 2004
Tourism and agriculture : new geographies of consumption, production and rural restructuring
Organizing women workers in the informal economy : beyond the weapons of the weak
Sustainable rural systems : sustainable agriculture and rural communities
OECD reviews of rural policy : Finland
The handbook of research on entrepreneurship in agriculture and rural development
The keeping of animals : adaptation and social relations in livestock producing communities
Poultry for profit and pleasure
Globalized home environments : on the questions of production and social reproduction in rural Finland
Producers of rural goods and services in five European countries : a comparative analysis of rural regions under urban pressure
Attributions and emotional well-being : giving up farming in Finland
Transformation of resource towns and peripheries : political economy perspectives
Adaptation to climate change in semi-arid environments : experience and lessons from Mozambique
Finnish agriculture and rural industries 2011
A viable countryside - ministries' responsibilities and regional development : special rural policy programme 2007-2010
Conditions for agriculture and rural industries in Lapland
The aim of this thesis is to outline the special characteristics of small rural food-processing firms in Finland and find out the different ways they cooperate and network with each other. The emphasis is put on the value and significance of networking for the food-processing firms and how the networking could improve local food production.  The research is a qualitative research by the aid of expert interviews. It is carried out by interviewing both the entrepreneurs of rural food-processing firms and different retailers. The interviewees are chosen in order to tackle the same topic from different perspectives; to get the inner and outer picture of the situation.  Rural food-processing firms are becoming very business oriented and professional. The firms have always been cooperating with each other and cooperation is held very important for the continuity of the business. Benefits can be found in sharing costs and facilitating operations in different procedures, exchanging knowledge and giving support. Due to the lack of time and areal isolation the creation and maintenance of effective networks is anyway challenging. An effective network demands a strong leader, usually a retailer who is able to convince the producers of the positive effects of closer cooperation, time to build trust and create operations satisfying every party, and the matching of form of activity and the product.  The effort should be put on the education of producers and on the increase of the awareness of the benefits and the significance of networking by establishing open communication between all the involved parties in the local food chain. Since the demand for near produced food is growing and the operations of rural food-processing firms are becoming more and more business oriented, networking is supposed to be one of the key issues in building success.  This thesis is written and formatted following the guidelines of the IMC Krems University of Applied Sciences since the main establishment and hand over happened in this institution.
Rural marginalisation and multifunctional land use in Finland
The Northern Isles : Orkney and Shetland
Health and wealth from medicinal aromatic plants
Rural people and communities in the 21st century : resilience and transformation
New countryside : culture, local governance and sustainability in rural development: 4th Autumn school of rural sociology
The agricultural situation in the European Union : 2003 report
Finnish agriculture and rural industries 2001
Finnish agriculture and rural industries 2006
Executive summary (s. 9-11).
Climate change and food systems resilience in Sub-Saharan Africa
Local food systems and rural sustainability initiatives by small scale rural entrepreneurs in Finland
Role of community forestry in rural livelihood and poverty alleviation in Ohangwena and Caprivi Regions in Namibia
Abstract: Potato producer as a supplier of retailers and wholesalers.
Traditional in modern : local economy and community in Priazha
Sheep and goats for diverse products and profits
Making a living in the Amazon rain forest : peasants, land, and economy in the Tahuayo River Basin of northeastern Peru
Integrated management of European wetlands : final report : July 2004.
Rural livelihoods and community lifeworlds : examining village economies and individual livelihood strategies in Unguja, Zanzibar
Building for success : explorations of rural community and rural development
Farm household livelihood strategies : pluriactivity in Finland and the UK
Niche markets as a rural development strategy
Non-farm income from non-wood forest products
Public innovation policy and rurality of the local environment
Rapid guide for missions : analysing local institutions and livelihoods
Who from their labours rest? : conflict and practice in rural tourism
Rural livelihoods : crises and responses
Multifuinctional farm activities in the new member states
Seen through a millstone
Man and land in the Far East
Rurality, rural policy and politics in a Nordic-Scottish perpspective
