http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1861 forestry
forestry
FAO forestry paper
Given their importance as a resource for many forest organisms, tree cavities were inventoried in the managed pine forests of north-east Poland, in relation to the: 70-100, 101-130 and >130 year age-classes within the clear-cutting system. The densities at which cavities were present was found to depend on forest age, given that stands 70-100 years old were characterised by an average density of 0.62 trees ha-1, while forests older than 130 years reported 3.28 trees ha-1. Stands aged 70-100 years differed from those aged 130+ in having just 0.27 trees ha-1 of cavity trees, as compared with 2.91 trees ha-1. The total volume of cavity trees in stands up to 100 years old was 0.37 m3 ha-1 on average, as compared with 5.42 m3 ha-1 in stands over 130 years old. The cavities created by woodpeckers constituted 76% of all of those found, and included 53% excavated by great spotted woodpeckers (Dendrocopos major L.) and 23% by black woodpeckers (Dryocopus martius L.) The proportion of cavities excavated by D. major was highest in the youngest age class of stands. There, cavities made by D. martius constituted only 8% of the total, as compared with 31% in the oldest stands. The abundance of cavity trees thus differed along an age gradient, though in any event the availability of cavity trees appears to be too limited to provide for the needs of hole-nesting birds. Forest managers must thus take more account than hitherto of the need to protect cavity trees..
Forestry and economic development
Studies in french forestry
Your guide to Swedish forestry
Science and the Forester
Global and EU governance for sustainable forest management with special reference to capacity building in Ethiopia and Southern Sudan
State of Finlands forests 2007 : based on the criteria and indicators of sustainable forest management
Research in forestry and wood science in Finland
Suomen tilastollinen vuosikirja 2005 = Statistisk årsbok för Finland 2005 = Statistical yearbook of Finland 2005.
The Empire forestry handbook 1933
Timber production is an economically important provisioning ecosystem service in forests, but is often in conflict with the provision of other ecosystem services. In multifunctional forestry, the production of timber and non-timber ecosystem services should coexist in the same landscape. To this end, we explored the capacity of a boreal landscape to simultaneously produce collectable goods − bilberry (Vaccimium myrtillus L.), cowberry (Vaccinium vitis-idaea L.) and cep (Boletus edulis Bull.) − alongside timber revenues. We also identified optimal forest management plans to achieve this. Furthermore, we analyzed trade-offs between collectable good yields and timber production, as well as between their economic values. We ran forest growth simulations under seven alternative management regimes at a landscape level across 50-year planning horizons. Then, we used multi-objective optimization to explore trade-offs and identify optimal forest management plans. The results showed that the strongest trade-off was between bilberry and timber production, resulting in a large loss in timber revenues for a gain in bilberry production. However, the conflicts between other collectables and timber production were relatively small: it was possible to increase the provision of collectable goods 4-15% with small reductions (3−5%) from timber revenues. With careful forest planning, there is the potential to simultaneously produce high levels of collectable goods and timber revenues in the landscape..
A supplement to german-english glossary of forest products terms
Use of biomass fuels in the brick-making industries of Sudan : implications for deforestation and greenhouse gas emission
Joensuu forestry networking week 2012 : green growth based on forests – New Wooden Products and Construction : Final Report
Swedish forest policy since 1990 : reforms and consequences
British Commonwealth forestry terminology part 1 : silviculture, protection, mensuration and management, together with allied subjects
Glossary for landscape work : Horticultural, arboricultural and forestry practice
Agriculture, forestry and fishery statistics : 2016 edition
Living with storm damage to forests
Webster's practical forestry : a popular handbook on the rearing and growth of trees for profit or ornament
Forest act habitats : Finnish woodland key habitats amid the intensive forestry
A forecast of demand - the period to 1975 : secretariat paper 2.
The availability of cavity trees along an age gradient in fresh pine forests
Discourses of ecology and new biotechnology in the Finnish forest sector - combining old structures and net technologies
"Intelligent and resource-efficient production technologies" (EffTech) programme : programme report 2008-2010
Industrial ecosystem : using the material and energy flow model of an ecosystem in an industrial system
Commercial foreign woods on the American market : a manual to their structure, identification, uses, and distribution
Cost studies in European forestry : chapter 5, Finland
Impacts of changes in forest and economic policy and business preconditions in Russia and Finland
Managing boreal forests for the simultaneous production of collectable goods and timber revenues
A Concise note on the forests of Jordan
Profitable forestry
Finnish forest sector economic outlook 2015-2016 : executive summary
The elements of british forestry : a handbook for forest apprentices and students of forestry
Calibration of the tree size distributions by combining the area-based approach and the individual tree detection using the airborne laser scanning
Wood, lumber and timbers
Constructing forest plans interactively based on owner-driven evaluation of the holding- and stand-level alternatives
Bioeconomy and ecosystem services - synergy or conflict? : horizontal and vertical policy analysis, modelling and orchestration in practice : Final Conference Proceedings of FPS COST Action FP1207
Forestry 2017 : the simulation : PS4
The Bridge
This article focuses on the most recent internationalisation of Finnish forest companies. The profiles of the major companies are analysed. A 'world map' is drawn to illustrate the gradual formation of forest-industrial spaces in three scales: the articulation of Finnish (national) forest interest is related to the strategic openings of the Finnish forest companies within European (continental) and global (transcontinental) contexts. The suggested world map covers both the active exporting of the 'Finnish model' and the subsequent new location of Finland in the international networks. Both material and symbolic dimensions of the process are highlighted. The slow dynamics of the paper production is set against the current fluidity of societal demands that are fed by intensifying competition between the leading companies, profit maximation among the shareholders, and keen steering by globally aware environmentalists and consumers. Finally, the eco-social consequences of the contested globalisation process are addressed by examining the most controversial signs and signals. These include size ranking of the companies, profit hunting, image and identity politics, and product certifications. The theoretical framework is based on the political-ecology literature inspired by actor- and context-specific approaches. Hence, the aim is a simultaneous analysis of both material and symbolic changes in forest industrial practices.
Perceptions, realities and forest communication
Elements of Forestry
Environmental Services provided by the Nordic-Baltic Forests : extended abstracts of the CAR-ES network meeting in Finland 20.-22.10.2014
The friendly forests
Harvesting operations in eucalyptus plantations in Thailand
Scenario analysis for the biomass supply potential and the future development of Finnish forest resources
Thai journal of forestry
Dictionary of terms relating to agriculture, horticulture, forestry, cattle breeding, dairy industry and apiculture
Features on Finnish forestry
Glossary of terms applicable to timber, plywood and joinery
A short review of the timber trade with Russia 1921-1939
Holz-Wörterbuch : Dictionary of wood and woodworking practice. Band 2, Englisch . Deutsch / English . German
Woodsmanship
Forests and forestry in Great Britain
Future review for the forest sector : outline of the forest council concerning focuses and aims for the forest sector
The State of Canada's forests
Finland's National Forest Programme 2010 : follow-up report 2005-2006
State of Mediterranean forests 2013.
The management of farm woodlands
Objectives and motivations of small-scale forest owners : theoretical modelling and qualitative assessment
A swedish-english vocabulary for foresters
Maatalous, yleinen maatalouslaskenta v. 1959 = Lanthushållning = 1959 census of agriculture. Osa = Del = Part 3, Metsälötilasto = Skogsbruksenhetsstatistik = Statistics of forest enterprises
Cost-effective measures for diffuse load abatement in forestry
Transitions in herd management of semi-domesticated reindeer in northern Finland
Tasforests
Forest & landscape research
Advancing Agroforestry on the Policy Agenda : a guide for decision-makers
Effects of living crown reduction on needle element status of Scots pine
Portfolio management and the competitiveness of forest ownership
Human disturbance on Polylepis mountain forests in Peruvian Andes
Forests and mankind
Woods words : a comprehensive dictionary of loggers terms
Mapping of growing stock and stand delineation for tropical forests using remote sensing
Can learning from the past help to predict the future in the environmental impact assessment on reindeer husbandry?
Northwest Russian Forest Sector in a Nutshell
Creating value through advanced silvicultural services
Woodpower : new perspectives on forest usage
Open Journal of Forestry (OJF) covers topics in forestry, including forest protection, pest control, ecology, plant breeding, plant nutrition, urban forestry, etc.
The concept of sustainability in modern times
Applied silviculture in the United States
The story of trees
A relation between historical forest use and current dead woody material in a boreal protected old-growth forest in Finland
Green-tree retention and controlled burning in restoration and conservation of beetle diversity in boreal forests
Forest governance and climate change adaptation : case studies of four African countries
Dean forest and Wye Valley
From trees to paper : the story of newsprint
Farm wood crops
Wood research
Boosters of and barriers to smooth communication in family forest owners' decision making
Open Journal of Forestry
Forest owners' attitudes to and preferences for voluntary conservation : preliminary results of a survey
Proceedings of the International Conference "Supporting the forest sector reform in Russia and in the Southeast European countries by assessing the experiences of the new EU member states" : Pushkino 21-22nd March 2007
Economic impacts on the forest sector of increasing forest biodiversity conservation in Finland
Impacts of different thinning regimes in the yield of uneven-structured Scots pine stands on drained peatland
Managing small woodlands : a guide to good and profitable use of forest land
Growth and profitability of logging and transportation in wood procurement companies in Finland : what strategies and entrepreneurs are needed for profitable growth?
Role of community forestry in rural livelihood and poverty alleviation in Ohangwena and Caprivi Regions in Namibia
Determining boreal clearcut object properties and characteristics for identification purposes
Tasks of forest biodiversity management and monitoring deriving from international agreements
Attitudes of Tasmanian forest owners to native forest management : Report on a survey of forest owner's intentions May-December 1982
Trees : the yearbook of agriculture 1949
Wood and forest
Conditions and prospects for increasing forest yield in northern Europe
Trees in Britain and their timbers
Process redesign in development of forest biomass supply for energy
Statistics on the finances of agricultural and forestry enterprises
Norway spruce fine root dynamics and carbon input into soil in relation to environmental factors
Rot bilong mipela : the politics of logging in East New Britain, Papua New Guinea
Forest industry on the map of Finland
Geneva timber and forest study papers
Paper trade terms : a glossary for the allied trades
The English woodland
Improvement of woodlands
Tree species identification in aerial image data using directional reflectance signatures
An appraisal of the newsprint development opportunities in Asia , Volume of annexes : Report to the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations
This unique book provides the first comprehensive overview of wood based bioenergy in the northern hardwood forests of the Eastern United States. This includes a holistic look at the topic of wood based bioenergy, as well as focused analyses of key topics.
Values, fairness and legitimacy : in the context of Finnish forest and nature conservation policy
Nutritional diagnosis of Norway spruce stands growing on drained peatlands using foliar analysis
Forestry & British timber
The future usage of timber in the UK : proceedings of a conference held at Building Reserach Establishment Princes Risborough Laboratory on 4 June 1974.
Sustainability assessment of forest resources - tools for a problem-orientated approach
Nomenclature of commercial timbers including botanical names and sources of supply
Forests in landscapes : ecosystem approaches to sustainability
Dynamics of vegetation, nitrogen and carbon as indicators of the operation of peatland buffers
The map of Finland would look quite different if the forest industry had not had such an important role in the Finnish national economy and society. The production of pulp, paper, sawn timber, plywood and furniture concentrated people in dozens of mill towns and industrial centres. The harvesting and transportation of roundwood, in turn, dispersed people in hundreds of rural villages in different parts of the country. Together these localities formed the settlement systems of the forest sector, in which each of the localities had a certain economic and productive role. During the first half of twentieth century this settlement system expanded with increasing production, but during the second half of the century both lumberman-smallholder villages and mill communities faced serious difficulties. The restructuring processes within the forest sector decreased jobs in forestry and industrial production, although the production volumes continued to increase. Both the growth periods and restructuring periods have created spatial inequalities between localities and regions within the settlement system of the forest sector.
Developing farm woodlands
Reindeer herding and modern forestry : the historical impacts on forests of two main land users in northern Sweden
Resource bulletin PNW
The New Forest
Kingdom of the trees
Barriers to change? : understanding the institutional hurdles in the Russian forest sector
Changes in a Land Snail community (Gastropoda) in an open cut forest area
Proceedings of the United Nations Scientific conference on the conservation and utilization of resources : 17 Aug. - 6 Sept. 1949, Lake Success, New York. 5, Forest resources
International forestry review
Fuel conditions and fire behavior characteristics of managed Picea abies and Pinus sylvestris forests in Finland
Modelling the growth and properties of stem and wood of Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris L.) as related to silvicultural management with implications for sawing yield and properties of sawn pieces
Research notes
Paper for printing and writing : tentative forecasts of demand in 1955,1960 and 1965
Globalisation and the Finnish forest sector: on the internationalisation of forest-industrial operations
Indian forester
Forestry in farm management
Forest terminology I-II
An outline of forestry
Timber supply of private nonindustrial forest owners : evidence from Finland
Multiple indicators of human impacts on the environment in the Pechora Basin, north-eastern European Russia
Forest accounts
Wood-based energy in the northern forests
Timber production possibilities and capital yields from the Norwegian forest area
State of Finland's forests 2007 : based on the criteria and indicators of sustainable forest management
This study was carried out in South Finland, in Hollola. The sample areas are situated in the middle of an open cut area. I took the samples in 1991 and 2009. Five species disappeared and five new species was observed. The species that increased the most are Discus ruderatus, Vitrina pellucida and Columella edentula. The variation in species of vascular plants has been noticeable. The moisture close to the soil surface is important to land snails, especially the remaining of ferns suffices for land snails.
Dutch forest products' trade in the Baltic from the Late Middle Ages to the Peace of Munster in 1648
The forest resources of Thailand
State of Finland's Forest 2011 : based on the criteria and indicators of sustainable forest management
Western European market for plywood and veneer
Short-run timber supply under uncertainty and welfare gains from perfect competition
Forestry
Diffuse load abatement with biodiversity co-benefits : the optimal rotation age and buffer zone size
Encountering the changing Barents : research challenges and opportunities
Development of the management and cost accounting of wood harvesting in the Republic of Karelia
Forestry Commission bulletin
International trade of wood : statistical figures for the years 1925 to 1939
CAR-ES (Centre of Advanced Research on Environmental Services from Nordic Forest Ecosystems, 2011-2015) is an open network that brings together Nordic and Baltic forest researchers. The CAR-ES network aims at providing scientific knowledge on the impacts of forest management on major environmental services for decision making within the forest sector. The main environmental services addressed are: Carbon sequestration, Water quality, Biodiversity, Soil quality. CAR-ES organizes meetings, workshops and conferences and the second meeting in 2014 was held in Finland, at the premises of Metla Vantaa Unit. The meeting discussed the issues related to the main environmental services covered by CAR-ES, work on the ongoing subprojects and plannned the final conference as well as the future of the network. The workshop was attended by 30 scientists representing the Baltic and Nordic countries. The extended abstracts of the presentations are published in this paper. CAR-ES is funded by the Nordic Forest Research (SNS) as one of its Virtual Centres of Advanced Research.
Forestry in Namibia 1850-1990
Nomenclature of commercial timbers including sources of supply
Sustainable development in forest management in Finland
Knowledge about the impact of climate change on the forest-related employment is important for making relevant policy decisions in areas where forestry is economically important. This paper contrasts two different areas in Sweden and Finland in terms of population structure, employment structure and forest-based economy. The paper discusses the future possible outcomes of climate change in terms of forest-related employment. The geographical level of analysis is the county of Norrbotten in Sweden, and the county of Lappi in Finland. These are sparsely populated peripheral areas with ageing populations. There has been a decline or stagnation in the economic and social conditions and the survival of many rural communities, in particular those inland, is seriously threatened. In the context of climate change the issue of how the forest growth will change and how well the different areas will adapt to these changes are addressed.
Forest-related employment in the European North: current trends and future development
Technology transfer notes : forestry research applications
Research report
Atlas of the forest sector in Poland
The potential, cost-efficiency and impacts of intensified management of Finnish forests for next 100 years were assessed using a national-level scenario analysis. This document serves as a technical description of the applied models and methods, but also includes a brief synthesis of the results. Data from the 10th Finnish National Forest Inventory was used to forecast the consequences of alternative management scenarios. Four final scenarios were constructed using MOTTI stand simulator and linear programming package J. Business-as-usual -scenario was compared to three other options that aimed either at high quality raw material, intensive management resulting both quantity and quality of timber, or at low-cost-low-output (extensive) forestry. If the intensity of forest management will remain at the current level, the growing stock will increase. Increasing amount of high quality raw material for forest industry can be produced but it necessitates also increase in annual management practices. For example, treatment areas of young stand management should be doubled compared to current areas in order to maintain or increase cutting removals of high quality wood. It is possible to increase annual removals in a sustainable manner by applying more intensive forest management that also improves profitability nearly 50%. The annual removals can be ca. 40% higher than the current level, and the annual energy wood removal can be over 10 mill m3. Despite increased removals, sustainable wood and biomass production during next 100 years can be achieved. Intensively managed forest are more efficient capturing carbon from atmosphere than extensively managed forests, but the climate impacts depend on the use of removed carbon (end-products made from the removed wood biomass).
1001 questions answered about trees
Branch lines
International directory of manufacturers of forestry instruments and hand tools = Répertoire international de constructeurs d'instruments et outils à main forestiers = Repertorio internacional de los constructores de instrumentos y herramientas forestales
The profitability of forestry in Finland and Russia
Forestry in Finland
Holz-Wörterbuch : Dictionary of wood and woodworking practice. Band 1, Deutsch . Englisch / German . English
Forest policy, continuous tree cover forest and uneven-aged forest management in Sweden's boreal forest
Metla Bulletin : newsletter of the Finnish forest research institute
Wood harvesting and logistics in Russia : focus on research and business opportunities : final report of the research project
Nomenclature of commercial timbers : British standard 881 and 589: 1973 : supplemet to section VIII Commonwealth forestry handbook, 1974.
The forests and forestry of Suomi Finland
Natural regeneration and ecological succession in Pinus kesiya watershed plantations in northern Thailand : implications for plantation management
Aspiration-based utility functions in a planning model for timber flow management
British Commonwealth forestry terminology part 2 : silviculture, protection, mensuration and management, together with allied subjects
Research note PNW
Taiwan journal of forest science
Small-scale non-industrial private forest ownership in the United States : rationale and implications for forest management
Forestry in Korea
Forestry study tour : silviculture of pure and mixed forests
Potential trade-offs between nature-based tourism and forestry : a case study in Northern Finland
MELA2016 : reference manual
Forest products
Consultation mondiale sur l ̕ education et la formation forestieres : Stockholm, Suède, 28 septembre - 7 octobre 1971 = [World consultation on forestry education and training]
Forest owners' social networks : possibilities to enhance knowledge exchange
The conservation potential of brook-side key habitats in managed boreal forests
Timber : American forest operations and increase of european productivity
An appraisal of the newsprint development opportunities in Asia , Main report : Report to the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations
The paper industry and European integration
Paper for printing : today and tomorrow
