http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18632 physicists
physicists
Newton
Lenin's laureate : Zhores Alferov's life in communist science
The private lives of Albert Einstein
Tuva or bust! : Richard Feynman's last journey
Collected papers of P. L. Kapitza. Vol. 1, 1916-1934
Kaiken teoria = The theory of everything
100 years of Mach's principle
The nemesis program
3-minute Stephen Hawking : digesting his life, theories and influence in 3-minute morsels
The Notorious astrological physician of London : works and days of Simon Forman
Scientists, mathematicians, and inventors : lives and legacies : an encyclopedia of people who changed the world
Fermi remembered
J. D. Bernal : the sage of science
Albert Einstein : maker of universes
Glimpsing reality : ideas in physics and the link to biology
Hegemony, contradiction, and gender in the context of finnish university physics
Physicists in conflict
The collected papers of Albert Einstein [English translation]. Vol. 9, The Berlin years : correspondence, January 1919-April 1920 : [English translation of selected texts]
Great physicists : the life and times of leading physicists from Galileo to Hawking
Practical mystic : religion, science, and A. S. Eddington
The physicists : the history of a scientific community in modern America
Niels Bohr and the quantum atom : the Bohr model of atomic structure, 1913-1925
In the matter of J. Robert Oppenheimer : the security clearance hearing
Einstein  : his life and universe
Atomic pioneers. Book 3, From late 19th to the mid-20th century
Stephen Hawking : an unfettered mind
Beyond the black hole : Stephen Hawking's universe
Edward Teller : the real Dr. Strangelove
Einstein : decoding the Universe
A mind-bending, relentlessly paced science-fiction thriller, in which an ordinary man is kidnapped, knocked unconscious--and awakens in a world inexplicably different from the reality he thought he knew.
The time traveller : one man's mission to make time travel a reality
Classic Feynman : all the adventures of a curious character
Einstein : the life and time
Stephen Hawking's universe : the cosmos explained : the big bang, black holes, white dwarfs, time warps, life, the universe and everything; all explained in everyday language
From a life of physics
Einstein's cosmos : how Albert Einstein's vision transformed our understanding of space and time
Atoms in the family : my life with Enrico Fermi, designer of the first atomic pile
Erich Hückel (1896-1980) : from physics to quantum chemistry
The collected papers of Albert Einstein. Vol. 3, The Swiss years: writings, 1909-1911
Faraday rediscovered : essays on the life and work of Michael Faraday 1791-1867
Collected papers of P. L. Kapitza. Vol. 2, 1938-1964
Einstein and culture
Surely you're joking, Mr. Feynman! : adventures of a curious character
Arrowsmith
The angry genie : one man's walk through the nuclear age
Proceedings of the Gunnar Nordström Symposium on Theoretical Physics, August 27-30, 2003, Helsinki
David Bodanis traces the arc of Einstein's intellectual development across his professional and personal life, showing how Einstein's confidence in his own powers of intuition proved to be both his greatest strength and his ultimate undoing.
Newton and the counterfeiter : the unknown detective career of the world's greatest scientist
The correspondence of Michael Faraday. Vol. 4, January 1849 - October 1855 : letters 2146-3032
Travelling to infinity : my life with Stephen
Heisenberg and the Nazi atomic bomb project : a study in German culture
Isaac Newton : eighteenth century perspectives
Tesla's attic
Stephen Hawking : quest for a theory of everything
Infinite potential : the life and times of David Bohm
The new quotable Einstein
Einstein's greatest mistake : the life of a flawed genius
Beamtimes and lifetimes : the world of high energy physicists
In Honor of Philip M. Morse
About science, myself, and others
"Surely you're joking, Mr Feynman!" : adventures of a curious character
Lord Rutherford
'We ourselves were almost awestruck, not so much at the power of the bomb for this we had expected, but because the Americans had used it with so little notice.' R. V. Jones, head of wartime British scientific intelligence A professor of architecture at Cambridge University, Marcial Echenique, recently became curious when he found wiring concealed under the floorboards of his country mansion, Farm Hall in Godmanchester, Cambridgeshire. The mansion had an astonishing past as an MI6 and M1I9 staging post for some of the most daring secret operations of WWII. But in April, 1945, Farm Hall was to play an even more astounding role, as a 'country club' for ten of Germany's top nuclear physicists after they had been captured in Germany and secretly flown back to England in a daring raid codenamed Operation Big. Every word they uttered was bugged by MI6 eavesdroppers using the wires found by the Professor.
This is a history of one of the oldest and most important scientific societies, the German Physical Society, during the Nazi regime and immediate postwar period. When Hitler was appointed chancellor of Germany in 1933, the Physical Society included prominent Jewish scientists as members, including Fritz Haber and Albert Einstein. As Jewish scientists lost their jobs and emigrated, the Society gradually lost members. In 1938, under pressure from the Nazi Ministry of Science, Education, and Culture, the Society forced out the last of its Jewish colleagues. This action was just the most prominent example of the tension between accommodation and autonomy that characterized the challenges facing physicists in the society. They strove to retain as much autonomy as possible, but tried to achieve this by accommodating themselves to Nazi policies, which culminated in the campaign by the Society's president to place physics in the service of the war effort.
E = mc2 : a biography of the world's most famous equation
Stephen Hawking : his life and work : the story and science of one of the most extraordinary, celebrated and courageous figures of our time
Einstein : a hundred years of relativity
Making weapons, talking peace : a physicist's odyssey from Hiroshima to Geneva
Stephen Hawking : A life in science
Einstein : his life and times
Remarkable physicists : from Galileo to Yukawa
Don't you have time to think?
Collected papers of P. L. Kapitza. Vol. 3
From falling bodies to radio waves : classical physicists and their discoveries
The great physicists from Galileo to Einstein
Einstein : a biography
The German Physical Society in the Third Reich : physicists between autonomy and accommodation
Genius : the life and science of Richard Feynman
The collected papers of Albert Einstein [English translation]. Vol. 4, The Swiss years : writings, 1912-1914
Rillit huurussa = The big bang theory. 9. tuotantokausi
Ideas and opinions
The last man who knew everything : Thomas Young, the anonymous polymath who proved Newton wrong, explained how we see, cured the sick, and deciphered the Rosetta Stone among other feats of genius
Albert Einstein : the eccentric physicist whose Theory of Relativity revolutionized our ideas about the universe
Albert Einstein : a documentary biography
A source book in physics
The watchmaker of Filigree Street
Atomic : the first war of physics and the secret history of the atom bomb 1939-49
Life of Julius Caesar Scaliger (1484-1558)
Ravé Mehta's The inventor : the story of Tesla
Serving the Reich : the struggle for the soul of physics under Hitler
The latest book in Stuart's Clark's series dramatising the history of astronomy. Based on the true story of Albert Einstein and George Lemaitre, the two men who forged our modern understanding of the cosmos / WorldCat.
The third man of the double helix : the autobiography of Maurice Wilkins
In Einstein: A Biography, Jurgen Neffe presents a clear and probing portrait of the man behind the myth. He recounts Einstein's life with detail and accuracy, presenting a comprehensive account of the educational, religious, psychological and historical conditions that enabled Einstein to become the ber-physicist of all time.
Einstein's Berlin : in the footsteps of a genius
Operation Big : the race to stop Hitler's A-bomb
Dialogue in the crisis of representation : realism and antirealism in the context of the conversation between theologians and quantum physicists in Göttingen 1949-1961
Einstein : the passions of a scientist
A tribute to pure and applied physics : essays in honour of professor of Erik Spring on the occasion his sixtieth birthday July 23, 1988.
James Clerk Maxwell : perspectives on his life and work
Johannes Sinapius (1505-1560) : hellenist and physician in Germany and Italy
Festskrift for professor Johan Skule Høye i anledning hans 70-årsdag
Reflections of a physicist
The correspondence of Michael Faraday. Vol. 3, 1841 - December 1848 : letters 1334-2145
In Albert's shadow : the life and letters of Mileva Maric, Einstein's first wife
Stephen Hawking : his life and work : the story and science of one of the most extraordinary, celebrated, and courageous figures of our time
The collected papers of Albert Einstein [English translation]. Vol. 8, The Berlin years : correspondence, 1914-1918 : [English supplement translation]
On a beam of light : a story of Albert Einstein
More than fifty years after his death, Albert Einstein's vital engagement with the world continues to inspire others, spurring conversations, projects, and research, in the sciences as well as the humanities. "Einstein for the 21st Century" shows us why he remains a figure of fascination. In this wide-ranging collection, eminent artists, historians, scientists, and social scientists describe Einstein's influence on their work, and consider his relevance for the future. Scientists discuss how Einstein's vision continues to motivate them, whether in their quest for a fundamental description of nature or in their investigations in chaos theory; art scholars and artists explore his ties to modern aesthetics; a music historian probes Einstein's musical tastes and relates them to his outlook in science; historians explore the interconnections between Einstein's politics, physics, and philosophy; and other contributors examine his impact on the innovations of our timeUniquely cross-disciplinary, "Einstein for the 21st Century" serves as a testament to his legacy and speaks to everyone with an interest in his work.
William and Lawrence Bragg, father and son : the most extraordinary collaboration in science
"Stephen Hawking has been an iconic figure in physics for the last half a century, making many groundbreaking discoveries on the nature of the universe. Yet while his mind roams to the farthest corners of reality, his body has become increasingly trapped by the advance of Lou Gehrig's disease, which has bound him to a wheelchair, without speech or movement except for a few facial muscles. Told in his youth that he would not live past his 20s, Hawking will turn 70 in 2012, and today he continues to inspire millions, drawing rock-concert-sized crowds wherever he lectures. Science writer Kitty Ferguson has been working with Stephen Hawking for decades, and produced an internationally bestselling biography of his life in 1992. Now, she brings his life as well as his scientific discoveries up-to-date. This is a remarkable look at how one of the greatest scientific mind alive overcame the odds to become the truly inspirational figure he is today"--
Ideals and realities : selected essays of Abdus Salam
James Clerk Maxwell : physicist and natural philosopher
Feynman's rainbow : a search for beauty in physics and in life
Hans Christian Ørsted and the romantic quest for unity : ideas, disciplines, practices
Destination unknown
History and philosophy of science. 4, Glimpsing reality : ideas in physics and the link to biology
The creation of scientific effects : Heinrich Hertz and electric waves
The day without yesterday
Einstein : the life and times
"Surely you're joking, Mr. Feynman!" : adventures of a curious character
Einstein for the twenty-first century : his legacy in science, art, and modern culture
What little I remember
Enrico Fermi : the man and his theories
Einstein and Oppenheimer : the meaning of genius
Originally published in 1979, this reprints the revised and expanded edition of 1996. In this volume, physicists, biologists and chemists, who have been involved in some of the most exciting discoveries in modern scientific thought explore issues which have shaped modern physics and which hint at what may form the next scientific revolution. The major issues discussed are the understanding of time and space, quantum and relativity theories and recent attempts to unite them and related questions in theoretical biology.
The infancy of particle accelerators : Life and work of Rolf Wideröe
The flicker men
Erwin Schrödinger and the quantum revolution
Invisible rays : a history of radioactivity
American Prometheus : the triumph and tragedy of J. Robert Oppenheimer
My Einstein : essays by twenty-four of the world's leading thinkers on the man, his work, and his legacy
Isaac Newton
My brief history
The eidolon
"Subtle is the Lord..." : the science and the life of Albert Einstein
Uranium wars : the scientific rivalry that created the nuclear age
Hegemony, contradiction, and gender in the context of Finnish university physics
Madame Curie and the story of radium
The correspondence of Michael Faraday. Vol. 5, November 1855 - October 1860 : letters 3033-3873
