http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18660 suspended solids
suspended solids
This thesis examined hydrological processes such as snowmelt and groundwater discharge in drained peatland areas in the boreal zone. The studied processes were measured in situ using environmental tracers. Further, performance of a treatment wetland was studied during snowmelt and high flow. A GIS model was developed to estimate groundwater seepage areas in peatland systems surrounding eskers.It was found that soil frost had a clear impact on water quality during snowmelt. This was evident as lower suspended sediments, water colour and dissolved organic carbon concentrations, among other changes. The treatment wetland was found to reduce the suspended solids load during the snowmelt period and late autumn, while reductions in phosphorus and nitrogen loads occurred during summer. A sampling algorithm was built to test how different sampling frequencies affected the estimation of suspended solid loads from the constructed wetland. The results showed increasing uncertainty for sparser sampling (from weekly to monthly sampling), but the uncertainty remained high even at weekly sampling. The GIS model was tested on two eskers and shown to give a fair estimate of groundwater discharge locations. It can thus be used for improving aquifer protection in boreal eskers related to the drainage networks surrounding them. However, to be applied more widely, further efforts are required.The findings in this thesis could be used to develop better water management policies for peat extraction areas, or other industries operating in similar soils and climate. For example, meltwater could be allowed to temporarily bypass treatment facilities in areas with deep soil frost penetration. The wetland study showed that peatland-based wetlands are a suitable approach for improving water treatment performance even under variable hydraulic loads. The uncertainty in the estimated load from a small peat extraction catchment was high, which might limit the use of such data for some purposes. Load estimation methods using the concentration data collected during previous years might be able to reduce the uncertainty, but if the uncertainty needs to be lowered substantially use of sensor technology might be the only viable approach.
Runoff generation and load estimation in drained peatland areas
Veden laatu = Water quality. Osa 1 = Part 1, Näytteenottomenetelmät = Methods for sampling
Erosion and sediment transport mechanisms in drained peatland forest catchments after ditch network maintenance
Capacity of riparian buffer zones to reduce sediment concentrations in discharge from peatlands drained for forestry
Modelling water flow and soil erosion in clayey, subsurface drained agricultural fields
Managing erosion, sediment transport and water quality in drained peatland catchments
Treatment wetlands (TW) constructed on natural wetlands potentially perform efficient purification of wastewater, but the longevity of TWs at northern latitudes is not well known. This thesis examined processes affecting nutrient and suspended solids (SS) retention in TWs during their lifetime. In total, 15 TWs were studied using water and peat quality and gas flux data for different TW life lengths, the longest period being 18 years.The TWs commonly retained nutrients and suspended solids efficiently, even after 18 years of wastewater loading. For nitrogen (N) removal, sedimentation, nitrification-denitrification and plant uptake were efficient processes in the wetlands studied. However, emissions of nitrous oxide (N2O) from TWs are not a major contributor to climate change due to the small total surface area of TWs. The significance of anaerobic ammonium oxidation (anammox) and other newly discovered nitrogen processes in TWs remains to be clarified. Phosphorus (P) adsorption capacity in TWs remained efficient over a 12-year study period, the process being continuous when surfaces for adsorption were available or freed up through alternating absorption/desorption/adsorption. Phosphorus accumulation by peat accretion was low, but has not been well assessed in northern TWs receiving nutrient-rich waters. Iron (Fe) and aluminium (Al) in peat extraction runoff and purified wastewater from sewage treatment plants were of great importance for precipitation of P in TWs. Filtration and sedimentation of organic humic substances with Fe- or Al-bound P were other probable P retention pathways. In peat extraction runoff, Fe was more significant than Al for P retention, but Fe-bound P is susceptible to desorption in anaerobic environments, whereas Al-bound P is more strongly retained. Suspended solids were generally retained well, although there was great variation in percentage retention in individual TWs in different years and different seasons. Changes in discharge affected SS transportation and retention. SS were retained by sedimentation, the rate of which was affected by particle size. It is plausible that smaller particles from old peat extraction areas where the extracted peat has a high humification degree erode more easily than poorly humified particles in surface peat. Weakened SS retention may also have been caused by development of preferential flow areas (PFA) in TWs, changes in sediment delivery characteristics and sampling involving too few samples to show SS transportation sufficiently accurately for estimating SS retention.Thus TWs are potentially ideal for purification of wastewater and can have high purification efficiency even after long-term use in northern regions. They are also more widely applicable as long as their limitations are understood.
Export of suspended solids and dissolved elements from peatland areas after ditch network maintenance in south-central Finland
Simple sediment model : a tool to estimate nutrient regeneration in Baltic Sea sediments
Sediment resuspension as a water quality regulator in lakes
Effects of ditch network maintenance and sedimentation ponds on export loads of suspended solids and nutrients from peatland forests
Further Development of a Centrifugal Solids Separator Prototype
Identification of processes leading to long-term wastewater purification in northern treatment wetlands
