http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18663 biblical history
biblical history
Do historical matters matter to faith? : a critical appraisal of modern and postmodern approaches to Scripture
The Bible as history
The New Testament : proclamation and parenesis, myth and history
Beyond biblical theologies
The story of the Holy Land : a visual history
Beginning Old Testament study
The Bible : documentary. Osa 1, Vanha testamentti
Tel Dan in history of iron age Palestine and Dan in the Hebrew Bible
The Bible : the biography
The New Testament environment
The Macmillan Bible atlas
The 'Textual history of the bible' (THB) is envisioned as the first comprehensive collection of information on the texts of the Hebrew Bible. This reference work will be published in print in four volumes, comprising numerous entries written by recognized specialists. The topics of these entries will include but are not limited to textual history, textual character, translation techniques, importance of each textual witness of the Hebrew Bible, deuterocanonical writings for each biblical book, history of research, editorial histories of the Hebrew Bible, papyrology, codicology, and linguistics, etc. In addition, overview articles discussing the textual history of each biblical book from its beginning until its Arab and Slavonic translations will be included. Each volume further provides a collective bibliography and a glossary. Volume 1 covers the books of the Hebrew canon. The volume opens with a series of overview articles on the history of the Jewish and Christian canons, on the ancient Hebrew and Aramaic texts. These entries are followed by articles on the different primary translations (Greek, Aramaic, Syriac, Latin) and uniquely the secondary translations as well (Latin, Coptic, Ethiopic, Syriac, Armenian, Georgian, Christian Palestinian Aramaic, Old Slavonic, and Arabic) most of which were sourced from the Greek. THB 1 concludes with a series of articles on the biblical text as it is attested in the Apocrypha and Pseudepigrapha, in Josephus, Philo, the New Testament, Rabbinic Literature, the Greek Church Fathers, the Latin Church Fathers, the Syriac Church Fathers, and the Coptic Church Fathers.
Priestly rule : polemic and biblical interpretation in Ezekiel 44
On stone and scroll : essays in honour of Graham Ivor Davies
Ages in chaos. Volume 1, From the exodus to king Akhnaton
Three conquests of Canaan : a comparative study of two egyptian military campaigns and Joshua 10-12 in the light of recent archaeological evidence
Archaeology of the Bible : book by book
Prophetic oracles in the books of Isaiah and Ezekiel evidence tensions about the Jerusalem temple and its priesthood in Persian Yehud. MacDonald's Priestly Rule challenges the scholarly consensus about how these texts relate to each other. He demonstrates how important written prophetic oracles were in the early Jewish community and disputes the dominance of a Zadokite priestly family in the Second Temple period.
Hazor : the rediscovery of a great citadel of the Bible
Post-exilic polemic over the priesthood -- Ezekiel 44 in modern scholarship -- History and hermeneutics, redaction and reception -- Methodological issues in examining inner-biblical interpretation -- Methodological issues in redaction-criticism -- Overview and prospect -- The rule of priests -- Yhwh's reproach of Israel -- The identity of the foreigners in Ezekiel 44 -- Isaiah 56 and its relationship to Ezekiel 44 -- Yhwh's reproach -- The word of Judgement -- The Levites of Ezekiel 44 -- A Torah concerning the Levites -- The sins of the past -- Bearing sin -- The sons of Zadok -- The composition of Ezekiel 44:6¿16 -- The rules for priests -- The continuation of the divine oracle in the priestly rules -- The priests and their inheritance -- The priests and their vestments -- Priestly conduct -- The instruction concerning hair -- The instruction concerning alcohol -- The instruction concerning marital partners -- The instruction concerning teaching and judicial roles -- The instruction concerning dead bodies -- The relationship between the instructions in Ezekiel 44 and Leviticus 10 and 21 -- The structure and composition of the rules in Ezekiel 44:20:27 -- The missing high priest -- Priestly perquisites -- A pentateuchal compendium -- A précis of priestly income -- Giving each its due -- The prohibition against consuming animal carcasses -- The composition of Eekiel 44:6:31 -- Zadok and the sons of Zadok in Second Temple Judaism -- Zadok and his family in the Book of Chronicles -- The sons of Zadok at Qumran and in the Damascus document -- The sons of Zadok in Ben Sira -- Josephus and the Zadokites -- The Sadducees -- Conclusion -- Conclusions -- Text and historical reality -- The end of the Zadokites -- The beginnings of the Levites -- The Hebrew Bible and the Dead Sea Scrolls.
A history of Israel. 1, From the Exodus to the Fall of Jerusalem, 568 B. C.
Atlas of the Bible
Archaeology of the land of the Bible. Vol. 2, The Assyrian, Babylonian and Persian periods (732-332 B.C.E.)
The Harper atlas of the Bible
The archaeology of Palestine
The books of the Bible. 2, The Apocrypha and the New Testament
Highlights of recent excavations : presented to the participiants of The Second International Congress on Biblical Archaeology, 1990
The earliest advocates of the English Bible : the texts of the medieval debate
David being a prophet : the contingency of scripture upon history in the New Testament
Paul the missionary
A short history of Atheism
Josephus and the New Testament
The Bible : documentary. Osa 4, Kristuksen kärsimys
iLumina : live the bible
Highlights of archaeology in Bible lands
The flood and Noah's ark
Stones and stories : an introduction to archaeology and the Bible
The Old Testament world
How the Bible became holy
The Bible : faith and evidence : a critical enquiry into the nature of biblical history
Jesus : a very short introduction
The Oxford illustrated history of the Bible
What is Bible?
The Bible : documentary. Osa 3, Jeesus Nasaretilainen
Encyclopedia of archaeological excavations in the Holy Land. Volume 2
Archaeology of the land of the Bible. [Vol. 1], 10,000-563 B.C.E
Encyclopedia of archaeological excavations in the Holy Land. Volume 4
Exile and restoration : a study of Hebrew thought of the sixth century B.C
A history of Israel. 2, From the Fall of Jerusalem, 586 B.C. to the Bar-Kokhba Revolt, A.D. 135
New Testament history : a narrative account
The world of the Bible
Leviticus as literature
Ancient Judaism : biblical criticism from Max Weber to the present
Windows into Old Testament history : evidence, argument, and the crisis of "biblical Israel"
What did the biblical writers know and when did they know it? : what archaeology can tell us about the reality of ancient Israel
Divine vintage : following the wine trail from Genesis to the modern age
Recent archaeological discoveries and biblical research
Biblical archaeology
The book of Daniel : the commentary of R. Saadia Gaon : edition and translation
Jesus : evidence and argument or mythicist myths?
Textual History of the Bible. Volume 1A, Overview articles
The fire gospel
Can a 'history of Israel' be written?
More than a carpenter
The Bible as history in pictures
Reading and understanding the Bible
Everyday life in Bible times
Ḅytleḥem dissertatione graduali breviter delineata, quam permissu ampliss. fac. philos. in illustri Academia Aboënsi, praeside viro admodum reverendo et amplissimo, dn. mag. Abraham Alano, orient. & graec. l.l. prof. ord. Ad diem 4. Decemb. an. MDCCIX. Publico candidorum examini sistit Michael Jesenhaus, Ostrobotniensis
Ages in chaos. Vol. 1, From the exodus to king Akhnaton
From Babel to Babylon : essays on biblical history and literature in honour of Brian Peckham
The renewed archaeological excavations at Lachish (1973-1994)
The present volume addresses the surprising lack of scholarly discussion of the use and meaning of the terms, “Bible” and “biblical.” It highlights not only the differing, contrasting, and even opposing ways in which the terms “Bible” and “biblical” are used in scholarly discourse but engages scholars from various countries with different religious orientations and from different schools of thought in reflections on the terms at hand from their particular perspectives. The contributions highlight the key differences between Jewish and Christian understandings of Bible and canon. Bible and biblical are theological concepts, not historical or linguistic ones. The language of “Bible” and “biblical” is appropriate and indeed necessary in theological discourses but should be avoided in historical, archaeological, or linguistic contexts.
Pictorial Bible atlas
Yahweh's words and deeds : a preliminary study into the Old Testament presentation of history
Zealot : the life and times of Jesus of Nazareth
The plants of the Bible
The Hebrew Bible : a socio-literary introduction
Introducing the Bible
Eve : a biography
Bible lands and the cradle of western civilization
Dissertatio philologica [hepreaa] sive discalceationem in loco sacro, breviter expendens, quam, cum consensu ampl. facult. philosoph. in Reg. Acad. Aboënsi, praeside viro amplissimo atq[ue] celeberrimo, dn. Carolo Abrah. Clewberg, l. l. o. o. & graec. profess. reg. & ord. Disquisitioni publica modeste submittit Ericus Castreen, Ostrobotniensis, ad diem XX. Octobr. anni MDCCLIII. l. h. q. s.
Archaeology of the land of the Bible, 10,000-586 B.C.E
The boundary between Issachar and Naphtali : an archaeological and literary study of Israel's settlement in Canaan
Illustrated children's stories from the Old Testament
A guide to the lands of the Bible
The books of the Bible. 1, The Old Testament/The Hebrew Bible
Between nomadism and sedentism : Amorites from the perspective of contextual archaeology
You shall be as gods : A radical interpretation of the Old Testament and its tradition
The Bible : documentary. Osa 2, Mooseksen tarina
Encyclopedia of archaeological excavations in the Holy Land. Volume 3
Scribal culture and the making of the Hebrew Bible
The history of Israel's traditions : the heritage of Martin Noth
THE TIMES ATLAS OF THE BIBLE
With his usual flair and reader-friendly style, Ben Witherington III brings us a fresh and distinctive guide to interpreting the Bible. Ideal for courses in Biblical Interpretation, Hermeneutics, and Introduction to the Bible, Reading and Understanding the Bible is unique in that it carefully examines the various genres of literature in the Bible while also explaining how to interpret each within its proper context. Taking a faith-friendly approach to historically based interpretation, it shows students how to read the Bible with a keen awareness of the many and profound differences between the modern world and ancient biblical cultures. It explains how ancient societies worked, how documents were created, who preserved them and why, the patriarchal nature of all ancient cultures, and, most importantly, how these cultural characteristics should affect our reading of the Bible.
The Bible : documentary
The coming of the kingdom : a short Bible arranged to present the story of salvation
The archaeology of Jordan and other studies presented to Siegfried H. Horn
Reflection and refraction : studies in biblical historiography in honour of A. Graeme Auld
The Times atlas of the Bible
Cracking the Bible code : [the real story of the stunning discovery of hidden knowledge in the first five books of the Bible]
The house of St. Peter at Capharnaum : a preliminary report of the first two campaigns of excavations, April 16 - June 19, Sept. 12 - Nov., 26, 1968
"This book offers a firm defense of Scripture's legitimacy and the theological implications of modern and postmodern approaches that teach otherwise. In this collection of essays, scholars from diverse areas of expertise lend strong arguments in support of the doctrine of inerrancy. Contributors explore how the specific challenges of history, authenticity, and authority are answered in the text of the Old and New Testaments as well as how the Bible is corroborated by philosophy and archaeology"--from publisher description
Killing Jesus : a history
The Bible as history : a confirmation of the book of books
This book seeks to identify a distinct approach to interpreting Scripture in the New Testament that makes use of assumptions about a text's author or time of composition. Focusing upon the Epistle to the Hebrews, the Acts of the Apostles and the Davidssohnfrage in the Synoptic Gospels, it is argued that in certain cases the meaning of a scriptural text is understood by the New Testament author to be contingent upon its history: that the meaning of a text is found when the identity of its author is taken into account or when its time of origin is considered. This approach to interpretation appears to lack clear precedents in intertestamental and 1st Century exegetical literature, suggesting that it is dependent upon distinctly Christian notions of Heilsgeschichte. The analysis of the Davidssohnfrage suggests also that the origins of this approach to interpretation may be associated with traditions of Jesus' exegetical sayings. A final chapter questions whether an early Christian use of history in the interpretation of Scripture might offer something to contemporary discussion of the continuing relevance of historical criticism.
In this sweeping narrative, Michael Satlow tells the fascinating story of how an ancient collection of obscure Israelite writings became the founding texts of both Judaism and Christianity, considered holy by followers of each faith. Drawing on cutting-edge historical and archeological research, he traces the story of how, when, and why Jews and Christians gradually granted authority to texts that had long lay dormant in a dusty temple archive. The Bible, Satlow maintains, was not the consecrated book it is now until quite late in its history. He describes how elite scribes in the eighth and seventh centuries B.C.E. began the process that led to the creation of several of our biblical texts. It was not until these were translated into Greek in Egypt in the second century B.C.E., however, that some Jews began to see them as culturally authoritative, comparable to Homer's works in contemporary Greek society. Then, in the first century B.C.E. in Israel, political machinations resulted in the Sadducees assigning legal power to the writings. We see how the world Jesus was born into was largely biblically illiterate and how he knew very little about the texts upon which his apostles would base his spiritual leadership. Synthesizing an enormous body of scholarly work, Satlow's groundbreaking study offers provocative new assertions about commonly accepted interpretations of biblical history as well as a unique window into how two of the world's great faiths came into being.
The man from Nazareth : as his contemporaries saw him
Old Testament theology : basic issues in the current debate
