http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18676 political party programmes
political party programmes platforms (politics)
New program of the Communist Party U.S.A. : a draft
The profile of party ideologies : an analysis of the present-day manifest and latent ideologies of three European social democratic and socialist parties as compared with their manifest ideologies of the twenties, and with the corresponding ideologies of their main bourgeois competitors for power
Writing media histories : Nordic views
The U.S.S.R. and the future : an analysis of the new program of the CPSU
The finnish party in Finland and their present programme together with a short introduction
The Foreign Political document adopted by the XXXI Party Congress of the Finnish Social Democratic party, 8-11 th June, 1978
Programme of the Communists (Bolsheviks)
The profile of party ideologies : an analysis of the present-day manifest and latent ideologies of the three European social democratic and socialist parties as compared with their manifest ideologies of the twenties, and with the corresponding ideologies of their main bourgeois competitors for power
The peasant state : the state and rural questions in 20th century Finland
Finnish abstract.
Party policy in modern democracies
Restoring the dream : the bold new plan by House republicans
The profile of party ideologies : An analysis of the present-day manifest and latent ideologies of three European social democratic and socialist parties as compared with their manifest ideologies of the twenties, and with the corresponding ideologies of their main bourgeois competitors for power
Finnish yearbook of political thought. 2003, vol. 7.
Programme of the Estonian social democratic party (ESDP)
Coalition governments in western Europe
The agrarian program of the Russian Socialist Revolutionary Party, 1900-1914
Essays on political representation
Evaluation of Political Parties of Finland for Democracy (DEMO Finland) Development Programme.
Documents of the 22nd Congress of the CPSU
Finnish yearbook of political thought. 1999, vol. 3, [Conceptual change and contingency]
British general election manifestos 1959-1987
The last crusade : religion and the politics of misdirection
Documentary, world history, and national power in the PRC : global rise in Chinese eyes
Programme of the Communist party of the Soviet Union : adopted by the 27th Congress of the C.P.S.U. on March 1, 1986.
Changing conceptions of party programmes in Finland : from the ideas of "government by the best" and "manifesto democracy" towards the idea of a party programme as an initiator of debate
The constitution and platform and basic policies
Dutch tradesmen, Finnish peasants : analysing agricultural policy in party programmes
Rural issues in Estonian electoral platforms 1995-2007
Party competition between unequals : strategies and electoral fortunes in Western Europe
Abstract: Party manifesto as an arena of practising in and maintaining political thinking.
Essays on the decision-making in representative democracy
Evaluation : Political Parties of Finland for Democracy (DEMO Finland) Development Programme
Programme of the Communist party of the Soviet Union : adopted by the 22nd congress of the C.P.S.U. October 31. 1961.
Labour Party manifesto, October 1974.
"Documentaries have recently become a favourite format for Chinese state-directed media to present an officially sanctioned view of history. Indeed, this is not confined to Chinese national history. In stark contrast to the earlier self-centred preoccupation with Chinese history, there has been an upsurge in interest in foreign history, with a view to illuminating China's role not only in world history, but also on the global stage today, and in the future. This book examines three recent Chinese documentary television series which present the officially sanctioned view of the rise of the modern West, the reasons for the end of the Soviet Union, and the legitimisation of the present-day Chinese government via a specific reading of modern Chinese history to argue for a "Chinese rise" in the future. With a focus on these documentaries, Gotelind Müller discusses how history is presented on screen, and explores the function of visual history for memory culture and wider society. Further, this book reveals how the presentation of Chinese and foreign history in a global framework impacts on the officially transmitted views on Self and Other, and thus provides a keen insight into how the Chinese themselves regard their "global rise". Documentary, World History, and National Power in the PRC will be welcomed by students and scholars working across a number of fields, including Chinese studies, East Asian studies, media studies, television studies, history and memory studies. "--
The inflammable alcohol issue : alcohol policy argumentation in the programs of political parties in Finland, Norway and Sweden from the 1960's to the 1990s
More than words? : an analysis on the language and structure of General Election manifestos of the British Labour Party 1983 - 2005
Programmatic platform of the Communist Party of Cuba
Estimating the policy position of political actors
