http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18666 sea buckthorn
sea buckthorn
Sea buckthorn (Hippophae rhamnoides L.) : production and utilization
Positional distribution of fatty acids in plant triacylglycerols : contributing factors and chromatographic/mass spectrometric analysis
The seabuckthorn book
Factors contributing to sea buckthorn (Hippophaë rhamnoides L.) flavour
Comparison of growth and physiological responses to severe drought between two altitudinal Hippophae rhamnoides populations
Producing Sea Buckthorn of High Quality : proceedings of the 3rd European Workshop on Sea Buckthorn : Naantali, Finland, October 14-16, 2014
Estimating genetic variability in horticultural crop species at different stages of domestication
Breeding in sea buckthorn (Hippophaë rhamnoides) genetics of berry yield, quality and plant cold hardiness
Effects of dietary far oxidation products and flavonols on lipoprotein oxidation
Sex-related differences in leaf morphological and physiological responses in Hippophae rhamnoides along an altitudinal gradient
Genetic diversity, evolution and domestication in sea buckthorn (Hippophae rhamnoides L.)
Genetic diversity of Hippophae rhamnoides populations at varying altitudes in the Wolong Natural Reserve of China as revealed by ISSR markers
Sugars, acids and phenolic compounds in currants and sea buckthorn in relation to the effects of environmental factors
The effect of fertilizers, mulch and land contours on young sea buckthorn cultivars in organic farming
Intrinsic change of physical and chemical properties of sea buckthorn (Hippophaë rhamnoides) and implications for berry maturity and quality
Effects of temperature sum on vitamin C concentration and yield of sea buckthorn (Hippophae rhamnoides) fruit : optimal time of fruit harvest
Berry polyphenol absorption and the effect of northern berries on metabolism, ectopic fat accumulation, and associated diseases
Content of total phenolic compounds and antioxidant capacity (FRAP) were investigated in the leaves of three sea buckthorn (Hippophaë  rhamnoides L.) cultivars: "Otradnaja", "Gibrid Pertjika" and "Ljubitelskaja", at different dates. In addition, major phenolic compounds (catechin, kaempferol, quercetin, epigallocatechin, kaempferol-3-O-glucoside, quercetin-3-O-galactoside, isorhamnetin-3-O-glucoside, rutin, gallic acid, procyanidin monomer glycoside, procyanidin dimer aglycone and hydrolyzable tannins I-III) were determined in "Ljubitelskaja". Antioxidant capacity and the content of total phenolic compounds fluctuated during April, May and June, and then increased until the end of July, when the highest values were observed. Total phenolic compounds were strongly correlated with FRAP. Levels were generally higher in "Ljubitelskaja" than in "Otradnaja" and "Gibrid Pertjika". In "Ljubitelskaja", hydrolyzable tannins I-III occurred in higher amounts than did any of the other studied phenolic compounds. The developmental stage of the leaves (harvesting date) had a strong influence on content of phenolic compounds and should be carefully considered when harvesting sea buckthorn leaves for different purposes.
Genetic variation and fruit quality in sea buckthorn and black chokeberry
Lipophilic components of sea buckthorn (Hippophaë rhamnoides) seeds and berries and physiological effects of sea buckthorn oils
Seabuckthorn (Hippophae L.) : a multipurpose wonder plant. Vol. 3, Advances in research and development
Sensory and hedonic characteristics of juice of sea buckthorn (Hippophae rhamnoides L.) origins and hybrids
On phylogeny of Hippophae (Elaeagnaceae)
Seabuckthorn : a multipurpose wonder plant. Vol. 1, Botany, harvesting and processing technologies
Buckthorn (Hippophaë rhamnoides L., Elaeagnaceae), a new important food plant for the larva of Tenthredo vespa Retzius in Finland (Hymenoptera, Tenthredinidae)
Rose hips and sea buckthorn berries contain high amounts of beneficial bioactive compounds. In this study the content and stability of natural vitamins and antioxidants were investigated in two fruit beverages made from rose hip powder, sea buckthorn berry purée and white grape juice concentrate, and wheat germ oil in one of the beverages. Beverages were formulated, pasteurised and filled aseptically in Tetra Brik packages and stored up to 35 days at 4 °C or 22 °C. Samples were analysed for the content of ascorbic acid, carotenoids, major phenolics, tocochromanols, total phenols and total antioxidant capacity as ferric reducing ability. The largest changes occurred during the first 5 days of storage, thereafter mainly ascorbic acid decreased. In the wheat germ oil supplemented beverage, α-tocopherol was more rapidly degraded. Negative correlations between the decrease of some carotenoids and tocochromanols, and the increase of some phenolics, suggest relationships of redox reactions specific to the amount of oil supplemented. From the present study we can conclude that additions of oil to beverages should be carefully selected to avoid oxidations of bioactive compounds. Furthermore, packaging of the beverages should be carried out at higher temperatures and thereafter it should be stored at low temperatures (4 °C), which decreased oxidation of all bioactive compounds except ascorbic acid..
Seabuckthorn : a multipurpose wonder plant. Vol. 2, Biochemistry and pharmacology
Inheritance of flowering, maturity, fruit yield, and winter hardiness of sea buckthorn (Hippophae rhamnoides)
Studies on some characteristics of Hippophae rhamnoides
A bibliography of seabuckthorn
Seabuckthorn (Hippophae L.) : a multipurpose wonder plant. Vol. 4, Emerging trends in research and technologies
Effect of storage time and temperature on stability of bioactive compounds in aseptically packed beverages prepared from rose hips and sea buckthorn berries
Changes in content of major phenolic compounds during leaf development of sea buckthorn (Hippophaë rhamnoides L.)
Composition of hawthorn (Crataegus spp.) fruits and leaves and emblic leafflower (Phyllanthus emblica) fruits
Breeding in sea buckthorn (Hippophaë rhamnoides) : genetics of berry yield, quality and plant cold hardiness
Variation of physical and chemical characters within elite sea buckthorn (Hippophaë rhamnoides L.) breeding population
Functional foods : biochemical & processing aspects
Geographical variation of growth rhythm, height, and hardiness, and their relations in Hippophae rhamnoides
The health effects of sea buckthorn berries and oil
Berry crop breeding, production and utilization for new century : a proceedings of the XXVI International Horticultural Congress: Toronto, Canada, 11-17 August, 2002
Assessment of genetic diversity using RAPD analysis in a germplasm collection of sea buckthorn
