http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18673 diseases of the throat
diseases of the throat
Cummings otolaryngology - head & neck surgery. Volume 3
Ultrasound in the management of acute rhinosinusitis patients in primary care
Otolaryngology : basic science and clinical review
Histo-cytological malignancy and clinical picture in epidermoid cancer of the larynx
Essential otolaryngology : head & neck surgery
Towards better patient safety : the WHO surgical checklist in otorhinolaryngology
Scott-Brown's otorhinolaryngology, head and neck surgery. Vol. 2
Cummings otolaryngology : head & neck surgery. Vol. 1
Recurrent respiratory papillomatosis : causes and consequences
Epidemiology, clinical characteristics and treatment outcome of laryngeal cancer
Pathogenic mechanisms in the genesis of oral and laryngeal cancer : with special reference to human papillomavirus (HPV) and cell-cycle regulation
Cummings otolaryngology : head & neck surgery. Volumes 1-3
Head and neck cancer : treatment, rehabilitation, and outcomes
The use of radiofrequency thermal ablation for the treatment of upper airway disorders
Functional outcome after free flap reconstructions in oral and pharyngeal cancer
Computer-assisted quantitative image analysis of cell proliferation, angiogenesis and stromal markers in experimental and laryngeal tumor development
An atlas of otolaryngic pathology
Adenoviral gene therapy for advanced head and neck cancer
More about diphtheria in Finland : letter
Scott-Brown's otorhinolaryngology, head and neck surgery. Vol. 3
Breathing, swallowing and voice in laryngeal disorders
Tumors of the upper aerodigestive tract and ear
Genetic variation : effect on the risk of cancers of lung and oropharynx
Cucumis sativus L., Didymella bryoniae (auersw.) rehm : host-parasite interactions
Vegetable diseases : a color handbook
Radiation therapy of head and neck cancer with special emphasis on locoregional recurrence and adverse events
Current diagnosis & treatment in otolaryngology - head & neck surgery
Laryngeal human papillomavirus infection
Bioactive glass in frontal sinus and calvarial bone defect obliteration : experimental and clinical studies
Current diagnosis & treatment in otolaryngology : head & neck surgery
Towards better patient safety: the WHO surgical checklist in otorhinolaryngology
Studies on the epidemiology and clinical characteristics of diphtheria during the Russian epidemic of the 1990s
Peritonsillar abscess : aetiology, diagnostics and treatment
XII World congress of oto-rhino-laryngology, June 21-27, 1981, Budapest, Hungary : programme
Ear, nose, and throat diseases : with head and neck surgery
Cummings otolaryngology - head & neck surgery. Volume 2
Manual of dysphagia assessmant in adults
Reproducibility of suppression of Pythium wilt of cucumber by compost
Proceedings of the Fourth International Symposium on Cucurbits : Changsha, Hunan, China, September 21 - 26, 2009
There is increasing global interest in using compost to suppress soil-borne fungal and bacterial diseases and nematodes. We studied the reproducibility of compost suppressive capacity (SC) against Pythium wilt of cucumber using nine composts produced by the same composting plant in 2008 and 2009. A bioassay was set up in a greenhouse using cucumber inoculated with two strains of Pythium. The composts were used as 20% mixtures (v:v) of a basic steam-sterilized light Sphagnum peat and sand (3:1, v:v). Shoot height was measured weekly during the 5-week experiment. At harvest, the SC was calculated as the % difference in shoot dry weight (DW) between non-inoculated and inoculated cucumbers. The SC was not affected by year of production (2008 or 2009), indicating reproducibility of SC when the raw materials and the composting method are not changed. Differences in shoot height were not as pronounced as those for shoot DW. The results were encouraging, but further studies are still needed for producing compost with guaranteed suppressiveness properties.
16th congress of the Scandinavian oto-laryngological society, Helsinki, June 27 to 30 1966 : abstracts
Primary care ENT
Molecular diagnosis of upper respiratory tract infections
Cummings otolaryngology : head & neck surgery. Vol. 2
Epidemiology, management and outcome of facial injuries
Organic voice disorders : assessment and treatment
Video atlas of cleft lip and palate surgery
Paediatric otorhinolaryngological findings in Luanda, Angola
XXXI Congress of the Nordic Association of Otolaryngology, Helsinki, Finland, August 18-20, 2011 : program and abstracts
Pediatric emergency medicine
Color atlas of ENT diagnosis
Tonsillectomy as treatment of acute peritonsillitis, with clinical and statistical observations
Transactions of the XVIth Congress of the Scandinavian Oto-laryngological Society, Helsinki, June 27-30, 1966
Ear, nose, throat, and tracheobronchial diseases in dogs and cats
Acute otitis media in infancy : occurrence and risk factors
Cummings otolaryngology : head & neck surgery. Vol. 3
Proceedings of the XIth International Symposium on Small Fruit Virus Diseases : Antalya,Turkey, May 22-26, 2006
Summary.
Textbook of voice disorders
Abstract. - Yhteenveto.
Genetic variation - effect on the risk of cancers of lung and oropharynx
Pediatric otolaryngology : principles and practice pathways
Readings in speech following total laryngectomy
Lecture notes on diseases of the ear, nose and throat
Scott-Brown's otorhinolaryngology, head and neck surgery. Vol. 1
Cucurbit diseases : a practical guide for seedsmen; growers & agricultural advisors
Nutritional disorders in glasshouse tomatoes, cucumbers and lettuce
The voice and voice therapy
Mortality
Studies on the bacteriology of acute otitis media
Classics in voice and laryngology
Endoscopic sinus surgery or Caldwell-Luc operation in the treatment of cronic and recurrent maxillary sinusitis
The Ear, nose and throat findings in finnish school children
The ear, nose and throat findings in Finnish school children
Injection laryngoplasty with autologous fascia for treatment of unilateral vocal fold paralysis
Reconstruction of cranial bone defects with fiber-reinforced composite-bioactive glass implants
Ear, nose, and throat diseases : a pocket reference
Pediatric otolaryngology for the clinician
Clinical atlas of ear, nose and throat diseases in small animals : the case-based approach
Computer-assisted quantitative image analysis of cell proliferation, angiogenesis and stormal markers in experimental and laryngeal tumor development
