http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18615 private schools
private schools
Knowledge & power in the global economy : the effects of school reform in a neoliberal/neoconservative age
Private schools and public policy : international perspectives
Decentralisation and privatisation in education : the role of the state
Private schooling : tradition, change and diversity
Evaluating private school quality in Denmark
You know you love me : a gossip girl novel
Conversion
The independent progressive school
Strategic planning for private higher education
School choice : the findings
Private schooling in less economically developed countries : Asian and African perspectives
Akuma no riddle : riddle story of devil. 1
Private / non-state education : forms and status in the member states of the European Community
Dork diaries : party time
Exploring relationship between Pakistani teacher's pedagogical beliefs and ICT use for teaching and learning
Women in towns : the social position of European urban women in a historical context
The privatization of schooling : problems and possibilities
The Sudbury Valley School experience
Learning from school choice
Education and the crisis of public values : challenging the assault on teachers, students, and public education
An invisible sign of my own
Missing, believed crazy
Gentlemen and players
The liar
Choice and the use of market forces in schooling : Swedish education reforms for the 1990s
Gotham Academy. Volume 1, Welcome to Gotham Academy
Dork diaries. Holiday heartbreak
This book addresses an issue of considerable current interest and importance: what is and what should be the role of religion in the education process of a modern, secular society? The subject is tackled through an indepth investigation of a recently established network of small independent Christian schools. First, the controversy itself is examined: What are the arguments for and against faith-based schools in the unique setting of the United Kingdom? Subsequently, the schools themselves are introduced and the key issues are described in detail. The focus then shifts to the teenage population of the schools. Who are these young people? How do they think and what do they believe? These questions are answered by analysing the results of an extensive survey and, where possible, comparisons are made with the attitudes and beliefs of the wider population of British teenagers. The findings show that the young people in the new Christian schools hold different values from many of their peers, and it is argued that the differences are of a positive rather than a negative nature.
Dork diaries : holiday heartbreak
Private schools and state schools : two systems or one?
Bleeding edge : [a novel]
Abstract: Equality and Progress - The Finnish Education Project Under Russian Rule.
The Dalton School : the transformation of a progressive school
All I want is everything : a gossip girl novel
Confessions
All else equal : are public and private schools different?
A question of blood
The old boys : the decline and rise of the public school
Crisis and renewal in one Finnish private school
The privatization of state education : public partners, private dealings
Reclaiming education
Different class
Because I'm worth it : a gossip girl novel
British private schools : research on policy and practice
Private academies of Chinese learning in Meiji Japan : the decline and transformation of the kanguku juku
Dork diaries : once upon a dork
Dork Diaries 9 : Tales from a Not-So-Dorky Drama Queen
Policy changes and private schooling in Finland : how one private school coped with the new aggressive comprehensive school legislation?
Education plc : understanding private sector participation in public sector education
Elite education and the private school
Senior Astra Dell is stricken with a devastating illness, leaving the students and teachers at her distinguished New York prep school reeling as they try to cope with their friend's impending death and their own longings and attachments.
Education and the crisis of public values : challenging the assault on teachers, students, & public education
Prep school children : a class apart over two centuries
Private schools in ten countries : policy and practice
Privatizing education : can the marketplace deliver choice, efficiency, equity, and social cohesion?
You're the one that I want : a gossip girl novel
Privatization and privilege in education
Swimming against the tide : the new independent christian schools and their teenage pupils
Summary.
Small schools : public school reform meets the ownership society
The state and private education : an evaluation of the assisted place scheme
AS Audentes = Audentes Ltd. : Aastaraamat 2000/2001 = Yearbook 2000/2001
You're the one that I want: a gossip girl novel
Gotham Academy. Volume 2, Calamity
Market approaches to education : vouchers and school choice
Social transformation and private education in China
Wildefire
You deserve nothing
Examines American society's shift away from democratic public values, the ensuing move toward a market-driven mode of education, and growing social disinvestment in youth. This book discusses the number of ways that the ideal of public education as a democratic public sphere has been under siege.
