http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18633 geography (curriculum subjects)
geography (curriculum subjects)
Information systems development in developing countries : risk management and sustainability analysis in Nigerian software companies
Modelling geography
The geography of Korea
Images of the other in Finnish primary school geography books
Mysteries make you think
The wider world
Geography education
Soils, plants and the environment
Geographical work in primary and middle schools
South America : everything you ever wanted to know
Asia : everything you ever wanted to know
Investigating roads
Teaching geography
Geography of agriculture : themes in research
Local and regional scale determinants of biodiversity patterns in boreal agricultural landscapes
Learning to teach geography in the secondary school : a companion to school experience
Into geography. 2, Teacher's resource book : for pupils' books 3 & 4
Teaching slow learners through geography
Into geography. Book 1
The aim of this thesis was to introduce the current technology that can be used in the virtual reality in education and research at Oulu University of Applied Sciences and explain the construction process of the 3D virtual laboratory to Oulu UAS. The secondary goal was to explain the basic elements that are needed in order to create content in virtual environment and give the basic knowledge for the faculty and students of Oulu UAS of the virtual reality possibilities and equipment that are in use at Oulu UAS. In this thesis some of the various aspects of a virtual reality hardware and software are analysed in a relation to human senses and the human factors affecting it are explained, since the basic understanding of some aspects of the human physiological and psychological characteristics is required in order to comprehend the virtual reality technology implementation requirements in both the software and hardware. The sources used in this thesis were selected with the criteria how relevant they were in relation to each subject under consideration. The majority of the chosen sources are commonly distinguished and sources without a proper scientific background were avoided as much as possible. In conclusion the results of the construction of Oulu UAS 3D virtual laboratory and the proposals how maintain and improve the competence for the virtual reality use at Oulu UAS are presented.
Geography : regions and concepts : study guide to accompany
High-tech geography ICT in primary schools
Assessment in practice : raising standards in secondary geography
Computer assisted learning in geography : current trends and future prospects
Knowledge, space, economy
Zonation : spatial conservation planning methods and software : version 4 : user manual
People attach commonly approved social values subjectively to landscape. These values vary spatially and can be studied in geographical context. In sustainable management of cultural landscapes, social values should be taken into account as professionally as the analysis of physical landscape features. This case study applies participatory and GIS techniques in the mapping and geographical analysis of social landscape values in a multifunctional cultural landscape in Zanzibar island, Tanzania. Social landscape data were collected with single-informant interviews using participatory GIS (PGIS) techniques. Four different social landscape values (subsistence, traditional, aesthetic and leisure) were mapped on an orthophotoimage individually by 149 informants. Data were spatially and statistically analysed to construct understanding of the community level patterns of the social landscape values. Results show geographical differences between individually and collectively held values in their distribution and clustering across the landscape. These patterns reflect local culture and its interpretation of different social landscape values. Results address the importance of local stakeholder participation when spatial planning and management of multifunctional cultural landscapes are realized. The paper discusses these management implication and methodological challenges of using participatory GIS techniques in studying cultural landscapes.
Suomen tilastollinen vuosikirja 2005 = Statistisk årsbok för Finland 2005 = Statistical yearbook of Finland 2005.
Geography today. Book 3, National curriculum edition
Geographical education in secondary schools
Projects in geography : for the secondary school
Using Experiences Earned in a Foreign Assignment - Case L4 Project, Stora Enso
Article 27 of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights and Internet : a study evaluating role of prosumers, authors and corporations in the information society
Investigating grasslands, hedges & trees
Renewable energy for base station and local economy : business potential for telecommunications equipment and service vendor in developing countries
Geographical information systems and science
Bridging the digital divide in developing countries : The role of mobile technology in bridging the digital divide
Korea : past and present
Aspects of geography teaching in school
The geography teacher's guide to the classroom
Investigating weather
Teaching geography in secondary schools : a reader
Maps with latitude
The language of maps
Transport geography facing geography : papers and proceedings of the Paris meeting, June 26th-29th, 1983
Mount Sinai
The China business handbook 2007.
Geography projects
E-learning methodologies and computer applications in archaeology
Geography teaching with a little latitude
"This book presents innovative instructional approaches for archaeological e-learning based on networked technologies, providing researchers, scholars, and professionals a comprehensive global perspective on the resources, development, application, and implications of information communication technology in multimedia-based educational products and services in archaeology"--Provided by publisher.
Electronic solutions for Ethiopian health sector : electronic medical record (EMR) system
Somali studies: Land of the people
The Continuum guide to geography education
Environmental impact assessment methodologies
Geographical education : reflection and action
Theory into practice : voices and choices in coursework
Matching community needs with university R&D : Dutch science shops
Teaching geography in and about Europe
This encyclopedia of virtual communities and technologies provides a much needed integrated overview of all the critical concepts, technologies and issues in the area of virtual communities.
Geography has a long tradition in studies of geographical distribution of flora and fauna. Detailed mappings of the distributions of biota over wide regions can produce highly valuable biogeographical data, but are extremely laborious. These challenges in biogeographical mapping, as well as the need for mitigation tools for the adverse impacts of human disturbance on the landscape and biodiversity, have stimulated the development of new approaches for assessing biogeographical patterns. Particularly, the ability to model distribution patterns of organisms and habitat types has recently increased along with the theoretical and methodological development of biogeography and spatial ecology, and modern spatial techniques and extensive data sets (provided e.g., by earth observation techniques). However, geographical data have characteristics which produce statistical problems and uncertainties in these modelling studies: 1) the data are almost always multivariate and intercorrelated, 2) the data are often spatially autocorrelated, and 3) biogeographical distribution patterns are affected by different factors operating on different spatial and temporal scales. Especially remote sensing and geographic information data provide powerful means for studies of environmental change, but also include pitfalls and may generate biased results. Quantitative analysis and modelling with correct and strict use of spatial statistics should also receive more attention. The issues discussed in this paper can have relevance in several fields of application of geographical data.
Developments in primary geography : theory and practice
Understanding geographical and environmental education : the role of research
Discussions on some educational issues. 9
How to study geography
Geography in secondary schools : researching pupils' classroom experiences
Geography for life : National Geography Standards 1994
World regional geography : global patterns, local lives
The environment in contexts:environmental concern in the Komi Republic (Russia)
Investigating census materials
Simon Catling's placing places : two hundred and twenty-six stimulating ways to introduce children to locational knowledge : a resource for primary and secondary geography teaching
Socio-demographic factors and incidence of caesarean sections in Mozambique
Summary in estonian.
Primary geography
Digital Optimism and the Case for Caution
Into geography. Book 4
Research and debate in primary geography
Global issues of our time
Success in geography : human and regional
Teaching geography in and for Europe : geographical issues and innovative approaches
Changing the subject : the impact of national policy on school geography 1980-2000
Learn geography the easy way
This thesis examined hydrological processes such as snowmelt and groundwater discharge in drained peatland areas in the boreal zone. The studied processes were measured in situ using environmental tracers. Further, performance of a treatment wetland was studied during snowmelt and high flow. A GIS model was developed to estimate groundwater seepage areas in peatland systems surrounding eskers.It was found that soil frost had a clear impact on water quality during snowmelt. This was evident as lower suspended sediments, water colour and dissolved organic carbon concentrations, among other changes. The treatment wetland was found to reduce the suspended solids load during the snowmelt period and late autumn, while reductions in phosphorus and nitrogen loads occurred during summer. A sampling algorithm was built to test how different sampling frequencies affected the estimation of suspended solid loads from the constructed wetland. The results showed increasing uncertainty for sparser sampling (from weekly to monthly sampling), but the uncertainty remained high even at weekly sampling. The GIS model was tested on two eskers and shown to give a fair estimate of groundwater discharge locations. It can thus be used for improving aquifer protection in boreal eskers related to the drainage networks surrounding them. However, to be applied more widely, further efforts are required.The findings in this thesis could be used to develop better water management policies for peat extraction areas, or other industries operating in similar soils and climate. For example, meltwater could be allowed to temporarily bypass treatment facilities in areas with deep soil frost penetration. The wetland study showed that peatland-based wetlands are a suitable approach for improving water treatment performance even under variable hydraulic loads. The uncertainty in the estimated load from a small peat extraction catchment was high, which might limit the use of such data for some purposes. Load estimation methods using the concentration data collected during previous years might be able to reduce the uncertainty, but if the uncertainty needs to be lowered substantially use of sensor technology might be the only viable approach.
Promoting and celebrating geography
The Baltic region
Fundamentals in school geography : a book for teachers and students in training
Information technology and everyday life in ageing rural villages
History and geography of tourism
Pandora Walker unwittingly unleashes cyber Armageddon on her seventeenth birthday and must play a virtual reality game in order to save the world.
Geostatistical prediction of clay percentage based on soil survey data
A re-evaluation of rote learning
Case studies in human information behaviour in smart urban spaces
Discovering distant places : national curriculum geography support material for key stages 1 and 2
Geography into the twenty-first century
Geography in education : viewpoints on teaching and learning
Recent developments in spatial methods and data in biogeographical distribution modelling - advantages and pitfalls
Analysing spatial accessibility patterns with travel time and distance measures : novel approaches for rural and urban contexts
The first two years of geography
The Usborne geography encyclopedia : with complete world atlas
Investigating town and village patterns
Fieldwork in the geography curriculum : filling the rhetoric-reality gap
Starting to teach geography
Data exclusivity in the European free trade agreements and access to medicine in the developing countries
Teaching and learning geography
Developments and directions in geographical education
Problem-based learning in social studies : problem-based learning (PBL) is an approach that challenges students to learn through engagement in real-life problems
Urban informal sector information : needs and methods
A methodology for the adoptation of information systems in least developed countries (LDCs) : case study Ethiopia
The shift omnibus
Teaching geography in primary schools : learning to live in the world
The effect of EU Digital Agenda on the ICT sector in Finland
Place in story-time : geography through stories at key stages 1 and 2
Environmental GIS in the management of visitor flows
Investigating local streets and shops
"This book is a comprehensive source of information for those interested in tourism and hospitality management, approaches, and trends, and, covers the emerging research topics that will define the future of IT and cultural development in the 21st century"--Provided by publisher.
Investigating pollution and conservation
The Nordic book
Viewpoints on geography teaching : the Charney Manor conference papers, 1990
Greece
Geography : development of the geographical knowledge of the Malay Archipelago
Children's knowledge about the Earth and gravity and its change in the course of development and learning
Citizen, state and nation
Taking over the management and ownership of a farm contributes positively to farm growth but little is known about how farmers succeed after the starting phase. We analysed how farmers that have recently started their farm enterprises are going to develop their farms and how do they differ from more experienced farmers in some key farm management areas. Data were collected by postal survey from farmers of the Salo region in South-Western Finland. Farmers were categorized into three different groups according to a combination of their age and experience. Farmers who were in the early phase of taking over a farm had better education and better networks than their older counterparts. Younger farmers considered their networks to be more important than did their senior colleagues. The early phase farmer group invested significantly more and had more liabilities than the other two groups. Moreover, early phase farmers were the most active at developing their farms. The late phase farmers were the least active, even when they knew they were going to transfer their farm to next generation within the next few years. Farms should be developed continuously in order to improve the viability of whole farming sector.
Into geography. Book 2
Westerners and others in finnish school textbooks
Narrative and the social dynamics of magical harm in late nineteenth- and early twentieth-century Finland
Wool
Re-articulating information society discourse(s) : a cultural studies approach to postcolonial locale(s)
Europe : everything you ever wanted to know
Learning through enquiry : making sense of geography in the key stage 3 classroom
Decision support system for agricultural land use and fertilisation optimisation : a case study on barley production in Estonia
The India phenomenom and Finland : backround study for Sitra ́s India programme
Runoff generation and load estimation in drained peatland areas
Modelling of vegetative filter strips in catchment scale erosin control
Investigating recreation
Acculturation and the health behavior of vietnamese, somalis, estonians and russians living in Finland in 2002
Synthetic worlds : emerging technologies in education and economics
European Teachers' Seminar no. 29 on "Geography for international understanding in primary schools", Donaueschingen, Federal Republic of Germany, 7-12 October 1985
Into geography. 1, Teacher's resource book : for pupils' books 1 & 2
International understanding through geography : international understanding and the national curriculum
Developments in geography teaching
Geography in and out of school : suggestions for the teaching of geography in secondary schools
A geospatial approach to assessing the synergies of agriculture-based poverty alleviation programmes : ADRA's programme in the Ga West district of Ghana
Kaptalamwa : a village in Kenya : a teaching pack of photos, activities, maps and information about a contrasting locality in Africa
A handbook of suggestions on the teaching of geography
Virtual Reality Technology and its implementations at Oulu University of Applied Sciences : construction of 3D virtual laboratory
Schopenhauer and Kant's transcendental idealism
Settlement and population
Elephant dance : a journey to India / written by Theresa Heine ; illustrated by Sheila Moxley
Patterns of aquatic macrophytes in the boreal region : implications for spatial scale issues and ecological assessment
Mongolia : Nomad empire of eternal blue sky
Common knowledge about Chinese geography = Zhongguo dili changshi
Developments in the status and content of geography teaching in the secondary schools of Finland
Designing patient registry software for Kenyan healthcare
Thing explainer : complicated stuff in simple words
Enquiry geography : teacher's resource pack. 3
Source book for geography teaching
There be dragons! : an ethnographic inquiry into the strategic practices and process of world of warcraft gaming groups
The teaching of geography
The theoretical and practical potential of GIS in lower secondary geography education
Investigating homes
Encyclopedia of Virtual Communities and Technologies
The world is flat : a brief history of the twenty-first century
Investigating railways
Geography in British schools, 1850-2000 : making a world of difference
Global hospitality and tourism management technologies
Africa : everything you ever wanted to know
Novel technologies for greenfield exploration. Mineral exploration and mapping within thick glacial overburden, peatlands and different conservation areas is demanding, sensitive and expensive. The best practices for mineral exploration (techniques and concepts) from cost and environmental perspectives have been developed in the project 'Novel technologies for greenfield exploration' funded by Finnish Funding Agency for Innovation (Tekes). Essential exploration techniques include the concurrent use of geological, geochemical and geophysical surveys. These techniques allow the location and thorough investigation of the geological processes responsible for mineral deposits and indications of ore-forming processes, or in suitable conditions, the direct identification of mineral deposits. The efficiency and success of exploration require not only high quality data processing and interpretation, but also the consideration of environmental aspects, which are particularly important in sensitive northern, sub-Arctic areas. The results and methodological advances arising from this project could particularly serve companies and organizations conducting grass root mineral exploration in a regional scale. The techniques can also be adopted in target-scale exploration.
Harmonization of ICT standards related to Arabic language use in information society applications
Investigation and analysis of present situation and future prospect of information and communication technology to develop agriculture in Nepal
Social studies for the preschool/primary child
Novel technologies for greenfield exploration
Fieldwork in action. [1], Planning fieldwork
Strategic objectives and development plans of beginning farmers
Expatriate knowledge sharing, replacement and repatriation processes in linkage with the performance management : case Metso
Mobile technology, gender and development in  Africa, India and Bangladesh
Global citizenship education
Geography : teaching school subjects 11-19
A decade of reform in geographic education : inventory and prospect
High-tech geography : ICT in secondary schools
Into geography. Book 3
Aspects of teaching secondary geography : perspectives on practice
Participatory mapping and geographical patterns of the social landscape values of rural communities in Zanzibar, Tanzania
Assessment works : approaches to assessment in geography at key stages 1, 2 & 3
Dealing with disasters : teaching about disasters and development for ages 11 to 16
Computers in geographical education : a European perspective on developing exciting Geography
Living geography : exciting futures for teachers and students
Zhongguo dili changshi = Common Chinese Geography Textbook
Geography and education : national and international perspectives
