http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18625 prenatal classes
prenatal classes
Having children in Finland
Nurse-midwifery handbook : practical guide to prenatal and postpartum care
Pain in childbearing : key issues in management
Care in normal birth : a practical guide : report of a technical working group
Ina May's guide to childbirth
Olds' maternal-newborn nursing & women's health across the lifespan
Expecting a baby? : a complete guide to pregnancy, birth and your baby's first six weeks
Midwifery : best practice
Pregnancy : all your questions answered
The doula book : how a trained labor companion can help you have a shorter, easier, and healthier birth
Professional studies for midwifery practice
Juju Sundin's birth skills : Proven pain-management techniques for your labour and birth
The FitMama method : the complete guide to confidence and fitness for birth
Hypnobirthing is a method of birth preparation using a series of simple but effective techniques that can facilitate a calm and natural birth. Far from being a modern fad, it is logical, rational and there is a strong evidence base for its use. Many women approach labour with fear because of the negativity surrounding birth and the assumption that it must involve excruciating pain for the mother. Fear has a physiological effect, making contractions less effective and derailing normal labour. Hypnobirthing teaches the mother to relax and believe that her body is perfectly designed to give birth; when the mother is relaxed her body can release natural painkillers that are far more effective than pharmaceutical drugs. Women using hypnobirthing report needing little or no pain relief during labour and their babies are born calm and alert. Mothers need less medical intervention, and if they do they report feeling much more able to deal with it. Calm and confident parents are empowered to make informed decisions about their care, which can contribute enormously to a positive birth experience. In Why Hypnobirthing Matters Katrina Berry looks at the origins and rationale for using hypnosis for childbirth, explains what you can expect from hypnobirthing and dispels common misunderstandings in a lively, informative way.
Your pregnancy bible
Hypnobirthing : the Mongan Method : the breakthrough approach to safer, easier, comfortable birthing
Preparing for childbirth : a practical guide to childbirth choices
A Virtual Visit to the Hospital: Childbirth Clinic in Internet
Health promotion in midwifery : principles and practice
Guide to effective care in pregnancy and childbirth
The pregnancy book : your complete guide to pregnancy, childbirth and the first few weeks with a new baby
Breathe your way through birth with yoga
"In today's perfectionistic culture, pregnant women are expected to be boundlessly optimistic and literally glowing with happiness. What often go unacknowledged are the physical and emotional challenges of pregnancy. This book offers strategies and solutions for confronting and relieving the stress of pregnancy. Think about some of the words so commonly used to describe a pregnant woman: "radiant," "glowing," "serene." But even for women who are thrilled to be having a baby, pregnancy can also be a difficult time filled with ambivalence, anxiety, and moodiness. Women who are typically accustomed to having complete control over their bodies endure waves of morning sickness, discomfort with their expanding belly, exhaustion, and anxiety about the impact a baby will have on their career, relationships, and freedom. Many pregnant women feel guilty about the challenging emotions; they face enormous societal pressure to be ecstatic about impending motherhood and wonder what is wrong with them when they don't feel the happiness they think they should be experiencing. Research shows that excessive stress during pregnancy is associated with premature birth and low birth weight. But relief does not come in the form of a pill--antidepressants have the potential to cause pregnancy complications and lifelong harm to unborn babies. Finding Calm for the Expectant Mom presents a seven-step program that shows women what they can do to feel happier, calmer, and less stressed in a safe and natural way. With the tools and problem-solving techniques presented here, women can adjust their expectations, restructure negative thought patterns, cultivate resiliency, and become better prepared to take on the role of motherhood"--
Pregnancy questions and answers : everything you need to know - week by week
Why hypnobirthing matters
[Articles on] childbirth
Yoga for pregnancy : the safe and gentle way to prapare your body and mind for birth, in step-by-step sequences
Finding calm for the expectant mom : tools for reducing stress, anxiety, and mood swings during your pregnancy
Birth your way
Your pregnancy bible ; second pregnancy
Pregnancy : your questions answered
Healthy pregnancy
Fear of childbirth
Prenatal yoga for conception, pregnancy and birth
The family dynamics of childbearing and childrearing families, related family demands and support received form child health clinics ; Tuovi Hakulinen
Fundamentals of midwifery : a textbook for students
Your antenatal care : a comprehensive guide to routine health checks and medical care throughout pregnancy
Birth
New experience of childbirth
Your new pregnancy bible
Abstract: Teaching methods in parenthood education.
Pregnancy : questions and answers : everything you need to know - week by week
Obstetric, psychosocial, and pain-related background, and treatment of fear of childbirth
Conception, pregnancy & birth
Birth reborn : what childbirth should be
"Ina May Gaskin, America's leading midwife, shares her exceptional birthing wisdom in this intuitive guide to childbirth. By sharing a wealth of knowledge generated by three decades of experience she explains why the natural birthing process, when left to its own devices, can proceed so beautifully on its own. In this invaluable book Ina May teaches you: what really happens during labour; how to create a safe, comfortable environment for birth in any setting; tips for maximising your chances of an unmedicated labour and birth; the risks of anaesthesia and caesareans; and, what your doctor doesn't necessarily tell you." / Kustantajan kuvaus.
Selected readings in family nursing from the finnish perspective
