http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18619 youth sociology
youth sociology
Young actors in transnational agoras : multi-sited ethnography of cosmopolitan micropolitical orientations
Black culture, white youth : the reggae tradition from JA to UK
Youth and public policy in Serbia
Socialist fun : youth, consumption, and state-sponsored popular culture in the Cold War Soviet Union, 1945-1970
Understanding youth in the global economic crisis
Russia's skinheads : exploring and rethinking subcultural lives
Youth and subculture as creative force : creating new spaces for radical youth work
Abstract: The significance of ethnicity in youth peer relationships : a study of the encounters of youth from immigrant backgrounds and majority youth in youth work fields
The living conditions of young people in Sweden : on the crisis of the 1990s, social conditions and health
The nature of adolescence
Postmodernism and popular culture
Muslim youth : challenges, opportunities and expectations
Adolescent social behavior and health
All dressed up : the sixties and the counter-culture
Hip hop matters : politics, pop culture, and the struggle for the soul of a movement
Drugs and youth cultures : global and local expressions
A world of gangs : armed young men and gangsta culture
Childhood
Sociology, youth and youth work practice
Contemporary youth research : local expressions and global connections
Generations in conflict : youth revolt and generation formation in Germany 1770-1968
Making beats : the art of sample-based hip-hop
Young people in rural areas of Europe
Construction of youth
Comparative youth culture : the sociology of youth cultures and youth subcultures in America, Britain and Canada
Keywords in youth studies : tracing affects, movements, knowledges
The origins of postmodern youth : informal youth movements in a comparative perspective
Youth : similarities, differences, inequalities
Youth, family and citizenship
Growing to be a citizen : civil society and youth policies in Karelia
Without the chrysanthemum and the sword : a study of the attitudes of youth in post-war Japan
The new youth justice
Youth culture and sport : identity, power, and politics
Lost histories of youth culture
Childhood : critical concepts in sociology. Volume 1
Youthscapes : the popular, the national, the global
The challenge of youth
Street trends : how today's alternative youth cultures are creating tomorrow's mainstream markets
Theories of delinquency : an examination of explanations of delinquent behavior
Approaches to positive youth development
Youth ethnic and national identity in Bosnia and Herzegovina : social science approaches
Teen life in Europe
Youth in society : contemporary theory, policy and practice
The delinquent solution : a study in subcultural theory
Teen life in Africa
Pretty in punk : girls' gender resistance in a boys' subculture
The significance of ethnicity in youth peer relationships : a study of the encounters of youth from immigrant backgrounds and majority youth in youth work fields.
Understanding youth : perspectives, identities and practices
After subculture : critical studies in contemporary youth culture
Microphone fiends : youth music and youth culture
Nuthin' but a 'G' thang : the culture and commerce of gangsta rap
Television and youth culture : televised paranoia
Teenage : the creation of youth culture
Feminism and youth culture : from 'Jackie' to 'Just Seventeen'
What is youth? How do we understand youth in its social and cultural context? In this book, Cieslik and Simpson provide and introduction to the interdisciplinary field of youth studies. Drawing upon the latest research and developments in the field, as well as discussing the fundamental ideas underlying the disciplines as a whole, it offers a comprehensive yet unpacked understanding of youth as a social phenomenon. Illuminating the many abstract and contested concepts within youth studies, this book offers explanations to questions such as: * How might we define youth? * How can we understand young people in relation to their social identities and practices? * What is the relationship between youth and social class? * How do youth cultures develop? * How can we understand youth in a globalized perspective?
The sociology of youth culture and youth subcultures : sex and drugs and rock'n'roll?
The changing state of youth
International encyclopedia of adolescence. Vol. 2, K - Z, Index
Researching youth
Adolescents and risk : making sense of adolescent psychology
Rave culture and religion
Understanding youth in late modernity
Youth, music and creative cultures : playing for life
Social networks in youth and adolescence
Popular music and youth culture : music, identity and place
Teen life in the Middle East
Youth in Europe. 2, An international empirical study about religiosity
The city
Alternative treatments for troubled youth : the case of diversion from the justice system
The third generation : the Islamic order of things and cultural defiance among the young of Tehran
Video kids : making sense of nintendo
Youth in Europe. 3, An international empirical study about the impact of religion on life orientation
Youth studies : an introduction
Teen life in Latin America and the Caribbean
Children of victory : young specialists and the evolution of Soviet society
The hip : hipsters, jazz and the beat generation
Young people, place and identity
Channel surfing : racism, the media, and the destruction of today's youth
Street crime
Understanding youth and crime : listening to youth?
Youth movements, trauma and alternative space in contemporary Japan
Teen life in Asia
Veils and videos : female youth culture on the Kenyan coast
Abstract.
Rebel music : race, empire and the new Muslim youth culture
International encyclopedia of adolescence. Vol. 1, A - J, Index
The rap on gangsta rap : who run it? : gangsta rap and visions of black violence
The adolescent experience : European and American adolescents in the 1990s
The Eurogang paradox : street gangs and youth groups in the U.S. and Europe
Adolescent boys of East London
Rethinking youth
Hooligans or rebels? : an oral history of working-class childhood and youth 1889-1939
Childhood : critical concepts in sociology. Volume 3
Let's twist again : youth and leisure in socialist Bulgaria
Masculinities and violence in youth cultures
Schooling ordinary kids : inequality, unemployment, and the new vocationalism
Sociology of delinquency : current issues
Peer groups : expanding our study of small group communication
Sound effects : youth, leisure, and the politics of rock
Childhood : critical concepts in sociology. Volume 2
Female licentiousness versus male escape? : essays on intoxicating substance use, sexuality and gender
Key concepts in youth studies
Transitions in context : leaving home, independence and adulthood
Victims of change : juvenile delinquents in American society
Growing up postmodern : neoliberalism and the war on the young
America's teenagers - myths and realities : media images, schooling, and the social costs of careless indifference
The main focus of this book, beyond a clarification of the paradigmatic foundations, concerns the major contexts of adolescents and young adults, namely, neighbourhoods and leisure locales, school and family, and the major themes of healthy psychosocial development.
Dead end kids : gang girls and the boys they know
The abandoned generation : democracy beyond the culture of fear
