http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18711 pigments
pigments
Painting materials : a short encyclopaedia
In artists' footsteps : the reconstruction of pigments and paintings, studies in honour of Renate Woudhuysen-Keller
Paper coating trends in the worldwide paper industry
Effect of coating colour composition on runnability
Lemminkäinen's mother - conservator's comments
House paints, 1900-1960 : history and use / Harriet A. L. Standeven
Standards in architectural paint research
Combinations of titanium dioxide and fillers in paints
Industrial organic pigments : production, properties, apllications
Dispersing of kaolin slurry in a laboratory environment
Evaluation of viscosity, elongational viscosity and dewatering of coating colours at high shear rates
The colors of the new world : artists, materials, and the creation of the Florentine codex
Papermaking science and technology. Book 11, Pigment coating and surface sizing of paper
Art of the past : sources and reconstructions : proceedings of the first symposium of the Art Technological Source Research study group
The chemistry of pigments
The ph and redox sensitivity of certain pigments
Microstructural and environmental effects on the mechanical properties of porous particle-polymer composites
Mediaeval painter's materials and techniques : the Montpellier Liber diversarum arcium
Paper for printed electronics and functionality
Binding medium, pigments and metal soaps characterised and localised in paint cross-sections / Katrien Keune
The alchemy of paint : art, science, and secrets from the Middle Ages / by Spike Bucklow
High performance pigments
Contributions to conservation : research in conservation at the Netherlands Institute for Cultural Heritage (ICN)
Bright Earth : the Invention of Colour
How to mix and use colour : the artist's guide to achieving the perfect colour
Bright earth : the invention of colour
The Pigment compendium : a dictionary of historical pigments
Artists' pigments c. 1600-1835 : a study in English documentary sources / R. D. Harley
Architectural finishes in the built environment
Seeing through paintings : physical examination in art historical studies
Colour : travels through the paintbox
Harry's cosmeticology: the art and science of formulating cosmetic products
Artists' pigments : a handbook of their history and characteristics. Vol. 3
Enchancing performance of paper coatings by tailor-made plastic pigments
Color : for interior design
The object in context : crossing conservation boundaries, contributions to the Munich Congress 28 August - 1 September 2006
Protective coatings : fundamentals of chemistry and composition
Pigment compendium : a dictionary and optical microscopy of historical pigments
The materiality of color : the production, circulation, and application of dyes and pigments, 1400-1800
Colour and optical properties of foods
Fillers and pigments are used in paper manufacturing for low material expenses and to increase optical properties such as opacity and brightness. In this thesis effects of additives in thinprint grade papers were studied. The purpose was to get a clear view on how different individual filler pigments change the optical properties of both base paper and calandered paper. Based on the results further trial runs were made with additives that enhanced desirable properties in paper. In the second trial paper was made with 18 different mixes of fillers. Each mixture contained PCC and two other additives. Mixtures were in groups of four, where amount of PCC was kept constant and the quantity of the other two varied. Thesis contains a confidential part.
Archaeomineralogy
Thermal thickening of paper coatings
The pigment compendium : optical microscopy of historical pigments
Melanin concentrations in vendace (Coregonus albula) and whitefish (Coregonus lavaretus) larvae from five boreal lakes with different optical properties
The purpose of this thesis was to study the effect of structural coating pigments on ink jet papers. The object was to examine the properties of the pigments and evaluate the given printing result. Pigment is the most important factor affecting the coating properties and different pigments give different properties. Ten structural coating pigments were used in this thesis. The target was to find one special coating pigment that could be utilized in paper manufacturing. Another target was to find an optimal coating mix and the correct amount of the pigment. The thesis contains confidential background material.
Functional properties of visual pigments using A1 and A2 chromophore : from molecules to ecology
Industrial inorganic pigments / edited by Gunter Buxbaum
Artists' pigments c. 1600-1835 : a study in English documentary sources
The artist's handbook : a complete professional guide to materials and techniques
UV-screening in Arctic and alpine vascular plants and lichens
Gene-by-environment interactions and phenotypic effects of temperature on melanism, immune defense and life-history traits in Tenebrio molitor
East Asian paintings : materials, structures and deterioration mechanisms
Trade in artists' materials : markets and commerce in Europe to 1700
Fluorescence properties of Baltic Sea phytoplankton
Pigments in food - for quality and health : 5th International Congress on Pigments in Food, Helsinki, 14-16 August, 2008 : proceedings / [Heinonen, M.]
Painting and understanding abstract art
Artists' pigments : a handbook of their history and characteristics. Volume 4
Colour : making and using dyes and pigments / François Delamare and Bernard Guineau
Studies using scientific methods : pigments in later Japanese paintings / [essys by] Elisbeth West FitzHugh, John Winter, and Marco Leona
Issues in contemporary oil paint / editors Klaas Jan van den Berg ... [et al.]
Blue pigments : 5000 years of art and industry / François Delamare
Analytical techniques in materials conservation
Simulation and measurement of colored surfaces
Outlines of paint technology. 1, Materials
Colour : travels through the paintbox / Victoria Finlay
Modelling pattern formation and pigmentation in the coat of mammals = Modellering av mønsterdannelse og pifmentering i pelsen til pattedyr
Simulation of particle motion in pigment coating colors
"The Pigment Compendium Dictionary" is a comprehensive information source for scientists, art historians, conservators and forensic specialists. Drawn together from extensive analytical research into the physical and chemical properties of pigments, this essential reference to pigment names and synonyms describes the inter-relationship of different names and terms. The Dictionary covers the field worldwide from pre-history to the present day, from rock art to interior decoration, from ethnography to contemporary art. Drawing on hundreds of hard-to-obtain documentary sources as well as modern scientific data each term is discussed in detail, giving both its context and composition. It includes a comprehensive list of pigment names and synonyms. It talks about the pigments used worldwide from pre-history to the present day. It contains information from hundreds of hard-to-obtain documentary sources.
Microscopic simulation of pigment coating consolidation
Monumental treasures : [preservation and conservation : XX NKF congress : 21-23 October 2015, Helsinki, Finland] / edited by: Anna Rajainmaa ... [et al.]
Studies on retina-specific gene expression
Color science in the examination of museum objects : nondestructive procedures
Colour : making and using dyes and pigments
The Analysis of Pigments and Plasters : its relevance to current wall painting and stone conservation practice : Post-prints of a day conference of the wall paintings section of The United Kingdom Institute for Conservation of Historic and Artistic Works held on 22 February 1997 at The British Museum London
The artist's handbook of materials and techniques
The blending ratio evaluation between two PCC pigments as a filler in SC paper
Anthocyanins in leaves
Seminar on Biomedical Engineering 2007
Medieval and Renaissance treatises on the arts of painting : original texts with english translations
Pigments of English medieval wall painting
Natural colorants for dyeing and lake pigments : practical recipes and their historical sources
Ida's storehouse : a case study on pigments and paint binders on the folk buildings in Seurasaari
The impact of modern paints
The Nebamun wall paintings : conservation, scientific analysisi and display at the British Museum
Changing pictures : discoloration in 15th-17th-century oil paintings / Margriet van Eikema Hommes
Examination and conservation of an unlined painting by Pieter van Lint, painted in 1631
Color science and the visual arts : a guide for conservators, curators, and the curious
The effect of structural mineral pigments on the coating of ink jet papers
Colour in nature : a visual and scientific exploration
This text explores the technical study and reconstruction of old master paintings and pigments from the medieval to the modern period.
Industrial organic pigments : production, properties, applications / Willy Herbst, Klaus Hunger
Targeted technology programmes : a conceptual evaluation : evaluation of Kenno, Plastic Processing and Pigments technology programmes : evaluation report
Color atlas and manual of microscopy for criminalists, chemists, and conservators
Ultraviolet light protection and weathering properties of wood-polypropylene composites
Industrial organic pigments : production, properties, appilcations
Microspectroscopic analysis of traditional oil paint
Paint and coating testing manual
Ida's storehouse, the youngest of the group of the buildings belonging to the Niemelä tenant farm in the Seurasaari open-air museum, was conserved and restored in 2014-2015. For the restoration painting, the paint surfaces on the storehouse's door and window structures were analysed to identify the pigments and binders used. Several layers of paint and three different types of paint surfaces were found on the door panelling. Some of the paint layers are presumably a result of maintenance painting during the time the building has been at the museum. However, there is only one layer of paint on the frames, linings and door edges, which is therefore likely to be paint surface from the time before the building was relocated to Seurasaari. The aim was to confirm the binder used in the paint of this layer in particular, because identifying it had not been possible during preliminary studies..
Project report of pigment analyses of the fourth style wall paintings in the Casa di Marco Lucrezio (IX 3, 5.24) in Pompeii
Nuori tuntematon - Isaac Wacklin : yhteenveto tutkimusprojektista vuosilta 2005-2008 = Isaac Wacklin - young and unknown : summary of the research project 2005-2008 [Summary] / Tuulikki Kilpinen, Jouni Kuurne, Henni Reijonen ... [et al.
Physiology of the skin
The alchemy of paint : art, science, and secrets from the Middle Ages
Effects of fillers on thinprint papers
The technical analysis of Renaissance illuminated manuscripts from the Historical Library of the University of Valencia = Estudio técnico de los códices miniados renacentistas de la Biblioteca Histórica de la Universidad de Valencia
Coloring the cosmetic world : using pigments in decorative cosmetic formulations
Pigments for paper : a project of the Coating Pigments Committee of TAPPI's Coating & Graphic Arts Division
In vitro model of retinal pigment epithelium for use in drug delivery studies
Goniospectrometric analysis of optically complex samples : a study on diffraction gratings, optically variable devices, and coatings with special effect pigments
Abstract:
