http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18764 widowhood
widowhood
Problems and challenges of single women (widows) in Nepal : a study
Widowhood and visual culture in early modern Europe
To the lighthouse
The Sweetness At the Bottom of the Pie
Widow’s guide to healing : gentle support and advice for the first 5 Years
Women ageing : changing identities, challenging myths
A journey towards empowerment & the status of single women in Nepal
Widowhood in early modern Spain : protectors, proprietors, and patrons
The weed that strings the hangman's bag
Me after you : a true story about love, loss and other disasters
Bridget Jones : mad about the boy
Lisey's story : a novel
Institutionalization of older adults after the death of a spouse
Determinants of institutional care at older ages in Finland
Life after you : a mother's true story of life after loss
Widowhood and poverty : well being and survival in rural Bangladesh
What happens when older men become widowers? Popular books, movies, and television present widowers as lost and unable to cope or care for themselves. These stereotypes do not encapsulate the experiences of real widowers, how their daily lives change, and what being a widower means to individuals in both sociological and practical ways. By Himself is based on in-depth interviews with twenty-six widowers over the age of sixty living in the United States and Canada. Using these interviews, Deborah K. van den Hoonaard explores masculine identity and traces the stories that widowers tell about their wives' illnesses and deaths. She also focuses on the widowers' changed relationships with their children and friends, as well as with women, and details the men's encounters with tasks such as housework and cooking. An eminently readable and accessible book, By Himself sheds new light on the social meaning of being a widower.
Later phases of the family cycle : demographic aspects
Gender and national identity in twentieth-century Russian culture
Family Practices in Later Life
Widows in India
Shadow lives : writings on widowhood
Beyond widowhood : from bereavement to emergence and hope
On the social and economic conditions of widows of Tamil Nadu, India; a study.
Next to love : a novel
Women Ageing provides a better understanding of what ageing is like for women and challenges the myths which have grown up around the ageing process. Blending the scholarly, the personal and the political, it reveals the range of strategies and identities women adopt to manage the transitions of the second half of the life course. In doing so it uncovers not only the commonalities and the similarities between mid-life and older women, but also some of the variation and diversity relating to ethnicity and race, class, disability and sexual orientation. Women Ageing makes the ordinary lives of ordinary women as, in this instance, they grow older, more visible. Its findings have important implications for policy and practice. All those studying or working with older people, will find it an illuminating text.
The sweetness at the bottom of the pie
The blazing world
A widow's story : a memoir
Love in the time of cholera
Nicholas Nickleby : a life & adventures of
Out of the tower : essays on culture and everyday life
Older widows and the lifecourse : multiple narratives of hidden lives
Widows in Anglo-Saxon and Medieval Britain
By himself : the older man's experience of widowhood
From emotional turmoil to tranquility : grief as a process of giving in a study on spousal bereavement
The Pilot's wife
Widowed priest : a crisis in ministry
Collection of case studies of single women (widows)
The weed that strings the hangman's bag : a Flavia de Luce novel
Bridget Jones : : mad about the boy : ENGLANNINKIELINEN
