http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18779 alms
alms
7 x 14 : Staatliche Kunsthalle Baden-Baden, 14.02. - 12.07.2009 / Herausgeber = editor: Karola Kraus ; Redaktion = editing: Cora von Pape, Julia Wirxel
Zakat in Northern Ghana : not an institution but a goal to be achieved
The rich Christian in the church of the early empire : contradictions and accommodations
Zakât in pre-colonial sub-Saharan Africa : a tentative survey. Part three
A tentative note on islamic welfare : zākat in theory and praxis in the Sokoto caliphate
Charity and giving in monotheistic religion
Reflections on zakât in Northern Ghana : not an institution but a goal to be achieved
A tentative note on islamic welfare : zakât in theory and praxis in the Sokoto Caliphate
Almsgiving in the later Roman Empire : Christian promotion and practice (313-450)
Like an everlasting signet ring : generosity in the book of Sirach
Aspects of almsgiving in pre-colonial muslim societies of the Bilâd as-Sûdân
Zakât in pre-colonial sub-Saharan Africa : a tentative survey. Part one
It has long been acknowledged that Jews and Christians distinguished themselves through charity to the poor. Though ancient Greeks and Romans were also generous, they funded theatres and baths rather than poorhouses and orphanages. How might we explain this difference? In this significant reappraisal of charity in the biblical tradition, Gary Anderson argues that the poor constituted the privileged place where Jews and Christians met God. Though concerns for social justice were not unknown to early Jews and Christians, the poor achieved the importance they did primarily because they were throught to be "living altars", a place to make a sacrifice, a loan to God that he, as the ultimate guarantor, could be trusted to repay in turn. Contrary to the assertions of Reformation and modern critiques, belief in a heavenly treasury was not just about self-interest. Sifting through biblical and postbiblical texts, Anderson shows how charity affirms the goodness of the created order; the world was created through charity and therefore rewards it.
Zakât in pre-colonial sub-Saharan Africa : a tentative survey. Part two
Charity : the place of the poor in the Biblical tradition
Zakât in pre-colonial Sub-Saharan Africa : a tentative survey: part two
Obligatory almsgiving : an inquiry into Zakāt in the pre-colonial Bilād al-Sūdān
