http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18749 light art
light art
Lightbook : the practice of lighting design
Èvolûciâ obraza : svet, zvuk, material : Sergej Bugaev (Afrika), Tommi Grënlund, Petteri Nisunen = The evolution of image : light, sound and material : Sergei Bugaev (Afrika), Tommi Grönlund, Petteri Nisunen
Secret flowers
Erotic photography
Public:art:space : a decade of Public Art Commissions Agency, 1987-1997
Lumia : Thomas Wilfred and the story of light art
The fundamentals of creative photography
Eldred : the Nelson Gallery and Atkins Museum, [Kansas City, Missouri, 19?]
Antonakos : neons for the University of Massachusetts : University Gallery, University of Massachusetts at Amherst, April 8 - June 4, 1988
Designing with light : public places : lighting solutions for exhibitions, museums and historic places
Keith Sonnier : neon : [Hirshhorn Museum and Sculpture Garden], August 2 - October 29, 1989
Forces of light ; Valon voimat ; Ljusets krafter
The art of light + space
The new let there be neon : from the editors of signs of the times magazine
Dimensio Seminary at Hässelby
Abstract.
Keith Sonnier : Werke / works
Painting with light : light art performance photography
A business school turned art gallery : a documentation of Lichtwechsel - change of light - ljusväxling NUROPE XII
Sacred places : a journey among the tourist scenes of the world = Pyhät paikat : matka turismin näyttämöille
Hanna Haaslahti : Vilpittömiä valheita : projisointeja museotilassa : Sinebrychoffin taidemuseo = Uppriktiga lögner : projektioner i museet : Konstmuseet Sinebrychoff = Sincere lies : projections in a museum space : Sinebrychoff Art Museum, Helsinki, 26.9
Sign gallery : from the editors of Signs of The Times magazine
Japanese photography today and its origin
Design in context : From craft to design, the age of machines, the modern style , art and industry, the new internationalism, the second industrial age
Dimensio 1972 - 1982 : Helsingin Taidehalli = Helsingfors Konsthall, 27.11. - 19.12.1982 / toimitus = editorial committee C-J af Forselles, Jorma Hautala, Sakari Laitinen
Doug + Mike Starn : gravity of light
James Turrell : the Wolfsburg project : [anlässlich der Ausstellung James Turrell. The Wolfsburg Project Kunstmuseum Wolfsburg 24. Oktober 2009 bis 5. April 2010]
Summer of love : psychedelic art, social crisis and counterculture in the 1960s : [summer of love : art of the psychedelic era : Tate Liverpool 27 May - 25 September 2005, Schirn Kunsthalle Frankfurt 2 November 2005 - 12 February 2006, Kunsthalle Wien May / edited by Christoph Grunenberg and Jonathan Harris
Dan Flavin : installations in fluorescent light, part 2 : Scottish Arts Council , Edinburgh, 14 August - 12 September 1976
James Turrell
Reflections on urban lighting / Zenobia Razis
Saman taivaan alla : taidetta kaupungissa 1999-2000 = Under samma himmel = Under the same sky. 2, Munkkiniemi-Munksnäs 1.12.1999- 29.2.2000
Ultimate lightning design : projects by Hervé Descottes : l'Observatoire International / editor in chief: Vanessa Thaureau ; texts: Sean Weiss, Miina Matsuoka
V.I.P. : very important potraits
Deutscher Künstlerbund : 36. Jahresausstellung 1988 : Sonderausstellung Otto Piene und das CAVS : 20 Jahre Arbeit am Center for Advanced Visual Studies des Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Cambridge, Massachusetts : Badischer Kunstverein, Karlsruhe,
Elusive signs : Bruce Nauman works with light
Lichtwechsel = Change of light = Ljusväxling : ein Reisekunstbuch von Graz nach Turku über Vilnius, Riga, Tallinn und Helsinki = an art journey from Graz to Turku via Vilnius, Riga, Tallinn and Helsinki : ein Projekt
Fringe patterns : six contemporary works with scientic or metaphoric ties to the 1887 Michelson-Morley experiment : [Cleveland Center for Contemporary Art, Cleveland, OH, September 11 to October 31, 1987 : Arthur A. Houghton Jr. Gallery, the Cooper Union  / guest curator: David H. Katzive
Interaction : light, sound, motion : technology and art : Aldrich Museum of Contemporary Arts, Ridgefield, CT, May 22 through September 5, 1988
James Turrell : passageways : un film
Dan Flavin : the architecture of light
Boros collection : bunker Berlin
Light imprisoned in the belly of the whale = Lumière en prison dans le ventre de la baleine
Faces of Japan
Yukinori Yanagi : Fuji Television Gallery, September 8  - October 9, 1992
Installation art
Lumitecture : illuminating interiors for designers & architects
Light art : Targetti light art collection / curatore = curator: Amnon Barzel
Art and electronic media
ECAL : Ecole cantonale d'art de Lausanne / University of art and design Lausanne, directeur/ director: Pierre Keller : photographie / photography, Département communication visuelle / Visual communication department , responsable/ head: Pierre Fantys
Dan Flavin : a retrospective / Michael Govan and Tiffany Bell ; with an essay by Brydon E. Smith
Luminous art for the urban landscape : Washington Project for the Arts : Summer-Fall 1981 / [editing: Howard Fox and Sandra Miller]
Artifivial light : new light-based sculpture and installation art
LightsOrot : essays and catalog of an exhibition at the Yeshiva University Museum in New York City, January 31, 1988 - December 31, 1988 / by the Center for Advanced Visual Studies, Massachusetts Institute of Technology ; Mel Alexenberg, Otto Piene ; [editors: William Seaman, Ellen Sebring]
Dance Production: Design and Technology introduces you to the skills you need to plan, design, and execute the technical aspects of a dance production. While it may not seem that staging a dance production is that different from a play or musical, in reality a dance performance offers up unique intricacies and challenges all its own, from scenery that accommodates choreography, to lighting design that sculpts the body, and costumes that complement movement. This unique book approaches the process of staging a dance production from a balanced perspective, making it an essential resource for dancers and designers alike. Covering a broad range of topics, author Jeromy Hopgood takes the reader through the process of producing dance from start to finish - including pre-production planning (collaboration, production process, personnel, performance spaces), design disciplines (lighting, sound, scenery, costumes, projections), stage management, and more. Bridging the gap between theatrical and dance design, the book includes a quick reference guide for theatrical and dance terminology, useful in giving dancers and designers a common working vocabulary that will ensure productive communication across the different fields.
A fascinating offshoot of minimalism, Light and Space art emerged in California in the 1970s and continues to be influential today. 'Another minimalism' traces the growth and development of the school, with its interest in site-specific installation, color, immateriality, and situationist and participatory art--all in all a very different kind of minimalism from the austere, mathematical abstractions that the term usually calls to mind. Looking at the work of major contemporary artists like Tacita Dean, Olafur Eliasson, Carol Bove, and Spencer Finch, Feldman rewrites the story of minimalism's impact on later artists, revealing the powerful but largely unrecognized influence of West Coast artists like Robert Irwin, James Turrell, and Maria Nordman. Richly illustrated, 'Another minimalism' offers a convincing new angle on the work and legacy of key twentieth-century artists. Exhibition: Fruitmarket Gallery, Edinburgh, UK (13.11.2015-20.02.2016)
Commercial sign techniques : step-by-step
Light shadow : a study of the effects of light and colour on our emotions and its application in lightning design
Light and lighting
Bruce Nauman : the true artist
Ingo Maurer : pasión por la luz : passion for light. [Biography]
Saman taivaan alla  : taidetta kaupungissa 1999-2000 = Under samma himmel = Under the same sky : 3 : Moshekwa Langa, Ugo Rondinone, Nina Roos, Sophie Tottie : Vuosaari  = Nordsjö, 1.3. - 31.5.2000 / [Kiasma, Nykytaiteen museo = Kiasma, Museet för Nutidskonst = Kiasma, Museum of Contemporary Art ; luettelo = katalog = catalogue: Jari-Pekka Vanhala]
Neon principles : the art of shaping light with neon
On performing lights
Peter Sedgley : paintings, objects, installations 1963-1980 / text by Cyril Barrett
Jenny Holzer : die Macht des Wortes = I can't tell you : Xenon for Duisburg / herausgegeben von = edited by Söke Dinkla mit = with Abigail Guay
Thorbjørn Lausten : lightworks, drawings : Edinburgh College of Art, 7.3. - 28.3.1992
The great themes
LumaLuma : light and sound in Danish and Finnish contemporary art : Nordjyllands Kunstmuseum, Aalborg, October 14,  2000 - January 7, 2001 : Roundhouse, Salo Art Museum, February 2 - March 18, 2001 / [exhibition and catalogue: Anne Lie Stokbro, Nina Hobolth, Taina Myllyharju]
Bullet proof ... I wish I was : the lighting & stage design of Andi Watson
Mischa Kuball : --in progress ; Projekte = projects 1980-2007
James Turrell : the Wolfsburg Project : Kunstmuseum Wolfsburg, 24.10.2009 - 5. 4.2010 / mit einem Essay von = with an essay by Peter Weber ; und Beiträgen von = and contributions by Richard Andrews ... [et al.]
Automated lighting : the art and science of moving light in theatre, live performance, broadcast, and entertainment
Arts of wonder : enchanting secularity : Walter de Maria, Diller + Scofidio. James Turrell, Andy Goldsworthy
Art of the electronic age
Saman taivaan alla  : taidetta kaupungissa 1999-2000 = Under samma himmel = Under the same sky : 2 : Rósa El-Hassan, Ayse Erkmen, Maurice O'Connell, Timo Vartiainen : Munkkiniemi = Munksnäs, 1.12.1999 - 29.2.2000 / [Kiasma, Nykytaiteen museo = Kiasma, Museet för Nutidskonst = Kiasma, Museum of Contemporary Art ; luettelo = katalog = catalogue: Maria Hirvi]
Valon voimasta = Of the power of light
[Elle-Mie Ejdrup Hansen : the line, the light :  peacesculpture : Herning art Museum, 4.5.1995] / Hanne Andersen
Lighting
Sounds and voices
Light art from artificial light : light as a medium in 20th and 21th century art = Lichtkunst aus Kunstlicht : Licht als Medium der Kunst im 20. und 21. Jahrhundert
The magic of neon
Sky art : interactive video disc : travelling exhibition, [1984] / Center for Advanced Visual Studies, Massachusetts Institute of Technology ; [editors Otto Piene, Elizabeth Goldring]
The sign user's guide : a marketing aid
Mirjana Vodopija : Moderna Galerija Rijeka = Museum of Modern Art, Rijeka , 18. 12. 1997 - 11.1. 1998
Annikki Luukela : 8.11. - 7.12.1986, Amos Andersonin taidemuseo = Amos Andersons konstmuseum = Amos Anderson Museum of Art / Amos Andersonin taidemuseo
Dance production : design and technology
Saman taivaan alla  :  taidetta kaupungissa 1999-2000 =  Under samma himmel =  Under the same sky : 1 : Jes Brinch & Henrik Plenge Jacobsen, Minna Heikinaho, Bill Viola, Maaria Wirkkala : Kallio  = Berghäll, 1.9.-30.11.1999 / [Kiasma, Nykytaiteen museo = Kiasma, Museet för Nutidskonst = Kiasma, Museum of Contemporary Art ; luettelo = katalog = catalogue: Maria Hirvi]
James Turrell : a retrospective
Retrospective exhibition held on the 10th anniversary of her death with essays by noted experts who deal with the work of the artist.
A fashion story of light and shadow
Light art : Targetti Light Art Collection
Light show
Site analysis interpreting the past in the present real art educational co-operation in virtual reality
Göklere yazı yazma sanatı mahya = The art of writing on the sky mahya
Ingo Maurer : pasión por la luz : passion for light
Installation art in close-up
Dimensio Seminary at Hässelby / C-J af Forselles
Lichtweg = Lightway
Kangastus : holografiataiteen näyttely = Mirage : exhibition of holographic art : [Rauman taidemuseo, 9.10. - 5.12.1999 : Veturitalli - Salon kaupungin taidemuseo, 14.1. - 12.3.2000 : Mikkelin taidemuseo,  24.3. -28.5.2000 : Kemin taidemuseo, 16.6. - 20.8 / [järjestäjä: Rauman taidemuseo ; toimitus Janne Koski]
Shadow takes a walk : installation : study of light, sound and space / by Tarja Ervasti and Ilkka Volanen
Vision, image, record : a cultivation of the visual field
Another minimalism : art after California light and space
Empowerment through playing : playing with roles, photos, texts, memories, cards and co-players
Dan Flavin : a retrospective
Capturing the moment
Light art from artificial light : light as a medium in 20th and 21st century art = Lichtkunst aus Kunstlicht : Licht als Medium der Kunst im 20. und 21. Jahrhundert : [ZKM/Museum of Contemporary Art Karlsruhe, 19.11.2005 - 6.8.2006] / editor = Herausgeber: Peter Weibel, Gregor Jansen
People in passage
LumaLuma : Light and Sound in Danish and Finnish Contemporary Art
Backlight 05 : 7th international photographic triennal in Tampere, Finland
Olafur Eliasson : your lighthouse : works with light 1991 - 2004
