http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18741 dance teachers
dance teachers
How to teach beginning ballet : the first three years
Dance educators in higher education have a long history of enriching the lives of others through community-based teaching, choreography, research, and service. Yet their valuable contributions to community development may not be acknowledged as legitimate scholarship by the university or other educational organizations. If you are a dance educator or student seeking to engage in public scholarship in dance and want to ensure your work receives the attention it deserves, this resource is for you. Public Scholarship in Dance is a dance-specific guide that provides examples of what others have done and suggestions for ways dance educators can evaluate their own projects or work for scholarship. Complete with research, teaching, performance, assessments, and dissemination tools, it is a total package that supports dance educators in their professional development through public scholarship and community engagement.
Vaganova : a dance journey from Petersburg to Leningrad
The art of teaching ballet : ten twentieth-century masters
The dance teacher's survival guide : teaching dance in schools from key stage 1 - key stage 3
The art & science of nurturing dancemakers : papers from the Greenhouse Effect Conference
Talk, 1982-2006 : dancers talking about dance : 15 interviews and articles from 3 decades of dance research in Amsterdam
Dance composition : a practical guide for teachers
Moving lessons : Margaret H'Doubler and the beginning of dance in American education
Dirty dancing : kuuma tanssi / directed by Emile Ardolino
A look at ballet in 50 years!. Volume 2
Martha Hill and the making of American dance
The Schulwerk. Vol. 3
A look at ballet in 50 years!. Volume 3
Rights of the child to the arts, culture and creativity : 2nd International Journal of Intercultural Arts Education Conference : post-conference book
A look at ballet in 50 years!. Volume 4
Take the lead
Musical notations for dance teachers
Fame : extended dance edition
Rights of the child to the arts, culture and creativity : 2nd International Journal of Intercultural Arts Education Conference, October 9, 2009 at the University of Helsinki : post-conference book
Ballet pedagogy : the art of teaching
Alexander Pushkin : master teacher of dance
Dancing with the enemy : my family's holocaust secret
A choreographic mind : autobodygraphical writings
Reading dance : a gathering of memoirs, reportage, criticism, profiles, interviews, and some uncategorizable extras
Singing in musical theatre : the training of singers and actors
Dirty dancing : twentieth anniversary special edition
Moving mosaic : exploring collegial collaboration as a way of indentifying and transforming the culture of dance teaching
Public scholarship in dance : teaching, choreography, research, service, and assessment for community engagement
William Forsythe and the practice of choreography: it starts from any point
A look at ballet in 50 years!. Volume 1
