http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18713 radio amateurs
radio amateurs
The radio amateur antenna handbook
The ARRL handbook for radio communications. 2010
RADIO COMMUNICATION HANDBOOK 1.
On the English terminology of amateur radio
Practical wireless : Helsinki
The ARRL handbook for radio amateurs : 1995
Radio receiver projects you can build
The ARRL Handbook for Radio Amateurs. 2002
Radio communication handbook. 2.
The ARRL handbook for radio amateurs
The ARRL handbook for radio communications. 2008
The ARRL antenna book
The ARRL handbook for radio communications 2013.
The shortwave listener's Q & A book
Build your own intelligent amateur radio transceiver
Ham radio for dummies
The radio amateur's handbook
The radio amateur's handbook : the standard manual of amateur radio communication
The ARRL UHF/Microwave : experimenter`s manual : antennas, components and design
Complete shortwave listener's handbook
The radio amateur's conversation guide : English, German, French, Italian, Spanish, Portuguese, Russian (phonetic), Japanese
The ARRL handbook for radio communications 2016
The ARRL handbook for radio amateurs. 1999 / editor R. Dean Straw
The ARRL handbook for radio communications. 2014
Passport to world band radio. 2009
ON4UN's low-band DXing : antennas, equipment and  techniques for DXcitement on 160, 80 and 40 meters
The art & skill of radio-telegraphy : a manual for learning, using, mastering and enjoying the international Morse code as a means of communication
The ARRL handbook for radio communications. 2017
The beginner's handbook of amateur radio
The ARRL handbook for radio communications
Simple, low-cost wire antennas for radio amateurs
The objective of the thesis was to help SRAL in finding out their brand image: the way the members view the league, finding their likes and dislikes. In addition, the organization's brand identity was to be researched by examining the board's and personnel's view of the organization. The theoretical framework was based on David A. Aaker's brand identity model, Jesper Kunde's Corporate Religion theory and Uche Nworah's brand image matrix. These three theories were combined and integrated into the Total brand model. The study was conducted in the form of an online questionnaire, to which a link was placed on the SRAL web pages, SRAL's Facebook profile, and on emails sent to the members, employees and the board. The overall form of the research methodology was quantitative with a few qualitative questions integrated within. The findings revealed that both the organization members at SRAL as well as the members were quite content with the visual aspects of the brand such as the logo and the web pages. Both of the respondent groups were on the same lines with SRAL's brand personality, functional benefits as well as self-expressive benefits. The most problems seemed to lie on the areas of organizational culture and emotional benefits. Communication, both between SRAL and the employees, as well as SRAL and the members, was discovered not to be sufficient in quantity and quality. The employees were not too familiar with SRAL's values and visions, and neither did they know whether they should do things a certain way, the SRAL way. The members did not feel informed and they also felt that key issues were kept secret from them. In conclusion, SRAL is to work on both internal as well as external communication. The organization needs to create a SRAL culture and make the employees aware of what exactly the organization is about, what its values and visions are, how things are done at SRAL. In addition, SRAL has to work on gaining back the trust of its members. The processes and decision-making have to be made transparent. The members also need to feel that they are heard by the organization.
THE ARRL HANDBOOK FOR RADIO AMATEURS. 2001
Amateur radio encyclopedia
Building and using baluns and ununs : practical designs for the experimenter
The ARRL handbook for the radio amateur
Latin America by radio
Low-band DXing
The ARRL handbook for radio amateurs. 1993.
Single sideband for the radio amateur
ARRL handbook for radio communications. 2007
Image and identity : brand research for the Finnish Radio Amateur League (SRAL)
The ARRL handbook for radio amateurs 1998
The ARRL handbook 2009 for radio communications
The complete shortwave listener's handbook
The Radio amateur's handbook
Listen to the world. Vol. 1, The shortwave guide
The ARRL antenna book for radio communications
The ARRL handbook for radio communications. 2015
The ARRL handbook for radio communications. 2012
The ARRL handbook for radio communications. 2011
The ARRL handbook for the radio amateur 1986
Passport to world band radio. 2008
The ARRL Handbook : for radio communications
The ARRL handbook for radio amateurs. 1992.
