http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18765 social psychologists
social psychologists
Advances in social-psychology and music education research
Human growth and development
The heart of social psychology
Now in its 16th edition, Atkinson & Hilgard's Introduction to Psychology has been fully revised and updated to reflect all recent research developments, theories and ideas, whilst also retaining all of the qualities which have established it as a leading undergraduate psychology textbook over the past five decades, including its highly accessible and engaging student-centred approach. The established author team of Susan Nolen-Hoeksema, Barbara Fredrickson and Geoffrey R. Loftus has been joined by Christel Lutz (University of Utrecht), who has helped to add a fresh European influence, and thereby create a truly international introductory textbook. The 'Cutting Edge Research' box features and 'Seeing Both Sides' essays which conclude each chapter have been fully updated and replaced throughout, using contributions from a range of experts across the globe, and really help to bring the text to life for students.
The man who shocked the world : the life and legacy of Stanley Milgram
Wolfenden's witnesses : homosexuality in postwar Britain
The structure of action
This volume examines maintaining relationships through communications through relational, contextual, and cultural variations. Topics covered include: family relationships; romantic relationships; repair after transgression; long-distance relationships; relational maintenance in organizational settings; gay/lesbian relationships; culturally-mixed couples; marriage in Russia and the United States; and maintaining relationships in Korea.
Persuade : using the seven drivers of motivation to master influence and persuasion
Social being
On social psychology : selected papers
Advances in experimental social psychology : volume 40
Encyclopedia of Adolescence
Productive love promotion via affective technology : an approach based on social psychology and philosophy
Atkinson & Hilgard's Introduction to psychology
Smoking and social interaction
Social : why our brains are wired to connect
Social worlds, personal lives : an introduction to social psychology
Introducing social psychology
The psychology of social influence
American social psychology : its origins, development, and European background
Advances in experimental social psychology : volume 43
Consumer culture, identity and well-being : the search for the "good life" and the "body perfect"
The 33 strategies of war
Advances in experimental social psychology : volume 44
The psychology of social movements
Advances in experimental social psychology. Vol. 24
The dark side of close relationships II
Skilled interpersonal communication : research, theory, and practice
Social cognition : perspectives on everyday understanding
An introduction to social constructionism
Advances in experimental social psychology : volume 48
Advances in experimental social psychology : volume 37
A leisure of one's own : a feminist perspective on women's leisure
Reconceptualising agency and childhood : new perspectives in childhood studies
Social Psychology : second edition
Presents the case for an exciting new research program in the social sciences based on the theory of recognition developed by Axel Honneth and others in recent years. The theory provides a frame for revealing new insights about conflicts and the potential of recognition theory to guide just resolutions of these conflicts is also explored.
Before we are anything else, we are feeling bodies. In fact, feelings are an important part of every experience we ever have. Feelings are not just emotions, and in practice cannot be separated from the processes of thinking and reasoning they are often assumed to simply interfere with. This book explains what feelings are and describes how they contribute to other psychological phenomena. Although feelings are often thought of as wholly private and personal, this book demonstrates that they are simultaneously social and relational. The book explains how analyses that include feelings can transform understandings of key topics related to health and illness - health beliefs, doctor-patient interactions in chronic fatigue, and madness. Some of the wider implications of this approach are also considered, both with respect to psychology and in relation to the ongoing 'affective turn' in the social sciences and humanities.
Advances in experimental social psychology : volume 45
Influence : the psychology of persuasion
Rhetoric, ideology and social psychology : essays on honour of Michael Billig
Key thinkers in psychology
Progress in applied social psychology. 2
Interpersonal evaluation of knowledge in distributed team collaboration
Invisible influence : the hidden forces that shape behavior
Advances in experimental social psychology : volume 35
Social psychology in the 80s
Advances in experimental social psychology. Vol. 34
Nonlinear Distortion in Wireless Systems: Modelling and Simulation with Matlab(r) describes the principles of modeling and simulation of nonlinear distortion in single and multichannel wireless communication systems using both deterministic and stochastic signals. Models and simulation methods of nonlinear amplifiers explain in detail how to analyze and evaluate the performance of data communication links under nonlinear amplification. The book deals with the analysis of nonlinear systems with stochastic inputs and establishes the performance metrics of communication systems with regard to nonlinearity. The relationship between nonlinear system parameters (which are model dependent) and system performance figures of merit is established when the input to the system consists of real-world communication signals. The book also addresses the problem of how to embed models of distortion in system-level simulators such as MATLAB&trade; and MATLAB Simulink&trade; where practical techniques that professionals can use immediately on their projects are presented. The book explores simulation and programming issues and provides a comprehensive reference of simulation tools for nonlinearity in wireless communication systems.
Group creativity : innovation through collaboration
Research Programme on Social Capital and Networks of Trust (SoCa) 2004-2007 : evaluation report
Handbook of the teaching of psychology
The Wolfenden Report of 1957 has long been recognized as a landmark in moves towards gay law reform. What is less well known is that the testimonials and written statements of the witnesses before the Wolfenden Committee provide by far the most complete and extensive array of perspectives we have on how homosexuality was understood in mid-twentieth century Britain. Those giving evidence, individually or through their professional associations, included a broad cross-section of official, professional and bureaucratic Britain: police chiefs, policemen, magistrates, judges, lawyers and Home Office civil servants; doctors, biologists (including Alfred Kinsey), psychiatrists, psychoanalysts and psychotherapists; prison governors, medical officers and probation officers; representatives of the churches, morality councils and progressive and ethical societies; approved school headteachers and youth organization leaders; representatives of the army, navy and air force; and a small handful of self-described but largely anonymous homosexuals. This volume presents an annotated selection of their voices.
The SAGE handbook of conflict communication
The complete social scientist : a Kurt Lewin reader
Psychological problems : the social context
The handbook of solitude : psychological perspectives on social isolation, social withdrawal, and being alone
Social psychology
Extending psychological frontiers : selected works of Leon Festinger
The lonely crowd : a study of the changing American character
Pre-acculturation among voluntary migrants
Versions of care technology
Handbook of mindfulness in education : Integrating Theory and Research into Practice
Advances in experimental social psychology : volume 47
Connected : the amazing power of social networks and how they shape our lives
Advances in experimental social psychology : volume 38
Children's health, self-care and the use of self-medication : a population-based study in Finland
Experiencing life together : a cooperative CLIL course on social psychology
Practical social pedagogy : theories, values and tools for working with children and young people
Understanding social psychology
The Wiley-Blackwell Handbook of Childhood Social Development, Second Edition presents an authoritative and up-to-date overview of research and theory concerning a child's social development from pre-school age to the onset of adolescence. * Presents the most up-to-date research and theories on childhood social development * Features chapters by an international cast of leaders in their fields * Includes comprehensive coverage of a range of disciplinary perspectives * Offers all new chapters on children and the environment, cultural influences, history of childhood, interventions, and neuro-psychological perspectives * Represents an essential resource for students and researchers of childhood social development.
Essential social psychology
Feeling bodies : embodying psychology
Advances in experimental social psychology : volume 36
Social psychology for social work and the mental health professions
Counselling skills for working with shame
Maintaining relationships through communication : relational, contextual, and cultural variations
In pursuit of silence : listening for meaning in a world of noise
Social psychology of persuasion applied to human-agent interaction
This handbook addresses the educational uses of mindfulness in schools. It summarizes the state of the science and describes current and emerging applications and challenges throughout the field. It explores mindfulness concepts in scientific, theoretical, and practical terms and examines training opportunities both as an aspect of teachers' professional development and a means to enhance students' social-emotional and academic skills. Chapters discuss mindfulness and contemplative pedagogy programs that have produced positive student outcomes, including stress relief, self-care, and improved classroom and institutional engagement. Featured topics include: * A comprehensive view of mindfulness in the modern era. * Contemplative education and the roots of resilience. * Mindfulness practice and its effect on students' social-emotional learning. * A cognitive neuroscience perspective on mindfulness in education that addresses students' academic and social skills development. * Mindfulness training for teachers and administrators. * Two universal mindfulness education programs for elementary and middle school students. The Handbook of Mindfulness in Education is a must-have resource for researchers, graduate students, clinicians, and practitioners in psychology, psychiatry, education, and medicine, as well as counseling, social work, and rehabilitation therapy.
The Wiley-Blackwell handbook of childhood social development
This reference work offers a comprehensive compilation of current psychological research related to the construct of solitude Explores numerous psychological perspectives on solitude, including those from developmental, neuropsychological, social, personality, and clinical psychology Examines different developmental periods across the lifespan, and across a broad range of contexts, including natural environments, college campuses, relationships, meditation, and cyberspace Includes contributions from the leading international experts in the field Covers concepts and theoretical approaches, empirical research, as well as clinical applications.
George Herbert Mead : the making of a social pragmatist
The Lonely Crowd is considered by many to be the most influential book of the twentieth century. Its now-classic analysis of the new middle class in terms of inner-directed and other-directed social character opened exciting new dimensions in our understanding of the psychological, political, and economic problems that confront the individual in contemporary American society. The 1969 abridged and revised edition of the book is now reissued with a new foreword by Todd Gitlin that explains why the book is still relevant to our own era. As accessible as it is acute, The Lonely Crowd is indispensable reading for anyone who wishes to understand American society. After half a century, this book has lost none of its capacity to make sense of how we live.Todd Gitlin Praise for the earlier editions: "One of the most penetrating and comprehensive views of the twentieth-century urban American you're likely to find.
Classic contributions to social psychology
Advances in experimental social psychology : volume 46
By regarding children as actors and conducting empirical research on children's agency, Childhood Studies have gained significant influence on a wide range of different academic disciplines. This has made agency one of the key concepts of Childhood Studies, with articles on the subject featured in handbooks and encyclopaedias. Reconceptualising Agency and Childhood is the first collection devoted to the central concept of agency in Childhood Studies. With contributions from experts in the field, the chapters cover theoretical, practical, historical, transnational and institutional dimensions of agency, rekindling discussion and introducing fundamental and contemporary sociological perspectives to the field of research. Particular attention is paid to connecting agency in the social sciences with Childhood Studies, considering both the theoretical foundations and the practice of research into agency. Empirical case studies are also explored, which focus upon child protection, schools and childcare at a variety of institutions worldwide. This book is an essential reference for students and scholars of Childhood Studies, and is also relevant to Sociology, Social Work, Education, Early Childhood Education and Care (ECEC) and Geography.
The social animal
Measures of social psychological attitudes
Litter : the remains of our culture
Readings in social psychology
Guide to imagework : imagination-based research methods
Advances in experimental social psychology : volume 39
Bandura's social cognitive theory : an introduction
The means to express conflict is through communication, and the means to manage and address conflict is also via communication. This handbook emphasises constructive conflict management from a communication perspective which places primacy in the message as the focus of conflict research and practice.
Recognition theory as social research
Social psychology : a cognitive approach
