http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18734 general jurisprudence
general jurisprudence
The scientific community and the images of legal science : an empirical survey of the paradigms in Finnish legal science
Just war tradition and the restraint of war : a moral and historical inquiry
Experience and judgment : investigations in a genealogy of logic
Law's empire
Legal norms and legal science : a critical study of Kelsen's Pure theory of law
Reason and authority : a treatise on the dynamic paradigm of legal dogmatics
Thinking without desire : a first philosophy of law
A treatise of legal philosophy and general jurisprudence. Vol. 1, The law and the right : a reappraisal of the reality that ought to be
The sociology of law : a bibliography of theoretical literature
Introduction to the science of law
Jurisprudence. 3, part 4: the scope and further subject matter of law; part 5: sources, forms, modes of growth 3
Law and the legal system
Law and legal science : an inquiry into the concepts legal rule and legal system
The ethics of legal coercion
A short history of legal thinking in the West
Justice, human nature, and political obligation
The judicial application of law
Institutions of law : an essay in legal theory
New rules of sociological method : a positive critique of interpretative sociologies
Jurisprudence for a free society : studies in law, science and policy. Volume 1
On studying the reception of legal ideas and their impact on the legal world view
Legal system and lawyers' reasonings
Justice and reverse discrimination
The doctrine of res judicata
The province and function of law : law as logic, justice and social control; a study in jurisprudence
Postmodern legal movements : law and jurisprudence at century's end
Law and the limits of freedom : a philosophical exposition of their relationship
A matter of principle
Ratio and voluntas : the tension between reason and will in law
Leviathan
Dissenting and separate opinions at the World Court
Jurisprudence. 4, part 6: application and enforcement of law; part 7: analysis of general juristic conceptions 4
The sociology of law and order
The sociology of law : classical and contemporary perspectives
Jurisprudence. 2, part 3: the nature of law 2
The economics of crime and law enforcement
Dilemmas of law in the welfare state
Just interpretations : law between ethics and politics
The spirit of the common law
The legal process from a behavioral perspective
Studies in jurisprudence : for the sixth International Congress of Comparative Law
Jurisprudence for a free society : studies in law, science and policy. Volume 2
Psychology and law : can justice survive the social sciences?
Jurisprudence. Volume 1, part 1: jurisprudence; part 2: the end of law
Form and function in a legal system : a general study
Justice, desert and rights
Distributive justice : a constructive critique of the utilitarian theory of distribution
Law and society
Legal method and the rule of law
Courts and social transformation in new democracies : an institutional voice for the poor?
The concept of a legal system : an introduction to the theory of legal system
Right actions and good persons : controversies between eudaimonistic and deontic : moral theories
The idea of law
Social justice and individual responsibility in the welfare state = Soziale Gerechtigkeit und individuelle Verantwortlichkeit im Wohlfahrtsstaat
Introduction to law and legal thinking
Law and morals : the McNair lectures, 1923, delivered at the University of North Carolina
Consequences : the impact of law and its complexity
Why grundnorm? : a treatise on the implications of Kelsen's doctrine
The qumran scrolls and legal reasoning
The general theory of law : social and philosophical problems
Positivism today
American legal realism : skepticism, reform, and the judicial process
Jurisprudence. 5, part 8: the system of law; index 5
Maxwell on the interpretation of statutes
Liberalism and the limits of justice
The law and order : an introduction to thinking about the nature of law
A sociology of jurisprudence
Outlines of lectures on jurisprudence
Blame and responsibility
Legal polycentricity : consequences of pluralism in law
Legal philosophies
The rule of law - are there any real alternatives?
Equity : A course of lectures
Hegel's conception of recognition : its origins, development and significance
Lloyd's introduction to jurisprudence
Jurisprudence. 1, part 1: jurisprudence; part 2: the end of law 1
Legal system and lawyers' reasoning
Law, contract and civil morality : a study in the philosophy of Thomas Hobbes
Contemporary perspectives on constitutional interpretation
Destiny or choice? : a study on the concept of nation
Anti-legalism : five essays in the finalistic theory of law
Hindu law and legal theory
Law and democracy
State and law in Eastern Asia
McCoubrey & White's textbook on jurisprudence
The rational as reasonable : a treatise on legal justification
Justice and reparation
Legal realism and justice
REAL : yearbook of research in English and American literature. Vol. 18, Law and literature
Man, law and modern forms of life
Legal responsibility, legal liability and the explanation of action
