http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18738 literary magazines
literary magazines
Feast of friends : Finnish science fiction and fantasy world
The writer : e-lehti
The academy : a weekly review of literature, learning, science, and art
Greenleaf-from the Quenia Country
Microfilm - a bridge from yesterday to tomorrow
The scientists : a family romance
World literature today : Helsinki
Re-covering modernism : pulps, paperbacks, and the prejudice of form
Bulgarian horizons
British literary periodicals of World War II & aftermath : a critical history
London review of books
Tales from the Clans
Locus : the magazine of the science fiction and fantasy field
Danger is my business : an illustrated history of the fabulous pulp magazines
TLS : the Times literary supplement
Twentieth century literature : a scholarly and critical journal
Philosophy and literature
Bookbird : Literature for children and young people, news from all over the world, recommendations for translation
Woman's world : a novel
Modern fiction studies
American literature : a journal of literary history, criticism and bibliography
The Times literary supplement : Helsinki
The first of three volumes charting the history of the Modernist Magazine in Britain, North America, and Europe, this collection offers the first comprehensive study of the wide and varied range of 'little magazines' which were so instrumental in introducing the new writing and ideas that came to constitute literary and artistic modernism in the UK and Ireland. In thirty-seven chapters covering over eighty magazines expert contributors investigate the inner dynamics and economic and intellectual conditions that governed the life of these fugitive but vibrant publications. We learn of the role of editors and sponsors, the relation of the arts to contemporary philosophy and politics, the effects of war and economic depression and of the survival in hard times of radical ideas and a belief in innovation. The chapters are arranged according to historical themes with accompanying contextual introductions, and include studies of the New Age, Blast, the Egoist and the Criterion, New Writing, New Verse , and Scrutiny as well as of lesser known magazines such as the Evergreen, Coterie, the Bermondsey Book, the Mask, Welsh Review, the Modern Scot, and the Bell.To return to the pages of these magazines returns us a world where the material constraints of costs and anxieties over censorship and declining readerships ran alongside the excitement of a new poem or manifesto. This collection therefore confirms the value of magazine culture to the field of modernist studies; it provides a rich and hitherto under-examined resource which both brings to light the debate and dialogue out of which modernism evolved and helps us recover the vitality and potential of that earlier discussion.
The mimesis of structures = Struktuurien mimesis
The Literary Journal as cultural witness : 1943-1993 : fifty years of Italian and Italian American rewievs : proceedings of the symposium held at SUNY Stony Brook
Documenting thousands of British poetry magazines from the last century, British Poetry Magazines 1914-2000 records the remarkable world of the 'little magazine': a world where now famous authors are first found as unknowns. Many go on to use the little magazine as a testing ground for their writing for the rest of their lives. Here is the work of T. S. Eliot, Robert, Graves, James Joyce, Laura Riding, Dylan Thomas, Samuel Beckett, Muriel Spark, Harold Pinter, Seamus Heaney, Ted Hughes, Angela Carter, Irvine Welsh and many others. Although these magazines played a key part in the lives of so many British authors, they often had small print-runs and short lives: many are now extremely rare. This book lists the holdings of key libraries where the magazines can still be found. Each entry gives the editors involved, the dates of publication, and other information (such as documented interviews with editors, and details of any published index). Thousands of descriptions outline the magazines while short essays discuss the literary trends of the day in the context of these important periodicals. A name index identifies well over 5,000 authors and artists involved in the little magazine scene; a geographical index allows readers to locate the birthplaces of magazines across the British Isles.
New York review of books : e-lehti
World literature today
Interlink : a quarterly newsletter serving American studies in Finland and educational exchange between North America and Finland
Books from Finland : contents 1976-1995
Books from Finland goes online in 2009!
Merriam-Webster's dictionary of American writers
British poetry magazines, 1914-2000 : a history and bibliography of 'little magazines'
In the orbit of the Finnish literary landscape : a century of Nuori Voima
The new courant
Books abroad
Language and literature : journal of the Poetics and Linguistics Association
Devotedly international - but always wrong : left-wing intellectuals and their orientation toward international progressive culture and literature in the 1930s and 1940s
Small is beautiful!
The New York Review of Books : Espoo
The Oxford critical and cultural history of modernist magazines. v. 2, North America 1894-1960
Shakespeare quarterly
New literary history
City lights review. Number 2
The cry of the sloth : the mostly tragic story of Andewn Whitaker being his collected, final, and absolutely complete writings
Word & image
Boundary 2.
The Times literary supplement
The Criterion : cultural politics and periodical networks in inter-war Britain
Analog : Science fiction/science fact november -89.
Chinese literature
The writer: e-lehti
The readers of Novyi Mir : coming to terms with the Stalinist past
Transformations : the story of the science-fiction magazines from 1950 to 1970
Critical inquiry
The New York Review of Books : Helsinki
Contemporary Arabic readers = Qirā'āt min al-ʻarabīyat al-muʻāṣira. 1, Newspaper Arabic
Diacritics
Books for keeps : Helsinki
City lights review. Number 1
"Pool's behind-the-scenes look at the institution of book reviewing analyzes how it works and why it often fails, describes how editors choose books for review and assign them to reviewers, examines the additional roles played by publishers, authors, and readers and contrasts traditional reviewing with newer, alternative book coverage." -- Provided by publisher.
Halabuur: wargeys-xilliyeedka suugaanta iyo dhaqanka Soomaalida = Journal of Somali literature and culture. Xirmo 2, Tr. 1 & 2, 2007 = Volume 2, Nos 1 & 2
Critical quarterly
Analog science fiction and fact : e-lehti
Essays in criticism
Parnassus reinvented
It's a man's world : men's adventure magazines, the postwar pulps
The criterion
Hus : the journal of the Åbo Akademi English Department
Theaters of madness : insane asylums and nineteenth-century American culture
Science-fiction studies
Mother earth
English language teaching journal
Faint praise : the plight of book reviewing in America
The Oxford critical and cultural history of modernist magazines. v. 1, Britain and Ireland 1880-1955
Little magazines profiles : the little magazines in Great Britain 1939-1993
The Smart set : a history and anthology
The journal "Iunost'" in Soviet Russian literature, 1955-1965
Books from Finland
First : prose and poetry by Finnish students
English studies
Our chemical hearts
American literature
Taming world literature : in honorem Jüri Talvet
The New York review of books
Women's writing online
