http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18727 collaborative learning
collaborative learning
Experience as a quality corrective in the AEC industry : with focus on experience transfer between FM and design stages
Affective and effective collaborative learning : process-oriented design studies in a teacher education context
Learning with knowledge sharing in social networks
Educational dialogues : understanding and promoting productive interaction
Abstract.
Social media and new educational models in teacher education
The Artifact Project : promoting design learning in the elementary classroom
Social media and networks as communicative acts : vulnerabilities and possibilities for the pedagogies of the future : an empirical hermeneutical study of Finnish and Greek teachers' and students' experiences
Knowledge creation in the multi-client project
Improving mathematics education : neglected topics and further research directions
Collaborating online : learning together in community
Intellectual capital in a maintenance business : developing tools for training
Collaborative knowledge construction in authentic school contexts
Learning through collaborative gaming : a process-oriented pedagogy
Work-related learning
Scripting computer-supported collaborative learning : cognitive, computational and educational perspectives
Socially shared metacognitive regulation during collaborative learning processes in student dyads and small groups
Serving the community : guidelines for setting up a service-learning program
Profound and dazzling. In their new book, Joseph E. Stiglitz and Bruce C. Greenwald study the human wish to learn and our ability to learn and so uncover the processes that relate the institutions we devise and the accompanying processes that drive the production, dissemination, and use of knowledge. The authors' analysis provides the foundations of an understanding of the progress and regress of nations. This is social science at its best. -- Partha Dasgupta, University of Cambridge.
Transcending "the impossible" : from dead end to expansive learning
Creative steps 2.0 : step by step guidelines to business idea
Creating a collaborative ESL classroom through teacher leadership : a case study in Guizhou Province, China
Learning theory and online technologies
Community education for social justice
Formative evaluation for organisational learning : a case study of the management of a process of curriculum development
Towards collaboration and joint-regulated learning in Web-based environments
Social learning towards a sustainable world : principles, perspectives, and praxis
Socially shared regulation of motivation and emotions in collaborative learning
Social media in collaborative learning in higher education :  a qualitative case study of teachers’ and students’ views
Collaborative learning : underlying processes and effective techniques
The role of technology in CSCL : studies in technology enhanced collaborative learning
Collaborative, informal learning in distributed knowledge-intensive work : organizational contingencies
Gender lessons : girls and boys negotiating learning community in Basics of Music
In search for the conceptual origin of university students' community in a confluence of on- and offline learning environments / ethnographies in technology-rich, multi-sited fields of study
Handbook of research on the learning organization : adaptation and context
"Learning Theory and Online Technology offers a powerful overview of the current state of e-learning, a foundation of its historical roots and growth, and a framework for distinguishing among the major approaches to e-learning. It effectively addresses pedagogy (how to design an effective online environment for learning), evaluation (how to know that students are learning), and history (how past research can guide successful online teaching and learning outcomes). An ideal textbook for Educational Technology Masters, PhD, and Certificate programs, readers will find Learning Theory and Online Technology provides a synthesis of the key advances in e-learning theory, the key frameworks of research, and clearly links theory and research to successful learning practice".
Gender lessons : girls and boys negotiating learning community in basics of music
Changing places? : flexibility, lifelong learning, and a learning society
Analysis of teacher impact on collaborative argumentation in pre-IB small-groups
The new learning commons where learners win! : reinventing school libraries and computer labs
In Finland, the Pedagogical Studies for Vocational Teachers include 10 credits of studies in education. Half of our  students complete them in connection with the pedagogical studies for teachers. The training consisting of distance  education has been traditionally bought from the University. Some of the students have felt that studying education  according to the university requirements has been hard for them. They would like a more practical approach to  educational studies. Our students also come from a large area in northern Finland. Therefore, an opportunity for  distance education is important for them. Tutoring has an important role in this implementation. To respond to these  challenges, we have designed a more practical implementation of the educational studies, in which the students only  have two face-to-face days. The new implementation was piloted in the autumn term 2012. The pilot succeeded very  well. Students liked to study and learnt a lot about the different areas of education. The study was continued in the  Spring 2014. Students of Education (19 )made the same pre and post-surveys like in the Pilot. Research results were  quite similar than in Pilot study.
Aspects of using mobile technology and social media in upper secondary school English education
Affective and effective collaborative learning:process-oriented design studies in a teacher education context
Technology-enhanced statistics learning experiment : a case study at upper secondary level
Learning to collaborate, collaborating to learn
Virtually face to face : enriching collaborative learning through multiplayer games
A learning community : teachers and students engaged in developing their own learning and understanding
Web-based learning through educational informatics : information science meets educational computing
Learning through community : exploring participatory practices
Designing and investigating pedagogical scripts to facilitate computer-supported collaborative learning
Issues in higher education
Serious game design : supporting collaborative learning and investigating learners' experiences
Creating a learning society : a new approach to growth, development, and social progress
Celebration of collaboration
Learning through collaborative gaming : a process-oriented pedagogy?
Interpersonal evaluation of knowledge in distributed team collaboration
What is community? How important is community in the 21st century? Where might the idea of community "fit" in education and schooling, teaching and learning? These are the questions and themes embedded in this book. The general critique is that community is an add-on in our schools and often is dismissed as a result of the individualistic and competitive nature of schooling today. Our focus is to provide critical investigations as to the possibility of community - and that we need community now more than ever! The concept of community education brings many ideas and issues to mind. Related themes include place-based, field-based, environmental, service learning, and outdoor education. Each has its own more narrow focus with community education perhaps an umbrella term than encompasses them all. Nevertheless, the suggestion here is that instead of community education serving as an extension or add-on to traditional approaches, it should be the focus of all education. What is often missing in teaching and learning are contexts and connections than make education meaningful. Community education engages participants in problem and issues-based approaches to the local community, thereby facilitating that local to global link. Instead of compartmentalized subjects, integrated approaches use what students and the community know or understand to develop further questions, solutions, or even problems. Community education offers efficacy in that it provides opportunities for collaboration in addressing local issues and problems. It enables the community to become the classroom, thus ensuring a more long-term connection to active rather than passive endeavors as citizens.
Technology-enhanced statistics learning experiment:a case study at upper secondary level
Critical documentary making : an action research to develop pedagogy for the 21st century
Managing a cooperative classroom : a practical guide for teachers
Dimensions of university student learning in medicine and pharmacy
The Collaborative turn : working together in qualitative research
Creating a community of practice for e-learning professionals
Community, economic creativity, and organization
Motivated and self-regulated learning of adult learners in a collective online environment
The making of literate societies
Collaborative learning with users as an enabler of service innovation
Metacognition in group problem solving : a quest for socially shared metacognition
Therapeutic community and community education - a client based research at
Media rich instruction : connecting curriculum to all learners
Collaborative screen capture video based learning in information systems science
Designing for contemporary technology-enhanced learning communities
How to design educational settings to promote collaborative inquiry : pedagogical infrastructures for technology-enhanced progressive inquiry
Improving working as learning
Collaborative learning, reasoning, and technology
Collaborative knowledge construction in the context of problem-based learning : exploring learning from conflicting ideas and knowledge
Specifying conditions for on-the-job-learning in vocational education
Designing communal web-based learning environments : case GLOBE project
Teachers' intelligent networks : study on relationship-based professional development supported by collaborative learning technologies
Teachers' and teacher students' conceptions of learning and creativity
Collaborative learning in higher music education
Orchestrating inquiry learning
Professional learning in the digital age : the educator's guide to user-generated learning
Theoretical and pedagogical perspectives on orchestrating creativity and collaborative learning
Collaborative learning in international teams on Technologies to Reduce the Access Barrier in  Human Computer Interaction (TrabHCI)  : Erasmus Intensive Programme
Achievement goals and cognitive learning strategies in dynamic contexts of learning
Building the learning commons : a guide for school adminitrators and learning leadership teams : a whole school approach to learning for the future
An insight into collaborative learning, with ICT : teachers' and students' perspectives
Professional orientations and competences of teachers in a school and community context : social participation in the process of community education
Metacognition in group problem solving—a quest for socially shared metacognition
Processes of collaborative learning in 3D game environment problems solving
Identity safe classrooms : places to belong and learn
Scaffolding learning activities with collaborative scripts and mobile devices
Beyond e-learning : approaches and technologies to enhance organizational knowledge, learning and performance
In higher music education, learning in social settings (orchestras, choirs, bands, chamber music and so on) is prevalent, yet understanding of such learning rests heavily on the transmission of knowledge and skill from master to apprentice. This narrow view of learning trajectories pervades in both one-to-one and one-to-many contexts. This is surprising given the growing body of knowledge about the power of collaborative learning in general, underpinned by theoretical developments in educational psychology: the social dimensions of learning, situational learning and concepts of communities of learners. Collaborative Learning in Higher Music Education seeks to respond to the challenge of becoming more conscious of the creative and multiple dimensions of social interaction in learning music, in contexts ranging from interdisciplinary projects to one-to-one tuition, and not least in the contemporary context of rapid change in the cultural industries and higher education as a whole. It brings together theoretical papers and case studies of practice. Themes covered include collaborative creativity, communities of practice, peer-learning, co-teaching as co-learning, assessment and curriculum structures. Chapters illuminate reasons for enabling collaborative learning, and provide exemplars of innovative practice and designs for collaborative learning environments in higher music education. A central purpose of the book is to scaffold change, to help in meeting the rapid changes in society and to find constructive stepping stones or signposts for teachers and students.
Educational Studies Collaboratively via Distance and Contact learning
University Students ́ Knowledge Construction during Face to Face Collaborative Writing
Building a professional learning community in a conflict and post-conflict environment : a case-study of a high school in Liberia
Notes on the developing R&D integrated learning in regional knowledge production
Rethinking collaborative learning
Emerging student team companies : studying the quality of dialogue and collaborative learning
Knowledge and practice in business and organisations
Learning in strategic supply networks : a multiple case study on learning environment, mechanisms and outcomes
Where's the learning in service-learning? / Janet Eyler, Dwight E. Giles, Jr. ; foreword by Alexander W. Astin
An insight into collaborative learning with ICT : teachers' and students' perspectives
Virtually face to face: enriching collaborative learning through multiplayer games
Group investigation, social simulations, and games as support for network-based education
Scaffolding inquiry in science education by means of computer supported collaborative learning : pupils' and teacher students' experiences
Social interaction in the context of new literacies:pedagogical potentials of publishing-oriented learner-generated video production
Innovation, learning, and communities
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
Cooperative learning in music
Design learning and well-being : 4th International Journal of Intercultural Arts Education
