http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18778 linguists
linguists
Linguistics in Britain : personal histories
Noam Chomsky : critical assessments. Vol. 2, Philosophy. Tome 1
Ferenc Fabricius-Kovács : bibliography
Lexicon grammaticorum : a bio-bibliographical companion to the history of linguistics
Barthes
A. Marshall Elliott : a retrospect
Latin linguistics and linguistic theory : proceedings of the 1st international colloquim on Latin linguistics Amsterdam, April 1981
From west to east : Kai Donner's international connections
The devil drives : a life of Sir Richard Burton
Baret, John (d. 1578), lexicographer
Oekeeta asijoo : commentationes Fenno-Ugricae in honorem Seppo Suhonen sexagenarii 16.V.1998
Pentti Aalto in His Aspect as Indologist
Interviews with M.A.K. Halliday : language turned back on himself
Stormy petrel in linguisics. Robert A. Hall
G. J. Ramstedt and Altaic lingvistics
Take Danish - for instance : linguistic studies in honour of Hans Basbøll presented on the occasion of his 60th birthday 12 July 2003
Noah Webster as etymologist
The Cambridge companion to Saussure
Roland Barthes : a biography
Noam Chomsky : a personal bibliography, 1951-1986
The Hungarian who walked to Heaven : Alexander Csoma de Koros, 1784-1842
The anti-Chomsky reader
Key thinkers in linguistics and the philosophy of language
Nicolaas van Wijk (1880-1941) : Slavist, linguist, philanthropist
Between worlds : interpreters, guides, and survivors
Bibliographic celebration of Uralic studies in the United States
Ex Philologia Lux : essays in honour of Leena Kahlas-Tarkka
Variation past and present : VARIENG studies on English for Terttu Nevalainen
The history of linguistics in the Nordic countries
From the early days of Finnish Indology : II. Herman Kellgren
Bibliography of the publications of Juha Janhunen
Thomas A. Sebeok : a bibliography of his writings 1942-2000
Postcards, implicitness, contructions : 14.10.2001
Edward Sapir : appraisals of his life and work
Noam Chomsky : critical assessments. Vol. 1, Linguistics. Tome 2
The paribhāṣās arthavadgrahaṇe nānarthakasya, lakṣaṇapratipadoktayoḥ pratipadoktasyaiva grahaṇam and ekadeśavikṛtam ananyavat : studies on some metarules in Pāṇinian system
Linguistics in the light of citation analysis
Just a phrase I'm going through : my life in language
Typological and historical studies in language by Mikko Korhonen : a memorial volume published on the 60th anniversary of his birth
G. A. Wallin's contributions to the study of Arabic dialects
Studies in Baltic and Indo-European linguistics : in honor of William R. Schmalstieg
Tähendusepüüdja : pühendusteos professor Haldur Õimu 60. sünnipäevaks 22. jaanuaril 2002 = Catcher of the meaning : festschrift for Professor Haldur Õim on the occasion of his 60th birthday
Andrei Petrovich Dulzon bibliography
Juha Janhunen - a biographical sketch
William Dwight Whitney and the science of language
Noam Chomsky : a life of dissent
First person singular 2 : autobiographies by North American scholars in the language sciences
A tribute to Roman Jakobson 1896-1982
I am a linguist
From the Tana River to Lake Chad : research in African oratures and literatures : in memoriam Thomas Geider
'Orientalist Jones' : Sir William Jones, poet, lawyer, and linguist, 1746-1794
Comments on contradictions in the life and work of Kr. P. Misirkov
Florilegia Altaistica : studies in honour of Denis Sinor on the occasion of his 90th birthday
A major new critical biography of Sir William Jones (1746-94), the foremost Orientalist of his generation and one of the greatest intellectual navigators of all time, whose Sanskrit researches did more than any other writer to destroy Eurocentric prejudice, reshaping Western perceptions of India and the Orient.
Text i arbete : festskrift till Britt-Louise Gunnarsson den 12 januari 2005 = Text at work = essays in honour of Britt-Louise Gunnarsson 12 january 2005
Words in reflection : modern language theory and postmodern fiction
Caught in the web of words : James A. H. Murray and the Oxford English dictionary
Russian winter
The linguist in the field : Kai Donner's collections from Siberian languages
S lûbov'û k slovu : Festschrift in honour of professor Arto Mustajoki on the occasion of his 60th birthday
Vidyārṇavavandanam : essays in Honour of Asko Parpola
Manufacturing consent : Noam Chomsky and the media : the companion book to the award-winning film by Peter Wintonic and Mark Achbar
Grammar and grammarians in the early Middle Ages
Noam Chomsky : critical assessments. Vol. 1, Linguistics. Tome 1
Hungarian hermit of the Himalaya : the life of Sándor Körösi Csoma against a contemporary historical and geographical backdrop
Ancient scholarship and grammar : archetypes, concepts and contexts
John Palsgrave as Renaissance linguist : a pioneer in vernacular language description
Biliktu Bakshi : the Knowledgeable Teacher
The last man who knew everything : Thomas Young, the anonymous polymath who proved Newton wrong, explained how we see, cured the sick, and deciphered the Rosetta Stone among other feats of genius
Statistics for Linguists : A Step-by-Step Guide for Novices
Bushmen in a Victorian world : the remarkable story of the Bleek-Lloyd collection of Bushmen folklore
Speech past and present : studies in English dialectology in memory of Ossi Ihalainen
Who was A. Sprogis?
The discovery of language : linguistic science in the nineteenth century
Exact methods in the study of language and text : dedicated to  Gabriel Altmann on the occasion of his 75th birthday
Holyoake, Francis (1566x73-1653), Church of England clergyman and lexicographer
Elias Lönnrot (1802-1884) : creator of the Kalevala, professor of language, medical doctor
Universal index of biographical names in the language sciences
Felix J. Oinas : bibliography [1935-1979]
Abstract.
The telling
The life and times of Vuk Stefanović Karadžić, 1787-1864 : literacy, literature, and national independence in Serbia
Felix J. Oinas : bibliography [1951-1976] : (after immigrating to the U.S. in 1949)
Concise history of the language sciences : from the Sumerians to the cognitivists
Thomas A. Sebeok : a bibliography of his writings 1942-1978. Books and papers
Noam Chomsky : critical assessments. Vol. 2, Philosophy. Tome 2
William Dwight Whitney's impact on European and American linguistics
Inquiries into words, constraints and contexts : Festschrift in the honour of Kimmo Koskenniemi on his 60th birthday
Helmut Hoffmann bibliography
John Buridan and beyond : topics in the language sciences, 1300-1700
Scholar and activist : Kai Donner's life and work
Toivo Viljamaa : teacher, scholar, collague, and friend
Felix Johannes Oinas : bibliography
Motion, direction and location in languages : in honor of Zygmunt Frajzyngier
Roman Jakobson : a bibliography of his writings
Sir Aurel Stein bibliography 1885-1943
Huloet [Howlet], Richard (fl. 1552), lexicographer
The Nordic languages and modern linguistics. 2, Proceedings of the second International Conference of Nordic and General Linguistics, University of Umeå, June 14-19, 1973
