http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18777 part-time teachers
part-time teachers
Better behaviour in classrooms : a framework for inclusive behaviour management
Practical tips for teaching assistants
Teacher Language and Student Learning enables teachers to observe their actions and ask, "Do I know how children perceive my behaviors?" It also helps them to understand reasons for children's responses to their words and actions. Teachers' behaviors are categorized in vignettes, and readers determine where they fit and what changes ought to be made for their teaching practices to be more effective.
Studio-based instrumental learning
Good job! - giving positive feedback in EFL lessons : comparison of primary and secondary school
Handbook of classroom management : research, practice, and contemporary issues
Seven constructivist methods for the secondary classroom : a planning guide for invisible teaching
The organized teacher's guide to your first year of teaching
Change in teaching and learning
Defusing disruptive behavior in the classroom
Essential teaching skills
Intensity of interaction in instrumental music lessons
What makes a good primary school teacher? : expert classroom strategies
An interpersonal approach to classroom management : strategies for improving student engagement
Teaching assistant's handbook
The child at school : interactions with peers and teachers
Visible learning and the science of how we learn
Offers advice for the first year of teaching, covering lesson planning, field trips, behavior management, book selections, supplies, staff meetings, and other related topics and includes a CD-ROM with ready-to-use documents.
Exploring classroom discourse : language in action
Oral errors, corrective feedback and learner uptake in an EFL setting
Improving teaching and learning in physical education
Effective mathematics teaching from teachers' perspectives : national and cross-national studies
Words matter : teacher language and student learning
The teachers' standards in primary schools : understanding & evidencing effective practice
"Meeting the criteria set out in the Teachers' Standards is essential for all trainee teachers, but translating it into classroom practice isn't always easy. Supported by practical classroom examples, this book helps teacher trainees to develop critically reflective perspectives on their practice and provides guidance on how professionalism can be demonstrated and evidenced in primary classrooms. Key coverage includes: Effective teaching and learning and what it means to be a learner ; Planning and assessment for successful teaching ; Meeting the needs of all children ; Behaviour management ; Professional responsibilities ; The role of subject and pedagogical knowledge. This is essential reading for all students on primary initial teacher education courses including university-based (PGCE, BEd, BA with QTS), and schools-based (School Direct, SCITT) routes into teaching."--Back cover.
Humor in classroom
Teachers and assistants working together
"Now in this latest book, John Hattie has joined forces with cognitive psychologist Greg Yates to build on the original data and legacy of the Visible Learning project, showing how it's underlying ideas and the cutting edge of cognitive science can form a powerful and complimentary framework for shaping learning in the classroom and beyond. Visible Learning and the Science of Learning explains the major principles and strategies of learning, outlining why it can be so hard sometimes, and yet easy on other occasions. Aimed at teachers and students, it is written in an accessible and engaging style and can be read cover to cover, or used on a chapter-by-chapter basis for essay writing or staff development. The book is structured in three parts - 'learning within classrooms', 'learning foundations', which explains the cognitive building blocks of knowledge acquisition and 'know thyself' which explores, confidence and self-knowledge. It also features extensive interactive appendices containing study guide questions to encourage critical thinking, annotated bibliographic entries with recommendations for further reading, links to relevant websites and YouTube clips, and the meta-analyses from the original Visible Learning project by rank order. Throughout, the authors draw upon the latest international research into how the learning process works and how to maximise impact on students, covering such topics as: - teacher personality; - expertise and teacher-student relationships; - how knowledge is stored and the impact of cognitive load; - thinking fast and thinking slow; - the psychology of self-control; - the role of conversation at school and at home; - invisible gorillas and the IKEA effect; - digital native theory; - myths and fallacies about how people learn"--
Managing the adolescent classroom : lessons from outstanding teachers
Preparing to teach : an introduction to effective teaching in higher education : interesting ways to teach
Several topics in contemporary educational research in Estonia have been covered in this collection. The professional identities of vocational teachers have been studied in relation to their new professional roles. Important differences in lesson planning have been found between novice and experienced teachers. A longitudinal study of the development of language competence revealed that it is important to provide students with tasks suited to their cognitive level. The metacognitive learning strategy summarizing alone explained 33 per cent of the variation in the reading results of the 2009 PISA study between schools in Estonia. Student argumentation in state exam compositions showed differences on the basis of gender and school type.
Learning teaching : a guidebook for English language teachers
