http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18743 camp (styles)
camp (styles)
Soviet fates and lost alternatives : from Stalinism to the new Cold War
Poolboy : drowning out the fury
The last days of the Jerusalem of Lithuania : chronicles from the Vilna ghetto and the camps, 1939-1944
The experience of border crossing for refugees and irregular migrants challenges global border and migration controls in multiple contexts. Using qualitative field research in Tanzania, Spain, Morocco and Australia, Heather L. Johnson asks how a global regime of migration management and control can be perceived through the dynamics of particular border spaces: refugee camps, border zones and detention centres. She explores how irregular migrants are impacted by the increasingly security-oriented practices of border control, and how they confront these practices. Johnson rejects the characterization of border spaces as exceptional, abject and exclusionary, arguing instead for an understanding of politics as everyday contestation that reveals a radical political agency, re-imagining the global non-citizen as a transgressive and powerful figure. Building on recent scholarship that rethinks irregularity and non-citizenship, her conclusions have broad implications for how we understand irregular migration from a position of dialogue and solidarity.
Auschwitz : contemporary Jewish and Christian encounters
An inside story : African art of our time : [Setagaya Art Museum, Tokyo, 23 September - 19 November 1995 : The Tokushima Modern Art Museum, 20 January - 17 March 1996 : Himeji City Museum of Art, 6 April - 6 May 1996 : Koriyama City Museum of Art, 18 May  / [edited by Yukiya Kawaguchi ...[et al.]
Bespectacular and over the top : on the genealogy of lesbian camp
Science fiction voices : interviews with science fiction writers. 1, Featuring ... Theodore Sturgeon, Alfred Bester, Frederik Pohl, James Gunn, Fritz Leiber, Hal Clement, L. Sprague de Camp
Service value chain in AAVA Camp business model : case study AAVA Camp Finland
Maintaining noyes: on translation of the 'Other' in Timothy Findley's Not wanted on the Voyage
Witness to Jasenovac's hell
The drowned and the saved
Children's drawings from the concentration camp of Terezín
The United States Holocaust Memorial Museum encyclopedia of camps and ghettos, 1933-1945. Vol. 2, Ghettos in German-occupied Eastern Europe
The archaeology of war has revealed evidence of bravery, sacrifice, heroism, cowardice, and atrocities. Mostly absent from these narratives of victory and defeat, however, are the experiences of prisoners of war, despite what these can teach us about cruelty, ingenuity, and human adaptability. The international array of case studies in Prisoners of War restores this hidden past through case studies of PoW camps of the Napoleonic era, the American Civil War, and both World Wars. These bring to light wide variations in historical and cultural details, excavation and investigative methods used, items found and their interpretation, and their contributions to archaeology, history and heritage. Illustrated with diagrams, period photographs, and historical quotations, these chapters vividly reveal challenges and opportunities for researchers and heritage managers, and revisit powerful ethical questions that persist to this day. Notorious and lesser-known aspects of PoW experiences that are addressed include:   Designing and operating an 18th-century British PoW camp. Life and death at Confederate and Union American Civil War PoW camps. The role of possessions in coping strategies during World War I. The archaeology of the ‘Great Escape’ Experiencing and negotiating space at civilian internment camps in Germany and Allied PoW camps in Normandy in World War II. The role of archaeology in the memorial process, in America, Norway, Germany and France Graffiti, decorative ponds, illicit saké drinking, and family life  at Japanese American camps   As one of the first book-length examinations of this fascinating multidisciplinary topic, Prisoners of War merits serious attention from historians, social justice researchers and activists, archaeologists, and anthropologists.
None of us will return
Auschwitz and afterimages : abjection, witnessing, and representation
Approaches to Auschwitz : the Holocaust and its legacy
Dachau and the SS : a schooling in violence
Mengele : the complete story
Four more whistles
Spaniards in the Holocaust : Mauthausen, the horror on the Danube
Las Vegas-on-the-Rez : the healing Trickster camp of Tomson Highway
Distance from the Belsen heap : Allied forces and the liberation of a Nazi concentration camp
The Camp David peace process : a study of Carter administration policies (1977-1980)
Woodall's North American campground directory 2012.
Escape from hell : the true story of the Auschwitz protocol
The Jewish women of Ravensbrück Concentration Camp
Cheap sleeps Europe
Moments of reprieve
If this is a man : and, The truce
Images of rupture between East and West : the perception of Auschwitz and Hiroshima in Eastern European arts and media
A barbed wire refrain : an adventure in the shadow of the world
The Peek-a-boos in camp
The informed heart
The fag end
Woman from Shanghai : tales of survival from a Chinese labor camp
Youth in chains
A study of international work camp volunteers' attitudes and experiences of English as a lingua franca
Litomerice, Terezín : places of suffering and braveness
List of barracks, camps, &c., in the United Kingdom : showing the nearest or most convenient railway stations to which troops, stores, &c., should be despatched
The art and craft of beauty
When the emperor was divine : a novel
John M. Camp, The Archaeology of Athens
...I never saw another butterfly... / : children's drawings and poems from Theresienstadt Concentration Camp, 1942-1944
Scum of the earth
The United States Holocaust Memorial Museum encyclopedia of camps and ghettos, 1933-1945. Vol. 1, Early camps, youth camps, and concentration camps and subcamps under the SS-Business Administration Main Office (WVHA)
Talent screening by background survey in FIHA Huippu Pohjola camp 2011
The Frankfurt Auschwitz trial, 1963-65 : genocide, history and the limits of the law
The Auschwitz album : the story of a transport
The crosses of Auschwitz : nationalism and religion in post-communist Poland
Forest of the gods : memoirs
A world apart by Gustaw Herling
Landscapes of the metropolis of death : reflections on memory and imagination
Offers information about the universe of camps, sub-camps, and ghettos operated by the Nazis. This title covers 3 groups of camps: the early camps established in the Hitler's rule, the major concentration camps with their constellations of sub-camps that operated under the control of the SS-Business Administration Main Office, and youth camps.
Moonless night : the World War Two escape epic
Borders, Asylum and Global Non-Citizenship : The Other Side of the Fence
The grapes of wrath
Distinctively coauthored by a Christian scholar and a Jewish scholar, this monumental, interdisciplinary study explores the various ways in which the Holocaust has been studied and assesses its continuing significance. The authors develop an analysis of the Holocaust's historical roots, its shattering impact on human civilization, and its decisive importance in determining the fate of the world. This revised edition takes into account developments in Holocaust studies since the first edition was published. -- Review: "Approaches to Auschwitz is brilliant in its pedagogy, authoritative in its understanding, and bold in its impact. It ranks as an original work of scholarship and among the finest--if not the finest--of the texts that professors can choose for their class."
Against interpretation and other essays
The Terezín ghetto
The liberation of the camps : the end of the Holocaust and its aftermath
Auschwitz : Nazi extermination camp
Kitsch! : cultural politics and taste
Helga's diary : a young girl's account of life in a concentration camp
In Ruhleben : letters from a prisoner to his mother : with an account of the "university" life, classes, sports, food, accommodation, etc., of the internment camp of British prisoners
Art, music, and education as strategies for survival : Theresienstadt, 1941-45
The culture of exception : sociology facing the camp
The economic consequences of the Camp David agreements
Rena's promise : a story of sisters in Auschwitz
Four whistles
"SS Kommandant Rudolph Höss (1900-1947) was history's greatest mass murderer, personally supervising the extermination of approximately two million people, mostly Jews, at the death camp in Auschwitz, Poland. Death Dealer is a new, unexpurgated translation of Höss's autobiography, written before, during, and after his trial. This edition includes rare photos, the minutes of the Wannsee Conference (where the Final Solution was decided and coordinated), original diagrams of the camps, a detailed chronology of important events at Auschwitz-Birkenau, Höss's final letters to his family, and a new foreword by Auschwitz survivor Primo Levi. Death Dealer stands as one of the most important (and chilling) documents of the Holocaust." --Publisher description.
The case for Auschwitz : evidence from the Irving trial
Hell before their very eyes : American soldiers liberate concentration camps in Germany, April 1945
The futile fusilier
Women, armies, and warfare in early modern Europe
Belsen : the liberation of a concentration camp
Perspectives on photography : essays on the work of Du Camp, Dancer, Robinson, Stieglitz, Strand and Smithers ..
Primo Levi : tragedy of an optimist
German prisoners in Great Britain
The Gulag archipelago, 1918-1956 : an experiment in literary investigation, I-II
Death dealer : the memoirs of the SS Kommandant at Auschwitz
"An unprecedented international publishing event: the first and only diary written by a still-imprisoned Guantánamo detainee. Since 2002, Mohamedou Slahi has been imprisoned at the detainee camp at Guantánamo Bay, Cuba. In all these years, the United States has never charged him with a crime. Although he was ordered released by a federal judge, the U.S. government fought that decision, and there is no sign that the United States plans to let him go. Three years into his captivity Slahi began a diary, recounting his life before he disappeared into U.S. custody and daily life as a detainee. His diary is not merely a vivid record of a miscarriage of justice, but a deeply personal memoir--terrifying, darkly humorous, and surprisingly gracious. Published now for the first time, GUANTÁNAMO DIARY is a document of immense historical importance"--
The Frankfurt Auschwitz trial was the largest, most public, and most important trial of Holocaust perpetrators conducted in West German courts. Drawing on a wide range of archival sources, Devin O. Pendas provides a comprehensive history of this momentous event. Situating the trial in a thorough analysis of West German criminal law, the book argues that in confronting systematic, state-sponsored genocide, the Frankfurt court ran up against the limits of law. Because many of the key categories of German criminal law were defined with direct reference to the specific motives of the defendants, the trial was unable to adequately grasp the deep social roots and systematic character of Nazi genocide. Much of the trial's significance came from the vast public attention it captured, and this book provides a compelling account of the divided response to the trial among the West German public.
A theology of Auschwitz
Ruhleben, a prison camp society
Auschwitz : Nazi Extermination Camp
Clifford's blues
The female face of God in Auschwitz : a Jewish feminist theology of the Holocaust
Caravan & camping in Europe 2004.
The Children's House of Belsen
Survival in Auschwitz : the Nazi assault on humanity
Biographies : Philadelphia narratives : Institute of Contemporary Art University of Pennsylvania, Philadelphia, March 19 - April 25, 1999 : Freedman Gallery, Albright College, Reading, Pennsylvania, November 12 - December 17, 1999
Art and laughter
Concentration camps in Nazi Germany : the new histories
Refugees in our own land : chronicles from a Palestinian refugee camp in Bethlehem
If this is a man
Otsuka's commanding debut novel paints a portrait of the Japanese internment camps unlike any previously written--a haunting evocation of a family in wartime and an unmistakably resonant lesson for our times.
Prisoners of War : Archaeology, Memory, and Heritage of 19th- and 20th-Century Mass Internment
Thirteen days in September : Carter, Begin, and Sadat at Camp David
With his hallmark insight into the forces at play in the Middle East and his acclaimed journalistic skill, Lawrence Wright takes us through each of the thirteen days of the Camp David conference, delving deeply into the issues and enmities between the two nations, explaining the relevant background to the conflict and to all the major participants at the conference, from the three heads of state to their mostly well-known seconds working furiously behind the scenes.
Ghost towns of the Southwest : your guide to the historic mining camps & ghost towns of Arizona and New Mexico
The informed heart : autonomy in a mass age
If this is a man : The truce
From day to day : one man's diary of survival in Nazi concentration camps
The Hotel Tacloban
Milena : the tragic story of Kafka's great love
Camps : a guide to 21st-century space
Treblinka : a survivor's memory, 1942-1943
Arm with tattooed number
Nationalism, case and crisis in missions : German missions in British India, 1939-1946
Charlotte: life or theater? : an autobiographical play by Charlotte Salomon
A literary analysis of Charlotte Delbo's concentration camp re-presentation
Man and the milieu : ecocritical analysis of Ernest Hemingway's "Big Two-Hearted River" and "Indian Camp"
Treblinka : a survivor's memory 1942-1943
Palestinian refugees : identity, space and place in the Levant
Auschwitz : a history
Gulag town, company town : forced labor and its legacy in Vorkuta
In 1941, in Berlin, Helga Schneideras mother abandoned her along with her father and younger brother. Let Me Go recounts Helgas final meeting with her ailing mother in a Vienna nursing home some sixty years after World War II, in which Helga confronts a nightmare: her mother as lack of repentance about her past as a Nazi SS guard at concentration camps, including Auschwitz, where she was responsible for untold acts of torture. With spellbinding detail, Schneider recalls their conversation, evoking her own struggle between a daughter as sense of obligation and the inescapable horror of her motheras deeds.
Chil Rajchman, a Polish Jew, was twenty-eight years old when he was arrested in October 1942 and sent to Treblinka, a death camp where more than 750,000 Jews were murdered before it was abandoned by German soldiers. This is an unembellished and exact record of the raw horror he endured every day in the camp.
Good and evil after Auschwitz : ethical implications for today
Molecular basis of L-DOPA-induced dyskinesia : studies on striatal signaling
The First guidebook to prisons and concentration camps of the Soviet Union
Habeas corpus after 9/11 : confronting America's new global detention system
Anatomy of the Auschwitz death camp
Memento : No. 2 Company of the Twenty-third Officer Cadet Battalion, "C" Lines, Hipswell Camp, Catterick, June to December 1918.
Serbian myth about Jasenovac
A collection of drawings and poems done by the children in a Nazi concentration camp, expressing their thoughts and feelings about life as it was for them.
Oświęcim w fotografii artystycznej = Auschwitz in artistic photography = Ausshwitz dans la phtographie artistique = Auschwitz in der Kunstphotographie
