http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p187 distribution of electricity
distribution of electricity
Design and implementation of partial discharge measurement sensors for on-line condition assessment of power distribution system components
Applied mathematics for restructured electric power systems : optimization, control, and computational intelligence
Signal processing of power quality disturbances
The advanced system for the distribution of electrical energy used in Finland
Aspects of electricity distribution in developing countries
Electric power distribution, automation, protection, and control
Aspects of electric vehicles and demand response in electricity grids
The building level substation : the innovation of district heating system
Improvement in the quality of delivery of electrical energy using power electronics systems
Modelling of changes in electricity end-use and their impacts on electricity distribution
Power system state estimation
The purpose of this thesis was to form alternative strategies for electricity distribution network reinvestments and evaluate these from Vattenfall Networks Finland's perspective. The objective was to ease the investment decisions and make a framework for the decision making. The final selection of the strategy was not the scope of this thesis. The driver for making this study was all the time increasing need to raise investment level due to the fact that most of the Finnish networks are built after the war in 1950's to 1970's. Vattenfall Networks has already made decisions that all the new networks will be underground so the way to build is clear, now it is only carrying out construction work in the proper order and time. The approach was using the common strategic tools, such as PESTLIED, SWOT and risk analysis based on strategic leadership theories. The methodology was to investigate different publications, laws and studies relating to aforementioned and also conduct an analysis of present state of the network. As a result of this thesis, the most important drivers where identified. The drivers that were found where: security of supply and mechanical condition of the network. Based on these drivers, five alternative strategies where formed and also risks where analyzed for all alternatives. This thesis work gives a good starting point to a company to continue choosing the best strategy and continue working how investments are allocated in practice and how it will be measured that the development is in accordance with the chosen strategy. At the end of work, I have introduced several ideas to help the long term planning in practice.
Protection of electricity distribution networks
British electricity experiment : privatization: the record, the issues, the lessons
High Voltage Direct Current Transmission
Reliability analysis for distribution networks combined with transformer condition assessment
Edison - research programme on electricity distribution automation 1993-1997 : interim report 1995
The evolution of electric power transmission under deregulation : selected readings
Market entry possibilities in the electric utility service industry in Sweden: case company Exsane Oy
Decentralised electrical distribution network in power plants
Digital protection relaying in nuclear power plants
Electric power systems
Distribution price of electricity and potential welfare improvements
Applications for SIPROTEC protection relays
Frequency estimation in modern protection relays
Alteration in business models of electricity distribution companies : a case of smart metering
Specifying remote services for industrial power systems
Electric power engineering handbook. Electric power substations engineering
Electrical energy conversion and transport. : an interactive computer-based approach
From the Publisher: What's the solution to the world's growing energy problem? PERFECT POWER. Electric usage is rising. Fuel costs are rocketing. Blackouts are happening more frequently. Why? Because our electrical power system-built on a vast network of resources including nuclear energy, natural gas, water, and coal-has become woefully outdated, increasingly expensive, and dangerously fragile. We need to change the current system, and we need to do it now. Written by business visionary and former Motorola chairman Robert Galvin, Perfect Power shows us how to create a "perfect" system that can deliver power where needed, at an astonishing reliability standard of 99.9999999 percent. By super-charging the "Six Sigma" concepts that Galvin developed as the founder and CEO at Motorola, we can: meet the energy reliability and quality needs of the Digital Age; generate new goods and services that create jobs, empower consumers, and lower energy cost; eliminate wasteful spending on our electrical infrastructure that can be used for peak power needs; facilitate local, regional, and, ultimately, national energy independence; fundamentally reduce the impact of energy on the environment; and invest in the microgrid revolution. Energy providers and policy makers will reinvent today's centralized power systems and integrate them with new, efficient "microgrids." Investors and entrepreneurs will spot tomorrow's hottest technologies. Consumers will demand change from "the powers that be." And environmentalists will take advantage of cleaner, greener energy sources available. We have the power to fulfill our energy needs, fix our old systems, forge ahead with new ideas, and fuel our dreams. It's Perfect Power.
Performance benchmarking and incentive regulation : considerations of directing signals for electricity distribution companies
Temperature distribution in enclosed low-voltage distribution boards
Long-term investment planning of electricity distribution networks considering the uncertainty of load forecasts
Pienjännitekeskukset : standardi = Low-voltage switchgear and controlgear assemblies. Osa = Part 1, Yleiset vaatimukset = General rules
Real-time electricity tariff system for retail market
Integration testing of protection relays
Power electronic converters in low-voltage direct current distribution : analysis and implementation
Non-intrusive appliance load monitoring system based on a modern kWh-meter
Biomass power plant grid connection
Knowledge extraction for optimizing monitorability and controllability on a production line
Electric power substations engineering
Consideration of using 3G cellular network to monitor ABB’s remote circuit breakers
Microgrids and active distribution networks
Smart grid : integrating renewable, distributed & efficient energy
Single phase earth faults in high impedance grounded networks : characteristics, indication and location
Deregulation of the electricity sector in the EU : legal aspects
Cost recovery and the crisis of service delivery in South Africa
Guide to electrical power distribution systems
Electric power distribution systems : a nontechnical guide
On the choice of medium voltage levels for developing distribution systems
Factors affecting efficiency of LVDC distribution network : power electronics perspective
An appraisal of UK energy research, development, demonstration & dissemination
Fingrid : corporate magazine Fingrid Oyj
Power system analysis
Integration of microgrids into electricity distribution networks
Analysis of distance protection
High-voltage engineering and testing
Voltage sags in power distribution networks
"The Smart Grid has the potential to revolutionize electricity delivery systems, and the security of its infrastructure is a vital concern not only for cyber-security practitioners, engineers, policy makers, and utility executives, but also for the media and consumers. Smart Grid Security: An End-to-End View of Security in the New Electrical Grid explores the important techniques, challenges, and forces that will shape how we achieve a secure twenty-first century electric grid.Following an overview of the components of the Smart Grid, the book delves into the evolution of security standards and regulations and examines ways in which the Smart Grid might be regulated. The authors discuss the technical details about how metering technology is being implemented and the likely threats and vulnerabilities that utilities will face. They address the home area network (HAN) and examine distribution and transmission the foundation for the delivery of electricity, along with distributed generation, micro-grids, and operations.The book explores future concepts such as energy storage and the use of plug-in electric vehicles (PEVs ) in addition to the concomitant risk for fraud and manipulation with stored energy. Consumer-related issues are discussed as they pertain to emerging ways of receiving and generating energy. The book examines dysfunctions ranging from inadvertent outages to cyber-attack and presents recommendations on how to respond to these incidents. It concludes with speculation of future cyber-security challenges and discusses new ways that the grid can be defended, such as better key management and protection.Written in a style rigorous enough for the practitioner yet accessible to a broad audience, this comprehensive volume covers a topic that is becoming more critical to industry and consumers everywhere"--
Solar Energy : A Sustainable Solution to Rural Electricity Problems in Nigeria
Electric power distribution handbook
Power Systems Computation Conference. 8. Helsinki 1984 : proceedings of the 8th power systems..., Helsinki, 19-24 Aug. 1984.
Transient stability of power systems : a unified approach to assessment and control
Alternative strategies for electricity distribution network reinvestments
Comparative study of microcontroller controlled four-wire voltage and current source shunt active power filters
Development of concrete tower for transmission lines in developing countries
Economic innovations in public utility regulation
Anticipating interruptions : security and risk in a liberalized electricity infrastructure
Advances in high voltage engineering
Electricity distribution network design
Short-Circuit Withstand Current Rating for Low Voltage Switchgear : Short-Circuit Current Rating (SCCR)
Distribution System Analysis and Automation
The Wind farm effect to the Distribution system
Distribution system modeling and analysis
Spare part management of an electricity distribution network
Four essays on efficiency in Swedish electricity distribution
Power distribution automation
Power distribution engineering : fundamentals and applications
Theoretical background for market emergence framework : case: electricity distribution industry
Beta and debt premium for a Finnish distribution company
Application of solid state breaker technology in protection of distribution networks
Electrical safety of island operated low voltage DC network
Effects of electric vehicles charging on the power system
Control and automation of electrical power distribution systems
Computational intelligence applications in smart grids : enabling methodologies for proactive and self-organizing power systems
Essays in deregulated Finnish and Nordic electricity markets
Operation of restructured power systems
Dimensioning of the 2x25 kV autotransformer railway distribution system
Reliability centered maintenance (RCM) : application to circuit breakers
"Preface. In industrialized countries, distribution systems deliver electricity literally everywhere, taking power generated at many locations and delivering it to end users. Generation, transmission, and distribution--of these big three components of the electricity infrastructure, the distribution system gets the least attention. Yet, it is often the most critical component in terms of its effect on reliability and quality of service, cost of electricity, and aesthetic (mainly visual) impacts on society. Like much of the electric utility industry, several political, economic, and technical changes are pressuring the way distribution systems are built and operated. Deregulation has increased pressures on electric power utilities to cut costs and has focused emphasis on reliability and quality of electric service. The great fear of deregulation is that service will suffer because of cost cutting. Regulators and utility consumers are paying considerable attention to reliability and quality. Another change that is brewing is the introduction of distributed generation on the distribution system. Generators at the distribution level can cause problems (and have benefits if properly applied). New loads such as plug-in vehicles may be on the horizon. Customers are pressing for lower costs, better reliability, and less visual impact from utility distribution systems. Deregulation and technical changes increase the need by utility engineers for better information. This book helps fill some of those needs in the area of electric distribution systems. The first few chapters of the book focus on equipment-oriented information and applications such as choosing transformer connections, sizing and placing capacitors, and setting regulators"--
Tendering substation adaptation for IT
Electrical power systems quality
Topological issues in single-phase power factor correction
Development of electricity distribution systems in developing countries
Finite-element analysis of eddy currents in the form-wound multi-conductor windings of a doubly-fed induction generator
Cities of light and heath : domesticating gas and electricity in Urban Anerica
Load research and load estimation in electricity distribution
Integrating low voltage distribution systems to distribution automation
EDISON : research programme on electricity distribution automation 1993-1997 : interim report 1996
Advanced distribution system
Switching, protection and distribution in low-voltage networks : handbook with selection criteria and planning guidlines for switchgear, switchboards and distribution systems
Fault location on power networks
GIS for enchanced electric utility performance
Distribution switchgear
Geographical perspectives on the development of power distribution systems in sparsely populated areas
Smart grid : technology and applications
Evaluation of energy towers : India
Electric distribution systems
Perfect power : how the microgrid revolution will unleash cleaner, greener, and more abundant energy
Power circuit breaker theory and design
A model for electric power capacity expansion planning under uncertain conditions
The development of electricity transmission in Finland
STUDY AND DESIGN OF ENLARGED AUTOMATED TEST STATION FOR GRID AUTOMATION CONTROL CABINETS
Measurement and data communication technology for the implementation in Estonian transmission network
On reliability and performance analyses of IEC 61850 for digital SAS
Reliability aspects of network planning for meshed subtransmission networks
Pienjännitekeskukset : standardi = Low-voltage switchgear and controlgear assemblies. Osa 2 = Part 2, Ammattikäyttöön tarkoitetut kojeistot = Power switchgear and controlgear assemblies
Vertical integration versus vertical separation in the deregulated Finnish electricity market
The advanced distribution system
State estimation in electric power systems : a generalized approach
Methods for analysing supply security of electricity distribution
Power quality enhancement using custom power devices
Abstract:
Modeling and experimental investigation of lightning arcs and overvoltages for medium voltage distribution lines
Earth fault distance computation methods based on transients in power distribution systems
Electrical energy systems
Control and automation of electric power distribution systems
First course on power systems
Electric power distribution system engineering
Smart grid security : an end-to-end view of security in the new electrical grid
