http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18706 management accounting
management accounting
Application of value-based pricing in industrial sector
Introduction to management accounting : a user perspective
Handbook of internal accounting controls
Accounting
Financial and management accounting : an introduction
Introduction to financial accounting
Managerial accounting
This book provides a firm grounding in management and financial accounting for MBA students and practising managers. It focuses on the 'why' as well as the 'how to', equipping managers with the tools and knowledge necessary for generating and interpreting accounts.
Cost accounting ; a managerial emphasis
Managerial accounting for business decisions
The role of big data in Finnish companies and the implications of big data on management accounting
Financial management for decision makers
"In times of economics turbulence, an organization's ability to learn from its environment and adopt innovations enhances its competitive advantage as well as its ability to improve its performance. This book focuses specifically on the contribution learning and innovation in management accounting can contribute to the success of the organization. However, all management accounting can contribute to the success of the organization.The success of an innovation is contingent upon whether the learning and implementation process have been properly integrated. When they are not, an innovation that has been successful in one organization may fail in another. An integrative framework is developed for studying management accounting process innovations. The framework draws on theories from organizational sociology. It focuses on the impact of the innovation on the organization along two important dimensions. First, to what degree does the innovation alter the organization's management accounting system (labeled as extent)? Second, what portion of the organization's is affected by the change (labeled as scope)? We classified these dimensions on a continuum ranging from high to low. This yields a 2x2 contingency framework. The book examines each of the resulting four situations using both Argyris's typology of single and double loop learning as well as the variety of theories used to explain the adoption, or failure to adopt a particular innovation, e.g. Rogers, Sandburg, in a organization. Recent management accounting innovations such as activity-based costing (ABC) and balanced scorecard (BSC) are used to illustrate the concepts and examples drawn from organizational practices. ABC and BSC are used as examples of management accounting innovations to illustrate why they are more successful in some organizations but not in others."--Publisher's website.
"Holding all the cards" : the associations between management accounting, strategy and strategic change
Management accounting
Understanding the role of communication in the management accounting and control process
Essentials of corporate financial management
Accounting : an introduction / Eddie McLaney and Peter Atrill
Financial and managerial accounting
The manager's handbook to preparing and using financial reports
Essential management accounting : how to maximise profit and boost financial performance
Improving management accounting and revenue management in the Finnish transport agency
Introduction to management accounting
Accounting and finance : an introduction
The Routledge companion to cost management
Financial intelligence : a manager's guide to knowing what the numbers really mean
Contemporary issues in management accounting
International classification of financial reporting
An organizational learning approach to process innovations : the extent and scope of diffusion and adoption in management accounting systems
Principles of managerial finance
Risk accounting and risk management for accountants
Accounting demystified
Cost accounting : principles and practice
Introduction to accounting and finance
Managerial uses of accounting information
Construction of an institutionally aware process-oriented performance measurement system : a case study of a Finnish local government
The internal auditing handbook
Management accounting change in public health care
Cornerstones of managerial accounting
Financial & managerial accounting : the basis for business decisions
Management accounting for business
Management accountants' business orientation and involvement in incentive compensation : empirical results from a cross-sectional survey
MBA accounting
Management accounting systems usefulness as a union of natural and rational perspectives : analyses at the interface of sales and procurement
Advances in cost accounting of some Finnish companies in the early 1990s : is the slow pace acceptable?
Essential finance and accounting for managers
Management accounting in enterprise resource planning systems
Accountability and responsibility : the influence of organisation design on management accounting
Handbook of management accounting
Principles of managerial finance : brief
Hospitality industry managerial accounting
Horngren's financial & managerial accounting
Managerial accounting : a decision making and performance management
Financial and management accounting
Conflicting interests but filtered key targets : stakeholder and resource-dependency analyses at a university of applied sciences
Management accounting : information for decision-making and strategy execution
EFFECTS OF IMPLEMENTATION OF SAP ON MANAGEMENT ACCOUNTING : Case: Dongfeng Motor Corporation
Cost accounting : a managerial emphasis
Cost accounting : a managerial emphasis : student guide and review manual
Risk and management accounting : best practice guidelines for enterprise-wide internal control procedures
Management and cost accounting ; toimittaneet : George Foster ; Srikant M. Datar ; Charles T. Horngren ; Alnoor Bhimani ; Srikant M. Datar ; Charles T. Horngren
Management accounting for the hospitality, tourism and retail Sectors
Changing roles of management accountants have been intensively discussed in business practice and academic research. The objective of this empirical study is to gain a deeper understanding of management accountants' business orientation and extended tasks. Based on data collected from the top 1,500 companies in Germany, results reveal that especially subjective norms have a strong impact on the practice of management accountants acting business-oriented. Furthermore, the results reinforce the frequently postulated positive effect of management accountants' business orientation. The analyses also show positive associations between the involvement of management accountants in incentive compensation, the effort effects of incentive schemes, and firm performance.
Management accounting in a dynamic environment
The role of management accounting systems and venture capital investors for start-up firms
Theorizing formal and informal feedback practices in management accounting through three dimensions
Management accounting change : approaches and perspectives
Financial accounting for management
Essays in activity-based costing : mass-tailorization, implementation and new applications
Accounting in a nutshell
The basics of cost and managerial accounting : theory and practice
Accounting and finance for business
The work of the accounting & controlling department and its drivers : understanding the concept of a business partner
Accounting : text and cases
Accounting : an introduction
Issues in management accounting
Management accounting for decision makers
Advanced management accounting
On the interface between strategy and management accounting : four essays
Management accounting : analysis and interprepation
Management and cost accounting
