http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18763 SURFACE
SURFACE
Industrial utilization of surfactants : principles and practice
Surfaces and interfaces of electronic materials
Birational Geometry of Algebraic Varieties
Superconductivity in materials without inversion symmetry in the respective crystal structures occurs in the presence of antisymmetric spin-orbit coupling as a consequence of an emerging electric field gradient. The superconducting condensate is then a superposition of spin-singlet and spin-triplet Cooper pairs. This scenario accounts for various experimental findings such as nodes in the superconducting gap or extremely large upper critical magnetic fields. Spin-triplet pairing can occur in non-centrosymmetric superconductors in spite of Anderson’s theorem that spin-triplet pairing requires a crystal structure that exhibits inversion symmetry. This book, authored and edited by leading researchers in the field, is both an introduction to and overview on this exciting branch of novel superconductors. Its self-contained and tutorial style makes it particularly suitable for self-study and as source of teaching material for special seminars and courses. At the same time it constitutes an up-to-date and authoritative reference for anyone working in this exciting field.
The surface science of metal oxides
Curve and Surface Reconstruction : Algorithms with Mathematical Analysis
Programmed cell clearance : mechanisms and consequences of phagocytosis of apoptotic cells
Transport Phenomena in Porous Media : Aspects of Micro/Macro Behaviour
Surface chemistry of froth flotation. Volume 2, Reagents and mechanisms
Interfacial science : an introduction
Surface chemistry
Handbook of surface plasmon resonance
The projective, Möbius, Laguerre, and Minkowski planes over the real numbers are just a few examples of a host of fundamental classical topological geometries on surfaces. This book summarizes all known major results and open problems related to these classical point-line geometries and their close (nonclassical) relatives. Topics covered include: classical geometries; methods for constructing nonclassical geometries; classifications and characterizations of geometries. This work is related to many other fields including interpolation theory, convexity, the theory of pseudoline arrangements, topology, the theory of Lie groups, and many more. The authors detail these connections, some of which are well-known, but many much less so. Acting both as a reference for experts and as an accessible introduction for graduate students, this book will interest anyone wishing to know more about point-line geometries and the way they interact.
Biomimetics : Bioinspired Hierarchical-Structured Surfaces for Green Science and Technology
Fine Particles in Medicine and Pharmacy
Mutational analyses of the tumor suppressor gene PATCHED1 : role in nonmelanoma skin cancer and nevoid basal cell carcinoma
Generalized Continua and Dislocation Theory : Theoretical Concepts, Computational Methods and Experimental Verification
Chemisorption and reactions on metallic films
Complex Analysis and Algebraic Geometry : A Collection of Papers Dedicated to K. Kodaira
Machining of Complex Sculptured Surfaces
Computational Viscoelasticity
Mechanics and Properties of Composed Materials and Structures
Wetting and spreading dynamics
Negative co-receptors and ligands
Rough surfaces
Physical surfaces
Solubilization by surface-active agents and its applications in chemistry and the biological sciences
Nitrogen and phosphorus losses in surface runoff and drainage water after application of slurry and mineral fertilizer to perennial grass ley
This book is aimed at students and researchers who wish to use reflectance and emittance as quantitative tools to measure the properties of surfaces and materials. It is intended primarily for use in the interpretation of remote observations of the surfaces of the Earth and other planets, and it will also be useful to chemists, physicists, geologists, engineers and others who deal with particulate media. Topics include propagation and absorption of light in continuous media, reflection by smooth surfaces, scattering by spheres and irregular particles, reflectances and emissivities of particulate media, reflectance and emittance spectroscopy, and the polarization of light scattered by particulate media. Many examples of applications are given.
Reactions at solid surfaces
Structure and dynamics of surfaces. 2, Phenomena, models, and methods
Nanoscale structures and materials have been explored in many biological applications because of their novel and impressive physical and chemical properties. Such properties allow remarkable opportunities to study and interact with complex biological processes. This book analyses the state of the art of piezoelectric nanomaterials and introduces their applications in the biomedical field. Despite their impressive potentials, piezoelectric materials have not yet received significant attention for bio-applications. This book shows that the exploitation of piezoelectric nanoparticles in nanomedicine is possible and realistic, and their impressive physical properties can be useful for several applications, ranging from sensors and transducers for the detection of biomolecules to “sensible” substrates for tissue engineering or cell stimulation.
This collection of recent activities provides researchers and scientists with the latest trends in characterization and developments of composed materials and structures. Here, the expression ‘composed materials’ indicates a wider range than the expression ‘composite material’ which is many times limited to classical fibre reinforced plastics. The idea of composed structures and materials is to join different components in order to obtain in total better properties than one of the single constituents can provide. In this collection, well known experts present their research on composed materials such as textile composites, sandwich plates, hollow sphere structures, reinforced concrete as well as classical fibre reinforced materials.
Nonlinear Waves and Solitons on Contours and Closed Surfaces
Surface water ponding on clayey soils managed by conventional and conservation tillage in boreal conditions
Interfacial separation of particles
Collective optical resonances in networks of metallic carbon nanotubes
The present short monograph concerns analytic and semi-analytic techniques for finding an approximate value of the limit load. The limit load is an essential input parameter of flaw assessment procedures. In most cases, finding the limit load involves some numerical calculations of different levels of complexity, including numerical minimization of functions of one or several arguments, the slip-line technique and the finite element method. This book shows in particular how to use singular behavior of the real velocity field in the vicinity of bi-material interfaces in kinematically admissible velocity fields to increase the accuracy of upper bound solutions. An approach to recalculate the limit load for a class of structures with defects with the use of its value for the corresponding structure with no defect is discussed. The upper bound technique is applied to evaluate the limit load of overmatched and undermatched welded joints with cracks subject to various loading conditions of practical importance in conjunction with the aforementioned special techniques.
Magnetic Oscillations in Metals
The nature of the surface chemical bond
Physisorption kinetics
Interfacial Fluid Mechanics: A Mathematical Modeling Approach provides an introduction to mathematical models of viscous flow used in rapidly developing fields of microfluidics and microscale heat transfer. The basic physical effects are first introduced in the context of simple configurations and their relative importance in typical microscale applications is discussed. Then,several configurations of importance to microfluidics, most notably thin films/droplets on substrates and confined bubbles, are discussed in detail.  Topics from current research on electrokinetic phenomena, liquid flow near structured solid surfaces, evaporation/condensation, and surfactant phenomena are discussed in the later chapters. This book also:  Discusses mathematical models in the context of actual applications such as electrowetting Includes unique material on fluid flow near structured surfaces and phase change phenomena Shows readers how to solve modeling problems related to microscale multiphase flows Interfacial Fluid Mechanics: A Mathematical Modeling Approach is an ideal book for applied math or engineering graduate students starting their research work in the field of interfacial fluid mechanics.  .
An Introduction to Kinetic Monte Carlo Simulations of Surface Reactions
Kelvin Probe Force Microscopy : Measuring and Compensating Electrostatic Forces
Wilson and Wilson's comprehensive analytical chemistry. Vol. 40, Analysis and fate of surfactants in the aquatic environment
The book contains four lectures on generalized continua and dislocation theory, reflecting the treatment of the subject at different scales. G. Maugin provides a continuum formulation of defects at the heart of which lies the notion of the material configuration and the material driving forces of in-homogeneities such as dislocations, disclinations, point defects, cracks, phase-transition fronts and shock waves. C. Sansour and S. Skatulla start with a compact treatment of linear transformation groups with subsequent excursion into the continuum theory of generalized continua. After a critical assessment a unified framework of the same is presented. The next contribution by S. Forest gives an account on generalized crystal plasticity. Finally, H. Zbib provides an account of dislocation dynamics and illustrates its fundamental importance at the smallest scale. In three contributions extensive computational results of many examples are presented.
Proceedings of the 10th International Congress for Applied Mineralogy (ICAM)
The catalytic action of surfaces
Surface chemistry of biological systems : proceedings of the American Chemical Society Symposium
Advances in Numerical Modeling of Adhesive Joints
Explicit Birational Geometry of 3-folds
Bis-phenol A: orgin, fate, dilemma and the effects of increased background organics on its adsorption by powdered activated carbon
Surfactants and interfacial phenomena
Upper Bound Limit Load Solutions for Welded Joints with Cracks
Surface antigens and virulence in plasmodium falciparum malaria
Fractal Concepts in Surface Growth
Regulation of hedgehog signalling during development and carcinogenesis
Thin Liquid Films : Dewetting and Polymer Flow
Laser-enabled measurements are valuable tools for the investigation of surfaces and interfaces or for the in situ investigation of interfacial processes including electrode processes. The understanding of the thermodynamics of solid/liquid surfaces is important for surface science and electrochemistry. In the first part of this book, the authors describe a range of techniques for investigating interfacial tension and surface stress, which is important for coatings, thin films, and fuel cells. The techniques covered comprise bending beam (bending plate, bending cantilever, wafer curvature) methods with different detection techniques. Special attention is given to methods using optical detection by laser beam deflection or interferometry. The second part is devoted to the techniques based on the detection of refractive index gradients in the solution. The refractive index changes could be related to concentration gradients (Probe Beam Deflection, PBD) or light-induced thermal gradients (Photothermal Deflection Spectroscopy, PDS). The application of the techniques to surface-confined and solution electrochemical systems is described. Subsequently, a comparison with others techniques able to monitor ion fluxes is performed.
Modern plasmonics
An advanced level textbook covering geometric, chemical, and electronic structure of electronic materials, and their applications to devices based on semiconductor surfaces, metal-semiconductor interfaces, and semiconductor heterojunctions.Starting with the fundamentals of electrical measurements on semiconductor interfaces, it then describes the importance of controlling macroscopic electrical properties by atomic-scale techniques.
The importance of emulsification techniques, their use in the production of nanoparticles for biomedical applications as well as application of rheological techniques for studying the interaction between the emulsion droplets is gathered in this reference work.Written by some of the top scientists within their respective fields, this book covers such topics as emulsions, nano-emulsions, nano-dispersions and novel techniques for their investigation. It also considers the fundamental approach in areas such as controlled release, drug delivery and various applications of nanotechnology.
Green Tribology : Biomimetics, Energy Conservation and Sustainability
Friction Material Composites is the first of the five volumes which strongly educates and updates engineers and other professionals in braking industries, research and test labs. It explains besides the formulation of design processes and its complete manufacturing input. This book gives an idea of mechanisms of friction and how to control them by designing .The book is  useful for designers  of automotive, rail and aero industries for designing the brake systems effectively with the integration of friction material composite design which is critical. It clearly  emphasizes the driving  safety and how serious designers should  select the design input. The significance of friction material component like brake pad or a liner as an integral part of the brake system of vehicles is explained. AFM pictures at nanolevel illustrate broadly the explanations given.
Nina Aminlashgari Minna Hakkarainen Emerging Mass Spectrometric Tools for Analysis of Polymers and Polymer Additives Wolfgang Buchberger Martin Stiftinger Analysis of Polymer Additives and Impurities by Liquid Chromatography/Mass Spectrometry and Capillary Electrophoresis/Mass Spectrometry Jale Hacaloglu Direct Insertion Probe Mass Spectrometry of Polymers Petra Mischnick Mass Spectrometric Characterization of Oligo- and Polysaccharides and Their Derivatives Minna Hakkarainen Electrospray Ionization–Mass Spectrometry for Molecular Level Understanding of Polymer Degradation.
Fundamentals of inhomogeneous fluids
Manuela Mura's thesis is devoted to ab initio studies of self-assembled organic molecules on a gold surface. This area of research is particularly vibrant because of the various applications such studies have in nanoscience and surface chemistry and physics. In this thesis Manuela Mura uses theory to suggest atomistic models for the observed assemblied and she proposes an assembly mechanism. The methods and results developed as part of this work will be of wide interest to physicists and chemists working on the assemblies of organic molecules on crystal surfaces.
QCM-D : with focus on biosensing in biomolecular and cellular systems
Optimization of the pilot machine infrared dryer
Colloids and interfaces with surfactants and polymers : an introduction
Colloidal Dispersions Under Slit-Pore Confinement
This book comprises 96 peer-reviewed contributions submitted to the 10th ICAM Congress, held in Trondheim, Norway on 01-05 August 2011. Themes covered include: 1) Advanced materials, including high-performance technical ceramics and glasses, 2) Analytical techniques, instrumentation and automation, 3) Bio-mimetic mineral materials, medical mineralogy, 4) Construction materials including cement/SCMs, concrete, bricks, tiles, screeds, 5) Cultural heritage, stone artifacts and preservation, 6) Environment and energy mineralogy, including CO2 sequestration, 7) Geometallurgy and process mineralogy, and 8) Industrial minerals including gems, ore minerals, and mineral exploration.
Structure and functional properties of colloidal systems
Geometries on Surfaces
UK Colloids 2011 : An International Colloid and Surface Science Symposium
The AlInGaN and ZnO materials systems have proven to be one of the scientifically and technologically important areas of development over the past 15 years, with applications in UV/visible optoelectronics and in high-power/high-frequency microwave devices. The pace of advances in these areas has been remarkable and the wide band gap community relies on books like the one we are proposing to provide a review and summary of recent progress.
"Smart Materials in Structural Health Monitoring, Control and Biomechanics" presents the latest developments in structural health monitoring, vibration control and biomechanics using smart materials. The book mainly focuses on piezoelectric, fibre optic and ionic polymer metal composite materials. It introduces concepts from the very basics and leads to advanced modelling (analytical/ numerical), practical aspects (including software/ hardware issues) and case studies spanning civil, mechanical and aerospace structures, including bridges, rocks and underground structures. This book is intended for practicing engineers, researchers from academic and R&D institutions and postgraduate students in the fields of smart materials and structures, structural health monitoring, vibration control and biomedical engineering. Professor Chee-Kiong Soh and Associate Professor Yaowen Yang both work at the School of Civil and Environmental Engineering, Nanyang Technological University, Singapore. Dr. Suresh Bhalla is an Associate Professor at the Department of Civil Engineering, Indian Institute of Technology Delhi, India.
Environmental surfaces and interfaces from the nanoscale to the global scale
The interfacial behavior of monolayers of pharmaceutical surfactants
Optical Properties of Nanostructured Metallic Systems : Studied with the Finite-Difference Time-Domain Method
Metal-dielectric interfaces are ubiquitous in modern electronics. As advanced gigascale electronic devices continue to shrink, the stability of these interfaces is becoming an increasingly important issue that has a profound impact on the operational reliability of these devices. In this book, the authors present the basic science underlying  the thermal and electrical stability of metal-dielectric interfaces and its relationship to the operation of advanced interconnect systems in gigascale electronics. Interface phenomena, including chemical reactions between metals and dielectrics, metallic-atom diffusion, and ion drift, are discussed based on fundamental physical and chemical principles. Schematic diagrams are provided throughout the book to illustrate  interface phenomena and the principles that govern them. Metal-Dielectric Interfaces in Gigascale Electronics  provides a unifying approach to the diverse and sometimes contradictory test results that are reported in the literature on metal-dielectric interfaces. The goal is to provide readers with a clear account of the relationship between interface science and its applications in interconnect structures. The material presented here will also be of interest to those engaged in field-effect transistor and memristor device research, as well as university researchers and industrial scientists working in the areas of electronic materials processing, semiconductor manufacturing, memory chips, and IC design.   Presents a unified approach to understanding the diverse phenomena observed at metal-dielectric interfaces Features fundamental considerations in the physics and chemistry of metal-dielectric interactions Explores mechanisms of metal atom diffusion and metal ion drift in dielectrics Provides keys to understanding reliability in gigascale electronics Focuses on a dynamic area of current research that is a foundation of future interconnect systems, memristors, and solid-state electrolyte devices Presents a unified approach to understanding the diverse phenomena observed at metal-dielectric interfaces.
Damage and Fracture of Composite Materials and Structures
Mass Spectrometry of Polymers – New Techniques
Nanoscience Advances in CBRN Agents Detection, Information and Energy Security
Solid State NMR
Theory of Reflectance and Emittance Spectroscopy
The purpose of ‘Numerical Analysis of Heat and Mass Transfer in Porous Media’ is to provide a collection of recent contributions in the field of computational heat and mass transfer in porous media. The main benefit of the book is that it discusses the majority of the topics related to numerical transport phenomenon in engineering (including state-of-the-art and applications) and presents some of the most important theoretical and computational developments in porous media and transport phenomenon domain, providing a self-contained major reference that is appealing to both the scientists, researchers and the engineers. At the same time, these topics encounter of a variety of scientific and engineering disciplines, such as chemical, civil, agricultural, mechanical engineering, etc. The book is divided in several chapters that intend to be a resume of the current state of knowledge for benefit of professional colleagues.
An accessible yet rigorous discussion of the thermodynamics of surfaces and interfaces, bridging the gap between textbooks and advanced literature by delivering a comprehensive guide without an overwhelming amount of mathematics. The book begins with a review of the relevant aspects of the thermodynamics of bulk systems, followed by a description of the thermodynamic variables for surfaces and interfaces. Important surface phenomena are detailed, including wetting, crystalline systems (including grain boundaries), interfaces between different phases, curved interfaces (capillarity), adsorption phenomena and adhesion of surface layers. The later chapters also feature case studies to illustrate real-world applications. Each chapter includes a set of study problems to reinforce the reader's understanding of important concepts. Ideal as an auxiliary text for students and a self-study guide for industry practitioners and academic researchers working across a broad range of materials.
The Geometry of Total Curvature on Complete Open Surfaces
Surface Diffusion : Metals, Metal Atoms, and Clusters
Plasmonic nanostructures provide new ways of manipulating the flow of light with nanostructures and nanoparticles exhibiting optical properties never before seen in the macro-world. Covering plasmonic technology from fundamental theory to real world applications, this work provides a comprehensive overview of the field. • Discusses the fundamental theory of plasmonics, enabling a deeper understanding of plasmonic technology• Details numerical methods for modeling, design and optimization of plasmonic nanostructures• Includes step-by-step design guidelines for active and passive plasmonic devices, demonstrating the implementation of real devices in the standard CMOS nanoscale electronic-photonic integrated circuit to help cut design, fabrication and characterisation time and cost• Includes real-world case studies of plasmonic devices and sensors, explaining the benefits and downsides of different nanophotonic integrated circuits and sensing platforms.Ideal for researchers, engineers and graduate students in the fields of nanophotonics and nanoelectronics as well as optical biosensing.
Research into the geological processes operating on Mars relies on interpretation of images and other data returned by unmanned orbiters, probes and landers. Such interpretations are based on our knowledge of processes occurring on Earth Terrestrial analog studies therefore play an important role in understanding the geological features observed on Mars. This 2007 book presents direct comparisons between locales on Earth and Mars, and contains contributions from leading planetary geologists to demonstrate the parallels and differences between these two neighboring planets. Mars is characterized by a wide range of geological phenomena that also occur on Earth, including tectonic, volcanic, impact cratering, eolian, fluvial, glacial and possibly lacustrine and marine processes. The book provides terrestrial analogs for data sets from Mars Global Surveyor, Mars Odyssey, Mars Exploration Rovers and Mars Express, and will therefore be a key reference for students and researchers of planetary science.
Surfaces and interfaces for biomaterials
This book is a comprehensive source of the fundamentals, process parameters, instrumental components and applications of laser-induced breakdown spectroscopy (LIBS). The effect of multiple pulses on material ablation, plasma dynamics and plasma emission is presented. A heuristic plasma modeling allows to simulate complex experimental plasma spectra. These methods and findings form the basis for a variety of applications to perform quantitative multi-element analysis with LIBS. These application potentials of LIBS have really boosted in the last years ranging from bulk analysis of metallic alloys and non-conducting materials, via spatially resolved analysis and depth profiling covering measuring objects in all physical states: gaseous, liquid and solid. Dedicated chapters present LIBS investigations for these tasks with special emphasis on the methodical and instrumental concepts as well as the optimization strategies for a quantitative analysis. Requirements, concepts, design and characteristic features of LIBS instruments are described covering laboratory systems, inspections systems for in-line process control, mobile systems and remote systems. State-of-the-art industrial applications of LIBS systems are presented demonstrating the benefits of inline process control for improved process guiding and quality assurance purposes.
Encyclopedia of surface and colloid science / Por-Z
Graphene is a perfectly two-dimensional single-atom thin membrane with zero bandgap. It has attracted huge attention due to its linear dispersion around the Dirac point, excellent transport properties, novel magnetic characteristics, and low spin-orbit coupling. Graphene and its nanostructures may have potential applications in spintronics, photonics, plasmonics and electronics. This book brings together a team of experts to provide an overview of the most advanced topics in theory, experiments, spectroscopy and applications of graphene and its nanostructures. It covers the state-of-the-art in tutorial-like and review-like manner to make the book useful not only to experts, but also newcomers and graduate students.
One of the main achievements of algebraic geometry over the last 30 years is the work of Mori and others extending minimal models and the Enriques-Kodaira classification to 3-folds. This book, first published in 2000, is an integrated suite of papers centred around applications of Mori theory to birational geometry. Four of the papers (those by Pukhlikov, Fletcher, Corti, and the long joint paper Corti, Pukhlikov and Reid) work out in detail the theory of birational rigidity of Fano 3-folds; these contributions work for the first time with a representative class of Fano varieties, 3-fold hypersurfaces in weighted projective space, and include an attractive introductory treatment and a wealth of detailed computation of special cases.
Interfaces under laser irradiation
Imaging Phonons : Acoustic Wave Propagation in Solids
Pharmaceutical manufacture is very exacting – for example, drugs must be uniform in size, shape, efficacy, bioavailability, and safety. The presence of different polymorphs in drug production is a serious problem, since different polymorphs differ in bioavailability, solubility, dissolution rate, chemical and physical stability, melting point, color, filterability, density, and flow properties. Fine Particles in Medicine and Pharmacy discusses particle size, shape, and composition and how they determine the choice of polymorph of a drug.
This volume is an introduction to nonlinear waves and soliton theory in the special environment of compact spaces such a closed curves and surfaces and other domain contours. It assumes familiarity with basic soliton theory and nonlinear dynamical systems. The first part of the book introduces the mathematical concept required for treating the manifolds considered, providing relevant notions from topology and differential geometry. An introduction to the theory of motion of curves and surfaces - as part of the emerging field of contour dynamics - is given. The second and third parts discuss the modeling of various physical solitons on compact systems, such as filaments, loops and drops made of almost incompressible materials thereby intersecting with a large number of physical disciplines from hydrodynamics to compact object astrophysics. This book is intended for graduate students and researchers in mathematics, physics and engineering. This new edition has been thoroughly revised, expanded and updated.
Surface and interfacial organometallic chemistry and catalysis
Phenomenal new observations from Earth-based telescopes and Mars-based orbiters, landers, and rovers have dramatically advanced our understanding of the past environments on Mars. These include the first global-scale infrared and reflectance spectroscopic maps of the surface, leading to the discovery of key minerals indicative of specific past climate conditions; the discovery of large reservoirs of subsurface water ice; and the detailed in situ roving investigations of three new landing sites. This an important, new overview of the compositional and mineralogic properties of Mars since the last major study published in 1992. An exciting resource for all researchers and students in planetary science, astronomy, space exploration, planetary geology, and planetary geochemistry where specialized terms are explained to be easily understood by all who are just entering the field.
This book deals with the most recent numerical modeling of adhesive joints. Advances in damage mechanics and extended finite element method are described in the context of the Finite Element method with examples of application. The book also introduces the classical continuum mechanics and fracture mechanics approach and discusses the boundary element method and the finite difference method with indication of the cases they are most adapted to. At the moment there a no numerical technique that can solve any problem and the analyst needs to be aware of the limitations involved in each case.
The book about homogeneous catalysis with metal complexes deals with the description of the reductive-oxidative, metal complexes  in a liquid phase (in polar solvents, mainly in water, and less in nonpolar solvents). The exceptional importance of the redox processes in chemical systems, in the reactions occuring in living organisms, the environmental processes, atmosphere, water, soil, and in industrial technologies (especially in food-processing industries) is discussed. The detailed practical aspects of the established regularities are explained for solving the specific practical tasks in various fields of industrial chemistry, biochemistry, medicine, analytical chemistry and ecological chemistry. The main scope of the book is the survey and systematization of the latest advances in homogeneous catalysis with metal complexes. It gives an overview of the research results and practical experience accumulated by the author during the last decade.
Scanning tunneling microscopy and its applications
David I.A. Millar's thesis explores the effects of extreme conditions on energetic materials. His study identifies and structurally characterises new polymorphs obtained at high pressures and/or temperatures. The performance of energetic materials (pyrotechnics, propellants and explosives) can depend on a number of factors including sensitivity to detonation, detonation velocity, and chemical and thermal stability. Polymorphism and solid-state phase transitions may therefore have significant consequences for the performance and safety of energetic materials. In order to model the behaviour of these important materials effectively under operational conditions it is essential to obtain detailed structural information at a range of temperatures and pressures.
Circulatory effects of surfactant replacement : an experimental study in surfactant-depleted newborn piglets
Hydrogenated Amorphous Silicon
Kidney brush border membrane antigens in experimental membranous glomerulonephritis (Heymann nephritis) of rats
An introduction to the properties of wavelike excitations associated with surfaces and interfaces. The emphasis is on acoustic, optic, and magnetic excitations, and, apart from one section on liquid surfaces, the text concentrates on solids. The important topic of superlattices is also discussed, in which the different kinds of excitation are considered from a unified point of view.
Laser Techniques for the Study of Electrode Processes
GaN and ZnO-based Materials and Devices
Interfacial Compatibility in Microelectronics : Moving Away from the Trial and Error Approach
The Earth's land surface : landforms and processes in geomorphology
Modern mechanical surface treatment : states, stability, effects
Introduction to surface physics
Surface free energy of some pharmaceutical powders and tablets
This is a work in four parts, dealing with the mechanics and thermodynamics of materials with memory, including properties of the dynamical equations which describe their evolution in time under varying loads. The first part is an introduction to Continuum Mechanics with sections dealing with classical Fluid Mechanics and Elasticity, linear and non-linear. The second part is devoted to Continuum Thermodynamics, which is used to derive constitutive equations of materials with memory, including viscoelastic solids, fluids, heat conductors and some examples of non-simple materials. In part three, free energies for materials with linear memory constitutive relations are comprehensively explored. The new concept of a minimal state is also introduced. Formulae derived over the last decade for the minimum and related free energies are discussed in depth. Also, a new single integral free energy which is a functional of the minimal state is analyzed in detail. Finally, free energies for examples of non-simple materials are considered. In the final part, existence, uniqueness and stability results are presented for the integrodifferential equations describing the dynamical evolution of viscoelastic materials. A new approach to these topics, based on the use of minimal states rather than histories, is discussed in detail. There are also chapters on the controllability of thermoelastic systems with memory, the Saint-Venant problem for viscoelastic materials and on the theory of inverse problems.
Dipolar Recoupling, by Niels Chr. Nielsen, Lasse A. Strassø and Anders B. Nielsen.- Solid-State NMR Techniques for the Structural Determination of Amyloid Fibrils, by Jerry C. C. Chan.- Solid-State 19F-NMR of Peptides in Native Membranes, by Katja Koch, Sergii Afonin, Marco Ieronimo, Marina Berditsch and Anne S. Ulrich.- Probing Quadrupolar Nuclei by Solid-State NMR Spectroscopy: Recent Advances, by Christian Fernandez and Marek Pruski.- Solid State NMR of Porous Materials Zeolites and Related Materials, by Hubert Koller and Mark Weiß.- Solid-State NMR of Inorganic Semiconductors, by James P. Yesinowski.-.
The Geology of Mars : Evidence from Earth-Based Analogs
Characterisation of HMGB1 in inflammation
For the first time, this book unites the theory, experimental techniques and computational tools used to describe the diffusion of atoms, molecules and nanoparticles across metal surfaces. Starting with an outline of the formalism that describes diffusion on surfaces, the authors guide the reader through the principles of atomic movement, before moving on to diffusion under special circumstances, such as the presence of defects or foreign species. With an initial focus on the behaviour of single entities on a surface, later chapters address the movement of clusters of atoms and the interactions between adatoms. While there is a special emphasis on experimental work, attention is paid to the increasingly valuable contributions theoretical work has made in this field. This book has wide interdisciplinary appeal and is ideal for researchers in solid state physics, chemistry as well as materials science, and engineering.
Laser-Induced Breakdown Spectroscopy : Fundamentals and Applications
Proceedings of the 6th Symposium on Ultrasonic Electronics : Tokyo, December 10-12, 1985
Cascade reactions of blood at model biomaterial surfaces
Energetic Materials at Extreme Conditions
The study of abelian manifolds forms a natural generalization of the theory of elliptic functions, that is, of doubly periodic functions of one complex variable. When an abelian manifold is embedded in a projective space it is termed an abelian variety in an algebraic geometrical sense. This introduction presupposes little more than a basic course in complex variables. The notes contain all the material on abelian manifolds needed for application to geometry and number theory, although they do not contain an exposition of either application. Some geometrical results are included however.
The machining of complex sculptured surfaces is a global technological topic in modern manufacturing with relevance in both industrialized and emerging in countries particularly within the moulds and dies sector whose applications include highly technological industries such as the automotive and aircraft industry. Machining of Complex Sculptured Surfaces considers new approaches to the manufacture of moulds and dies within these industries. The traditional technology employed in the manufacture of moulds and dies combined conventional milling and electro-discharge machining (EDM) but this has been replaced with  high-speed milling (HSM) which has been applied in roughing, semi-finishing and finishing of moulds and dies with great success. Machining of Complex Sculptured Surfaces provides recent information on machining of complex sculptured surfaces including modern CAM systems and process planning for three and five axis machining as well as explanations of the advantages of HSM over traditional methods ranging from work piece precision and roughness to manual polishing following machining operations. Whilst primarily intended for engineering students and post graduates (particularly in the fields of mechanical, manufacturing or materials), Machining of Complex Sculptured Surfaces provides clear instructions on modern manufacturing; serving as a practical resource for all academics, researchers, engineers and industry professionals with interest in the machining of complex sculptured surfaces.
Applied surfactants : principles and applications
Analysis of surfactants
Silicone Surface Science offers a survey of the major topics concerning the properties and behavior of silicone surfaces. It covers all main aspects of the subject, including: polydimethylsiloxane, spread monolayers, self-assembled monolayers, hydrophobicity and super-hydrophobicity, coupling agents, surfactants, fluorosilicones, surface treatments and surface analysis. This book brings together the field's leading experts who investigated both fundamental and applied aspects of silicone surface science and technology, and introduces the reader to the origins and historical development of silicone surfaces as well as to their most significant current key features. Silicone Surface Science will be an invaluable guide and indispensable reference source for all those interested in this important area of polymer and materials science and technology, from graduate students to experienced scientists alike.
Proceedings of the 5th Symposium on Ultrasonic Electronics : Tokyo, December 4-6, 1984
Analytical Imaging Techniques for Soft Matter Characterization
7th RILEM International Conference on Cracking in Pavements : Mechanisms, Modeling, Testing, Detection and Prevention Case Histories
This volume focuses on research and practical issues connected with mortars on historic structures. The book is divided into four sections: Characterisation of Historic Mortars, Repair Mortars and Design Issues, Experimental Research into Properties of Repair Mortars, and Assessment and Testing. The papers present the latest work of researchers in their field. The individual contributions were selected from the contributions to the 2nd Historic Mortars Conference, which took place in Prague, September, 22-24, 2010. All papers were reviewed and improved as necessary before publication. This peer review process by the editors resulted in the 34 individual contributions included in here. One extra paper reviewing and summarising State-of-the-Art knowledge covered by this publication was added as a starting and navigational point for the reader. The editors believe that having these papers in print is important and they hope that it will stimulate further research into historic mortars and related subjects. .
Structured Surfaces as Optical Metamaterials
In the recent past, new materials, laboratory and in-situ testing methods and construction techniques have been introduced. In addition, modern computational techniques such as the finite element method enable the utilization of sophisticated constitutive models for realistic model-based predictions of the response of pavements. The 7th RILEM International Conference on Cracking of Pavements provided an international forum for the exchange of ideas, information and knowledge amongst experts involved in computational analysis, material production, experimental characterization, design and construction of pavements. All submitted contributions were subjected to an exhaustive refereed peer review procedure by the Scientific Committee, the Editors and a large group of international experts in the topic. On the basis of their recommendations, 129 contributions which best suited the goals and the objectives of the Conference were chosen for presentation and inclusion in the Proceedings. The strong message that emanates from the accepted contributions is that, by accounting for the idiosyncrasies of the response of pavement engineering materials, modern sophisticated constitutive models in combination with new experimental material characterization and construction techniques provide a powerful arsenal for understanding and designing against the mechanisms and the processes causing cracking and pavement response deterioration. As such they enable the adoption of truly "mechanistic" design methodologies. The papers represent the following topics: Laboratory evaluation of asphalt concrete cracking potential; Pavement cracking detection;  Field investigation of pavement cracking; Pavement cracking modeling response, crack analysis and damage prediction; Performance of concrete pavements and white toppings; Fatigue cracking and damage characterization of asphalt concrete; Evaluation of the effectiveness of asphalt concrete modification; Crack growth parameters and mechanisms; Evaluation, quantification and modeling of asphalt healing properties; Reinforcement and interlayer systems for crack mitigation;  Thermal and low temperature cracking of pavements; and Cracking propensity of WMA and recycled asphalts.
Handbook of surfaces and interfaces. Vol. 1
This 1996 book summarises the state of knowledge on the microscopic behaviour of oxide surfaces. The first chapter of the book summarises classical approaches, introduces the concept of ionicity, and describes the mixed iono-covalent character of the oxygen cation bond in bulk materials. The next three chapters focus on the characteristics of the atomic structure (relaxation, rumpling and reconstruction effects), the electronic structure (band width, gap width, etc.) and the excitations of clean surfaces. Metal-oxide interfaces are considered in the fourth chapter with special emphasis on the microscopic interfacial interactions responsible for adhesion. The last chapter develops the concepts underlying acid-base reactions on oxide surfaces, which are used in catalysis, in adhesion science, and in colloid physics, and discusses their applicability to the adsorption of hydroxyl groups. A comprehensive list of references is included.
This book brings together two of the most exciting and widely studied subjects in modern physics: namely fractals and surfaces. To the community interested in the study of surfaces and interfaces, it brings the concept of fractals. To the community interested in the exciting field of fractals and their application, it demonstrates how these concepts may be used in the study of surfaces. The authors cover, in simple terms, the various methods and theories developed over the past ten years to study surface growth. They describe how one can use fractal concepts successfully to describe and predict the morphology resulting from various growth processes. Consequently, this book will appeal to physicists working in condensed matter physics and statistical mechanics, with an interest in fractals and their application. The first chapter of this important new text is available on the Cambridge Worldwide Web server: http://www.cup.cam.ac.uk/onlinepubs/Textbooks/textbookstop.html
Emulsion formation and stability
Deniz Yilmaz' thesis describes a combination of orthogonal supramolecular interactions for the design of functional monolayer architectures on surfaces, that can be used as chemical and biosensors in a wide range of applications. The term “orthogonal supramolecular interactions” refers to non-covalent interactions that do not influence each other's assembly properties. Orthogonal self-assembly thus allows extended control over the self-assembly process and promotes new materials properties. The first part of the thesis employs orthogonal host-guest and lanthanide-ligand coordination interaction motifs to create supramolecular luminescent monolayers. The second part of the thesis describes the fabrication of functional monolayers on silicon and gold substrates for applications in electronics. The results illustrate the power of weak supramolecular interactions to direct the immobilization of functional systems on surfaces. The combination of host-guest and lanthanide-ligand coordination interaction motifs on surfaces demonstrates that hybrid, multifunctional supramolecular monolayers can be fabricated by integrating different non-covalent interactions in the same system. This combination opens up new avenues for the fabrication of complex hybrid organic-inorganic materials and stimuli-responsive surfaces. Their utility is demonstrated through applications of the functional interfaces to biosensing and nanotechnology.
Ultraclean surface processing of silicon wafers : secrets of VLSI manufacturing
Proceedings of the 8th Symposium on Ultrasonic Electronics : Tokyo, December 8-10, 1987
The articles in this volume cover some developments in complex analysis and algebraic geometry. The book is divided into three parts. Part I includes topics in the theory of algebraic surfaces and analytic surface. Part II covers topics in moduli and classification problems, as well as structure theory of certain complex manifolds. Part III is devoted to various topics in algebraic geometry analysis and arithmetic. A survey article by Ueno serves as an introduction to the general background of the subject matter of the volume. The volume was written for Kunihiko Kodaira on the occasion of his sixtieth birthday, by his friends and students. Professor Kodaira was one of the world's leading mathematicians in algebraic geometry and complex manifold theory: and the contributions reflect those concerns.
Proceedings of the 7th Symposium on Ultrasonic Electronics : Kyoto, December 8-10, 1986
[Ag67(SPhMe2)32(PPh3)8]3+: Synthesis, Total Structure, and Optical Properties of a Large Box-Shaped Silver Nanocluster
Australia antigen : proceedings of a symposium of the Eastern Pennsylvania Branch of the American Society for Microbiology, held in Philadelphia on November 8-9, 1971
Physics and Technology of Amorphous-Crystalline Heterostructure Silicon Solar Cells
Surface mount technology for concurrent engineering and manufacturing
This book is a treatise on the thermodynamic and dynamic properties of thin liquid films at solid surfaces and, in particular, their rupture instabilities. For the quantitative study of these phenomena, polymer thin films haven proven to be an invaluable experimental model system.   What is it that makes thin film instabilities special and interesting, warranting a whole book? There are several answers to this. Firstly, thin polymeric films have an important range of applications, and with the increase in the number of technologies available to produce and to study them, this range is likely to expand. An understanding of their instabilities is therefore of practical relevance for the design of such films.   Secondly, thin liquid films are an interdisciplinary research topic. Interdisciplinary research is surely not an end to itself, but in this case it leads to a fairly heterogeneous community of theoretical and experimental physicists, engineers, physical chemists, mathematicians and others working on the topic. It justifies attempting to write a text which aims at a coherent, theoretical presentation of the field which researchers across their specialised communities might be interested in.   And finally, thin liquid films are an interesting laboratory for a theorist to confront a well-established theory, hydrodynamics, with its limits. Liquids at surfaces take notice of the surface they are placed upon, and this is reflected in their dynamics. And the polymers, when confined to thin films, can imprint molecular properties on the film dynamics.   The material in the book is arranged in two Parts. Part I covers the basics of wetting and dewetting phenomena, and is of interest to researchers working in the field also outside of polymeric systems. It can be read as a brief introduction into the theory of wetting phase transitions. Part II delves exclusively into polymeric thin films, their mathematical description, and the confrontation with experiment.   The present book  attempts to bridge between the ‘light’ and the ‘rigorous’, always with the ambition to enhance insight and understanding - and to not let go the elegance of the theory.
Mathematical Modeling in Mechanics of Granular Materials
The Surface of Mars
Kinetic Monte Carlo (kMC) simulations still represent a quite new area of research, with a rapidly growing number of publications. Broadly speaking, kMC can be applied to any system describable as a set of minima of a potential-energy surface, the evolution of which will then be regarded as hops from one minimum to a neighboring one. The hops in kMC are modeled as stochastic processes and the algorithms use random numbers to determine at which times the hops occur and to which neighboring minimum they go. Sometimes this approach is also called dynamic MC or Stochastic Simulation Algorithm, in particular when it is applied to solving macroscopic rate equations.      This book has two objectives. First, it is a primer on the kMC method (predominantly using the lattice-gas model) and thus much of the book will also be useful for applications other than to surface reactions. Second, it is intended to teach the reader what can be learned from kMC simulations of surface reaction kinetics.   With these goals in mind, the present text is conceived as a self-contained introduction for students and non-specialist researchers alike who are interested in entering the field and learning about the topic from scratch.
This monograph presents an integrated perspective of the wide range of phenomena and processes applicable to the study of transport of species in porous materials. In order to formulate the entire range of porous media and their uses, this book gives the basics of continuum mechanics, thermodynamics, seepage and consolidation and diffusion, including multiscale homogenization methods. The particular structure of the book has been chosen because it is essential to be aware of the true properties of porous materials particularly in terms of nano, micro and macro mechanisms.  This book is of pedagogical and practical importance to the fields covered by civil, environmental, nuclear and petroleum engineering and also in chemical physics and geophysics as it relates to radioactive waste disposal, geotechnical engineering, mining and petroleum engineering and chemical engineering.
This is the third volume in a series of books on selected topics in Nanoscale Science and Technology based on lectures given at the well-known Istituto Nazionale di Fisica Nucleare (INFN) schools of the same name.  The present set of notes stems in particular from the participation and dedication of prestigious lecturers, such as Nunzio Motta, Fulvia Patella, Alexandr Toropov, and Anna Sgarlata.  All lectures have been carefully edited and reworked, taking into account extensive follow-up discussions. A tutorial lecture by Motta et al. presents the analysis of the Poly(3-hexylthiophene) self assembly on carbon nanotubes and discusses how the interaction between the two materials forms a new hybrid nanostructure, with potential application to future solar cells technology.  In their contribution, Patella et al. review quantum dots of III-V compounds, which offer appealing perspectives for more sophisticated applications in new generation devices such as single-photon emitters for nano-photonics and quantum computing.  Focusing on self-assembled quantum dots, the chapter by Alexandr Toropov et al. provides a comprehensive review of some important aspects in the formation of quantum dots and presents the results of the authors’ extensive investigation of the features of droplet epitaxy.   The fourth contribution, by Sgarlata et al., focuses on recent progress toward controlled growth of self-assembled nanostructures, dealing with the shaping, ordering and localization in Ge/Si heteroepitaxy and reviewing recent results on the self-organization of Ge nanostructures at Si surfaces. Presents cutting-edge research on self-assembled nanostructures Includes contributions from prestigious researchers on topics ranging from quantum dots to self-assembly on carbon nanotubes Based on lectures given at the renowned INFN schools in Frascati, Italy.
Mechanism of charge transport in organic solids has been an issue of intensive interests and debates for over 50 years, not only because of the applications in printing electronics, but also because of the great challenges in understanding the electronic processes in complex systems. With the fast developments of both electronic structure theory and the computational technology, the dream of predicting the charge mobility is now gradually becoming a reality. This volume describes recent progresses in Prof. Shuai’s group in developing computational tools to assess the intrinsic carrier mobility for organic and carbon materials at the first-principles level. According to the electron-phonon coupling strength, the charge transport mechanism is classified into three different categories, namely, the localized hopping model, the extended band model, and the polaron model. For each of them, a corresponding theoretical approach is developed and implemented into typical examples.
Paul Adrien Maurice Dirac, one of the greatest physicists of the twentieth century, died in 1984. Dirac's college, St John's of Cambridge, generously endowed annual lectures to be held at Cambridge University in his memory. This volume contains a much expanded version of the 1994 Dirac Lecture by Nobel Laureate Pierre Gilles de Gennes. The book presents an impressionistic tour of the physics of soft interfaces. Full of insight and interesting asides, it not only provides an accessible introduction to this topic, but also lays down many markers and signposts for interesting new research possibilities. The text begins with a brief discussion of wetting and dewetting and then goes on to consider the dynamics of different types of interface before considering adhesion and polymer/polymer welding.
Friction Material Composites : Materials Perspective
The challenge of developing photovoltaic (PV) technology to a cost-competitive alternative for established energy sources can be achieved using simple, high-throughput mass-production compatible processes. Issues to be addressed for large scale PV deployment in large power plants or in building integrated applications are enhancing the performance of solar energy systems by increasing solar cell efficiency, using low amounts of materials which are durable, stable, and abundant on earth, and reducing manufacturing and installation cost. Today’s solar cell multi-GW market is dominated by crystalline silicon (c-Si) wafer technology, however new cell concepts are entering the market. One very promising solar cell design to answer these needs is the silicon hetero-junction solar cell, of which the emitter and back surface field are basically produced by a low temperature growth of ultra-thin layers of amorphous silicon. In this design, amorphous silicon (a-Si:H) constitutes both "emitter" and "base-contact/back surface field" on both sides of a thin crystalline silicon wafer-base (c-Si) where the photogenerated electrons and holes are generated; at the same time, a Si:H passivates the c-Si surface. Recently, cell efficiencies above 23% have been demonstrated for such solar cells. In this book, the editors present an overview of the state-of-the-art in physics and technology of amorphous-crystalline heterostructure silicon solar cells.
Bio and Nano Packaging Techniques for Electron Devices : Advances in Electronic Device Packaging
Atom probe microscopy enables the characterization of materials structure and chemistry in three dimensions with near-atomic resolution. This uniquely powerful technique has been subject to major instrumental advances over the last decade with the development of wide-field-of-view detectors and pulsed-laser-assisted evaporation that have significantly enhanced the instrument’s capabilities. The field is flourishing, and atom probe microscopy is being embraced as a mainstream characterization technique. This book covers all facets of atom probe microscopy—including field ion microscopy, field desorption microscopy and a strong emphasis on atom probe tomography. Atom Probe Microscopy is aimed at researchers of all experience levels. It will provide the beginner with the theoretical background and practical information necessary to investigate how materials work using atom probe microscopy techniques. This includes detailed explanations of the fundamentals and the instrumentation, contemporary specimen preparation techniques, experimental details, and an overview of the results that can be obtained. The book emphasizes processes for assessing data quality, and the proper implementation of advanced data mining algorithms. Those more experienced in the technique will benefit from the book as a single comprehensive source of indispensable reference information, tables and techniques. Both beginner and expert will value the way that Atom Probe Microscopy is set out in the context of materials science and engineering, and includes references to key recent research outcomes. Provides the most practical, up-to-date and critical review of  atom probe microscopy techniques Presents a detailed description of the analysis tools Includes practical examples of how the technique can be used in materials science research Stands as a must-have reference for any user of atom probe microscopy.
Ion beam surface layer analysis : Proceedings of the International Conference held on June 18-20, 1973, in Yorktown Heights, N.Y., and sponsored by the National Science Foundation and the IMB Corporation
Geometrical product specifications (GPS) - surface texture : profile method - terms, definitions and surface texture parameters
Thermo-Hydrodynamic Design of Fluidized Bed Combustors: Estimating Metal Wastage is a unique volume that finds that the most sensitive parameters affecting metal wastage are superficial fluidizing velocity, particle diameter, and particle sphericity.  Gross consistencies between disparate data sources using different techniques were found when the erosion rates are compared on the same basis using the concept of renormalization.  The simplified mechanistic models and correlations, when validated, can be used to renormalize any experimental data so they can be compared on a consistent basis using a master equation.
Surface plasmon resonance based sensors
This text details the land surface of the Earth and covers the major issues, key themes and sensitivities of the environments/landscape. Emphasising the major ideas and their development, each chapter includes case studies and details of influential scientists who have contributed to the progress of understanding this field.
Interfaces between dissimilar materials are met everywhere in microelectronics and microsystems. In order to ensure faultless operation of these highly sophisticated structures, it is mandatory to have fundamental understanding of materials and their interactions in the system. In this difficult task, the “traditional” method of trial and error is not feasible anymore; it takes too much time and repeated efforts. In Interfacial Compatibility in Microelectronics, an alternative approach is introduced. In this revised method four fundamental disciplines are combined: i) thermodynamics of materials ii) reaction kinetics iii) theory of microstructures and iv) stress and strain analysis. The advantages of the method are illustrated in Interfacial Compatibility in Microelectronics which includes: •solutions to several common reliability issues in microsystem technology, •methods to understand and predict failure mechanisms at interfaces between dissimilar materials and •an approach to DFR based on deep understanding in materials science, rather than on the use of mechanistic tools, such as FMEA. Interfacial Compatibility in Microelectronics provides a clear and methodical resource for graduates and postgraduates alike.    .
Recent developments in colloids & interface research. Vol. 1
Reverse osmosis membrane surface modification : effects on membrane performance
Recent developments in engineering and technology have brought about serious and enlarged demands for reliability, safety and economy in wide range of fields such as aeronautics, nuclear engineering, civil and structural engineering, automotive and production industry.  This, in turn, has caused more interest in continuum damage mechanics and its engineering applications.   This book aims to give a concise overview of the current state of damage mechanics, and then to show the fascinating possibility of this promising branch of mechanics, and to provide researchers, engineers and graduate students with an intelligible and self-contained textbook.   The book consists of two parts and an appendix.  Part I  is concerned with the foundation of continuum damage mechanics.  Basic concepts of material damage and the mechanical representation of damage state of various kinds are described in Chapters 1 and 2.  In Chapters 3-5, irreversible thermodynamics, thermodynamic constitutive theory and its application to the modeling of the constitutive and the evolution equations of damaged materials are descried as a systematic basis for the subsequent development throughout the book.    Part II describes the application of the fundamental theories developed in Part I to typical damage and fracture problems encountered in various fields of the current engineering.  Important engineering aspects of elastic-plastic or ductile damage, their damage mechanics modeling and their further refinement are first discussed  in Chapter 6.  Chapters 7 and 8 are concerned with the modeling of fatigue, creep, creep-fatigue and their engineering application. Damage mechanics modeling of complicated crack closure behavior in elastic-brittle and composite materials are discussed in Chapters 9 and 10.  In Chapter 11, applicability of the local approach to fracture by means of damage mechanics and finite element method, and the ensuing mathematical and numerical problems are briefly discussed.   A proper understanding of the subject matter requires knowledge of tensor algebra and tensor calculus.  At the end of this book, therefore, the foundations of tensor analysis are presented in the Appendix, especially for readers with insufficient mathematical background, but with keen interest in this exciting field of mechanics.
Theory of reflectance and emittance spectroscopy
Aggregation of Long Chain Anionic Surfactants
The book offers a comprehensive discussion of future trends and developments in electron device packaging and the opportunities of nano and bio techniques as future solutions. It describes effects of nano-sized particles and cell-based approaches for packaging solutions with their diverse requirements. It offers a comprehensive overview of nano particles and nano composites and their opportunities for packaging functions in electron devices. The importance and challenges of three-dimensional design and computer modeling in nano packaging is discussed and also shows ways for implementation. Solutions for unconventional packaging solutions for metallizations and functionalized surfaces are demonstrated. Also new packaging technologies with high potential for industrial applications like nano partical fabrication and application, nano imprinting and ink-jet printing are discussed. The book brings together a comprehensive overview of nano scale components and systems comprising electronic, mechanical and optical structures and serves as important reference for industrial and academic researchers as well as practicing engineers seeking information about the latest nano and bio techniques in packaging.
This short book deals with the mathematical modeling of jets impinging porous media. It starts with a short introduction to models describing turbulences in porous media as well as turbulent heat transfer. In its main part, the book presents the heat transfer of impinging jets using a local and a non-local thermal equilibrium approach.
Heat and Mass Transfer in Porous Media
Smart Materials in Structural Health Monitoring, Control and Biomechanics
Repressing the hedgehog signalling pathway : functional analysis of the tumour suppressors patched1 and suppressor of fused
In the nearly 20 years of Kelvin probe force microscopy an increasing interest in the technique and its applications has developed. This book gives a concise introduction into the method and describes various experimental techniques. Surface potential studies on semiconductor materials, nanostructures and devices are described, as well as application to molecular and organic materials. The current state of surface potential at the atomic scale is also considered. This book presents an excellent introduction for the newcomer to this field, as much as a valuable resource for the expert.
Thermodynamics of Surfaces and Interfaces : Concepts in Inorganic Materials
Surface tension and adsorption
Principles of Soft-Matter Dynamics : Basic Theories, Non-invasive Methods, Mesoscopic Aspects
Surface for dummies
Surface behavior of anti-evaporative tear film wax esters
The preparation and characterization of various nano-scaled materials and their applications in diverse security and safety- related fields. Readers are provided with a broad overview on the topic as it combines articles addressing the preparation and characterization of different nano-scaled materials (metals, oxides, glasses, polymers, carbon-based, etc.). The contributions derive from the lectures and contributions of the NATO Advanced Study Institute meeting “Nanoscience Advances in CBRN Agents Detection, Information and Energy Security” held in Sozopol, Bulgaria, 29 May - 6 June, 2014. In addition, it presents an interdisciplinary approach, utilizing Nanoscience and Nanotechnology research from different disciplines including; physics, chemistry, engineering, materials science and biology. A major advantage of this book, which represents the knowledge of experts from 20 countries, is the combination of longer papers introducing the basic knowledge on a certain topic, and brief contributions highlighting specific applications in different security areas.
The Martian Surface : Composition, Mineralogy and Physical Properties
It is just over 80 years ago that a striking oscillatory field dependence was discovered in the magnetic behaviour of bismuth at low temperatures. This book was first published in 1984 and gives a systematic account of the nature of the oscillations, of the experimental techniques for their study and of their connection with the electronic structure of the metal concerned. Although the main emphasis is on the oscillations themselves and their many peculiarities, rather than on the theory of the electronic structure they reveal, sufficient examples are given in detail to illustrate the kind of information that has been obtained and how this information agrees with theoretical prediction.
Physics at surfaces
Optical metamaterials are an exciting new field in optical science. A rapidly developing class of these metamaterials are those that allow the manipulation of volume and surface electromagnetic waves in desirable ways by suitably structuring the surfaces they interact with. They have applications in a variety of fields, such as materials science, photovoltaic technology, imaging and lensing, beam shaping and lasing. Describing techniques and applications, this book is ideal for researchers and professionals working in metamaterials and plasmonics, as well as those just entering this exciting new field. It surveys different types of structured surfaces, their design and fabrication, their unusual optical properties, recent experimental observations and their applications. Each chapter is written by an expert in that area, giving the reader an up-to-date overview of the subject. Both the experimental and theoretical aspects of each topic are presented.
Physics and Chemistry at Oxide Surfaces
Drop a pebble in a pond and the results are quite predictable: circular waves flow from the point of impact. Hit a point on a crystalline solid, however, and the expanding waves are highly non-spherical: the elasticity of a crystal is anisotropic. This book provides a fresh look at the vibrational properties of crystalline solids, elucidated by new imaging techniques. From the megahertz vibrations of ultrasound to the near-terahertz vibrations associated with heat, the underlying elastic anisotropy of the crystal asserts itself. Phonons are elementary vibrations that affect many properties of solids - thermal, electrical and magnetic. This text covers the basic theory and experimental observations of phonon propagation in solids. Phonon imaging techniques provide physical insights into such topics as phonon focusing, lattice dynamics and ultrasound propagation. Scattering of phonons from interfaces, superlattices, defects and electrons are treated in detail. The book includes many striking and original illustrations.
Earth's shifting crust : a key to some basic problems of earth science
The RBI handbook of receptor classification
Application of a surface plasmon resonance biosensor for targeted kidney research
Colloidal Surfactants : Some Physicochemical Properties
Surfactant science and technology
Homogeneous Catalysis with Metal Complexes : Fundamentals and Applications
Mass Metrology
Statistical process control for surface mount technology
Continuum Damage Mechanics : A Continuum Mechanics Approach to the Analysis of Damage and Fracture
Structures of two different surface layers found in six Bacteroides strains
Numerical Analysis of Heat and Mass Transfer in Porous Media
Historic Mortars : Characterisation, Assessment and Repair
The polycrystalline and nanocrystalline states play an increasingly important role in exploiting the properties of materials, encompassing applications as diverse as pharmaceuticals, catalysts, solar cells and energy storage. A knowledge of the three-dimensional atomic and molecular structure of materials is essential for understanding and controlling their properties, yet traditional single-crystal X-ray diffraction methods lose their power when only polycrystalline and nanocrystalline samples are available. It is here that powder diffraction and single-crystal electron diffraction techniques take over, substantially extending the range of applicability of the crystallographic principles of structure determination.  This volume, a collection of teaching contributions presented at the Crystallographic Course in Erice in 2011, clearly describes the fundamentals and the state-of-the-art of powder diffraction and electron diffraction methods in materials characterisation, encompassing a diverse range of disciplines and materials stretching from archeometry to zeolites.   As such, it is a comprehensive and valuable resource for those wishing to gain an understanding of the broad applicability of these two rapidly developing fields.
Metal-Dielectric Interfaces in Gigascale Electronics : Thermal and Electrical Stability
Nano-surface chemistry
This is a self-contained account of how some modern ideas in differential geometry can be used to tackle and extend classical results in integral geometry. The authors investigate the influence of total curvature on the metric structure of complete, non-compact Riemannian 2-manifolds, though their work, much of which has never appeared in book form before, can be extended to more general spaces. Many classical results are introduced and then extended by the authors. The compactification of complete open surfaces is discussed, as are Busemann functions for rays. Open problems are provided in each chapter, and the text is richly illustrated with figures designed to help the reader understand the subject matter and get intuitive ideas about the subject. The treatment is self-contained, assuming only a basic knowledge of manifold theory, so is suitable for graduate students and non-specialists who seek an introduction to this modern area of differential geometry.
This text is a guide how to solve problems in which viscoelasticity is present using existing commercial computational codes. The book gives information on codes’ structure and use, data preparation  and output interpretation and verification. The first part of the book introduces the reader to the subject, and to provide the models, equations and notation to be used in the computational applications. The second part shows the most important Computational techniques: Finite elements formulation, Boundary elements formulation, and presents the solutions of Viscoelastic problems with Abaqus.
Self-Assembly of Flat Organic Molecules on Metal Surfaces : A Theoretical Characterisation
Characterization of solid surfaces
Micro and Nano Sulfide Solid Lubrication
UK Colloids 2011 - the first multi-day conference on the topic of colloid science held in the UK for many years, jointly organized by the RSC Colloid and Interface Science Group and the SCI Colloid and Surface Science Group. The conference had over 250 delegates, from all across the world – good representation from Japan, China, Australia, USA, France, Germany, Holland, Sweden, Spain, Poland, Georgia – as well as a substantial number of UK based researchers. This Special Issue of “Progress in Colloid and Polymer Science” collects together a selection of 20 papers, mostly presented during the Conference. The papers included cover the wide variety of topics from fundamentals in colloid and interface science to industrial applications. The current Special Issue also reflects the international character of the Conference.
Silanes and other coupling agents. Vol. 3
Turbulent Impinging Jets into Porous Materials
Chemistry and technology of surfactants
Surface growth and kinetic roughening in random networks with flexible fibers
Contact allergy and irritation from autoxidized ethoxylated non-ionic surfactants : chemical analysis, synthesis and predictive testing
Non-Centrosymmetric Superconductors : Introduction and Overview
Many applications in science and engineering require a digital model of a real physical object. Advanced scanning technology has made it possible to scan such objects and generate point samples on their boundaries. This book, first published in 2007, shows how to compute a digital model from this point sample. After developing the basics of sampling theory and its connections to various geometric and topological properties, the author describes a suite of algorithms that have been designed for the reconstruction problem, including algorithms for surface reconstruction from dense samples, from samples that are not adequately dense and from noisy samples. Voronoi- and Delaunay-based techniques, implicit surface-based methods and Morse theory-based methods are covered. Scientists and engineers working in drug design, medical imaging, CAD, GIS, and many other areas will benefit from this first book on the subject.
Our knowledge of Mars has grown enormously over the last decade as a result of the Mars Global Surveyor, Mars Odyssey, Mars Express, and the two Mars Rover missions. This book is a systematic summary of what we have learnt about the geological evolution of Mars as a result of these missions. It describes the diverse Martian surface features and summarizes current ideas as to how, when, and under what conditions they formed, and explores how Earth and Mars differ and why the two planets evolved so differently. The author also discusses possible implications of the geologic history for the origin and survival of indigenous Martian life. Up-to-date and highly illustrated, this book will be a principal reference for researchers and graduate students in planetary science. The comprehensive list of references will also assist readers in pursuing further information on the subject. Colour images can be found at www.cambridge.org/9780521872010.
Encyclopedia of surface and colloid science / Dif-Int
This second edition of a well-received volume has been thoroughly updated and expanded to cover the most recent developments. Coverage now includes additional polymers such as polyindole and polyazines, composites of polymers with carbon nanotubes, metals, and metal oxides, as well as bending-beam techniques for characterization. Again, the author provides a systematic survey of the knowledge accumulated in this field in the last thirty years. This includes thermodynamic aspects, the theory of the mechanism of charge transport processes, the chemical and physical properties of these compounds, the techniques of characterization, the chemical and electrochemical methods of synthesis as well as the application of these systems. The book contains a compilation of the polymers prepared so far and covers the relevant literature with almost 2000 references. From reviews of the previous edition ‘a comprehensive reference guide for those interested in this field’ (Journal of Solid State Electrochemistry).
Materials selection and design
This book presents methods and results from the theory of Zariski structures and discusses their applications in geometry as well as various other mathematical fields. Its logical approach helps us understand why algebraic geometry is so fundamental throughout mathematics and why the extension to noncommutative geometry, which has been forced by recent developments in quantum physics, is both natural and necessary. Beginning with a crash course in model theory, this book will suit not only model theorists but also readers with a more classical geometric background.
Tribology is the study of friction, wear and lubrication. Recently, the concept of “green tribology” as “the science and technology of the tribological aspects of ecological balance and of environmental and biological impacts” was introduced. The field of green tribology includes tribological technology that mimics living nature (biomimetic surfaces) and thus is expected to be environmentally friendly, the control of friction and wear that is of importance for energy conservation and conversion, environmental aspects of lubrication and surface modification techniques, and tribological aspects of green applications such as wind-power turbines or solar panels. This book is the first comprehensive volume on green tribology. The chapters are prepared by leading experts in their fields and cover such topics as biomimetics, environmentally friendly lubrication, tribology of wind turbines and renewable sources of energy, and ecological impact of new technologies of surface treatment.
This book describes the properties and device applications of hydrogenated amorphous silicon. It covers the growth, the atomic and electronic structure, the properties of dopants and defects, the optical and electronic properties which result from the disordered structure and finally the applications of this technologically very important material. There is also an important chapter on contacts, interfaces and multilayers. The main emphasis of the book is on the new physical phenomena which result from the disorder of the atomic structure. The book will be of major importance to those who are researching or studying the properties and applications of a-Si:H. It will have a wider interest for anyone working in semiconductor physics and electronic engineering in general.
The Geometry of Moduli Spaces of Sheaves
Theory of Charge Transport in Carbon Electronic Materials
Analytic Theory of Abelian Varieties
Thermo-Hydrodynamic Design of Fluidized Bed Combustors : Estimating Metal Wastage
Surfactants in polymers, coatings, inks and adhesives
One of the major discoveries of the last two decades of the twentieth century in algebraic geometry is the realization that the theory of minimal models of surfaces can be generalized to higher dimensional varieties. This generalization, called the minimal model program or Mori's program, has developed into a powerful tool with applications to diverse questions in algebraic geometry and beyond. This book provides the a comprehensive introduction to the circle of ideas developed around the program, the prerequisites being only a basic knowledge of algebraic geometry. It will be of great interest to graduate students and researchers working in algebraic geometry and related fields.
Introduction to surface chemistry and catalysis
This dissertation contributes to the understanding of fundamental issues in the highly interdisciplinary field of colloidal science. Beyond colloid science, the system also serves as a model for studying interactions in biological matter. This work quantitatively investigated the scaling laws of the characteristic lengths of the structuring of colloidal dispersions and tested the generality of these laws, thereby explaining and resolving some long-standing contradictions in the literature. It revealed the effect of confinement on the structuring, independently of specific properties of the confining interfaces. In addition, it resolved the influence of roughness and charge of the confining interfaces on the structuring, as well as providing a method to measure the effect of surface deformability on colloidal structuring.
Terminal metal composition of an unencapsulated SMD plastic film capacitor
The authors illustrate the basic physics and materials science of conjugated polymers and their interfaces, particularly, but not exclusively, as they are applied to polymer-based light emitting diodes. The approach is to describe the basic physical and associated chemical principles that apply to these materials, which in many instances are different from those that apply to their inorganic counterparts. The main aim of the authors is to highlight specific issues and properties of polymer surfaces and interfaces that are relevant in the context of the emerging field of polymer-based electronics in general, and polymer-based light emitting diodes in particular. Both theoretical and experimental methods used in the study of these systems are discussed. This book will be of interest to graduate students and research workers in departments of physics, chemistry, electrical engineering and materials sciences studying polymer surfaces and interfaces and their application in polymer-based electronics.
Surface water ponding and crop hampering due to soil wetness was monitored in order to evaluate the effects of conservation tillage practices and perennial grass cover on soil infiltrability for five years in situ in gently sloping clayey fields. Thirteen experimental areas, each having three experimental fields, were established in southern Finland. The fields belonged to: autumn mouldboard ploughing (AP), conservation tillage (CT) and perennial grass in the crop rotation (PG). In the third year, direct drilled (DD) fields were established in five areas. Excluding PG, mainly spring cereals were grown in the fields. Location and surface area of ponded water (in the spring and autumn) as well as hampered crop growth (during June-July) were determined in each field by using GPS devices and GIS programs. Surface water ponding or crop hampering occurred when the amount of rainfall was clearly greater than the long-term average. The mean of the relative area of the ponded surface water, indicating the risk of surface runoff, and hampered crop growth was larger in the CT fields than in the AP fields. The differences between means were, however, not statistically significant. Complementary soil physical measurements are required to investigate the reasons for the repeated surface water ponding.
Surface chemistry of froth flotation. Volume 1, Fundamentals
This monograph contains original results in the field of mathematical and numerical modeling of mechanical behavior of granular materials and materials with different strengths. It proposes new models helping to define zones of the strain localization. The book shows how to analyze processes of the propagation of elastic and elastic-plastic waves in loosened materials, and constructs models of mixed type, describing the flow of granular materials in the presence of quasi-static deformation zones. In a last part, the book studies a numerical realization of the models on multiprocessor computer systems. The book is intended for scientific researchers, lecturers of universities, post-graduates and senior students, who specialize in the field of the deformable materials mechanics, mathematical modeling and adjacent fields of applied and calculus mathematics.
"Micro and Nano Sulfide Solid Lubrication" covers the basic principles of sulfide solid lubrication, which is an important field of tribology, an effective means of reducing friction and wear on machine parts, and is closely related to the broader problem of saving energy and materials. This book discusses the low-temperature sulfuration technology which was first developed in China, as well as the two-step methods for preparing various sulfide lubrication films (coatings) created by the authors, which are described in detail. This book is intended for researchers in the fields of tribology, materials science, mechanical design, and structural design. Dr. Haidou Wang and Binshi Xu are both professors at the National Key Laboratory for Remanufacturing, Academy of Armored Forces Engineering, China; Jiajun Liu is a professor at the Department of Mechanical Engineering, Tsinghua University, China.
Now back in print, this highly regarded book has been updated to reflect recent advances in the theory of semistable coherent sheaves and their moduli spaces, which include moduli spaces in positive characteristic, moduli spaces of principal bundles and of complexes, Hilbert schemes of points on surfaces, derived categories of coherent sheaves, and moduli spaces of sheaves on Calabi–Yau threefolds. The authors review changes in the field since the publication of the original edition in 1997 and point the reader towards further literature. References have been brought up to date and errors removed. Developed from the authors' lectures, this book is ideal as a text for graduate students as well as a valuable resource for any mathematician with a background in algebraic geometry who wants to learn more about Grothendieck's approach.
Uniting Electron Crystallography and Powder Diffraction
This monograph presents recent research findings on fracture properties and behavior of the composites, and their damage and cracking process under both quasi-static and impact loading conditions. Theoretical treatment, experimental investigation and numerical simulation aspects of the mechanics of composites, including sandwich structures are included.
Interfacial phenomena : equilibrium and dynamic effects
Materials with Complex Behaviour II : Properties, Non-Classical Materials and New Technologies
Ionic liquid-based surfactant science : formulation, characterization, and applications
Properties of modified starches and their use in the surface treatment of paper
Self-Assembly of Nanostructures : The INFN Lectures, Vol. III
Surface modification of gold nanoparticles and nanoclusters
Practical applications of soft-matter dynamics are of vital importance in material science, chemical engineering, biophysics and biotechnology, food processing, plastic industry, micro- and nano-system technology, and other technologies based on non-crystalline and non-glassy materials. Principles of Soft-Matter Dynamics. Basic Theories, Non-invasive Methods, Mesoscopic Aspects covers fundamental dynamic phenomena such as diffusion, relaxation, fluid dynamics, normal modes, order fluctuations, adsorption and wetting processes. It also elucidates the applications of the principles and of the methods referring to polymers, liquid crystals and other mesophases, membranes, amphiphilic systems, networks, and porous media including multiphase and multi-component materials, colloids, fine-particles, and emulsions. The book presents all formalisms, examines the basic concepts needed for applications of soft-matter science, and reviews non-invasive experimental techniques such as the multi-faceted realm of NMR methods, neutron and light quasi-elastic scattering, mechanical relaxation and dielectric broadband spectroscopy which are treated and compared on a common and consistent foundation. The standard concepts of dynamics in fluids, polymers, liquid crystals, colloids and adsorbates are comprehensively derived in a step-by-step manner. Principles and analogies common to diverse application fields are elucidated and theoretical and experimental aspects are supplemented by computational-physics considerations. Principles of Soft-Matter Dynamics. Basic Theories, Non-invasive Methods, Mesoscopic Aspects appeals to graduate and PhD students, post-docs, researchers, and industrial scientists alike.
This book presents an overview of the general field of biomimetics - lessons from nature. It presents various examples of biomimetics, including roughness-induced superomniphobic surfaces which provide functionality of commercial interest. The major focus in the book is on lotus effect, rose petal effect, shark skin effect, and gecko adhesion.  For each example, the book first presents characterization of an object to understand how a natural object provides functionality, followed by modeling and then fabrication of structures in the lab using nature’s route to verify one’s understanding of nature and provide guidance for development of optimum structures. Once it is understood how nature does it, examples of fabrication of optimum structures using smart materials and fabrication techniques, are presented. Examples of nature inspired objects are also presented throughout.
Zariski Geometries : Geometry from the Logician's Point of View
This book presents the practical aspects of mass measurements. Concepts of gravitational, inertial and conventional mass and details of the variation of acceleration of gravity are described. The Metric Convention and International Prototype Kilogram and BIPM standards are described. The effect of change of gravity on the indication of electronic balances is derived with respect of latitude, altitude and earth topography. The classification of weights by OIML is discussed. Maximum permissible errors in different categories of weights prescribed by national and international organizations are presented. Starting with the necessity of redefining the unit kilogram in terms of physical constants, various methods of defining the kilogram in terms of physical constants are described. The kilogram can be defined by Avogadro’s constant, ion collection of some heavy elements, levitation, voltage and Watt Balance. The detection of very small mass of the order of zeptogram through Nanotechnolgy is also discussed. Latest recommendations of CIPM are given.
Introduction to particle technology
Introduction to Surface and Superlattice Excitations
The G-protein linked receptor : factsbook
Metal-surface reaction energetics : theory and applications to heterogeneous catalysis, chemisorption, and surface diffusion
This book describes the microscopic characterization of the soft matter in the light of new advances acquired in the science of microscopy techniques like AFM, SEM, TEM etc. The book does not focus on the traditional information on the microscopy methods as well as systems already present in different books, but intends to answer more fundamental questions associated with commercially important systems by using new advances in microscopy. Such questions are generally not answered by other techniques. The contents of the book also reflect this as the chapters are not based on describing material systems, but rather on the answering the problems or questions arising in their characterization. Both qualitative as well as quantitative analysis using such microscopic techniques are discussed. Moreover, the book has a broader reach as both polymers as well as biological matter have been included as different sections. Such a text with comprehensive overview of the various characterization possibilities using microscopy methods is currently not available in the market and can be a good reference book for microscopy experts as well as non-experts alike.
This book, "Heat and Mass Transfer in Porous Media", presents a set of new developments in the field of basic and applied research work on the physical and chemical aspects of heat and mass transfer phenomena in a porous medium domain, as well as related material properties and their measurements. The book contents include both theoretical and experimental developments, providing a self-contained major reference that is appealing to both the scientists and the engineers. At the same time, these topics will encounter of a variety of scientific and engineering disciplines, such as chemical, civil, agricultural, mechanical engineering, etc. The book is divided in several chapters that intend to be a short monograph in which the authors summarize the current state of knowledge for benefit of professionals.
Conducting Polymers : A New Era in Electrochemistry
Interfacial Fluid Mechanics : A Mathematical Modeling Approach
Key papers on surface-acoustic-wave passive interdigital devices
Self-cleaning coatings : structure, fabrication and application
Progress in colloid and surface science research
Alkanoic acid-alkylamine complexation and surfactant phase behaviour
Encyclopedia of surface and colloid science / Inv-Pol
The common belief is that light is completely reflected by metals. In reality they also exhibit an amazing property that is not so widely known: under some conditions light flows along a metallic surface as if it were glued to it. Physical phenomena related to these light waves, which are called Surface Plasmon Polaritons (SPP), have given rise to the research field of plasmonics. This thesis explores four interesting topics within plasmonics: extraordinary optical transmission,  negative refractive index metamaterials, plasmonic devices for controlling SPPs, and field enhancement phenomena near metal nanoparticles.  .
Conjugated Polymer Surfaces and Interfaces : Electronic and Chemical Structure of Interfaces for Polymer Light Emitting Devices
Graphene Nanoelectronics : Metrology, Synthesis, Properties and Applications
Piezoelectric Nanomaterials for Biomedical Applications
This volume highlights the latest developments and trends in advanced materials and their properties, the modeling and simulation of non-classical materials and structures, and new technologies for joining materials. It presents the developments of advanced materials and respective tools to characterize and predict the material properties and behavior.
Plasmonic Nanoelectronics and Sensing
Orthogonal Supramolecular Interaction Motifs for Functional Monolayer Architectures
Atom Probe Microscopy
The structure of surfaces : papers pres. at the 1st International Conference on the Structure...(ICSOS-1), held Aug. 13-16, 1984, at the Univ. of California, Berkeley, CA
Thermodynamics of Materials with Memory : Theory and Applications
Hydrophobic interactions
Soft Interfaces : The 1994 Dirac Memorial Lecture
