http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18718 children's music
children's music
Music for little hearts and those who love them
Peter & the wolf : symphonic fairytale, op. 67
Klovnit : Clowns. 2
Ride away on your horses : music, now I'am one
101 Dalmatians : an original Walt Disney Records soundtrack
The music of Disney : a legacy in song. 1
Old Macdonald had a farm and other classic nursery rhymes
Cedarmont worship for kids 3
Disney's hero collection
The magical world of Harry Potter
Off the wall : Dances for young children. Vol. 2.
The children's song book
Cowboy playground : Putumayo Kids presents
The complete keyboard player. Children's songs
Children's party time
Toddler tunes : 25 classic songs for toddlers
Junior choice. Volume 1
Sunday school songs : 15 classic Christian songs for kids
Favorite ABCs & counting songs
This record belongs to
Weird & wacky songs for kids
U2 : Baby style
Bing Crosby sings and narrates Jack B. Nimble : a mother goose fantasy
Music for early learning : songs and musical activities to support children̕ s development
All you need is love : Beatles songs for kids
Pieces are fun. Book one
Seventeen to sing : lyrics by Gladys L. Adshead ; music by George H. Shapiro ; pictures by Decie Merwin
Sergei Prokofiev's Peter and the wolf
Favourite songs : early childhood resource book & companion audio CD
100 singalong songs for kids
Beauty and the Beast : original motion picture soundtrack
Play music together : learn guitar and sing with your kids!
Snow White : and the Seven Dwarfs : Music from the original motion picture sound track
Charlie and Lola's favourite and best music record
The hunchback of Notre Dame : an original Walt Disney Records soundtrack
The magic of Disney
Disney's greatest hits
Dixieland jazz for children
Tubby the Tuba : Manhattan Transfer meets Tubby the Tuba
It's easy to play children's favourites
Through Tenderwood : The magical forest of nursery rhyme songs
Jumbo : vocal selections
The little mermaid : music from the original motion picture soundtrack
Dance on a moonbeam : a collection of songs and poems
Brown girl in the ring
Classroom projects : incredible music made by children in schools
Cedarmont worship for kids 2
A group of dinosaurs dance with their human friends.
The little mermaid : songs from the sea
Delightful duets for young violinists : arranged for solo, duet, and group performances with easy piano accompaniment, and words for singing
Old MacDonald had a farm
The sun and the moon
Songs from the book of Pooh : featuring 22 original fun-filled songs from the TV show
The Disney collection : favourite songs from Disney. Volume 1.
The Aristocats : original motion picture soundtrack
Old MacDonald's barn dance book : for recorder
The Great Big Book Of Children's Songs : Piano/Keyboard
The Kids' music collection : easy piano
The hollow trees
Children's Christmas collection
Peter and the wolf : a suite of easy piano pieces based on the musical tale for children
The ice mountain
Kids bop : halloween party
Just for kids not! : fun songs
Little red wagon
2 sonatinas for piano = 2 sonatiny na fortepian = 2 Sonatinen für Klavier
The Musical mystery tour songbook : Fun songs for children from 4 to 104
The Disney collection. Volume 2: Favourite songs from Disney
Play music together : learn guitar & sing with your kids!
My junior song-book
Peter and the wolf : a musical tale for children = Cuento sinfónico para niños ; op. 67 = Pedro y el lobo
The Disney songwriters collection : Walt Disney's "supercalifragilistic" songwriting team
Songs of the world
Childish music
Fairy tale songs
Peter and the wolf = Pedro y el lobo : musical tale for children = cuento sinfonico para ninos : op. 67
World sing-along : Putumayo Kids presents
Silly songs : 18 wholesome fun songs for kids
Hush little robot
Princess party
All together singing in the kitchen
The three bears : a musical adventure for an orchestra and chorus of young children, story-teller and piano
Songs to help you be good
Carnival of the Animals
Playtime music box : A delightful collection of music to inspire dancing and clapping
Action bible songs : 17 classic Christian songs for kids
Hymns and songs
Golden slumbers : a father's lullaby
Best of children's favourites : Mickey's top 40 tunes
Music for little people 0-3 years : songs, rhymes & lullabies
Children's perception of emotion in music : a cross-cultural study
Will you be my friend?
Let's go everywhere
Pooh's grand adventure : Music from and inspired by the movie : Easy piano
Hot potatoes! : the best of The Wiggles
International handbook of research in arts education
The lion king sing-along : original songs from the film
Bible songs : 16 classic Christian songs for kids
101 Dalmatians and friends
Cedarmont worship for kids 1
Wormzzz! : a lively musical for young children
Yo, it's christmas!
Greatest hits 1 & 2
Lullaby time : sleeping music for babies and young children
Waking up is hard to do
Songs and nursery rhymes of the U.S.A. = Chansons et comptines des Etats-Unis
Arts and skills - source of well-being : Third International Journal of Intercultural Arts Education
Songs to make you laugh
Best of children's favorites : Mickey's top 40 tunes
Disney's Winnie the Pooh lullabies
Oh, wie schön ist Panama : ein musikalisches Märchen : a Musical Tale = The Trip to Panama
Music with the under-fours
Catch the moon
Songs around the world : for young children
Popstar kids : 15 smash hits sung by kids for kids
The little mermaid : an original Walt Disney Records soundtrack
European playground : Putumayo Kids presents
Beauty and the beast : original motion picture soundtrack
We're in the navy now : A musical journey around the world : Thirty-one piano recreations introducing themes and dance rhythms of many nations
Carols for children
The jungle book : original motion picture soundtrack from the animated classic
Pif-paf-poltrie : a musical working-game for children based on Grimm's fairy tale
