http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18780 international economic organisations
international economic organisations
International economic and financial cooperation : new issues, new actors, new responses
Global economic co-operation : a guide to agreements and organizations
Abstract.
Governing globalization : issues and institutions
Who's afraid of the WTO?
Approaches to world order
A dictionary of international trade organizations and agreements
The political economy of international organizations : a public choice approach
The economics of monetary union
Socialist countries face the European community : Soviet-bloc controversies over East-West trade
Global politics of regionalism : theory and practice
The handbook of globalisation
Controlling institutions : international organizations and the global economy
The evaluation of the impacts on the China's automobile industry of WTO's membership
Inside the IMF : an ethnography of documents, technology and organisational action
World Trade Organization (WTO) handbook
International monetary collaboration
Meta-organizations
Global economic institutions : critical writings on global institutions. Volume 3, Finance
Who really runs the global economy? Who benefits most from it? The answer is a triad of 'governance institutions' - The IMF, the World Bank and the WTO. Globalization massively increased the power of these institutions and they drastically affected the livelihoods of peoples across the world. Yet they operate undemocratically and aggressively promote a particular kind of neoliberal capitalism. Under the 'Washington Consensus' they proposed, poverty was to be ended by increasing inequality. This new edition of "Unholy Trinity", completely updated and revised, argues that neoliberal global capitalism has now entered a period of crisis so severe that governance will become impossible. Huge incomes for a small number of super-rich people produced an unstable global economy, rife with speculation and structurally prone to crises. The IMF is in disgrace, the WTO can hardly meet anymore and the World Bank survives as a global philanthropist. Is this the end for the Unholy Trinity?
International economic law : basic documents
Legitimacy, justice and public international law
The Economic Cooperation Organization (ECO) : potentials and prospects of economic cooperation in Central and West Asia
Hypocrisy trap : the World Bank and the poverty of reform
Delegation and agency in international organizations
Managing the world economy : fifty years after Bretton Woods
Behind the scenes at the WTO : the real world of international trade negotiations
Turbulent waters : cross-border finance and international governance
Money talks : the International Monetary Fund, conditionality, and supplementary financiers
Japan's international relations : politics, economics and security
The World Bank : a critical primer
The coming collapse of China
Unholy trinity : the IMF, World Bank and WTO
CIA-CEA 1890-1990 : 100 years at the service of agriculture : history of the European Confederation of Agriculture
New rules for global markets : public and private governance in the world economy
International trade and developing countries : bargaining coalitions in the GATT & WTO
Contesting global governance : multilateral economic institutions and global social movements
EU and WTO regulatory frameworks : complementarity or competition?
Globalization versus development
The greening of trade law : international trade organizations and environmental issues
After hegemony : cooperation and discord in the world political economy
The North-South dialogue : a brief history
Economics of monetary union
Special and differential treatment under the WTO Agreement on Agriculture
A handbook on the WTO customs valuation agreement
International agencies : the emerging framework of interdependence
The constitutionalization of the World Trade Organization : legitimacy, democracy, and community in the international trading system
The regulation of international trade
Principles of international politics
Environmental protection and human rights
Unholy trinity : the IMF, World Bank, and WTO
The organisation for economic co-operation and development  (OECD)
Human rights and the WTO : the case of patents and access to medicines
Conclusion (s. 345-348).
A fair globalization : the role of the ILO
International organisation : world politics : studies in economic and social agencies
Multilateral institutions : a critical introduction
The India phenomenom and Finland : backround study for Sitra ́s India programme
The globalization reader
World economic summits : the role of representative groups in the governance of the world economy
Law and governance in postnational Europe : compliance beyond the nation-state
A handbook of international economic institutions
The rational design of international institutions
Collective management : the reform of global economic organizations
Global economic institutions : critical writings on global institutions. Volume 4, Environment
"With unique scholarly analysis and practical discussion, this book provides a comprehensive introduction to the relationship between environmental protection and human rights being formalized into law in many legal systems. By illuminating human rights theory and the institutions that can be employed to meet environmental goals, this book instructs on environmental techniques and procedures that assist in the protection of human rights. The text provides cogent guidance on a growing international jurisprudence on the promotion and protection of human rights in relation to the environment that has been developed by international and regional human rights bodies and tribunals. It explores a rich body of case law that continues to develop within states on the environmental dimension of the rights to life, to health, and to public participation and access to information. Five compelling contemporary case studies are included that implicate human rights and the environment, ranging from large dam projects, to the creation of a new human rights, to a clean environment"
The World Trade Organization : law, economics and polity
A new world economic order : overhauling the global economic governance as a result of the financial crisis, 2008–2009
The World Trade Organization : law, economics and polics
Economic governance in the age of globalization
National politics in a global economy : the domestic sources of U.S. trade policy
Finlands road to Europe : changes in institutional framework and economic policies
Global economic institutions : critical writings on global institutions. Volume 2, Trade
The political economy of the world trading system : the WTO and beyond
Your heart is a muscle the size of a fist
Negotiating trade : developing countries in the WTO and NAFTA
Trade blocs and the Cold War : the CMEA and the EC challenge, 1969-1976
What's wrong with the WTO and how to fix it
Import/export : how to take your business across borders
Deglobalization : ideas for a new world economy
Quantitative studies of international economic relations
The World Bank : structure and policies
The new economic diplomacy : decision-making and negotiation in international economic relations
Global economic institutions : critical writings on global institutions. Volume 1, General
Regional protection of human rights
Peace formation and political order in conflict affected societies
ECE/TIM/INF
International economic organizations in the international legal process
The United States and multilateral institutions : patterns of changing instrumentality and influence
The WTO as an international organization
The European Community and the challenge of the future
International actors, including key states like the US and organizations such as the UN, EU, African Union, and World Bank, and a range of NGOs, have long been confronted with the question of how to achieve an emancipatory form of peace. As Oliver Richmond explains, there is a level to peacemaking that operates in the realm of dialogue, declarations, symbols and rituals. But after all this pomp and circumstance is where the reality of security, development, politics, economics, identity, and culture figure in; conflict, cooperation, and reconciliation are at their most vivid at the local scale. Thus local peace operations are crucial to maintaining order on the ground even in the most violent contexts. However, as Richmond argues, such local capacity to build peace from the inside is generally left unrecognized, and it has been largely ignored in the policy and scholarly literature on peacebuilding. In Peace and Political Order, Richmond looks at peace processes as they scale up from local to transnational efforts to consider how to build a lasting and productive peace. He takes a comparative and expansive look at peace efforts in conflict situations in countries around the world to consider what local voices might suggest about the inadequacy of peace processes engineered at the international level. As well, he explores how local workers act to modify or resist peace processes headed by international NGOs, and to what degree local actors have enjoyed success in the peace process (and how they have affected the international peace process).
ICC guide to export/import : global standards for international trade
Guide to export-import basics : Vital knowledge for trading internationally
Civil society participation in European and global governance : a cure for the democratic deficit?
International economic institutions
The social construction of free trade : the European Union, NAFTA, and MERCOSUR
