http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18725 legal philosophy
legal philosophy
Ethics in the practice of law
Causation in the law
Transcending jurisprudence : a critique of the architectonics of international law
International law theories : an inquiry into different ways of thinking
On law and reason
Essays in law and politics
Law, morality and religion in a secular society
The Handbook Argumentation Theory provides an up to date survey of the various theoretical contributions to the development of argumentation theory for all scholars interested in argumentation, informal logic and rhetoric. It describes the historical roots of modern argumentation theory that are still an important theoretical background to contemporary approaches. Because of the complexity, diversity and rate of developments in argumentation theory, there is a real need for an overview of the state of the art, the main approaches that can be distinguished and the distinctive features of these approaches. The Handbook covers classical and modern backgrounds to the study of argumentation, the New Rhetoric developed by Perelman and Olbrechts-Tyteca, the Toulmin model, formal approaches, informal logic, communication and rhetoric, pragmatic approaches, linguistic approaches and pragma-dialectics. The Handbook is co-authored by Frans H. van Eemeren, Bart Garssen, Erik C.W. Krabbe, A. Francisca Snoeck Henkemans, Bart Verheij and Jean Wagemans, who are a coherent and prominent writing team whose expertise covers the whole field. The authors are assisted by an international Editorial Board consisting of outstanding argumentation scholars whose fields of interest are represented in the volume.
The sense of injustice
Challenges to law at the end of the 20th century. Vol. 2, Law, justice and culture : proceedings of the 17th World Congress of the International Association for Philosophy of Law and Social Philosophy (IVR) Bologna, June 16-21, 1995
Law and democracy in Neil MacCormick's legal and political theory : the post-sovereign constellation
Opening addresses given at the opening ceremony of the Eleventh World Congress on Philosophy of Law and Social Philosophy, at Finlandia Hall, Helsinki, on August 15, 1983
International forum of contemporary criminal law. 2, Collected papers
Validation of new forms of social organization
Zum Fortschritt von Theorie und Technik in Recht und Ethik = On the advancement of theory and technique in law and ethics
Challenges to law at the end of the 20th century. Vol. 3, Sources of law and legislation : proceedings of the 17th World Congress of the International Association for Philosophy of Law and Social Philosophy (IVR) Bologna, June 16-21, 1995
Concepts of law : comparative, jurisprudential, and social science perspectives
Who are we? : some remarks on the European identity
Post-positivist legal theory : the dual nature of law
Moral legislation : a legal-political model for indirect consequentialist reasoning
Images of law
Immigration, emigration, and migration
Rights and reason : an introduction to the philosophy of rights
The legitimacy of international human rights regimes : legal, political and philosophical perspectives
The rationality and justification of legislation : essays in legisprudence
Social and symbolic effects of legislation under the rule of law
Finnish legal theory in the twentieth century
The philosophy of law : an exposition of the fundamental principles of jurisprudence as The science of right
Normative structures in natural and artificial systems
Plenary main papers and commentaries = Plenarsitzungs-Referate und Korreferate = Documents principaux et commentaires des réunions plénièrs
Managing and maintaining compliance
Collected essays. Vol. 5, Religion and public reasons
Natural law : an introduction to legal philosophy
The judicial application of law
Dignity, rank, and rights
Forgiveness and mercy
The concert of civilizations
Definition and theory in jurisprudence
Glasgow tercentenary essays : 300 years of the School of Law
Explanation and moral justification of behavior
Social conventions : from language to law
Lectures in jurisprudence or the philosophy of positive law
More essays in legal philosophy : general assessments of legal philosophies
The idea of law
Foundations of jurisprudence
The rights of strangers : theories of international hospitality, the global community, and political justice since Vitoria
Introduction to legal theory
The great legal philosophers : selected readings in jurisprudence
Taking rights seriously
On Carl Schmitt's reading of Hobbes : lessons for constitutionalism in international law?
Fundamental legal conceptions as applied in judicial reasoning
Directives and norms
Expert systems in law : impacts on legal theory and computer law
Latin-American philosophy of law in the twentieth century
The theory of justice
Psychoanalytic jurisprudence : on ethics, aesthetics and "law" - on crime, tort and procedure
Moral foundations of American law : faith, virtue and mores
Legal science and the coherence of law
Jurisdiction and illegality : a study in public law
The nature of law
E pluribus unum. Scripta in honorem Eerik Lagerspetz sexagesimum annum complentis
Formalism, fragmentation, freedom : Kantian themes in today's international law
Handbook of argumentation theory
Nietzsche and legal theory : half-written laws
Causation and responsibility : an essay in law, morals, and metaphysics
Facts in law : Association for Legal and Social Philosophy 9. annual conference at Hatfield College, University of Durham 2.-4. April 1982
An introduction to legal reasoning
Braids of justification
Philosophical law : authority, equality, adjudication, privacy
On justice in society
The essays collected in this book address legislation from the viewpoint of legal theory and provide an overview of current research in legisprudence as a new scholarly approach to lawmaking. The overall focus of the volume is on the justification of legislation, with a special emphasis on the intricate notion of legislative rationality. With the rational justification of legislation as their central theme, the essays elaborate on the foundations and bounds of legislation and the search for a more principled lawmaking, discuss the role of legislation within the framework of democratic constitutionalism, analyze legislation as implementation of constitutional law, and explore how legislative argumentation in parliament can be construed as a source of justification of laws.
The tapestry of reason : an inquiry into the nature of coherence and its role in legal argument
Collected essays. Vol. 2, Intention and identity
Egoism or altruism? : the politics of the great balancing act
The nature of the judicial process
Discretionary justice : a preliminary inquiry
Theory of the judicial process : the establishment of facts
The ground and nature of the right
Abstract: Seven conceptions of liberty.
The problem of evil revisited
An analysis of the concept of citizenship : legal, political and social dimensions
Law and Australian legal thinking in the 1980s : a collection of the Australian contributions to the 12th International Congress of Comparative Law
Legal reasoning : the methods of balancing : proceedings of the special workshop "Legal reasoning: the methods of balancing " held at the 24th world congress of the international association for philosophy of law and social philosophy (IVR), Beijing, 2009
A critique of three recent attempts to delimit the boundaries of distributive justice within the moral domain
Where law and morality meet
Philosophy bites back
American legal theory
Collected essays. Vol. 3, Human rights and common good
A common law theory of judicial review : the living tree
The formal bases of law
Law from anarchy to utopia : an exposition of the logical, epistemological and ontological foundations of the idea of law, by an inquiry into the nature of legal propositions and the basis of legal authority. Chhatrapati Singh
The precautionary principle : from theory to practice
Oxford studies in philosophy of law. 1
Philosophy and law
Laws and societies in global contexts : contemporary approaches
Justice : an historical and philosophical essay
The philosophy of right
Roscoe Pound : philosopher of law
The theory of legal science
Legal knowledge based systems : the relation with legal theory
The article discusses a new theory of applicability and statement of the law — legal conceptualism - general theory of law. The legal conceptualism - general theory of law is a development of Aristotle's and Abelard's views on universals regarding the law. Simultaneously, the general theory of law is able to replace the Kelsen's theory. The general theory of law can be either a common denominator to numerous theories of applicability of law known so far..
Essays in legal theory
Legal philosophies of Russian liberalism
Philosophy as cultural politics
Reason and law : studies in juristic philosophy
The morality of law
Re-reading Foucault : on law, power and rights
The birth of American law : an Italian philosopher and the American revolution
Legal philosophy in 17th-century Finland : some reflections
Law, truth and reason : a treatise on legal argumentation
Contemporary analytical theory
Foundational texts in modern criminal law
Theoria vol. 17, part 1-3
Protecting future generations through commons
Moral perfectionism as a challenge to human rights
Legal theory
Is law necessarily unjust?
Self-description and external description of the law
Politics : key concepts in philosophy
The failure of the EU's constitutional project
The cultural study of law : reconstructing legal scholarship
Collected essays. Vol. 4, Philosophy of law
Right, morality, ethical life : studies in G. W. F. Hegelś philosophy of right
Gandhi's philosophy of law
Legal conseptualism general theory of law - a new method of statement of the law and a way of explaining applicability of law
Critical race theory : an introduction
A Glance at the work of Roger Cotterrell
Law and the modern mind
Legal philosophers in Korea
Legal interpretation : perspectives from other disciplines and private texts
Critical argument beyond recognition
An introduction to the philosophy of law : based on the Storrs lectures delivered at Yale University
Law, reason, and justice : essays in legal philosophy
Legal knowledge and analogy : fragments of legal epistemology, hermeneutics and linguistics
A menace to society : radicalism and legal scholarship in the United States, Scandinavia, and Finland, 1965-1980
Reasonableness and law
The nature of law : readings in legal philosophy
Legal thinking revised : my views on law
Exploring the 'socio' of socio-legal studies
The concept "valid law"
Letting God punish tyrants: Jean Bodin on sovereign power and its limitations
Abstract: J.V. Snellman as an interpreter of Hegelś Philosophy of right.
Conditions of validity and cognition in modern legal thought = Geltungs- und Erkenntnisbedingungen im modernen Rechtsdenken
Human law and human justice
Philosophy of law : an introduction
Western rights? : post-communist application
A legal space for the representation of danger
Legal values in western society
Justice
Obligation to obey? : a modern myth
The future of the law
Interdisciplinary research in jurisprudence and constitutionalism
Justice in theory and practice
On law and justice
E pluribus unum : scripta in honorem Eerik Lagerspetz sexagesimum annum complentis
Philosophical foundations of the legal and social sciences : abstracts of congress papers = Die philosophischen Grundlagen der Rechts- und Sozialwissenschaften : Zusammenfassungen der Kongressvorträge = Les fondements philosophiques des sciences juridiques et sociales : résumés des rapports présentés au congrès : per 20.6.1983
Inferno : an anatomy of American punishment
Law, liberty and morality
Deviance and respectability : the social construction of moral meanings
Legal institutions
Just climate? : politics of climate change and cnvironmental justice
Time, law and society : proceedings of a Nordic symposium held May 1994 at Sandbjerg Gods, Denmark
Law, science, technology : plenary lectures presented at the 25th World Congress of the International Association for Philosophy of Law and Social Philosophy, Frankfurt am Main, 2011.
Analyzing law : new essays in legal theory
Lawyers and fidelity to law
Law as rule and principle : problems of legal philosophy
The elementary principles of jurisprudence
Philosophy of law
Critical substantive validity testing of legal norms : the example of homes for care or residence
Law, its nature, functions, and limits
Latin-American legal philosophy
169 "first" maxims : for a biojudicial theory
Legal system and lawyers' reasonings
Law and the practical reason
The sense of justice : biological foundations of law
Politics and education : a critical student-centered approach to the teaching of legal theory
Jurisprudence : theory and context
Homo juridicus : on the anthropological function of the law
Semiotic models of legal argumentation
Liberal criminal theory : essays for Andreas von Hirsch
Modern French legal philosophy
Knowledge, rationality and justification
Historical and philosophical foundations of European legal culture
