http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18759 vocation (calling)
vocation (calling)
Blue bloods. The third season
Dancing in the dark. My struggle book 4
The vocation lectures
The Pastor Bonus : papers read at the British-Dutch colloquium at Utrecht, 18-21 September 2002
A life at work : the joy of discovering what you were born to do
Making all things new : an invitation to the spiritual life
Professional care and vocation : cultivating ethical sensibilities in teaching
Ministerial ethics : moral formation for church leaders
Exceptional life courses : elite athletes and successful artists in 2000s Finland
The concise mastery
Blue bloods. The second season
The collected works. Vol. 1, The inner kingdom
The other calling : theology, intellectual vocation and truth
Honest. Finnish. Magic
Seeking conviviality : re-forming community diakonia in Europe
The self in early modern literature : for the common good
Finding a job you can love
Professional calling of the Finnish soldier of late modernity
Portraits in courage : teachers in difficult circumstances
English summary: Calling, serving, coping: sisters at the Orivesi leprosy hospital (1904-1953).
Svensk missionstidskrift. Vol. 91:4, The missionary - person and ministry
Blue bloods. The fourth season
Portrays a young Irish Catholic's family experiences, political views, and poetic inspirations.
Conversations about calling : advancing management perspectives
Convivial life together : Bible studies on vocation, dignity and justice
Musicians for the churches : reflections on vocation and formation
Max Weber and Thomas Mann : calling and the shaping of the self
Gender and vocation : women, religion and social change in the Nordic countries, 1830-1940
Blue bloods. The first season
The Orthodox pastor : a guide to pastoral theology
You are called!
Witness to dispossession : the vocation of a postmodern theologian
A portrait of the artist as a young man
By the river Piedra I sat down and wept
The mission
Mysticism and vocation
Francis of Assisi
Serve the Lord with gladness : basic reflections on the Eucharist and the priesthood : our life in the liturgy - be my priest
Burn this book : Pen writers speak out on the power of the word
Maresi : the Red Abbey chronicles
Calling or vocation
The liturgy of motherhood : moments of grace
