http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18755 clusters
clusters
Boosting innovation : the cluster approach
Dynamics of regional innovation capacity : exploration of the elements and interactions of competition- and cooperation-based regional innovation systems
Executive summary (s. 9-17).
R and Data Mining : Examples and Case Studies
Clustering of vocabulary for different levels of Finnish learners of EFL : a content analysis on textbooks
Multiscale modeling of effects due to impurity clustering in semiconductor systems
This book introduces using R for data mining. Data mining techniques are widely used in government agencies, banks, insurance, retail, telecom, medicine and research. Recently, there is an increasing tendency to do data mining with R, a free software environment for statistical computing and graphics. According to a poll by KDnuggets.com in early 2011, R is the 2nd popular tool for data mining work. By introducing using R for data mining, this book will have a broad audience from both academia and industry. It targets researchers in the field of data mining, postgraduate students.
The Finnish ICT industry : An analysis of company demographics, internal and external operating conditions
Clusters of Quercus robur and Q. petraea in the Netherlands
Security topics and mobility management in hierarchical ad hoc networks (Samoyed) : final report
Advantage Northwest Russia : the new growth centre of Europe?
The significance of differentation in a cluster of industries
Outskirts of galaxy clusters : intense life in the suburbs : proceedings of the 195th colloquium of the International Astronomical Union, Torino, Italia, March 12-16, 2004
Methods for fast and reliable clustering
K-means based clustering and context quantization
A heuristic method for dealing with the masking effect in linear regression
Summary in Finnish.
Abstract.
Practical methods for speeding-up the PNN method
Development of European forest cluster
Structural simulation of molecular clusters and vapor-liquid interface
QoS- and revenue-aware resource allocation mechanisms in multiclass IP networks
The significance of differentiation in a cluster of industries
Digital innovation : innovation processes in virtual clusters and digital regions
The future is in knowledge and competence : technology strategy - a review of choices
Managing national innovation systems
Variations within consonant clusters in standard Swedish
Financial service cluster attractiveness in Finland
Executive summary (s. 7-17).
Optical properties of small, spherical sodium clusters and dimers calculated using the jellium model and lr-TDDFT
Regionalising the knowledge economy : conference proceedings of the Regional Studies Association annual conference November 2001
Scanning the future of single euro payment area : towards cashless payment methods
What is the role of a cluster in the business co-operation development?
Regional science-based clusters : a case study of three European concentrations
Towards a cluster identity : the case of RoboCluster
A word of greeting
EDC Park needs assessment tool
Computational studies of dispersion interactions in coinage and volatile metal clusters
A business enabling network : a case study of a high-tech network : its concepts, elements and actors
Cluster analysis
Global networks and local linkages : the paradox of cluster development in an open economy
Regional science-based clusters:a case study of three European concentrations
The microeconomics of technological systems
Summary (s. 9-11).
Clusters old and new : the transition to a knowledge economy in Canada's regions
Insights into the repair mechanism of iron-sulfur clusters in Eschericia coli
Studies of structures and melting of small metal clusters
Social sciences and innovation
A parallel genetic algorithm for clustering
Business clusters : an international perspective
Business clusters : promoting enterprise in Central and Eastern Europe
Forest-based and related industries of the European Union : industrial districts, clusters and agglomerations
New alternatives for k-Means clustering
Regional clusters in the Estonian wood processing industry
Studies of opportunities for developing Russian-Finnish transborder clusters : master students' scientific papers
ICT cluster study Helsinki region
Energy consumption analysis of secure and clustered wireless sensor networks
What next? : Finnish ICT cluster and globalization
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary).
CROSS-BORDER GREEN CARE CLUSTER YLITORNIO – ÖVERTORNEÅ: CHALLENGES AND OPPORTUNITIES
The Helsinki region ICT cluster
Exploring the differences of Finnish students in PISA 2003 and 2012 using educational data mining
A tale of two clusters : sharing resources to compete
The clusters phenomenon in the selected Central European countries
Emerging clusters : theoretical, empirical and political perspectives on the initial stage of cluster evolution
ICT cluster Finland Review. 2003
Graph-based agglomerative clustering
Knowledge mining using robust clustering
Mathematical classification and clustering
Building competitive regions : strategies and governance
As the World Thought Leaders on Customer Experience, Colin Shaw and the team at Beyond Philosophy have undertaken more than 18 months of groundbreaking research to discover the emotions that drive and destroy value in an organization, and can now disclose the empirical link between evoking these emotions and substantial financial returns.
Experimental study of nanoscale metal clusters using synchrotron radiation excited photoelectron spectroscopy
Optimal clustering by branch-and-bound technique
Exploratory cluster analysis of genomic high-throughput data sets and their dependencies
Enhancing SME competitiveness : the OECD Bologna Ministerial Conference
Regional foresight in Estonia and Southern Finland : general theory, specific cases
Entrepreneurial networking of small businesses in Latin-America : the case of Villa el Salvador in Peru
Maailman matkailupäivä - World tourism day, Finlandia-talo 27.9.2007 : Tourism opens doors for women
Clusters, innovation systems and ecosystems : studies on innovation policy's concept evolution and approaches for regional renewal
Social capital and business development in high-technology clusters : an analysis of contemporary U.S. agglomerations
The green kingdom : Finland's forest cluster
Clusters' contribution to the development of biotech field : special interest in the Finnish biotech field
Molecular clusters of the main group elements
Technology policy and industrial clusters in a small open economy : the case of Finland
Clusters in urban and regional development
Fuzzy logic and neurofuzzy applications in business and finance
Cluster policies in europe : firms, institutions and governance
Nonparametric methods for multivariate location problems with independent and cluster correlated observations
Devolution and globalisation : implications for local decision-makers
The economics of regional clusters : networks, technology and policy
Creative regions : technology, culture and knowledge entrepreneurship
Multinational enterprises and innovation : regional learning in networks
Cluster policies - cluster development? : a contribution to the analysis of the new learning economy
First principles studies of ionic oxidation of sulfur dioxide and molecular clustering
Building high performance clusters
X-ray and weak lensing measurements of galaxy groups and clusters
Innovative clusters : drivers of national innovation systems
Final report of the Pilot Project for PC Clusters
Startup communities : building an entrerpreneurial ecosystem in your city
The impact of structure and competition on employment in the telecommunications cluster : case Finland
Aquaculture farmer organizations and cluster management : concepts and experiences
Industrial clusters in the Russian Empire 1860-1913
Atomic and molecular clusters
The gap between regional cluster development theories and practical implementation
This book presents the current results of research conducted in the area of clusters and cluster policy development in Central European countries with a focus on Poland, the Czech Republic, the Slovak Republic and Austria. It maps and compares the various conditions influencing cluster development in these selected countries from both the macro (policy, government) and the micro (cluster organisation) level, analyses good practices, and proposes a framework for cluster development in this region. Additionally, the depicted research provides a new perspective on the cluster issue, drawing attention to current trends such as the concept of inter-cluster cooperation and World-Class clusters. The book serves as a guide for successful cluster development, and is a source of valuable research concerning the issue of clusters in the specified region. Its findings will be beneficial both for clusters and institutions supporting their development. The recommendations presented in this volume will be useful for further cluster policy development and shaping the programmes of support for clusters for the new programming period in these countries. The practical findings contained here will also be beneficial in the academic sphere, and will provide assistance for teaching activities.
People - economy - environment : priorities for the future
Research and development in EU forest cluster
The creative industries : culture and policy
Industrial clusters, firm location and productivity : some empirical evidence from Danish firms
Integrating open source distributed rendering solutions in public and closed networking environments
Finnish Pharma Cluster : vision 2010 : target programme initiated by the Finnish Pharma Cluster
Micro-clusters and networks : the growth of tourism
Cluster analysis and Russian forest industry complex
Finland's research clusters : important assets for a new member of the European Union
Application of data mining methods in the study of crime based on international data sources
Exploration into strategic groups and the pharmaceutical industry: Do strategic groups exist in the biopharmaceutical industry? : a study of the Finnish pharma cluster
Creating Linux server cluster for databases
Abstract: Building high performance clusters.
Nordic perspectives on process-based regional development policy
Electronic and structural studies of free and supported metal clusters and molecules
International knowledge and innovation networks : knowledge creation and innovation in medium-technology clusters
Optimization methods for clustering
Labour flow paths as industry linkages : a perspective on clusters and industry life cycles
On data mining applications in mobile networking and network security
Towards a more coherent global economic order
A network approach to business model analyses
The gravitational million-body problem
The DNA of customer experience : how emotions drive value
Thesis purpose is to introduce creating Linux server based cluster for databases with focus being creating, while using minimal amount of resources. For starters thesis is going to introduce programs and methods used to create cluster, also explaining minimum requirements for cluster creation. The aim was to create server cluster, while using minimum amount of resources and while still creating the most useful cluster for enterprise usage. Methods used are going to be covered also to tell basics of the methods. Programs used as basis for the thesis are CentOS 6.6 as operating system and MySQL used as database program that is going to be used for cluster the servers. Base method is master-slave method, but clustering is going to be advanced to master-master state so as professional version is demonstrated. Major obstacles during creating cluster, were finding proper sources to use for thesis and to work out all of possible problems out of the creation. Such as basic configuration changes of operating system for them to work in cluster environment. Cluster was created, but was not integrated to any professional use or was not tested to professional standards. Future of the cases such as mentioned in thesis has not been counted out, because of the usage in future server creation. ^
About the firm's tendency to cluster
From cluster properties to concentrations and from concentrations to cluster properties
Strengthening the regional research driven cluster in terms of competence and cooperation : developing strategic research agenda in the field of sustainable use of biomass - case Central Finland
A Business Enabling Network:a case study of a high-tech network; its concepts, elements and actors
Executive summary (s. 10-12).
Regional Knowledge Economies : Markets, Clusters and Innovation [book review]
Intrusion detection applications using knowledge discovery and data mining
Regional business marketing : how can regions attract investors?
Sustainable welfare in a regional context
How revolutionary was the digital revolution? : national responses, market transitions, and global technology
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
Convergence and clustering in the formation of social protection financing models
Effects of ICT on regional economic efficiency
Analysis of industrial clusters in China
Industrial agglomeration and new technologies : a global perspective
