http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1873 fire extinction
fire extinction
Smoke ventilation in operational fire fighting
Savunhallintajärjestelmät = Smoke and heat control systems
Smoke ventilation in operational fire fighting. Par 2, Multi-storey buildings
Abstract.
Hot work under control
Advanced technology requires simplicity of operation
Interest of safety issues among restaurant personnel
Flashing fire engines
Extinguishment of liquid fires with sprinklers and water sprays - analysis of the test results
Effect of microstructure on the mechanical properties and bendability of direct-quenched ultrahigh-strength steels
Wildland fire management : handbook for trainers
Real-time locating systems for managing extinction of fire
Forest fire!
Wildland fuel fundamentals and applications
Fire protection systems
Wildland fuels are a critical factor in fire management because they are the one factor that managers can control. However, fuels have always been defined, described, and quantified in the context of inputs to fire behavior models. Wildland fuel science was always considered part of fire behavior research and the two have been intimately linked for over 50 years. Now, however, there are many other critical applications for wildland fuels, such as carbon accounting, wildlife habitat assessment, erosion control, and smoke calculation. The rigid fire behavior treatment of fuels does not lend itself to these other important fields. Wildland Fuel Fundamentals and Application is the first book to highlight wildland fuels and treat them as a natural resource rather than just a fire behavior input. This volume serves as a synthesis of fuels information in the context of ecology that can be used to understand basic fuels characteristics to objectively evaluate results of fire research and management applications. It is the only volume to provide a comprehensive description of fuels as well their ecology and measurement in one place.
Can we learn from the heritage lost in a fire : experiences and practises on the fire protection of historic buildings in Finland, Norway and Sweden
Forest fires and the law : a guide for national drafters based on the Fire Management Voluntary Guidelines
Extinguishing efficiency of powders against class A fires
The world encyclopedia of fire engines & firefighting : fire and rescue - an illustrated guide to fire trucks around the world, with 700 pictures of modern and historical appliances
Handbook on forest fire control
Extinguishment of liquid fires with sprinklers and water sprays : description of the tests
The fire engine book
Extinguishing smouldering fires in silos : BRANDFORSK project 745-961
Water mist for fire and smoke control
