http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18814 series of books
series of books
Diary of a wimpy kid : Greg Heffley's journal
The shepherd's crown
Diary of a wimpy kid. 5, The ugly truth
Diary of a wimpy kid. 2, Rodrick rules
Elric of Melniboné
The farseer trilogy : [3-book bundle]
Rocket girl. Volume 1, Times squared
A feast of dragons
Sex. Book one, The summer of hard
March. Book 1
Diary of a wimpy kid. 4, Dog days
Greg Heffley tells about his summer vacation and his attempts to steer clear of trouble when he returns to middle school and tries to keep his older brother Rodrick from telling everyone about Greg's most humiliating experience of the summer.
The son of Neptune
Cast in sorrow
Nowhere men. Volume 1, Fates worse than death
Diary of a wimpy kid. 7, The third wheel
A dangerous path
Fire and ice
In 1814 London, Gretchen must put aside annoyance at the constant buzzing caused by being a Whisperer, concern about her twin brother, her growing feelings for a member of the Order of Iron Nail, and the boredom of being a debutante when a new menace threatens Mayfair.
Into the wild
My friend Dahmer : a graphic novel
Nightfall
The staff of Serapis
The lost hero
Diary of a wimpy kid. 9, The Long haul
B.P.R.D. : Hell on Earth. [13] : end of days
Diary of a wimpy kid : Rodrick rules
Baltimore. Volume 5 : The apostle and the witch or Harju
Uninvited. Book 1
Diary of a wimpy kid : the last straw
In a small southern town with a secret world hidden in plain sight, sixteen-year-old Lena, who possesses supernatural powers and faces a life-altering decision, draws away from her true love, Ethan, a mortal with frightening visions.
The culture of the publisher's series
"George R.R. Martin's acclaimed seven-book fantasy series A Song of Ice and Fire is unique for its strong and multi-faceted female protagonists, from teen queen Daenerys, scheming Queen Cersei, child avenger Arya, knight Brienne, Red Witch Melisandre, and many more. The Game of Thrones universe challenges, exploits, yet also changes how we think of women and gender, not only in fantasy, but in Western culture in general. Divided into three sections addressing questions of adaptation from novel to television, female characters, and politics and female audience engagement within the GoT universe, the interdisciplinary and international lineup of contributors analyze gender in relation to female characters and topics such as genre, sex, violence, adaptation, and fan fictions and fan reviews. The genre of fantasy was once considered a primarily male territory with male heroes. Women of Ice and Fire shows how the GoT universe challenges, exploits, and reimagines gender and why it holds strong appeal to female readers, audiences, and online participants"--
Did I mention I need you?
Diary of a wimpy kid. 3, The last straw
The fury
The informant
Assassin's creed. Templars. [Book 1]
Unleashed
Opuses with pure tones
Secrets of the tattooed girl : the unauthorised guide to the Stieg Larsson trilogy
V for vendetta
Illustrated library of contemporary cooking. Volume 2
The Melting Sea
Finnish comics annual 2012
The mark of Athena
Diary of a wimpy kid. 1
Illustrated library of contemporary cooking. Volume 3
Middle-schooler Greg Heffley nimbly sidesteps his father's attempts to change Greg's wimpy ways until his father threatens to send him to military school.
Half wild
Illustrated library of contemporary cooking. Volume 1
The Uralic and Altaic series : an analytical index, including a complete index to Keleti szemle
Into the still blue. Book 3, Under the Never Sky
a Presents a history of Golden Books, discussing how it was founded in the mist of World War II providing quality books at inexpensive prices and used innovative writers and marketing techniques to establish itself as a highly successful publishing firm.
Rising storm
A quest of heroes
Forest of secrets
Cast in flight
A march of kings
Ink and bone
Greg records his sixth grade experiences in a middle school where he and his best friend, Rowley, undersized weaklings amid boys who need to shave twice daily, hope just to survive, but when Rowley grows more popular, Greg must take drastic measures to save their friendship.
Whisper the dead
Toklo, Kallik, Lusa, and Yakone trek onward toward the Melting Sea, the site of Kallik's traumatic cubhood--and prepare to be separated for the first time since their journey began
Cast in flame
Shades of earth
The Uralic and Altaic series : an analytical index, including a complete index to Keleti Szemle
Island of shadows
The darkest hour
Fracture me. Book 2
Swarms of locusts, record-breaking heat, and devastating storms ravage Gatlin as Ethan and Lena struggle to understand and control the impact of Lena's claiming, which is even causing her family members' abilities to dangerously misfire.
Batman : Year one
The impact of cultural globalisation on English textbooks series Culture Café and In Touch
Bizenghast. Issue 8
In a small South Carolina town, where it seems little has changed since the Civil War, sixteen-year-old Ethan is powerfully drawn to Lena, a new classmate with whom he shares a psychic connection and whose family hides a dark secret that may be revealed on her sixteenth birthday.
Angus, thongs and full-frontal snogging. book 1
The Staff of Serapis : Percy Jackson & Kane Chronicles crossover
Diary of a wimpy kid. 8, Hard luck
Trashed
Golden legacy : the story of Golden Books
Anne of Green Gables
Women of ice and fire : gender, Game of thrones, and multiple media engagements
Finnish comics annual 2011
Diary of a wimpy kid. 6, Cabin fever
Pragmatics exercises and pragmatic metalanguage in English United textbook series for Finnish upper secondary school
Baltimore. Volume two : The curse bells
The Paranet
Bighead
Batman : the Dark Knight returns
The zombie survival guide : complete protection from the living dead
Batman vs. superman : the greatest battles
White death
