http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18876 senior nursing officers
senior nursing officers
Codex born
Kafka on the shore
The collaborative imperative : librarians and faculty working together in the information universe
"In the ongoing evolution of the academic library, embedded librarianship has become an important topic of debate across levels and departments. This book delves into the concept, examining everything from theory to best practices"--
Clinical supervision and well-being at work : a four-year follow-up study on female hospital nurses
World guide to library, archive and information science education
Embedded librarianship : what every academic librarian should know
Global issues in 21st century research librarianship : NORDINFOs 25th anniversary publication
The new university library : issues for the '90s and beyond : essays in honour of Ian Rogerson
He is young. He is hot. He is also evil. He is ....... the librarian. Cynthia's best friend, Annie, falls head over heels for the new high-school librarian, but after meeting Mr. Gabriel, Cyn realizes something isn't quite right. Maybe it's the creepy look in the librarian's eyes... or the blood and horns and bat-like wings that appear when he thinks no one is looking. He's a demon... and now Cyn has to save her best friend from the clutches of the evil librarian, who also seems to be slowly sucking the life force out of the entire student body / Library off Congress.
Teaching of forestry in Suomi, general features
Sourcery : discworld novel
Library models in academic libraries : comparative case study: University of Cambridge and Anglia Ruskin University
Crusible of secrets
Getting into nursing
Reading and the reference librarian : the importance to library service of staff reading habits
The Helsinki University Library - The National Library of Finland : 1640-2010
New directions for academic liaison librarians
Unbound
Combating student plagiarism : an academic librarian's guide
Subject librarians : engaging with the learning and teaching environment
Assessing liaison librarians : documenting impact for positive change
Faculty-librarian relationships
Informaatiolukutaito osana oppimisprosessia = Information literacy and its role in the learning process
Religio et bibliotheca : festskrift till Tore Ahlbäck 14.3.2001
Journal of academic librarianship
