http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18822 target groups
target groups
Gender, design, and marketing : how gender drives our perception of design and marketing
Essentials of contemporary advertising
Professional's guide to target marketing : how to gain profitable new business
This thesis will present some ideas for customer research that can be adopted when developing Finnforest's websites. Finnforest, the client, has an on-going website development process, where the main focus is on building more user-friendly sites to better serve customers.    The aim of this thesis is to present selected market research theories that the client can consider when planning the next steps of their website development process. The goal is not to give concrete suggestions on how to improve individual tools on a website, but rather to present some methods on how users' ideas can be researched.    The main customer research method presented is focus group interviews; this thesis presents the findings of four focus groups conducted in January and February 2011. Two of the focus groups were conducted in the United Kingdom, one in Finland and one in Germany. The focus groups were conducted by the client and not the author of this thesis.    It was clear from the focus group interviews that users from the different target groups wanted more information about products, and also wanted to see inspirational pictures and videos.    The role of social media and how they can be utilised should be considered carefully. Social media offer many possibilities, but some of the focus groups indicated that at least for now social media did not particularly interest the participants on a larger scale.
Culture and positioning as determinants strategy : personality and the business organization
Advertising theory
Why she buys : the new strategy for reaching the world's most powerful consumers
Advertising media planning : a brand management approach
Don't think pink : what really makes women buy - how to increase your share of this crucial market
Do the web write : writing for and marketing your website
Abstract.
The market research toolbox : a concise guide for beginners
Promoting culture exchange programs to USA through personal communication channels
An event and marketing plan for the 90th anniversary year of the Hotel Hetan Majatalo in 2014
Countryside holidays in Finland. Part 3, Market study for Russia
Ethnic marketing : accepting the challenge of cultural diversity
Ethnic marketing : culturally sensitive theory and practice
Advertising to the American woman 1900-1999
Developing a marketing plan : case company Rakennusliike Laaksokunnas Oy
Building bridges for personalization : a process view
Ageless marketing : strategies for reaching the hearts & minds of the new customer majority
Hug your customers : the proven way to personalize sales and achieve astounding results
Demographic targeting : the essential role of population groups in retail marketing
What customers want : using outcome-driven innovation to create breakthrough products and services
Lead generation and management plan for Wellness Friski
The stuff you can't bottle : advertising for the global youth market
Customer research methods in website development process : focusing on focus groups
Focus groups : from structured interviews to collective conversations
This business of global music marketing
Aggregated ICT survey report
Factors affecting industrieal buying decisions when buying bottled water in Finland : case: Voss water
The success of communication in the adventures of Joe Fin campaign : self-evaluated effects on health behaviour
Towards a democratic EU: online communication ia an organisational and civil context
The purpose of this thesis was to find right marketing channel options for the case company Sininka, which manufactures and sells jewellery. Entrepreneur has used many marketing channels in which the money builds up on different basis and the money flow to the company is unstable and uncertain. By comparing different marketing channels the purpose is to find the right marketing channels for this particular case company to ensure profitable and rational operations.  Theory part discusses marketing mix, target market, buyer behaviour and marketing channels on a general level. Theory part was conducted by using professional literature and online sources, limiting the alternatives to more recent ones, as some of the topics are relatively new. This was to ensure that the newest possible information was taken into account.  The thesis was conducted by using qualitative research methods. Information concerning the empirical part was gathered from the entrepreneur in face-to-face and e-mail interviews. The entrepreneur gave permission to use the company's financial statements as well, which made it possible to conduct a simple financial analysis to support the empirical part. Findings from the theoretical part were used in the empirical part to create a clear picture of the case company's current operations.  Based on the theoretical research and empirical research the last part of the thesis delivers recommendations and actions for the case company, so that in the future it is possible to utilize the right marketing channels in order to save time and money, and also to stabilize the money flow.
"The ethnic diversity of advanced and newly industrialised economies is growing. Instead of adapting to dominant western culture, ethnic minorities are preserving their identities, both as a diasporic communities and within their adopted countries. There is a growing awareness that this uniqueness calls for quite different communication, product and service preferences and that it's crucial for marketers to understand their needs. Ethnic Marketing shows the rich opportunities that ethnic minority communities have to offer, as well as offering instruction on the design and implementation of effective social and business marketing strategies. The text offers practical guidance on assessing the needs of individual ethnic communities and a guide to marketing to these communities within various countries. Building on the research published in Pires' and Stanton's 2005 book, this is a fully referenced review of the most vital and recent literature. Throughout, the authors link research to practice via interviews with experts in ethnic marketing, both scholars and practitioners, as well as a selected number of ethnic group gatekeepers. The result is an invaluable guide to best practice to ethnic marketing across the world, plus expert insights into the future of this dynamic area. This is an excellent resource for researchers and advanced marketing students taking both postgraduate and undergraduate courses in marketing management or strategy, as well as government, marketing practitioners and businesses seeking ways to reach ethnic communities"--
Successful qualitative health research : a practical introduction
Business-to-business market research
Marketing trade fair stands : Case Study: Stylexpo Ltd
50+ marketing : marketing, communicating and selling to the over 50s generations
Branded male : marketing to man
Strategic advertising management
The affluent consumer : marketing and selling the luxury lifestyle
Focus groups in social research
Marketing Towards Children-Ethical Concerns
Focus groups : theory and practice
Relevance of identity and lifestyle in LGBT : segment for corporate marketing
Too busy to shop : marketing to "multi-minding" women
Using focus groups in research
Building the bridgehead for E-learning market of Shanghai City : case study of Kemi-Tornio UAS
Customer awareness and customer attraction for TEMA-matkat : Finnmatkat specialty travel case
Brandchild : remarkable insights into the minds of today's global kids and their relationships with brands
Transforming museums in the twenty-first century
This widely-cited book offers a unique blend of theory and practice in a single, easy-to-read source. It provides a systematic treatment of the design, conduct, and interpretation of focus group data within the context of social science research and theory.
Focus groups : a practical guide for applied research
This little kiddy went to market : the corporate capture of childhood
Make a fortune selling to women : the deal makers and deal breakers you must know to close the deal every time!
Design research in information systems : theory and practice
Understanding children as consumers
Designing an appealing website : case: Software Forum
The focus group research handbook
Beyond listening : learning the secret language of focus groups
The user is always right : a practical guide to creating and using personas for the Web
The success of communication in the Adventures of Joe Fin campaign : self-evaluated effects on health behaviour
Wonder woman : marketing secrets for the trillion-dollar customer
Towards a democratic EU : online communication ia an organisational and civil context
Bohemians and established : mapping Milan '01
Focus testing method in software quality control
Countryside holidays in Finland. Part 1, Market study for France
The nature of marketing : marketing to the swarm as well as the herd
Research methods in early childhood : an introductory guide
Increasing the Attractiveness of an Event : Case Oulu Days 2013
Brand and branding strategy in food industry : case: Kinh Do Corporation and Solite brand
Techno-ready marketing : how and why your customers adopt technology
Marketing communications : a brand narrative approach
Your call is important to us : the truth about bullshit
Countryside holidays in Finland. Part 2, Market study for Germany
Finding the right marketing channel options for the case company: Sininka
Focus groups : supporting effective product development
Hub culture : the next wave of urban consumers
The handbook for focus group research
The right sensory mix : targeting consumer product development scientifically
Marketing plan for pet store Tassumassu
Lifestyle marketing : reaching the new American consumer
Consuming kids : the hostile takeover of childhood
How to validate design : validating design using target group interview
Russians are an important customer segment in Finnish tourism. They make over two thirds of the whole amount of foreign tourists coming to Finland per year. Tourism infrastructure in Tampere region is versatile and potential. The problem is that no large scale efforts are made to attract Russian travelers to Tampere. This research was made to construct an operative model for strategic cooperation network which would act as a tourism development organization concentrating on Russian customers. The network model represents a strategic cooperation between research and development operators and tourism companies in the Tampere region. This collaboration aims to utilize the knowledge resources of both parties in strategically planned processes. The objective of these processes is allocating and conceptualizing the tourism supply for Russian customers through product development. The prospects of making the Tampere region a more attractive travelling destination to Russian customers is feasible. It does not require extensive operations, but it can be done with developing products/services and service readiness/competency. The main objectives are to satisfy current needs of Russian customers, to create more demand and to productize the tourism supply considering Russian travelers.
Collecting, managing, and assessing data using sample surveys
Using technology to sell : tactics to ratchet up results
The persona lifecycle : keeping people in mind throughout product design
Globalizing ideal beauty : how female copywriters of the J. Walter Thompson Advertising Agency redefined beauty for the twentieth century
Finnish skin care market analysis : consumer behavior in Finnish skin care markets
Promoting the European Union : attitudinal stance adjectives in three genres of EU communication to the public
Marketing communications : a European perspective
Imaging in advertising : verbal and visual codes of commerce
Eddie Rocket's Franchise : setting up a franchise restaurant in Helsinki
Countering design exclusion : an introduction to inclusive design
Beyond powerful radio : a communicator's guide to the internet age : news, talk, information & personality for broadcasting, podcasting, internet, radio
Operational model for strategic cooperation network
Data collection methods : semi-structured interviews and focus groups
Packaging : design successful packaging for spesific customer groups
Branding the man : why men are the next frontier in fashion retail
Managing visitor attractions : new directions
Loopa : a business development method for entrepreneurs : how to turn your business idea into a hit with customers!
Mind your x's and y's : satisfying the 10 cravings of a new generation of consumers
From idea to business : case: Grape Station Ay
Laser fluorescence in detecting and monitoring the progression of occlusal dental caries lesions and for screening persons with unfavourable dietary habits
Market segmentation success : making it happen!
Social research
Dialogue in focus groups : exploring socially shared knowledge
What she's not telling you : why women hide the whole truth and what marketers can do about it
The research process in nursing
Advanced focus group research
