http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18829 master of business administration degree
master of business administration degree MBA degree
The every day MBA : how to turn world-class business thinking into everyday business brilliance
The future MBA : 100 ideas for making sustainability the business of business education
"Mintzberg asserts that conventional MBA classrooms overemphasize the science of management while ignoring its art and denigrating its craft, leaving a distorted impression of its practice. We need to get back to a more engaging style of management, to build stronger organizations, not bloated share prices. This calls for another approach to management education, whereby practicing managers learn from their own experience. We need to build the art and the craft back into management education, and into management itself." "Mintzberg examines what is wrong with our current system. Conventional MBA programs are mostly for young people with little or no experience. These are the wrong people. Programs to train them emphasize analysis and technique. These are the wrong ways. They leave graduates with the false impression that they have been trained as managers, which has had a corrupting effect on the practice of management as well as on our organizations and societies. These are the wrong consequences." "Mintzberg describes a very different approach to management education, which encourages practicing managers to learn from their own experience. No one can create a manager in a classroom. But existing managers can significantly improve their practice in a thoughtful classroom that makes use of that experience."--BOOK JACKET. Crump.
Entrepreneurship education in basic and upper secondary education : measurement and empirical evidence
The personal MBA : a world-class business education in a single volume
Ranking business schools : forming fields, identities, and boundaries in international management education
The best business schools' admissions secrets : a former Harvard Business School Admissions Board member reveals the insider keys to getting in
femaleForum : competence for the future
The 10-day MBA : a step-by-step guide to mastering the skills taught in America's top business schools
Mastering strategy : the complete MBA companion in strategy
MBA admissions strategy : from profile building to essay writing
Management knowledge : a critical view
The 30 day MBA in business finance : your fast track guide to business success
Which MBA? ; a critical guide to the world's best programmes
The MBA handbook : study skills for postgraduate management study
THE SERVICE SYSTEM PROCESS OF KYUAS IN THE EYES OF AN UNEMPLOYED MBA STUDENT
Managers not MBAs : a hard look at the soft practice of managing and management development
How to get into the top MBA programs
English summary: Henley MBA in Finland.
Which MBA? : making the right choice of executive education
The future of the MBA : designing the thinker of the future
Which business qualification? : the comprehensive guide to MBA and postgraduate business courses throughout the world
Competitive edge : a guide to graduate business programs
Summary.
What the best MBAs know : how to apply the greatest ideas taught in the best business schools
Inside the business schools : the content of European business education
Analysis of MBA studies on company management point of view
FemaleForum : competence for the future
Rethinking the M.B.A. : business education at a crossroads
Activity based costing in an educational institution
The working life implementations of Master of Business Administration (MBA) theory studies in YIT Primatel Ltd
The portable MBA
The effect of an MBA on the development of women's management competencies : a gender viewpoint
Private sector's appreciation of BBA and MBA degrees
A guide to Master of Business Administration (MBA) programs in Canada, United States and Great Britain
Managers, not MBAs : a hard look at the soft practice of managing and management development
Managers, not MBA's : a hard look at the soft practice of managing and management development
Can ethics be taught? : perspectives, challenges, and approaches at Harvard Business School
The 10-day MBA : a step-by-step guide to mastering the skills taught in top business schools
The business school and the bottom line
How to get into the right business school
Secrets to getting into business school : 100 proven admissions strategies to get you accepted at the MBA program of your dreams
