http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18892 aspen
aspen
Forest trees
Wound care in home care : Information booklet for Kotipeura
Supporting evidence-based practice : a clinical review of TLC technology
On the seasoning and decay of aspen pulpwood prepared in summertime.
Management of Complex Wounds
Clonal differences of aspen (Populus spp.) in responses to elevated ozone and soil nitrogen
Breeding of aspen and poplars in Finland
Journal of tissue viability
Can physiological and anatomical characters be used for selecting high yielding hybrid aspen clones
Emergence and survival of Populus tremula seedlings under varying moisture conditions
Does elevated ozone predispose northern deciduous tree species to abiotic and biotic stresses?
Epiphytology of Melampsora rusts of Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris L.) and aspen (Populus tremula L.)
Effects of elevated ozone on growth and foliar traits of European and hybrid aspen
Secondary xylem formation in transgenic hybrid aspen trees with an altered indole-3-acetic acid balance
Biology of Populus and its implications for management and conservation
Short-rotation bioenergy stands as an alternative to spruce plantations: implications for bird biodiversity
Genetics and genomics of Populus
Role of zinc, carbohydrate reserves, and soil properties in the vegetative reproduction of Aspen
Factors affecting the usability of aspen (Populus tremula) wood dried at different temperature levels
Epiphytic lichens on Populus tremula : implications for conservation
Wound care made incredibly easy
Trees facing high humidity : effects on growth, mineral nutrition and foliar metabolites in birch and aspen
Management and utilization of broadleaved tree species in Nordic and Baltic countries : birch, aspen and alder : proceedings of the Workshop held in Vantaa, Finland, May 16 to 18, 2001
Site index curves for European aspen ( Populus tremula L.) growing on forest land of different soils in Sweden
The professional role and competence of tissue viability nurses in Finland
Modelling the risk of pine twisting rust (Melampsora pinitorqua) damage in Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris) stands in Finland
Large poplar longhorn, Saperda carcharias (L.), as food for white-backed woodpecker, Dendrocopos leucotos (Bechst.)
Wound management
Wood properties of northern forest trees grown under elevated CO2, O3 and temperature
Multiplication of hybrid aspen (Populus tremula L. x P. tremuloides Michx.) from cuttings
Fast-growing hybrids of Populus L. have an increasing importance as a source of renewable energy and as industrial wood. Nevertheless, the long-term sensitivity of Populus hybrids to weather conditions and hence to possible climatic hazards in Northern Europe have been insufficiently studied, likely due to the limited age of the trees (short rotation). In this study, the climatic sensitivity of ca. 65-year-old hybrid poplars (Populus balsamifera L. × P. laurifolia Ledeb.), growing at two sites in the western part of Latvia, and ca. 55-year-old hybrid aspens (Populus tremuloides Michx. × P. tremula L.), growing in the eastern part of Latvia, have been studied using classical dendrochronological techniques. The high-frequency variation of tree-ring width (TRW) of hybrid poplar from both sites was similar, but it differed from hybrid aspen due to the diverse parental species and geographic location of the stands. Nevertheless, some common tendencies in TRW were observed for both hybrids. Climatic factors influencing TRW were generally similar for both hybrids, but their composition differed. The strength of climate-TRW relationships was similar, but the hybrid poplar was affected by a higher number of climatic factors. Hybrid poplar was sensitive to factors related to water deficit in late summer in the previous and current years. Hybrid aspen was sensitive to conditions in the year of formation of tree-ring. Both hybrids also displayed a reaction to temperature during the dormant period. The observed climate-growth relationships suggest that increasing temperatures might burden the radial growth of the studied hybrids of Populus..
Variation in survival and growth of cuttings in two clonal propagation methods for hybrid aspen (Pupulus tremula x P. tremuloides)
Management and utilization of broadleaved tree species in Nordic and Baltic countries : birch, aspen and alder : proceedings of the workshop held in Vantaa, Finland, May 16 to 18, 2001
Distribution of epiphytic lichens on Populus tremula and Salix caprea in old-growth and managed forests of middle and boreal Finland
Marketing of forest reproductive material : the use of microsatellites for identification of registered tree clones in Finland
This issue of Critical Care Nursing Clinics, Guest Edited by Janet Foster, PhD, RN, CNS, will focus on Wound Care, with article topics including: Wound management; wound debridement; acute wounds; nutrition and wound healing; biology of acute wound failure; psychological stress and wound healing; chronic wound management in the elderly; and adjuncts to preparing wounds for closure: growth factors, skin substitutes, negative pressure therapy and hyperbaric oxygen.
Gene regulation of UDP-glucose synthesis and metabolism in plants
Migrational capacity of Fennoscandian populations of Venturia tremulae
Effect of climatic factors on tree-ring width of Populus hybrids in Latvia
Afforestation of farmland : soil changes and the uptake of heavy metals and nutrients by trees
Effect of weed control with fibre mulches and herbicides on the initial development of spruce, birch and aspen seedlings on abandoned farmland
Endogenous haemoglobins and heterologous <em>Vitreoscilla</em> haemoglobin in hybrid aspen
A relation between historical forest use and current dead woody material in a boreal protected old-growth forest in Finland
Sickness absence according to diagnoses among employees in food industry from 2003 to 2008
Wounds and Lacerations : Emergency Care and Closure
Equine wound management
Ecology, management, and use of aspen and balsam poplar in the prairie provinces, Canada
Endogenous haemoglobins and heterologous Vitreoscilla haemoglobin in hybrid aspen
Genetic diversity of Populus cathayana Rehd populations in southwestern China revealed by ISSR markers
Wounds : biology and management
Kozier & Erb's fundamentals of nursing : concepts, process, and practice
Population genetic survey of Populus cathayana originating from southeastern Qinghai-Tibetan Plateau of China based on SSR markers
The challenge of Finnish wood
Wound Care at a Glance
Airborne laser scanning based identification and interpretation on ecologically important old-growth forest habitats in natural conservation areas
Selection and propagation of hybrid aspen clones for growth and fibre quality
Among the aspen : life in an aspen grove
Wound care essentials : practice principles
New records of Funalia trogii, Perenniporia tenuis and Polyporus pseudobetulinus from Finland, with notes on their habitat requirements and conservation implications
Changes in proanthocyanidin pathway affect other phenolics and growth of aspen and birch
Software application on the profitability of growing improved aspen
Manual of canine and feline wound management and reconstruction
Impacts of temperature and ozone on carbon retention processes of birch and aspen
Text atlas of wound management
Heating values of mature trees
Forest tree breeding in Estonia
Long-term importance of aspen retention trees in the conservation of epiphytic bryophytes
Nomenclatural and taxonomical notes on some woody plants in Finland
Trauma radiology companion : methods, guidelines, and imaging fundamentals
Proceedings of the meeting of the IUFRO Working Party S2.05-05, Resistance in pines to Melampsora pinitorqua, June, 1979, Suonenjoki, Finland = IUFRO:n työryhmän S2.05-05, Versoruosteenkestävyys männyssä, kesäkuussa 1979 Suonenjoella pidetyn kokouksen esitelmät
Wound care documentation model : an innovation for clinical nursing.
Chronic wound care : a problem-based learning approach
Epiphytic bryophytes on European aspen Populus tremula in old-growth forests in northeastern Finland and in adjacent sites in Russia
Cyanobacterial macrolichens of Populus tremula as indicators of forest continuity in Finland
Global change and sexual dimorphism in two Salicaceous species
Genetically modified silver birch and hybrid aspen : target and non-target effects of introduced traits
Ecological interactions between herbivores and silver birch and aspen trees genetically modified for fungal disease resistance
Growth and phenology of hybrid aspen clones (Populus tremula L. x Populus tremuloides Michx.)
Effect of genotype, age and treatment of stock plants on propagation of hybrid aspen (Populus tremula x Populus tremuloides) by root cuttings
Experiences of forest genetics under timberline conditions
Summary.
Colonization of Melampsora uredia on aspen leaves by Cladosporium sp
Honey : a modern wound management product
Essential orthopaedics and trauma
Extractives in stemwood and knots of acacia and aspen trees
Early effects of manipulating aspen density and spatial arrangement on lodgepole pine performance, aspen sucker production, and stand development in an 11-year-old stand in the SBPSxc subzone of South-central British Columbia
Volatile organic compounds emitted from silver birch and European aspen in response to environmental stresses
Bilberry (Vaccinium myrtillus L.) in a boreal forest ecosystem : effects on tree seedling emergence and growth
Production of macrofungi and the structure of dipterous communities of young pine and aspen forests in southern Karelia
Effects of elevated temperature and/or ozone on leaf structural characteristics and volatile organic compound emissions of northern deciduous tree and crop species
Spatial pattern of Populus tremula and its cyanobacterial lichen epiphytes in an old-growth forest
Collagenase-2 (matrix metalloproteinase-8) in tongue squamous cell carcinoma, bone osteosarcoma, and wound repair
Interactions between transgenic trees and mycorrhizal and pathogenic fungi
Aspen in papermaking : papers from research consortium 'Aspen in papermaking' : seminar of the Wood Wisdom project 20.11.2000 in Espoo, Finland
Step by step : wound healing
Biochemical aspects of litter decomposition process
Acute and chronic wounds : nursing management
Relative impact of aspen competition and soil factors on the performance of lodgepole pine and hybrid white spruce in north-central British Columbia
Connective tissue formation in wound healing : an experimental study
European aspen and hybrid aspen under changing environment : leaf traits, growth and litter decomposition
Mechanical behaviour of hardwoods : effects from cellular and cell wall structures
Wound Care at a Glance combines superb illustrations with accessible and informative text to make the key concepts of wound care easy to understand. Providing practical guidance for all healthcare professionals who care for people with wounds, or who have an interest in this complex area of healthcare, it succinctly addresses a wide range of issues including relevant anatomy and physiology, psychological issues, physical care considerations, patient safety issues, legal and ethical issues, and various treatment and management options.
Reproduction and population structure in the European aspen
The occurrence of an underscribed species of Venturia in blighted shoots of Populus tremula
Textbook on First Aid and Emergency Nursing
Genetic relationships among poplar species in section Tacamahaca (Populus L.) form western Sichuan, China
Thrips (Thysanoptera) from dead aspen (Populus tremula) trees in Eastern Finland
Suomen geologinen kartta 1:100 000 : kallioperäkartta = Geological map of Finland : pre-quaternary rocks. Lehti 2433, Haapavesi
With Wounds and Lacerations: Emergency Care and Closure, you'll get clear, concise guidance on the latest techniques and strategies for treating lacerations, wounds, and burns. This medical reference book will help you optimize every aspect of patient care based on current literature and guidelines.Expedite review and reference with a bulleted 'Key Practice Points'section at the beginning of each chapter. Quickly reference the latest recommendations for tetanus and rabies prophylaxis. Implement the latest approaches for the use of ultrasound in foreign-body detection and removal; use of absorbable sutures on the face and hand; approaching complicated infections such as MRSA; managing chronic wounds seen in elderly and diabetic patients; applying new suture techniques and materials for pediatric patients; and updated recommendations for tetanus and rabies prophylaxis. Get step-by-step visual guidance on all aspects of wound care through more than 300 detailed line drawings and photographs showing techniques for wound assessment, irrigation, closure, wound dressing, foreign body removal, administration of local anesthesia, and follow-up care. Quickly find all the relevant information necessary to treat patients with material that focuses only on injuries that are handled by emergency physicians.
Regulatory mechanisms mediating matrix metalloproteinase-8 effects in oral tissue repair and tongue cancer
The care of wounds : a guide for nurses
Striving for purity : interviews with people with malodorous exuding ulcers and their nurses
Ouch! I need a plaster
Spatial distribution of components in wood by ToF-SIMS
Investigations on the mode of combination of lignin in wood, with special fererence to aspen (Populus tremula) wood
Vascular flora of Inari Lapland. 3: Salicaceae
Industrial use of aspen fibres
Asepsis in wound management : an observation study
Wood-rotting Aphyllophorales (Basidiomycetes) on aspen (Populus tremula) in managed and old-groth forests of Kainuu, eastern Finland
Wound management : access to clinical education
Wound care
Summary: Distribution and ecology of 18 species of Salix and of Populus tremula is described, with notes on their morphology, taxonomy, variation and hybridization...
Epiphytic lichen flora and diversity on Populus tremula in old-growth and managed forests of southern and middle boreal Finland
Effects of variable aspen retention on stand development, aspen sucker production, and growth of lodgepole pine in the SBSdw1 variant of south-central British Columbia
