http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1884 musical exercise
musical exercise
Step & dance : : best of 2007.
Zump4 the heat : just dance
Handbook of music games
Zump4 the heat : let's get loud
Music fundamentals for dance
Christian workout playlist : medium paced
Pure...fitness :4cds of the greatest music to help you get fit
Music, Moving & learning in early childhood : a manual of songs, lesson plans and basic theory for teachers, students and parents of young children aged 3-5 years
Zump4 the heat. Dance again
Christian workout playlist : Perfect for slow paced workouts
Rhythm and mouvement : applications of Dalcroze Eurhythmics
The Orff echo
Zump4 the heat: Gangnam style
Kids love to move and it is proven that children learn academic concepts better when those concepts are combined with music and movement. So Debby Mitchell created a book and DVD package that includes video clips that combine learning with music and movement. The DVD also includes reproducible assessments, lyrics, and posters that can be used in the classroom to facilitate learning.
Music in the early years
Low impact : best of 2002.
Eurhythmics of Jaques-Dalcroze : introduction by Professor M. E. Sadler
Zump4 the heat. Rock that body
Aerobic & fitness hits : get in shape with the greatest pop hits!
Zump4 the heat. Just dance
Music and movement : a way of life for the young child
Zump4 the heat : give me everything
Experiences in movement with music, activities and theory
Creative arts therapies and clients with eating disorders
Powermix. 5 : Interval circuit
Power mover 2012.
Eurythmics for autism and other neurophysiologic diagnoses : a sensorimotor music-based treatment approach
Zump4 the heat. Gangnam style
Summer mix : step & shape. 7.
Keeping together in time : dance and drill in human history
Zump4 the heat. Hips don't lie
Mind & body : yoga & pilates. 8. /  in coöperation with Julio Papi
The book of movement exploration : can you move like this?
Learning through movement and music : exercise your smarts
Zump4 the heat: rock that body
Streetdance : : hip hop and  R&B. 44.
Ambient work out chill out!
Foundations in elementary education : music
Playing music with the whole body : eurhythmics and motor development
Zump4 the heat. Let's get loud
Bodyshape : : charts. 37.
The Eurhythmics of Jaques-Dalcroze
Latin party. 2.
Autism Movement Therapy Method : Waking up the brain!
Modern educational dance
Latin & tribal beats : : step & dance. 4.
African dance : afrikkalainen tanssi
Step aerobic : chart hits!
Hearing, feeling, playing : music and movement with hard-of-hearing and deaf children
Zump4 the heat : she wolf
Rhythm, music & education
Danza! : a choral movement DVD
Zump4 the heat: She wolf
Arts therapists in multidisciplinary settings : working together for better outcomes
Low impact : : charts. 28.
Performance Psychology : Perception, Action, Cognition, and Emotion
The little book of music and movement
Zump4 the heat. Get it started
Zump4 the heat : ven bailalo
Bodyshape : : charts. 34.
Sporting sounds : relationships between sport and music
Bodywork. V : 32 hit-tracks to pump your body / compiled by Thomas Degn ; mixed by Thomas Degn and Nicklas Boesen
Zump4 the heat. She wolf
Streetdance : : hip hop and  R&B. 42.
Exploring the connection between children's literature and music
Zump4 the heat : hips don't lie
Bodywork : 32 hit-tracks to pump your body. 2.
The application of motion capture to embodied music cognition research
Musical gestures : sound, movement, and meaning
Zump4 the heat: Get it started
Let's have a party!
Zump4 the heat. Give me everything
Bodywork. VI : 32 hit-tracks to pump your body / compiled by Thomas Degn ; mixed by Thomas Degn and Nicklas Boesen
Rock classics : step & shape. 1.
Power mover 2010.
Step & dance : : hits/remixes
Step & dance : : electro hits. 1.
Christian workout playlist : fast paced
Zump4 the heat. Ven bailalo
Mind & body : : yoga/pilates. 9.
Playing musik with the hole body : eurythmics and motor development
Bodywork : 35 hit-tracks to pump your body. 8.
Zump4 the heat: Dance again
Rock classics. 1 : step & shape
Bodywork VI : 32 hit-tracks to pump your body
Inner rhythm : dance trainig for the deaf
Embodiment in Dalcroze Eurhythmics
Cooldowns 02.
