http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1889 ammonia
ammonia
Emissionsfaktorer til beregning af ammoniakfordampning ved lagring og udbringning af husdyrgødning = Emission factors for calculation of ammonia volatilization by storage and application of animal manure
Measurements of inorganic ions and their precursor gases in ambient air in Finland
Trends in oil discharged with aqueous effluents from oil refineries in europe
Peatland studies for the synthesis gas production in Oulu, Finland
Computational study of the vibrational energy levels of adsorbed and clustered water and ammonia molecules
Exposure to and toxicity of ammonia vapour
Emissions of ammonia, nitrous oxide and methane during composting of organic household waste
Emission estimates for some acidifying and greenhouse gases and options for their control in Finland
Digestion of corn and ammonia removal in a lab scale digester
Potential itilization ways of recovered chemical products from digestate
Analysis of Liaoche River water quality
Development of the ammonia emission inventory in Finland : revised model for agriculture
Hydraulics and purification in wastewater filters : Hydraulikk og rensing i avløpsfiltre
Ammonia emissions from pig and cattle slurry in the field and utilization of slurry nitrogen in crop production
Ammonia compounds in the atmosphere
Selective catalytic reduction of nitrogen oxides with ammonia in forced unsteady state reactors : case based and mathematical model simulation reasoning
Air pollution control programme 2010 : the Finnish national programme for the implementation of directive 2001/81/EC, approved by the government on September 26, 2002.
Aerial environment in uninsulated livestock buildings : release of ammonia, carbon dioxide and water vapour from deep litter and effect of solar heat load on the interior thermal environment
Liaohe River is one of the seven biggest rivers in China. It is facing to river road stop;  water pollution and deterioration of ecological environment etc. in a series of problems. Liaohe River watershed is one of the important bases of operations for agriculture and the most economically developed regions in Northeast of China. It is also the contradiction between eater supplies and demands the most prominent areas in Liaoning Province.  The aim of this thesis is to analyse reasons of Liaohe River water quality changes in nearly ten years. Basically from several parts to take a look what cause of pollution and how to control and improve the water quality of Liaohe River. In Shenyang section area, environment protection agency has done some works to improved Liaohe River water quality for urban living and agriculture using. From this thesis will be basically to understand the idea of improvement of Liaohe River. Liaoning government and Shenyang environment protection agency has measured base on COD, CODMn (or CODCr), BOD, Ammonia-nitrogen and TP etc. those main pollutants in Liaohe River and reported. Base on these main pollutants to analysis the water resources quality of Liaohe River.
This final thesis solves the challenges and problems of the transportation process with special needs. The experience is ammonium sulphate transportation process by Kuljetusliike Kalevi Huhtala Oy. The process needs modified transportation equipment. I approached this problem by my own experience of the process. I also interviewed Kalevi and Kati Huhtala. The ammonium sulphates special needs in transportation process can be seen from the safety data sheet.  All the results could not be seen in the beginning of the process. Some of the problems came up later, when the situation was optimal. The problems differ between transportation processes. It is important to find out the problems soon after the problem existence. The quicker the reaction for the problem is, smaller damages to the process are caused.
Biosphere-atmosphere exchange of pollutants and trace substances : experimental and theoretical studies of biogenic emissions and of pollutant deposition
Trace gas exchange in a global perspective
Reference values for building material emissions and indoor air quality in residential buildings
Emissions from European agriculture
Ammonia emissions in agriculture
Ammonia release and nitrogen balances on south swedish farms 1997-1999
Challenges in transportation process with special needs : case: Kuljetusliike Kalevi Huhtala Oy
Enriching the earth : Fritz Haber, Carl Bosch, and the transformation of world food production
Comprehensive Renovation Plan for Water Environment of Lujiabang River : Shanghai, China
Trace gas exchange in forest ecosystems
Ammonia emissions to air in Western Europe
Ammonia Activation by a Nickel NCN-Pincer Complex featuring a Non-Innocent N-Heterocyclic Carbene: Ammine and Amido Complexes in Equilibrium
Nitrogen nutrient recovery from solid waste
Mass and energy balance of ammonia recovery plant
Carbon and nitrogen in the terrestrial environment
Ammonia regeneration in nickel matte chloride leaching
Flue gas desulfurization with ammonium hydroxide : a case study
Vibrational energy levels of ammonia-type molecules from first principles calculations
Technical analysis of stripping technology for sulphur-contaminated wastewater in the oil refinery
Microclimate and gas emissions in dairy buildings : instrumentation, theory and measurements
Microclimate and gas emissions in dairy buildings: instrumentation, theory and measurements
Indoor air quality analysis
Ammonia stripper modelling with CHEMCAD simulation program
Diversity of chemoautotrophic ammonia-oxidizing bacteria based on phylogenetic analyses = Diversitet hos kjemoautotrofe ammoniakk-oksiderande bakteriar basert på fylogenetiske analysar
Fate of fuel-bound nitrogen and sulfur in biomass-fired industrial boilers
Microbial activities in boreal soils : biodegradation of organic contaminants at low temperature and ammonia oxidation
Ammonia volatilization, nitrogen in soil, and growth of barley after application of peat manure and pig slurry
Quantification of NH3 released from composting of garden waste
Selective catalytic reduction of NOx with NH3 : kinetic modeling and experimental studies using zeolite based catalysts
Nitrogen cycling on intensively managed boreal dairy pastures
