http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18808 printing machines
printing machines
Specialised lexicography : print and digital, specialisrd dictionaries, databases
Creative suite 3 integration : Photoshop, Illustrator, Indesign, Dreamweaver, Flash Pro, Acrobat, Bridge and Version Cue
Analysis of stability of axially moving orthotropic membranes and plates with a linear non-homogeneous tension profile
Corenso emphasies product developmet : creating a new generation of recyclable cores
Digital Textile Design, Second Edition covers everything students and practitioners of textile design will need to learn about designing and printing digitally. Written specifically for textile designers, Digital Textile Design, Second Edition provides the know-how for students and professionals who wish to use Adobe Photoshop and Illustrator as design tools. A series of inspirational tutorials, presented in step-by-step format, guide the reader through the process of creating designs that will be suited to both the traditional textile production process and to digital printing onto fabric. The book examines how designers can access the techniques of digital textile printing, looking at the work of those currently exploring its possibilities, and provides an insight into the technology involved. With a stunning new design, this edition has been updated in line with the latest developments in Adobe Creative Suite and contains new images throughout.
Letterpress now : a DIY guide to new & old printing methods
Print quality is a subjective term. It can be described in different ways and there are multiple factors affecting print quality and also various methods to predict it. In this work the printability of folding box board was studied with the Prüfbau multipurpose printability tester and the results were compared with the results of the sheet fed printing machine at Imatra test print. The main aim was to get an idea if there is some correlation between these two results and if Prüfbau could be used in the future for print quality control instead of the full scale printing machine. The examined substrate was Tambrite folding box board. Tambrite was tested regularly at Imatra test print service for two years time. There were three different basic weights to study and 25 samples from a total of 150 samples were chosen to the tests. These included samples with good, average and poor printing properties according to the print quality results of Imatra test print. In the literature part of this work is discussed about offset printing, print quality and factors affecting it and tested Tambrite board. In the experimental part the methods used and the results of tests and correlation with the Imatra test print is explained. The studied printability tests were back-trap mottling, printed gloss, set-off, rub-off and wet pick. These tests were based on the existing methods and the methods were adjusted to the studied substrate Tambrite folding box board. The comparison of the results was done so that the Prüfbau results were put in order of superiority and then compared with the order of Imatra's results. The correlation between the results of Prüfbau and Imatra was found using a scatter diagram and a coefficient of correlation. It was found that the printed gloss results of Prüfbau had a strong correlation with Imatra's results. In both mottling and set-off results Prüfbau had a clear correlation with Imatra's results. The only Prüfbau method which did not exhibit sufficient correlation with Imatra test print results was rub-off. The interpretation of the correlation's significance was made after a number of observations. Some faults in the Imatra results were found which distorted the correlation with Prufbau. Wet pick tests indicated a good wet surface strength and quite good ink transfer to a wet surface. According to the results, Prüfbau could be used in the print quality control of Tambrite board in all the tests with the exception of rub-off tests. However rub-off tests could be studied further by using the same printing ink used at Imatra, when the drying properties of the ink would be the same. Also mottling could be studied further after adjusting the total thickness of the carrier track and the sample constant. This would eliminate the possibility of different print pressure on different samples.
Classification of the human swaying processes : a machine learning approach
Grids : the structure of graphic design
Graphic designer's print + color handbook
Colour
3D world : the international magazine for 3D artists
The designer's desktop manual
Art cloth : a guide to surface design for fabric
The complete guide to designing and printing fabric : techniques, tutorials & inspiration for the innovative designer
Information ages : literacy, numeracy and the computer revolution
Computer arts
Love : Metalheart is love
The Renaissance computer : knowledge technology in the first age of print
Gothic pop graphics. Vol. 1
Abstract.
The designer's guide to color combinations : 500+ historic and modern color formulas in CMYK
Macworld
Geometric ornaments and designs : CD-ROM & book
A catalogue of nineteenth century printing presses
The non-designer's design book : design and typographic principles for the visual novice
Creating a system that monitors in real time the amount of newspaper coming into the mailrooms.
The complete guide to digital illustration
The designer's guide to global color combinations : 750 color formulas in CMYK and RGB from around the world
Registration methods for pulp and paper images
Fundamentals of packaging technology
Color index
Inkjet printing onto a sealed and seamed paperboard container
On stochastic modelling and reliability of systems with moving cracked material
Decorative graphics
The industry of paper in China
Computer graphics world
The Prüfbau laboratory printing machine's ability to predict the printability of folding box board
Events : city sport & freetime
Digital color and type
Studies on runnability problems
On the superior power of likelihood-based linkage disequilibrium mapping in large multiplex families compared to population based case-control designs
Computer arts collection
The all new print production handbook
The truth
Indian textile prints
The designer's lexicon
Synopsis:  When Jane Dunnewold's book Complex Cloth was published in 1996, it quickly became the bible of surface design for fiber artists.  In the years since, the world of surface design has significantly expanded:  now fiber artists, art-to-wear designers, and art quilters have a much broader range of surface design products to choose from, and there are a wealth of technique combinations that can be used to create art cloth.  Art Cloth picks up where Complex Cloth left off, showing how to layer processes with the latest products to create stunning cloth for use in a variety of fiber art.  Following Jane's techniques with step-by-step photography, you will learn to create art cloth using dyes, color removing agents, paints, and foils combined through processes that include silk-screen printing, stamping, stenciling, and hand painting.  In addition to detailed step-by-step wet-media surface design techniques, Jane demonstrates how the use of color and design contribute to successful layering. She guides and inspires artists to take their art cloth to the next level through sidebars with design tips and exercises that support the technical information.  Finally, each technique chapter concludes with project ideas for the skills learned, so anyone working through the book can literally build layers on cloth as each chapter is completed.
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
Hacking the digital print : alternative image capture and printmaking processes with a special section on 3D printing
A guide to graphic print production
Graphic frames
Computer & Design : Logos, Piktogramme, Illustrationen, Desktop Publishing = logos, pictograms, illustrations, desktop publishing
Production for graphic designers
Letterpress now : a Diy guide to new & old printing methods
Modern methods for auxological screening of growth disorders in children
Process color manual : 24,000 CMYK combinations for design, prepress, and printing
Shaft alignment handbook
Advances in apparel production
Real world color management : industrial-strength production techniques
Printing in the 20th century : a Penrose anthology
Digital art studio : techniques for combining inkjet printing with traditional art materials
The handbook of phonological theory
Digital design for print and web : an introduction to theory, principles, and techniques
LATEX : a document preparation system : user's guide and reference manual
A computational phonology of Russian
