http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18883 Coptic language
Coptic language
Coptic theological papyri II : edition, commentary, translation : with an appendix, The docetic Jesus. Textband [and] Tafelband
Conjunction, contiguity, contingency : on relationships between events in the Egyptian and Coptic verbal systems
Coptic studies on the threshold of a new millennium : proceedings of the Seventh International Congress of Coptic Studies, Leiden, August 27-September 2, 2000
Statistical analyses of morphosyntactics. 7-11, Harari, Somali, Hausa, Nefusi Berber, Sahidic dialect of Coptic, general summary
An elementary Coptic grammar of the Sahidic dialect
Coptic in 20 Lessons is written by the author of the most authoritative reference grammar of the Coptic language, and is based on decades of pedagogical experience. In easy steps and simple explanations, it teaches the patterns and syntax of Sahidic Coptic, along with the most useful vocabulary. Drills, compositions, and translation exercises enable the student to gain fluency. All words that occur more than fifty times in the Sahidic New Testament are introduced lesson by lesson in vocabulary lists, which are arranged by semantic field and accompanied by both Greek equivalents and English glosses. The book concludes with three chapters of the Gospel of Mark, in which all new vocabulary is glossed in footnotes. Coptic in 20 Lessons is the ideal resource for use in the classroom or for teaching oneself Coptic.
Coptology: past, present, and future : studies in honour of Rodolphe Kasser
John's Gospel : the Coptic translations of its Greek text
Short texts from Coptic Ostraca and papyri
Scholars and colleagues of Sarah Clackson honored her memory through a two-day symposium, 'The Administration of Monastic Estates in Late Antique and Early Islamic Egypt,' held at Christ Church, Oxford, 25-26 September 2004. This rich and varied volume presents the papers given at that symposium plus four additional ones. The foreword presents a complete bibliography for Sarah Clackson and an essay examining her formative role in Coptic Studies up to the time of her premature death. The contributions consist of editions of previously unpublished ostraca and papyri, or of revised and expanded editions of previously published items (O.Clackson 1-34 and P.Clackson 35-50), and nine essays addressing socio-economic and religious issues that impacted the monastic communities of Egypt during Late Antiquity and the Early Islamic period.The volume concludes with the requisite indices: for the ostraca and papyri, indices nominum, rerum, et verborum, and a general index of topics for the commentaries on documents and the essays. Black-and-white images are provided for the ostraca and papyri.
The Gospel of Judas : Coptic text, translation, and historical interpretation of the 'Betrayer's Gospel'
The Coptic gnostic library : a complete edition of the Nag Hammadi codices
Coptic in 20 lessons : introduction to Sahidic Coptic with exercises & vocabularies
The magical book of Mary and the angels : (P. Heid. Inv. Kopt. 685)
The Nag Hammadi story. Vol. 2, The publication
For the children, perfect instruction : studies in honor of Hans-Martin Schenke on the occasion of the Berliner Arbeitskreis für koptisch-gnostische Schriften's thirtieth year
The Afroasiatic languages
Collected papers
Varia coptica : texts, translations, indexes
A coptic grammar : with chrestomathy and glossary : Sahidic dialect
The Copts and the West, 1439-1822 : the European discovery of the Egyptian church
Elementary Coptic (Sahidic) grammar
Documenting Christianity in Egypt, sixth to fourteenth centuries
Forbidden oracles? : The Gospel of the Lots of Mary
Introduction to Sahidic Coptic
From the contents of the libraries of the Suchos temples in the Fayyum. Pt. 1, A medical book from Crocodilopolis : P. Vindob. D. 6257
Introductory Coptic reader : selections from the Gospel of Thomas with full grammatical explanations
Codex Schøıyen 2650 : a Middle Egyptian Coptic witness to the early Greek text of Matthew's Gospel : a study in translation theory, indigenous Coptic, and New Testament textual criticism
In 2001, the exciting but enigmatic 4th century Coptic Matthew text, Codex Schøyen, was introduced as an alternative, non-canonical Matthew. In this book, James M. Leonard refutes these sensational claims through fresh methodological approaches and easily accessible analysis. Leonard reveals that the underlying Greek text is one of great quality, and that Codex Schøyen can contribute to the identification of the earliest attainable text—but only with due concern for translational interference. Leonard shows how Codex Schøyen's close alliance with Codices Vaticanus and Sinaiticus allows triangulation of the three to help identify an earlier text form which they mutually reflect, and how this impacts a dozen variant passages in Matthew.
Christianity and monasticism in upper Egypt. Volume 2, Nag Hammadi-Esna
Apocalypse of Adam : Nag Hammadi codex V,5, considered from its Egyptian background
Coptic Egyptian (Sahidic dialect) : a learner's grammar
Ghazali - a monastery in the northern Sudan
So, you want to learn Coptic? : a guide to Bohairic grammar
Practice makes perfect : P. Cotsen-Princeton 1 and the training of scribes in Byzantine Egypt
The "old" Coptic conjugation
Monastic estates in late antique and early Islamic Egypt : ostraca, papyri, and essays in memory of Sarah Clackson
This volume publishes a new "Coptic handbook of ritual power", comprising a complete 20 page parchment codex from the second half of the first millennium AD. It consists of an invocation including both Christian and Gnostic elements, ritual instructions, and a list of twenty-seven spells to cure demonic possession, various ailments, the effects of magic, or to bring success in love and business. The codex is not only a substantial new addition to the corpus of magical texts from Egypt, but, in its opening invocation, also provides new evidence for Sethian Gnostic thoughtin Coptic texts. "A Coptic handbook of ritual power" is the first volume in the series The Macquarie Papyri, which will publish the papyri in the collection of the Museum of Ancient Cultures, Macquarie University (Sydney, Australia).
Shenoute's literary corpus. Vol. 2
A study in Boharic Coptic
Coptic and Greek texts of the Christian period from ostraka, stelae, etc. in the British museum
Manichaean homilies : with an number of hitherto unpublished fragments
Coptic Gnostic chrestomathy : a selection of Coptic texts with grammatical analysis and glossary
Christianity in Egypt : literary production and intellectual trends : studies in honor of Tito Orlandi
Psalm book : the Manichaean Coptic papyri in the Chester Beatty Library. Pt. 2, Fasc. 1, Die Bema-Psalmen
The Coptic Apocalypse of Peter (Nag-Hammadi-Codex VII, 3)
Coptic etymological dictionary
Mani at the court of the Persian kings : studies on the Chester Beatty Kephalaia Codex
The secret books of the Egyptian Gnostics : an introduction to the Gnostic Coptic manuscripts discovered at Chenoboskion
Journal of Coptic studies. Volume 4.
Coptic documentary texts from Kellis. Vol. 2, P. Kellis VII (P. Kellis Copt. 57-131)
The Nag Hammadi Story is not a history of research in the usual sense of a Forschungsbericht, which would report on the massive amount of scholarship that has been devoted to the content of the Nag Hammadi Codices for more than a half-century. Rather it is a socio-historical narration of just what went on during the thirty-two years from their discovery late in 1945, via their initial trafficking, and then the attempts to monopolize them, until finally, through the intervention of UNESCO, the whole collection of thirteen Codices was published in facsimiles and in English translation, both completed late in 1977.
In Mani at the Court of the Persian Kings the authors explore evidence arising from their project to edit the Chester Beatty Kephalaia codex. This new text presents Mani at the heart of Sasanian Iran in dialogue with its sages and nobles, acting as a cultural mediator between East and West and interpreter of Christian, Iranian, and Indian traditions. Nine chapters study Mani's appropriation of the 'law of Zarades' and of Iranian epic; suggest a new understanding of his last days; and analyse his formative role in the history of late antique religions. These interdisciplinary studies advance research in several fields and will be of interest to scholars of Manichaeism, Sasanian Iran, and the development of religions in Late Antiquity.
A Coptic handbook of ritual power (P. Macq I 1)
Castles and churches in the middle Nile region
Sahidic 1 Samuel : a daughter version of the Septuagint
Wadi Sarga : Coptic and Greek texts from the excavations undertaken by the Byzantine Research Account
Catalogue of Coptic manuscripts in the Pierpont Morgan Library
The Gospel according to Thomas
The Nag Hammadi story. Vol. 1, The discovery and monopoly
Coptic documentary texts from Kellis
Psalm book : the Manichaean Coptic papyri in the Chester Beatty Library. Pt. 2, Fasc. 2, Die Herakleides-Psalmen
Narrative literature from the Tebtunis Temple Library
Egyptian and Semito-Hamitic (Afro-Asiatic) studies : in memoriam W. Vycichl
The multilingual experience in Egypt, from the Ptolemies to the Abbasids
Coptic grammatical chrestomathy : a course for academic and private study
Studies in the nominal sentence in Egyptian and Coptic
A Coptic dictionary
Papyri from the New York University Collection II (P.NYU II)
