http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18877 relics (religious objects)
relics (religious objects)
The sepulchre of Christ and the medieval West : from the beginning to 1600
Looking for miracle : weeping icons, relics, stigmata, visions & healing cures
The sacred blood
The lost years
Relics and remains
Material religion and popular culture
The Turin shroud secret
The brotherhood of the Holy Shroud
Holy bones, holy dust : how relics shaped the history of Medieval Europe
Holy relics of the church of Georgia
Bodies like bright stars : saints and relics in Orthodox Russia
The crypt : probing the obscure administration of cultural memory
The diversity of sacred lands in Europe : proceedings of the third workshop of the Delos initiave : Inari/Aanaar, Finland, 1-3 July 2010
Relics, identity, and memory in medieval Europe
Sacred plunder : Venice and the aftermath of the Fourth Crusade
Heavenly Bodies : cult treasures & spectacular saints from the catacombs
The restless corpse : Thomas Aquinas' remains as the centre of conflict and cult in late medieval Southern Italy
Cult and pilgrimage : the translation of relics in the Palaiologan period
House of the rising sun
The grail : the truth behind the myth
Selling Jerusalem : relics, replicas, theme parks
Fang of the vampire
Religious objects in museums : private lives and public duties
Saints and sacred matter : the cult of relics in Byzantium and beyond
The ancestral lords : gender, descent, and spirits in a northern Thai village
Portrait of Jesus? : the Shroud of Turin in science and history
The crucifixion of Jesus : a forensic inquiry
In A.D. 327, a Roman galley barely escapes a pirate attack with its extraordinary cargo. In 1916, a British warship mysteriously explodes in the middle of the North Sea. In the present day, a cluster of important mosques in Turkey and Egypt are wracked by explosions. Does anything tie them together? NUMA director Dirk Pitt is about to find out, as Roman artifacts discovered in Turkey and Israel unnervingly connect to the rise of a fundamentalist movement determined to restore the glory of the Ottoman Empire, and to the existence of a mysterious "manifest," lost long ago, which if discovered again . . . just may change the history of the world as we know it.
English medieval shrines
The gemini contenders
Treasures of Valamo Monastery
Alone of all her sex : the myth and cult of the Virgin Mary
Christian materiality : an essay on religion in late medieval Europe
Intervention
Peak sanctuaries and sacred caves in Minoan Crete : comparison of artifacts
Furta sacra : thefts of relics in the central Middle Ages
The bone thief
The mystery of the shroud of Turin : new scientific evidence
The awful secret
Religion and the body : based on papers read at the symposium on Religion and the body held at Åbo, Finland, on 16-18 June 2010
The medieval sepulchre reliquary of Finström Church
The Arma Christi in medieval and early modern material culture : with a critical edition of 'O Vernicle'
The wheel of darkness
Turin shroud : how Leonardo Da Vinci fooled history
Treasures of Heaven : saints, relics and devotion in medieval Europe
Local religion in sixteenth-century Spain
Studies on Constantinople
The history of the Sudarium of Oviedo : how it came from Jerusalem to northern Spain in the seventh century A.D
A study of the beautifully crafted medieval reliquaries that enshrined holy relics, and their wider historical, cultural, political and religious context. Drawing on three major museum holdings, as well as featuring iconic pieces from other international public and private collections, this book looks at the phenomenon of holy relics in the Middle Ages. Thematic essays and object entries by leading scholars trace the history and development of the cult of relics, from its beginnings in late Roman funerary practices to its rise in both Byzantine East and the West. Exhibition: British Museum, London, 23 June - 9 October 2010; Cleveland Museum of Art, 17 October 2010 - 16 January 2011; Walters Art Museum, Baltimore, 13 February - 15 May 2011.
Treasures of heaven : saints, relics, and devotion in medieval Europe
Relics were everywhere in medieval society. Saintly morsels such as bones, hair, teeth, blood, milk, and clothes, and items like the Crown of Thorns were thought to bring the believer closer to the saint, who might intercede with God on his or her behalf. This book presents an illustrated exploration of 1000 years of holy relics across Europe.
Studies on the cult of relics in Byzantium up to 1204
dents of cultural memory: the crypt and its various analogies to the question of remembrance without memory.
Memento mori : the dead among us
This unique study of the cult of the Virgin Mary offers a way of thinking about the interrelations of Catholicism and ideas of ideal femininity over the longue duree. An ambitious history of the changing symbolism of the Mother of God, Alone of All Her Sex holds up to the light different emphases occurring at different times, and highlights that the apparent archetype of a magna mater is constantly in play with social and historical conditions and values. Marina Warner's interesting perspective was forged in the aftermath of significant postwar developments in history, anthropology, and feminism and the book inspired fierce debates when it was first published in 1976. Alone of All Her Sex is also an emotive, personal statement, arising from Warner's own upbringing as a Catholic. It picks up on classic accounts such as Mary MacCarthy's Memoirs of a Catholic Girlhood and Antonia White's Frost in May, as well as the author's own experiences at a Catholic boarding school. Highly controversial in conservative quarters, the book's arguments were welcomed and recognised by many readers who shared Warner's experiences. In this new edition, Marina Warner has written a new preface which reviews the book in the light of the current debate about secularism, faith, nations, and social identities. She takes issue with her original mistaken conclusion that the modern age would see the cult of Mary fade away and revises it in the light of recent popes' enthusiasm for the Mother of God, a fresh wave of visions and revelations, a new generation of female saints, and the reorientation of theological approaches to the woman question.
The Turin shroud is genuine : the irrefutable evidence
Cotton in Finland before the 1600s
The social life of things : commodities in cultural perspective
Sanctity in the North : saints, lives, and cults in Medieval Scandinavia
Heavenly bodies : cult treasures &​ spectacular saints from the catacombs
Medieval piety from relics to the eucharist : a process of mutual interaction
The sacred trusts : pavilion of the sacred relics, Topkapi Palace Museum, Istanbul
"The Sign" by Thomas de Wesselow finally solves Christianity's greatest mystery. "The thinking man's Dan Brown". ("Sunday Times"). How did Christianity really begin? In this powerful and controversial book, art historian Thomas de Wesselow reveals that the answer to this puzzle lies in one of the most mysterious images in the world - the Shroud of Turin. Re-examining the Shroud and New Testament texts, he argues that the traditional Christian view - that the apostles were inspired by seeing Jesus raised from the dead - is a profound misconception. Using scientific, archaeological and historical evidence, "The Sign" demonstrates that the Shroud is the actual burial-cloth of Jesus. That haunting image - which is a natural stain - holds the key to the greatest mystery in human history. This astonishing book will appeal to readers around the world and is a must for fans of "The God Delusion" by Richard Dawkins and Diarmaid MacCulloch's "A History of Christianity". "Very intriguing". ("Mail on Sunday"). "A fascinating account of the Shroud as an image". ("BBC History Magazine"). "Thorough, well-researched and fair-minded. Persuasive ...much more than just an addition to the canon of Shroud literature". ("Irish Times"). Thomas de Wesselow earned his MA and PhD at London's Courtauld Institute, researching the controversial Guidoriccio fresco in Siena, before becoming a Scholar at the British School in Rome where he worked on another of the great mysteries of Italian art history, the Assisi Problem. He has written on a number of famous Renaissance pictures whose meanings have hitherto defied analysis, including Botticelli's "Primavera" and Titian's "Sacred and Profane Love". Since 2007 he has been researching this book full-time. He is 40 years old and he lives in Cambridge.
Rome, Constantinople and newly-converted Europe : archaeological and historical evidence
This title traces the development of such structures, from the earliest cult activities at saintly tombs in the late Roman empire, through Merovingian Gaul and the Carolingian Empire, via Anglo-Saxon England.
St. Ursula and the Eleven Thousand Virgins of Cologne : relics, reliquaries and the visual culture of group sanctity in late medieval Europe
Fingers of a saint, thumb of a priest : medieval relics in the Diocese of Turku, and the archaeology of lived bodies
The first extended study of relics of the blood of Christ, the 'Holy Blood'.
Relics and writing in late medieval England
The legacy of iconoclasm : religious war and the relic landscape of Tours, Blois and Vendôme, 1550-1750
The Jesus relics : from the Holy Grail to the Turin Shroud
Sanctity and pilgrimage in medieval southern Italy, 1000-1200
Rag and bone : a journey among the world's holy dead
Art and the relic cult of St. Antoninus in Renaissance Florence
King Arthur's bones : a historical mystery
Cross bones
Sacred blood, sacred image: the sudarium of Oviedo : new evidence for the authenticity of the shroud of Turin
Relics of the Buddha
An irreverent curiosity : in search of the church's strangest relic in Italy's oddest town
Relikvije in relikviariji iz zbirke Narodnega muzeja Slovenije = Relics and reliquaries from the collection of the National Museum of Slovenia
The alliance of the curious
The way to heaven : Relic veneration in the Middle Ages
Crescent dawn
The Holy Blood : King Henry III and the Westminster Blood relic
The sign : the Shroud of Turin and the secret of the Resurrection
Image and relic : mediating the sacred in early medieval Rome
The whale road
Painting the soul : icons, death masks and shrouds
