http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18865 hunting seasons
hunting seasons
Khants' time
Suomen tilastollinen vuosikirja = Statistisk årsbok för Finland = Statisical yearbook of Finland. 1991.
Prehistoric hunters of northernmost Lapland : settlement patterns and subsistence strategies
Nuussuarmiut : hunting families on the big headland : demography, subsistence and material culture in Nuussuaq, Upernavik, Northwest Greenland
Finnish game and hunting
The uncollated manuscripts of The Master of game : towards a new edition
The tretyse off huntyng : (Cambridge University Library MS L1.1.18, fols. 48r-55v)
English hawking and hunting in 'The boke of St. Albans' : a facsimile edition of sigs a2-f8 of 'The boke of St. Albans' (1486)
The art of hunting : 1327
Chronological variation in the locations of hunter-gatherer occupation sites vis-à-vis the environment
Thesis (Ph. D.)--University of Washington, 1996 The purpose of this project is to collate the previously uncollated manuscripts of The Master of Game, a hunting manual written about 1406 by Edward of Norwich, 2nd Duke of York. This study also presents a preliminary version of the first scholarly edition of the text ever printed. It includes an assessment of Master of Game in terms of its literary relations, not only as a source for explication of hunting imagery in other works, but as part of a genre in itself--the hunting manual--which shows frequent points of convergence with the genre of the bestiary. As will be seen, in both genres the evidence of the texts examined here will attest to their "literariness" rather than to being merely technical prose, as modern critics often conceive of it.As part of the preparation of a scholarly edition, this study includes a line-by-line comparison of Edward's translated chapters with their source in the Livre de chasse of Gaston III, Count of Foix, whose first appearance in print now makes possible an informed appraisal of how Edward adapted this source to his purposes.This study also includes a new glossary of Middle English hunting terminology, primarily limited to that used in Master of Game. This glossary is nonetheless more accurate than the other modern glossaries of ME hunting terminology, drawing on explicit or contextual definitions provided by an expert author--Edward, a royal master of game and the son of a master of game. As the only source for many of the citations of such terms in the Middle English Dictionary, the previous edition of Master of Game and the glossary it contained were not reliable, and, where necessary, amplification and correction of the Middle English Dictionary's definitions are provided.
Hunters and amazons : seasonal migrations in older hunting and fishing communities
Sirkas - a Mountain Saami hunting society in transition, A D 500-1500
The word "forest" usually meant not an area of woodland, but a hunting reserve. How did these institutions become established in Scotland? What rights did the owner of a hunting reserve possess? Within these forests how did the king and his magnates hunt? What effect did forests have on the people who lived within and around them?
An ethnographic reconstruction of the economy of the indigenous maritime culture of northwestern Siberia
Suomen tilastollinen vuosikirja = Statistisk årsbok för Finland = Statistical yearbook of Finland. 1998 : 93. vuosikerta = årgång 93 = volume 93
Á́rran - Sámi hearths : a millennium of settlement in a reindeer landscape in the interior of northern Norway
Suomen tilastollinen vuosikirja = Statistisk årsbok för Finland = Statistical yearbook of Finland. 2000.
Shakespeare's England : an account of the life & manners of his age. Volume 2.
The northern hunters, fishers and gatherers and their southern neighbours in Eurasia in the early metal age
Wide-range hunting and swidden cultivation as prerequisities of iron age colonization in Finland
Wild reindeer hunting in arctic Norway : landscape, reindeer migration patterns and the distribution of hunting pits in Finnmark
Prehistoric use of pitfalls in Åsele Lappmark
Hunting and fishing : Nordic symposium on life in a traditional hunting and fishing milieu in prehistoric times and up to the present day
The kings and their hawks : falconry in medieval England
Hunting in northern Europe until 1500 AD : old traditions and regional developments, continental sources and continental influences : papers presented at a workshop organized by the Centre for Baltic and Scandinavian Archaeology (ZBSA), Schleswig, June 16th and 17th, 2011
Hunting and hunting reserves in medieval Scotland
Inventing medieval landscapes : senses of place in Western Europe
