http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18815 artist novels
artist novels
Are you my mother? : a comic drama
What I loved
Will Eisner : champion of the graphic novel
The dream life of Sukhanov
A piece of the world : A Novel
The making of
The wellsprings of literary creation : an analysis of male and female "artist stories" from the German romantics to American writers of the present
The Paris wife
Portrays a young Irish Catholic's family experiences, political views, and poetic inspirations.
Theft : a love story
"A love story set in the gritty yet magnificent theater world of 1970's London"--
Diary : a novel
Go home : 12 moving stories
Sam Zabel and the magic pen
Bluebeard
The passion of Artemisia
Haunted : A Novel of Stories
Tell the wolves I'm home: a novel
The underpainter
The Paris wife : a novel
The moon and sixpence
An age of license
A love story set in the gritty yet magnificent theater world of 1970's London
The day of the locust
A portrait of the artist as a young man
After a shark attack causes the amputation of her right arm, fifteen-year-old Jane, an aspiring artist, struggles to come to terms with her loss and the changes it imposes on her day-to-day life and her plans for the future.
The funeral party
Salem Brownstone : all along the watchtowers
Decadent new woman (un)bound : mimetic strategies in L. Onerva's 'Mirdja'
A widow for one year
Diamond : from the world of Hetty Feather
The Picture of Dorian Gray
The secret book of Frida Kahlo : a novel
Gillespie and I
The quiet girl
The blazing world
The mermaid chair
The birth of venus
The cloud sketcher
Artistic licence
Voyage into creativity : the modern Künstlerroman
A drifting life
Fair play : a novel
Paris red : a novel
The illusionists
The great man : a novel
"Two quick shots. One for him. One for you. After the death of her three-year-old daughter, Jodie has nothing left to live for - or almost nothing. She has one task to fulfil before she takes her own life. And that's to kill the man she holds responsible for her daughter's death - her seemingly perfect husband, Ethan. But Ethan is hiding more than just his true nature. And as more horrifying secrets from his past emerge, Jodie's strength will be pushed to the limit..."--Publisher's description.
Islands in the Stream / Ernest Hemingway
With violets
Dead secret
Fallout
Fallout : a novel
The new confessions
Tipping the velvet
Girl in hyacinth blue
Water for elephants : a novel
The Time Traveler's Wife
Girl with a pearl earring
Lingua comica : graphic novels from Asia & Europe
Authenticity
The way to paradise
The picture of Dorian Gray
The Danish Girl
