http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1888 art policy
art policy
Art without capitalism
"Fascism, Architecture, and the Claiming of Modern Milan, 1922-1943 chronicles the dramatic architectural and urban transformation of Milan during the nearly twenty years of fascist rule. The commercial and financial centre of Italy and the birthplace of fascism, Milan played a central role in constructing fascism's national image and identity as it advanced from a revolutionary movement to an established state power. Using a wide range of archival sources, Lucy M. Maulsby analyses the public buildings, from the relatively modest party headquarters to the grandiose Palace of Justice and the Palazzo del Popolo d'Italia, through which Mussolini intended to enhance the city's image and solidify fascism's presence in Milan. Maulsby establishes the extent to which Milan's economic structure, social composition, and cultural orientation affected Il Duce's plans for the city, demonstrating the influences on urban development that were beyond the control of the fascist regime. By placing Milan's urban change in its historic context, this book expands our understanding of the relationship between fascism and the modern city."--Publisher's website.
Culture, economy and politics : the case of New Labour
Music, theatre and politics in Germany : 1848 to the Third Reich
The future of the arts : public policy and arts research
Contemporary Finnish performance art : interviews and interpretations
Fairy tales and true stories : the history of Russian literature for children and young people (1574-2010)
Survey on the economic situation and social status of the artist in Finland
The patron state : culture & politics in fascist Italy
Being an artist in post-Fordist times
The homeless museum escapes onto the streets
Arts & economics : analysis & cultural policy
Focus and functions of public support for artists in Finland
Khrushchev and the arts : the politics of Soviet culture, 1962-1964
Contemporary art and nationalism : critical reader
The Routledge Companion to Art and Politics offers a thorough examination of the complex relationship between art and politics, and the many forms and approaches the engagement between them can take. The contributors - a diverse assembly of artists, activists, scholars from around the world - discuss and demonstrate ways of making art and politics legible and salient in the world. As such the 32 chapters in this volume reflect on performing and visual arts; music, film and new media; as well as covering social practice, community-based work, conceptual, interventionist and movement affiliated forms. The Companion is divided into four distinct parts: * Conceptual Cartographies * Institutional Materialities * Modalities of Practice * Making Publics Randy Martin has assembled a collection that ensures that readers will come away with a wider view of what can count as art and politics; where they might find it; and how it moves in the world. The diversity of perspectives is at once challenging and fortifying to those who might dismiss political art on the one hand as not making sufficient difference and on the other to those embracing it but seeking a means to elaborate the significance that it can make in the world. The Routledge Companion to Art and Politics brings together a range of issues and approaches and encourages critical and creative thinking about how art is produced, perceived, and received.
Evictions : art and spatial politics
Art, ideology, and politics
Art and the public sphere
The rape of Europa : the fate of Europe's treasures in the Third Reich and the Second World War
Impressionism : paint and politics
From maestro to manager : critical issues in arts and culture management
Creative Europe : on governance and management of artistic creativity in Europe
The art of placemaking : interpreting community through public art and urban design
European Symposium on the Status of the Artist, Hanasaari, Finland, May 31-June 2, 1992 : final report
Exploring North Korean arts
Across the street, around the world : a handbook for cultural exchange
"Few phenomena in our lives are as inescapable as what we commonly refer to as art--yet few concepts are more elusive than the idea of art itself. So what does 'art' look like today? And what is its fate? Art Is Not What You Think It Is offers a series of critical incursions into the current state of debate on the idea of art--making manifest what has been largely missing or unsaid in those discussions. Revealing how conventional thinking about art is largely based on misconceptions about its history, Preziosi and Farago call for a radical rethink of the subject and its relationship to a wide swath of today's world--from religion and philosophy to culture and politics. The authors probe a variety of issues, including the dangers of art and trap of the visual; the frame that blinds us; deconstruction of the agencies of art; the intersections of the local and global; the breach of art and religion, and commodifying artistry. Provocative and groundbreaking, Art is Not What You Think It Is will reshape conventional assumptions about the nature, meaning, and ultimate fate of art in today's world."--
Going abroad, feeding back : Gunnar Kvaran would like to see new ways of promoting Nordic art
"Bad New Days looks back at the last twenty-five years of artistic practice in Western Europe and North America, positioning it in relation to a general condition of emergency that neoliberalism and the war of terror have brought with them. Foster argues that art has actually anticipated this condition, at times miming the collapse of the social contract, at other times resisting it, and at still other times exacerbating it critically. Against the assumption that art no longer heeds any model, he also offers several paradigms of practice over this period, which he terms "abject," "archival," "mimetic," and "precarious.""--
Cultural bridge over the Baltic Sea : Baltmet exchange program : Helsinki Riga Tallinn Vilnius Warsaw
Swede with a mission
Politics and painting at the Venice Biennale, 1948-64 : Italy and the idea of Europe
Making meaning, making money : Directions for the arts and cultural industries in the creative age
Taidetoimikuntien myöntämä tuki 2007 = Support granted by the Art Councils 2007 / Paula Karhunen ; Taiteen keskustoimikunta
Art is not what you think it is
Contesting art : art, politics and identity in the modern world
The murmuring of the artistic multitude : global art, politics and Post-Fordism
What makes sense? : Cultural management and the question of values in a shifting landscape
Cultural policy is changing. Traditionally, cultural policies have been concerned with providing financial support for the arts, for cultural heritage and for institutions such as museums and galleries. In recent years, around the world, interest has grown in the creative industries as a source of innovation and economic dynamism. This book argues that an understanding of the nature of both the economic and the cultural value created by the cultural sector is essential to good policy-making. The book is the first comprehensive account of the application of economic theory and analysis to the broad field of cultural policy. It deals with general principles of policy-making in the cultural arena as seen from an economic point of view, and goes on to examine a range of specific cultural policy areas, including the arts, heritage, the cultural industries, urban development, tourism, education, trade, cultural diversity, economic development, intellectual property and cultural statistics.
Turn, turtle! : reenacting the institute
Arctic artistry
International journal of arts management
Painting in Latin America 1550-1820
Politics and aesthetics in the arts
The fourth pillar of sustainability : culture's essential role in public planning
Art and politics : a small history of art for social change since 1945
'The murmuring of the artistic multitude' art sociologist Pascal Gielen defends the hypothesis that the globalized art scene is an ideal production entity for economic exploitation. How can the art world preserve its won dynamic and freedom? Gielen's quest leads to places of intimacy and "slowability" in the hectic global flow of artistic events and artistically-minded trends. This third edition has been thoroughly updated with Gielen's latest insights into the political dimensions of art, autonomy and the relationship between art, ethics, and democracy.--
Arts and communities : the report of the national inquiry into arts and the community
Abstract: The role of art exhibitions in Finnish-Italian relations concerning the visual arts from the 1920s to the end of the Second World War.
Art, politics, and cultural identification in Sudan
American political fictions : war on errorism in contemporary American literature, culture, and politics
State composers and the red courtiers : music, ideology, and politics in the Soviet 1930s
Pictorial Victorians : the inscription of values in word and image
Art, space and the city : public art and urban futures
Art and the state : the visual arts in comparative perspective
The culture industry : the arts in urban regeneration
The economics of art and culture : an American perspective
Stalin's music prize : Soviet culture and politics
Mario Sironi and Italian modernism : art and politics under fascism
Taidetoimikuntien myöntämä tuki 2010 = Support granted by the Art Councils 2010 / Paula Karhunen ; Taiteen keskustoimikunta
Taidetoimikuntien myöntämä tuki 2011 = Support granted by the Art Councils 2011 / Paula Karhunen ; Taiteen keskustoimikunta
Works of Art at Arabianranta : 2002-2006
Government's arts policy in the regime of prime minister Esko Aho under scrutiny
Public money and the muse : essays on government funding for the arts
Art and politics in China, 1949-1984
Arts and media management : [a select bibliography]
Art and its institutions : current conflicts critique and collaborations
Stradanus, 1523-1605 : court artist of the Medici
AIMAC '99 : 5th International Conference on Arts & Cultural Management, Helsinki, Finland, June 13-17, 1999 : proceedings/actes. Vol. 1
The Routledge companion to art and politics
Our art : the reasoning for the acquisition and placing of the public sculptures of the Jyväskylä City Art Collection in 1977-2007
The renewed interest in artistic practices as well as in institutional collaborations with artists seems to be driven by a positive vibe, by an interest in changing the governing structures from within rather than critically denouncing their power structures from the outside. The move towards 'reclaiming the institute' is less an act of de-masking than an attempt to re-politicise the institutional field, an attempt to make the institute matter again as a centre for intensification to address common concerns. This new spirit of the institute manifests itself at a time when Europe is suffering from multiple institutional crises. Confidence in the political and economic structures is at an all time low, and the public funding of social, educational, scientific and cultural institutions is under pressure due to state cuts and privatisations. Some institutional entities wield power without the necessary authority; others possess a residual form of authority, but not enough power to be able to set things in motion. Turn, Turtle! Reenacting the Institute is comprised of six essays, three interviews, and six case studies of performance makers, institution directors, and thinkers. They propose diverse strategies of implication and engagement, opening up possible futures and alternative exchanges between parties that are often too often still seen as adversaries.
AIMAC '99 : 5th International Conference on Arts & Cultural Management, Helsinki, Finland, June 13-17, 1999 : proceedings/actes. Vol. 2
"Cultural policy is changing. Traditionally, cultural policies have been concerned with providing financial support for the arts, for cultural heritage and for institutions such as museums and galleries. In recent years, around the world, interest has grown in the creative industries as a source of innovation and economic dynamism. This book argues that an understanding of the nature of both the economic and the cultural value created by the cultural sector is essential to good policy-making. The book is the first comprehensive account of the application of economic theory and analysis to the broad field of cultural policy. It deals with general principles of policy-making in the cultural arena as seen from an economic point of view, and goes on to examine a range of specific cultural policy areas, including the arts, heritage, the cultural industries, urban development, tourism, education, trade, cultural diversity, economic development, intellectual property and cultural statistics"--Provided by publisher.
Composers speak out
A critical analysis of the autonomy of art in Finnish cultural policy 1978-2011
Defining art and artists as a methodological problem and a political issue
A museum in trouble
The Munich art hoard : Hitler's dealer and his secret legacy
Shows of force : power, politics, and ideology in art exhibitions
The creative industries : culture and policy
Frame : Finnish fund for art exchange
Design 2005! : Government decision-in-principle on finnish desing policy 15.6.2000
Changing the rules of the game
Taidetoimikuntien myöntämä tuki 2009 = Support granted by the Art Councils 2009 / Paula Karhunen, Kaija Rensujeff ; Taiteen keskustoimikunta
Brecht on art and politics
Health and social impact of culture
History after apartheid : visual culture and public memory in a democratic South Africa
The importance of art in society is increasing
Reading art, reading Irigaray : the politics of art by women / Hilary Robinson
The promise of cultural institutions
Swedish state cultural policy : objectives, measures and results : a report
Sammandrag. - Abstract.
The arts and cultural policy
Marketing the arts : a fresh approach
Unleashing the collective phantoms : essays in reverse imagineering
The state and the arts : an analysis of key economic policy issues in Europe and the United States
The economics of cultural policy
Towards a theory of political art : cultural politics of 'Black Wave' film in Yugoslavia, 1963-1972
Art, power and modernity : English art institutions, 1750-1950
Cultural policy in Finland : national report : European Programme of National Cultural Policy Reviews
Government decision-in-principle on arts and artist policy
Art and revolution in Latin America 1910-1990
The party and the arty in China : the new politics of culture
Bad new days : art, criticism, emergency
Fascism, architecture, and the claiming of modern Milan, 1922-1943
Oulunsalon taidekirja 2002 : Oulunsalon kunnan taideteokset = Oulunsalo art book  2002 : works of art owned by Oulunsalo municipality
The significance of Rimsky-Korsakov in the development of a Russian national identity
What about cultural policy? : interdisciplinary perspectives on culture and politics
Tony Kushner in conversation
The Art newspaper
Abstract: The debate over expertice in cultural policy.
Cultures in contention
Patrons and patriotism : the encouragement of the fine arts in the United States 1790-1860
"Art Is Not What You Think It Is utilizes original research to present a series of critical incursions into the current state of debate on the idea of art, making manifest what has been largely missing or unsaid in those discussions. Links museology, history, theory, and criticism to the realities of contemporary social conditions and shows how they have structurally functioned in a variety of contexts Deals with divisive and controversial problems such as blasphemy and idolatry, and the problem of artistic truth Addresses relations between European notions about art and artifice and those developed in other and especially indigenous cultural traditions "--
The murmuring of the artistic multitude : global art, memory and post-Fordism
" Painting in Latin America, 1550-1820: From Conquest to Independence surveys the diverse styles, subjects, and iconography of painting in Latin America between the 16th and 19th centuries. While European art forms were widely disseminated, copied, and adapted throughout Latin America, colonial painting is not a derivative extension of Europe. The ongoing debate over what to call it-mestizo, hybrid, creole, indo-hispanic, tequitqui-testifies to a fundamental yet unresolved question of identity. Comparing and contrasting the Viceroyalties of New Spain, with its center in modern-day Mexico, and Peru, the authors explore the very different ways the two regions responded to the influence of the Europeans and their art. A wide range of art and artists are considered, some for the first time. Rich with new photography and primary research, this book delivers a wealth of new insight into the history of images and the history of art"--
Implementing and avoiding control : contemporary art and the Chinese state
Seeing red : ideology, politics and the Finnish art of the 1990s
Social science and the arts 1984 : a state-of-the-arts review from the Tenth Annual Conference on Social Theory, Politics and the Arts : University of Maryland, College Park, October 12-14, 1984
Painters and politics in the People's Republic of China, 1949-1979
Beyond cultural diversity : the case for creativity; a Third Text report
Taidetoimikuntien myöntämä tuki 2008 = Support granted by the Art Councils 2008 / Paula Karhunen ; Taiteen keskustoimikunta
Cultural revolution? the challenge of the arts in the 1960's
A companion to contemporary art since 1945 / edited by Amelia Jones
Swans of the Kremlin : ballet and power in Soviet Russia
Cultural policy in Finland : report by the panel of European experts
National cultural policy framework and trends in Finland
An international evaluation of the Finnish System of Arts Councils
