http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18846 mastery learning
mastery learning
Taxonomy of educational objectives : the classification of educational goals. Handbook 2, Affective domain
The will to learn : a guide for motivating young people
The one minute teacher
Count your blessings : the healing power of gratitude and love
Anders Ericsson has spent thirty years studying The Special Ones, the geniuses, sports stars and musical prodigies. And his remarkable finding, revealed in Peak, is that their special abilities are acquired through training. The innate gift of talent is a myth. Exceptional individuals are born with just one unique ability, shared by us all the ability to develop our brains and bodies through our own efforts.
Knowing, learning, and instruction : essays in honor of Robert Glaser
Motivational dynamics in the learning context : interaction of individual and situational factors
Managing to learn : aspects of reflective and experiential learning in schools
A Taxonomy for learning, teaching, and assessing : a revision of Bloom's taxonomy of educational objectives
Fostering critical reflection in adulthood : a guide to transformative and emancipatory learning
Teaching strategies for quality teaching and learning
Schooling
The impact of achievement goal orientation profile and gender on the self-assessed school values regarding different subjects
Picture-elicited narratives of estonian children at the kindergarte-school transition as a measure of languages competence
Goals, goal structures, and patterns of adaptive learning
Values education and lifelong learning : principles, policies, programmes
Navigating in educational contexts : identities and cultures in dialogue
Studio thinking : the real benefits of visual arts education
Improving student achievement throught mastery learning programs
Contemporary Motivation Research : from global to local perspectives
Summary in Estonian.
Achievement goals and cognitive learning strategies in dynamic contexts of learning
Socially shared regulation of motivation and emotions in collaborative learning
Teaching middle school students to be active researchers
Beyond fragmentation : didactics, learning and teaching in Europe
The theory & practice of training
Learning, capability building and innovation for development
Teaching language and literacy in the early years
Instructional strategies for middle and high school : second edition
Informed learning
Becoming a professional tutor in the lifelong learning sector
Transforming a learning society : the case of Finland
Learning for life in the 21st century : sociocultural perspectives on the future of education
The unschooled mind : how children think and how schools should teach
Educational Application Design Process Experiences : Case Perioperative Nursing
Effects of BIS/BAS on achievement goal orientations
Future wise : educating our children for a changing world
Special needs : bridging the curriculum gap
Wonder-full education : the centrality of wonder in teaching and learning across the curriculum
Learning to solve problems with technology : a constructivist perspective
Personal project pursuit : goals, action, and human flourishing
21st century skills : learning for life in our times
The game of school : why we all play it, how it hurts kids, and what it will take to change it
The joy of learning : a national strategy for lifelong learning
Integrating key skills in higher education : employability, transferable skills and learning for life
Teachers & schooling making a difference : productive pedagogies, assessment and performance
Learning with technology : a constructivist perspective
Embodying advances in cognitive psychology since the publication of Bloom's taxonomy, this revision of that framework is designed to help teachers understand and implement standards-based curriculums as well as facilitate constructing and analyzing their own. A revision only in the sense that it builds on the original framework, it is a completely new manuscript in both text and organization. Its two-dimensional framework interrelates knowledge with the cognitive processes students use to gain and work with knowledge. Together, these define the goals, curriculum standards, and objectives students are expected to learn. The framework facilitates the exploration of curriculums from four perspectives-what is intended to be taught, how it is to be taught, how learning is to be assessed, and how well the intended aims, instruction and assessments are aligned for effective education. This "revisited" framework allows you to connect learning from all these perspectives.
Learning by objectives : a teachers' guide
Brain friendly school libraries
Changing school culture through staff development : 1990 yearbook of the Association for Supervision and Curriculum Development
The shift to learning outcomes : conceptual, political and practical developments in Europe
Libraries got game : aligned learning through modern board games
Peak : secrets from the new science of expertise
Learning to play ice hockey through game situation roles and objectives
Evaluating programs to increase student achievement
Motivating students towards planning and controlling of thinking activities : a constructivist approach to learning
Why do I need a teacher when I've got Google? : the essential guide to the big issues for every twenty-first century teacher
Curriculum evaluation, frame factors and teaching for mastery : reprints of three articles
Oppimistavoitteiden taksonomisesta kuvaamisesta: äidinkielen sovellutus = On the taxonomic description of learning objectives: a mother tongue application
Place-based education in the global age : local diversity
"Why do I need a teacher when I've got Google? is just one of the challenging, controversial and thought-provoking questions Ian Gilbert poses in this urgent and invigorating book. Questioning the unquestionable, this fully updated new edition will make you re-consider everything you thought you knew about teaching and learning, such as: - Are you simply preparing the next generation of unemployed accountants? - What do you do for the 'sweetcorn kids' who come out of the education system in pretty much the same state as when they went in? - What's the real point of school? - Exams - So whose bright idea was that? - Why 'EQ' is fast becoming the new 'IQ'. - What will your school policy be on brain-enhancing technologies? - Which is the odd one out between a hamster and a caravan? With his customary combination of hard-hitting truths, practical classroom ideas and irreverent sense of humour, Ian Gilbert takes the reader on a breathless rollercoaster ride through burning issues of the twenty-first century, considering everything from the threats facing the world and the challenge of the BRIC economies to the link between eugenics and the 11+. As wide-ranging and exhaustively-researched as it is entertaining and accessible, this book is designed to challenge teachers and inform them - as well as encourage them - as they strive to design a twenty-first century learning experience that really does bring the best out of all young people. After all, the future of the world may just depend on it"--
Measuring what matters most : choice-based assessments for the digital age
Transformative learning : educational vision for the 21st century
Development of achievement motivation
The dangerous rise of therapeutic education
Experimenting with the world : John Dewey and the early childhood classroom
Making minds : what's wrong with education - and what should we do about it?
Releasing the imagination : essays on education, the arts and social change
The unfinished revolution : learning, human behavior, community, and political paradox
Radicalizing learning : adult education for a just world
Improving achievement with digital age best practices
The achievement of education : an examination of key concepts in educational practice
Developments in learning and assessment
Transforming schools
Development of pedagogical design in technology-rich environments for language teaching and learning
Mastery learning : theory and practice
Lifelong learning : the politics of the new learning environment
Learning-focused leadership in action : improving instruction in schools and districts
Advances in motivation and achievement : a research annual. Vol. 7
Schools, society and mastery learning
Why do I need a teacher when I've got Google? : the essential guide to the big issues for every teacher
Summary.
The conception of knowledge
Conative constructs and self-regulated learning
The process of education
Designing effective instruction
Summary (s. 9-11).
The Legacy 1961-2010
Learning: the treasure within : report to UNESCO of the International Commission on Education for the Twenty-first Century
Making it tangible : learning outcomes in science education
Curriculum and aims
Connecting leadership and learning : principles for practice
Taxonomy for learning, teaching, and assessing : a revision of Bloom's
Education for life and work : developing transferable knowledge and skills in the 21st century
Design for how people learn
The handbook of the evolving research of transformative learning based on the learning activities survey
Philosophy and education : an introduction
Intrinsic and extrinsic motivation : the search for optimal motivation and performance
