http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18838 industrial archaeology
industrial archaeology
Identity and factories : the modern dilemma
Swedish industrial archaeology : Engelsberg ironworks : A pilot project
Fieldwork in industrial archaeology
The Cambridge history of western textiles I-II
Pori rose from the ashes in the 18th century : the life of mayor Lars Sacklén and the excavation of a brick factory
Suomen lasitehtaiden teollisuusarkeologinen inventointi 1681-1985 = Industrial archaeological survey of the Finnish glassworks 1681-1985
Ancient textiles : production, crafts and society
The Council for British Archaeology was the first organisation to champion the cause of 'Industrial Archaeology', over 50 years ago. Since the term 'Industrial Archaeology' was first used by the CBA in the late 1950s, the landscape of our industrial towns and cites has changed beyond recognition. Our industrial heritage is all around us, but many of the structures are severely threatened by modern development. This has recently been recognised by English Heritage with the publication of their Industrial Heritage at Risk list. Britain has long been recognised as the cradle of the industrial revolution, and buildings and monuments from industries as diverse as brewing to china clay extraction can be found around the UK. This book considers not only the industries themselves but also the power that drove them, the transport network that distributed the products, and the houses in which the workforce lived. -- Publisher.
The archaeology of American labor and working-class life
Industrial archaeology : an historical survey
Lasitutkimuksia : Suomen lasimuseon tutkimusjulkaisu = Glassresearch : the bulletin of the Finnish glass museum. 3, (1986)
A guide to the industrial archaeology of the Swansea region
Arts and crafts in medieval rural environment = L'artisanat rural dans le monde médiéval = Handwerk im mittelalterlichen ländlichen Raum : Ruralia VI, 22nd - 29th September 2005 Szentendre - Dobogókö, Hungary
A guide to the industrial archaeology of Gloucestershire
The archaeology of alcohol and drinking
Historic American engineering record catalog. 1976
A guide to the industrial archaeology of Europe
Industrial heritage in Northwest Conneticut : a guide to history and archaeology
Russian cloth seals in Britain : trade, textiles and origins
A brief guide to the industrial archaeology of West Yorkshire
Social approaches to an industrial past : the archaeology and anthropology of mining
The archaeology of the clay tobacco pipe. 14, The development of the clay tobacco pipe kiln in the British Isles
The historical archaeology of pottery supply and demand in the Lower Rhineland, AD 1400-1800 : an archaeological study of ceramic production, distribution and use in the city of Duisburg and its hinterland
Textile production in Pre-Roman Italy
The archaeology of industrialization : papers given at the Archaeology of Industrialization Conference, October 1999
Derwentcote steel furnace : an industrial monument in County Durham
Food, clothes and shelter : twentieth century industrial archaeology
Early iron in Europe
Why leather?: the material and cultural dimensions of leather
The environmental archaeology of industry
Dangerous energy : the archaeology of gunpowder and military explosives manufacture
The Blackwell encyclopedia of industrial archaeology
Industrial heritage in Denmark : landscape, environments and historical archaeology
The conservation of industrial collections : a survey
Pennsylvania in public memory : reclaiming the industrial past
Industrial archaeology : future directions
The emergence of pottery : technology and innovation in ancient societies
The Athenian lamp industry in late antiquity
Industrial Heritage in the Nordic and Baltic Countries : Seminar on Cooperation in Strategies, Research and Training, 1-3 October 1999, Helsinki
Perspectives on industrial archaeology
Glass of the Roman world' illustrates the arrival of new cultural systems, mechanisms of trade and an expanded economic base in the early 1st millennium AD which, in combination, allowed the further development of the existing glass industry. Glass became something which encompassed more than simply a novel and highly decorative material. Glass production grew and its consumption increased until it was assimilated into all levels of society, used for display and luxury items but equally for utilitarian containers, windows and even tools. 0These 18 papers by renowned international scholars include studies of glass from Europe and the Near East. The authors write on a variety of topics where their work is at the forefront of new approaches to the subject. They both extend and consolidate aspects of our understanding of how glass was produced, traded and used throughout the Empire and the wider world drawing on chronology, typology, patterns of distribution, and other methodologies, including the incorporation of new scientific methods. Though focusing on a single material the papers are firmly based in its archaeological context in the wider economy of the Roman world, and consider glass as part of a complex material culture controlled by the expansion and contraction of the Empire. The volume is presented in honour of Jenny Price, a foremost scholar of Roman glass.
World industrial archaeology
Industrial ruins : spaces, aesthetics and materiality
New discoveries about the textile arts reveal women's unexpectedly influential role in ancient societies. Twenty thousand years ago, women were making and wearing the first clothing created from spun fibers. In fact, right up to the Industrial Revolution the fiber arts were an enormous economic force, belonging primarily to women. Despite the great toil required in making cloth and clothing, most books on ancient history and economics have no information on them. Much of this gap results from the extreme perishability of what women produced, but it seems clear that until now descriptions of prehistoric and early historic cultures have omitted virtually half the picture. Elizabeth Wayland Barber has drawn from data gathered by the most sophisticated new archaeological methods - methods she herself helped to fashion.
Excavations at Harmony Borax Works : historical archeology at Death Valley National monument
Industrial archeology : a new look at the American heritage
Echoes of forgotten places : urban exploration, industral archaeology and the aesthetics of decay
Industrial archaeology : a handbook
Amsterdam ceramics : a city's history and an archaeological ceramics catalogue 1175-2011
A guide to the industrial archaeology of Cumbria
The industrial heritage : the 3rd International Conference on the Conservation of Industrial Monuments, Sweden 30 May - 5 June 1978 : transactions. 1, National reports: Europe expect Scandinavia, North America and Japan
Industrial archaeology in the British Isles
"Looks at sites and events in Pennsylvania to explore the emergence of heritage culture about industry and its loss in America. Traces the shaping of public memory of coal, steel, railroading, lumber, oil, and agriculture, and the story it tells about both local and national identity"--Provided by publisher.
Beauty & utility : Myren Engineering Workshop - a creator of industrial buildings in Norway in the 19. century
The making of Pompeii : studies in the history and urban development of an ancient town
Interpreting the early modern world : transatlantic perspectives
The industrial heritage : transaction. Vol. 3
The future of historic dockyards : round-tabel report, Suomenlinna 2008
Women's work : the first 20,000 years : women, cloth, and society in early times
Textile-making in central Tyrrhenian Italy from the final Bronze Age to the Republican period
The making of the industrial landscape
The industrial heritage : transaction. Vol. 2, Scandinavian reports
The textile industry of South-West England : a social archaeology
Glass of the Roman world
Textile-making in central Tyrrhenian Italy from the final Bronze Age to the Republican Period
Arts and crafts in medieval rural environment = L'artisanat rural dans le monde medieval = Handwerk im mittelalterlichen ländlichen Raum : Ruralia VI, 22nd - 29th september 2005 Szentendre - Dobogókö
Paracas art & architecture : object and context in south coastal Peru
Ormen Lange : pipelines and shipwrecks
From industrial revolution to consumer revolution : international perspectives on the archaeology of industrialisation = De la révolution industrielle a` la revolution de la commerce : perspectives internationales sur l'arcéhologie de l'industrialisation
Iron production in Norway during two millenia : from the ancient bloomery to the early use of electric power : a presentation with many questions and some answers
Twentieth century industrial archaeology
Industrial history from the air
Summaries.
The plurality of power : an archaeology of industrial capitalism
The BP book of industrial archaeology
Lasitutkimuksia : Suomen lasimuseon tutkimusjulkaisu = Glass research : the bulletin of the Finnish glass museum. 6, (1991)
The origins of iron metallurgy in Africa : new light on its antiquity : West and Central Africa
Handbook for industrial archaeologists : a guide to fieldwork and research
The techniques of industrial archaeology
Industrial archaeological sites of Britain
Comb-making in medieval Novgorod (950-1450) : an industry in transition
Archaeology is a brand!: the meaning of archaeology in contemporary popular culture
Book of industrial England
Textiles and textile production in Europe : from prehistory to AD 400
Industrial interiors
Treasure of Khan : [a Dirk Pitt novel]
