http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18835 neurotoxins
neurotoxins nerve poisons
Environmental and chemical toxins and psychiatric illness
Elimination of botulinum neurotoxin (BoNT) type B from drinking water by small-scale (personal-use) water purification devices and detection of BoNT in water samples
Abstract.
The interplay of JNK and SCG10 during cortical development and in excitotoxic responses in brain
Role of Ret signaling in the regulation of the nigrostriatal dopaminergic system in mice
The aim of the present study was to examine the influence of raw seeds of grass pea (Lathyrus sativus L.) in feed mixtures for grower-finisher pigs on growth performance, and biochemical and haematological parameters in their blood, as well as on the weight of the liver and the kidney. The experiment was performed on 96 grower-finisher pigs of (Polish Landrace × Polish Large White) × Pietrain, weighing from 25 to ca. 100 kg. The pigs were divided into four diet groups. The feed compound of the control group contained extracted soybean meal. In experimental groups soybean meal protein was replaced by raw grass pea seeds in quantities of 50% in grower and/or finisher diet, and 100% in both fattening period. The use of raw grass pea seeds amounting to 50% of protein feeds in finisher diet did not result in lower growth performance in comparison to the control group. However, the fatteners fed grass pea seeds amounting to 50% of protein feedstuffs in both fattening periods revealed the highest feed and energy intake per kg of live weight gain, compared to the group feed grass pea only in the second phase of the fattening period. A higher share of grass pea seeds in the mixture led to weaker growth performance and carcass characteristics. Hypertrophy of kidney and liver was noted in the animals which were fed with raw seeds of grass pea amounting to 100% of protein feeds. Also, hyperactivity of ALAT, ASAT and alkaline phosphatase was observed in the animals' serum. No negative influence of applying raw seeds of grass pea amounting up to 50% of protein feeds in grower and/or finisher periods on the parameters examined was noted.
Ageless beauty : an insider's guide to advanced alternatives to plastic surgery
Effects of aluminium and lead on the rodent cerebral synaptosomal integral proteins in vivo and in vitro
Laboratory diagnostics of botulism
Clinical neuropsychology : a pocket handbook for assessment
Novel neurotrophic treatments in rats and toxin sensitivity of genetically modified mice in the unilateral 6 OHDA model of Parkinson's disease
Evaluation of neurotoxicity of mercury compounds and aluminum in cell cultures
From poison arrows to Prozac : how deadly toxins changed our lives forever
Test method development on neurotoxicity : activities carried out by the Nordic Steering Group for Neurotoxicity during the period 1994-1999
Dose monitoring for health risk assessment of exposure to acrylamides
Role of glutamatergic neurotransmitter system in the neurotoxicity of inorganic lead
Effects of dopamine and excitotoxicity in experimental models of Huntington's disease
The influence of raw grass pea (Lathyrus sativus L.) seeds on growth performance and biochemical and haematological parameters in the blood of grower-finisher pigs
Detection of Botulinum neurotoxin (BoNT) type B in water sample
Botox, Dysport, Dermal fillers, and sclerotherapy
Role of ret signaling in the regulation of the nigrostriatal dopaminergic system in mice
Sequencing the botulinum neurotoxin gene and related genes in Clostridium botulinum type E strains reveals orfx3 and a novel type E neurotoxin subtype
Hazard and control of group II (non-proteolytic) Clostridium botulinum in modern food processing
