http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18805 intellectual history
intellectual history history of ideas
Splendour, misery, and possibilities : an X-ray of socialist Yugoslavia
Politics ancient and modern
Entangled histories of the Balkans. 2, Transfers of political ideologies and institutions
Cult of water, stone and heavenly bodies : aqua sulis, stonehenge and music of the spheres
Puritanism and its discontents
The Yale edition of the complete works of St. Thomas More. Vol. 3, part 1, Translations of Lucian
Logological investigations. Vol. 2, The beginnings of European theorizing : reflexivity in the archaic age
The Oxford encyclopedia of American cultural and intellectual history
Liberty
Paths of American thought
Erasmus, Contarini, and the religious republic of letters
Fiction and the philosophy of happiness : ethical inquiries in the Age of Enlightenment
Intellectual America : ideas on the march
The science of pleasure : cosmos and psyche in the bourgeois world view
This volume provides an overview of the history of German images and perceptions of 'the West', its changing meanings and importance over a long period of time. It unites the foremost experts on this subject. "The West" is a central idea in German public discourse, yet historians know surprisingly little about the evolution of the concept. Contrary to common assumptions, this volume argues that the German concept of the West was not born in the twentieth century, but can be traced from a much earlier time. In the nineteenth century, "the West" became associated with notions of progress, liberty, civilization, and modernity. It signified the future through the opposition to antonyms such as "Russia" and "the East," and was deployed as a tool for forging German identities. Examining the shifting meanings, political uses, and transnational circulations of the idea of "the West" sheds new light on German intellectual history from the post-Napoleonic era to the Cold War.
Mozart and the Enlighment : truth, virtue and beauty in Mozart's operas
Utopias and the millennium
Faith and philosophy
Mussolini and the origins of the Second World War, 1933-1940
Reason and reality
The award-winning author of The Vertigo Years argues that in the aftermath of World War I, Western culture redirected energies into hedonistic, aesthetic and intellectual adventures of self-discovery in ways that triggered world-changing innovations.
Medieval political thought
The shaping of modern thought
Anarchism for beginners
An encyclopaedia of philosophy
Anti-Italianism in sixteenth-century France
The sociology of knowledge : toward a deeper understanding of the history of ideas
Dictionary of the history of ideas : studies of selected pivotal ideas. 3, Law, concept of to protest movements
One step back, two steps forward : dialectical birthpangs of the modern Western worldview, as reflected in the works of Christopher Marlowe, Francis Bacon and Gerrard Winstanley
History of European morals : from Augustus to Charlemagne
The making of the modern mind : a survey of the intellectual background of the present age
Western civilization : a brief history
Philosophy as a path to happiness : attainment of happiness in Arabic Peripatetic and Ismaili philosophy
The enlightenment : critique, myth, utopia ; proceedings of the Symposium arranged by the Finnish Society for Eighteenth-Century Studies in Helsinki, 17-18 October 2008
Essays in the history of ideas
Korean thought and culture : a new introduction
The proper study of mankind : an anthology of essays
Reason and the imagination : studies in the history of ideas 1600-1800
A terrible beauty : the people and ideas that shaped the modern mind : a history
German bodies : race and representation after Hitler
"The Muslim Brotherhood has achieved a level of influence nearly unimaginable before the Arab Spring. The Brotherhood was the resounding victor in Egypt's 2011-2012 parliamentary elections, and six months later, a leader of the group was elected president. Yet the implications of the Brotherhood's rising power for the future of democratic governance, peace, and stability in the region is open to dispute. Drawing on more than one hundred in-depth interviews as well as Arabic language sources not previously accessed by Western researchers, Carrie Rosefsky Wickham traces the evolution of the Muslim Brotherhood in Egypt from its founding in 1928 to the fall of Mubarak and the watershed elections of 2011-2012."--
Ideology and challenges of political liberalisation in the USSR, 1957-1961 : Otto Kuusinen's "Reform platform", the state concept, and the path to the 3rd CPSU programme
The tragedy of European civilization : towards an intellectual history of the twentieth century
Approaches to Slavic unity : Austro-Slavism, Pan-Slavism, Neo-Slavism, and solidarity among the Slavs today
Demanding the impossible : a history of anarchism
Historied thought, constructed world : a conceptual primer for the turn of the millennium
The embrace of unreason : France, 1914-1940
Ideas about the future : a history of futurism, 1794-1982
Anarchism and authority : a philosophical introduction to classical anarchism
The 1630s : interdisciplinary essays on culture and politics in the Caroline era
"No ruling regime," writes Hamid Dabashi, "could ever have a total claim over the idea of Iran as a nation, a people." For decades, the narrative about Iran has been dominated by a false binary, in which the traditional ruling Islamist regime is counterposed against a modern population of educated, secular urbanites. However, Iran has for many centuries been a nation forged from a diverse mix of influences, most of them non-sectarian and cosmopolitan. In Iran Without Borders, the acclaimed cultural critic and scholar of Iranian history Hamid Dabashi traces the evolution of this worldly culture from the eighteenth century to the present day, journeying through social and intellectual movements, and the lives of writers, artists and public intellectuals who articulated the idea of Iran on a transnational public sphere. Many left their homeland--either physically or emotionally--and imagined it from places as far-flung as Istanbul, Cairo, Calcutta, Paris, or New York, but together they forged a nation as worldly as it is multifarious.
Christianity and classical culture : a study of thought and action from Augustus to Augustine
Ideas in history
A revolution of the spirit : crisis of value in Russia, 1890-1924
The making of the Christian West : 980-1140
"But What If We're Wrong visualizes the contemporary world as it will appear to those who'll perceive it as the distant past. We live in a culture of casual certitude. This has always been the case, no matter how often that certainty has failed. Though no generation believes there's nothing left to learn, every generation unconsciously assumes that what has already been defined and accepted is (probably) pretty close to how reality will be viewed in perpetuity. And then, of course, time passes. Ideas shift. Opinions invert. What once seemed reasonable eventually becomes absurd, replaced by modern perspectives that feel even more irrefutable and secure--until, of course, they don't. But What If We're Wrong? visualizes the contemporary world as it will appear to those who'll perceive it as the distant past. Chuck Klosterman asks questions that are profound in their simplicity: How certain are we about our understanding of gravity? How certain are we about our understanding of time? What will be the defining memory of rock music, five hundred years from today? How seriously should we view the content of our dreams? How seriously should we view the content of television? Are all sports destined for extinction? Is it possible that the greatest artist of our era is currently unknown (or--weirder still--widely known, but entirely disrespected)? Is it possible that we "overrate" democracy? And perhaps most disturbing, is it possible that we've reached the end of knowledge? Kinetically slingshotting through a broad spectrum of objective and subjective problems, But What If We're Wrong? is built on interviews with a variety of creative thinkers--George Saunders, David Byrne, Jonathan Lethem, Kathryn Schulz, Neil deGrasse Tyson, Brian Greene, Junot Díaz, Amanda Petrusich, Ryan Adams, Nick Bostrom, Dan Carlin, and Richard Linklater, among others--interwoven with the type of high-wire humor and nontraditional analysis only Klosterman would dare to attempt. It's a seemingly impossible achievement: a book about the things we cannot know, explained as if we did. It's about how we live now, once "now" has become "then.""-- Provided by publisher.
"A dream of liberty" : Constance Markievicz's vision of Ireland, 1908-1927
Realpoetik : European romanticism and literary politics
The Partha Chatterjee omnibus : comprising nationalist thought and the colonial world, the nation and its fragments, a possible India
Foundations of a new humanism : 1280-1440
Dictionary of the history of ideas : studies of selected pivotal ideas. Vol. 2, Despotism to Law, Common
History of European ideas
Landmarks of the western heritage. Vol. 2, 1715 to the present
History in a changing world
The Fontana dictionary of modern thinkers
History of the idea of progress
Estonia gravitates towards Sweden : nordic identity and activist regionalism in world war I
This book offers for the first time a conceptual history of compromise. Alin Fumurescu combines contextual historical analysis of daily parlance and a survey of the usage of the word from the end of the sixteenth century to the beginning of the eighteenth century in both French and English with an analysis of canonical texts in the history of political thought. This book fills a significant gap in the literature about compromise and demonstrates the connection between different understandings of compromise and corresponding differences in understandings of political representation. In addition, Fumurescu addresses two controversial contemporary debates about when compromise is beneficial and when it should be avoided at all costs. A better understanding of the genealogy of compromise offers new venues for rethinking basic assumptions regarding political representation and the relationship between individuals and politics.
A Companion to Intellectual History provides an in-depth survey of the practice of intellectual history as a discipline. Forty newly-commissioned chapters showcase leading global research with broad coverage of every aspect of intellectual history as it is currently practiced. Presents an in-depth survey of recent research and practice of intellectual history Written in a clear and accessible manner, designed for an international audience Surveys the various methodologies that have arisen and the main historiographical debates that concern intellectual historians Pays special attention to contemporary controversies, providing readers with the most current overview of the field Demonstrates the ways in which intellectual historians have contributed to the history of science and medicine, literary studies, art history and the history of political thought.
A history of magic and experimental science. Vol. 3, Fourteenth and fifteenth centuries
The mind of modern Russia : historical and political thought of Russia's great age
Democracy : a history of ideas
The legacy of the ancient world. Volume 1
Atatürk in the Nazi imagination
The Roman goddess Ceres
A companion to intellectual history
Dictionary of the history of ideas : studies of selected pivotal ideas. Vol. 4, Psychological ideas in Antiquity to Zeitgeist
The history of scepticism from Erasmus to Descartes
Gray's anatomy : selected writings
Abstract: Seven conceptions of liberty.
"Eighteenth-century periodicals as agents of change: Perspectives on Northern Enlightenment" offers new accounts of the impact of Enlightenment ideas in Scandinavia, with a particular focus on the transnational and revolutionary role of the new periodical press.
The Platonic Alcibiades I : the dialogue and its ancient reception
Racism : A beginner ́s guide
The constitution of socialism : speech delivered at the extraordinary eighth Congress of Soviets of the U.S.S.R. November 29, 1936
Visions of a technological future : experience and expectation of progress in the interwar United States
Logological investigations. Vol. 3, Presocratic reflexity : the construction of philosophical discourse c. 600-450 BC
Wonderful things : a history of Egyptology
Utopian thought in the western world
Revolution or reformation
Fractured Times : culture and society in the twentieth century
The concept of the universal was born in the lands we now call Europe, yet it is precisely the universal that is Europe's undoing. All European politics is caught in a tension: to assert a European identity is to be open to multiplicity, but this very openness could dissolve Europe as such. This book reflects on Europe and its changing boundaries over the span of twenty centuries. A work of philosophy, it consistently draws on concrete events. From ancient Greece and Rome, to Christianity, to the Reformation, to the national revolutions of the twentieth century, what we today call "Europe" has been a succession of projects in the name of ecclesia or community. Empire, Church, and EU: all have been constructed in contrast to an Oriental "other." The stakes of Europe, then, are as much metaphysical as political. Redefining a series of key concepts such as world, place, transportation, and the common, this book sheds light on Europe as process by engaging with the most significant philosophical debates on the subject, including the work of Marx, Husserl, Heidegger, Patocka, and Nancy.
A history of comparative anatomy from Aristotle to the eighteenth century
A kingdom not of this world : Wagner, the arts, and utopian visions in fin-de-siècle Vienna
Dictionary of the history of ideas : studies of selected pivotal ideas. Index
Iran without borders : towards a critique of the postcolonial nation
Korean thought
The passion of the Western mind : understanding the ideas that have shaped our world view
"Although it was influential for several hundred years after it first appeared, doubts about the authenticity of the Platonic Alcibiades I have unnecessarily impeded its interpretation ever since. It positions itself firmly within the Platonic and Socratic traditions, and should therefore be approached in the same way as most other Platonic dialogue. It paints a vivid portrait of a Socrates in his late thirties tackling the unrealistic ambitions of the youthful Alcibiades, urging him to come to know himself and to care for himself. François Renaud and Harold Tarrant re-examine the drama and philosophy of Alcibiades I with an eye on those interpreters who cherished it most. Modern scholars regularly play down one or more of the religious, erotic, philosophic or dramatic aspects of the dialogue, so ancient Platonist interpreters are given special consideration. This rich study will interest a wide range of readers in ancient philosophy"--
Marxism in the modern world
Five ideas that change the world
The Muslim Brotherhood : evolution of an Islamist movement
Anarchist modernity : cooperatism and Japanese-Russian intellectual relations in modern Japan
Dictionary of the history of ideas : studies of selected pivotal ideas. Vol. 1, Abstraction in the formation of concepts to Design argument
The history of liberalism in Russia
A comparative history of ideas
Occidentalism : a short history of anti-Westernism
A short course of Stalinism
Fiction through metaphor : a case study of The God of small things
Anarchism : a documentary history of libertarian ideas. Vol. 2, The emergence of the new anarchism (1939-1977)
Philosophy of religion : selected readings
Russian idea, Jewish presence : essays on Russian-Jewish intellectual life
"From acclaimed biographer and cultural historian, author of For the Soul of France ("Masterful history...hard to put down."-Henry Kissinger); Zola ("Magnificent." --The New Yorker); and Flaubert ("Impeccable."-James Wood, cover, The New York Times Book Review)-a brilliant reconsideration of the events and the political, social, and religious movements that led to France's embrace of Fascism and anti-Semitism. Frederick Brown explores the tumultuous forces unleashed by the Dreyfus Affair, and examines how the clashing ideologies and the blood-soaked political scandals and artistic movements following the horror of World War I resulted in the country's era of militant authoritarianism; and how rioting, violent racism, and nationalistic fervor overtook France's sense of reason, sealed its fate, and led to the rise of the Vichy government. We see how the French intelligentsia turned away from the humanistic traditions and rationalistic ideals of the Enlightenment in favor of submission to authority that stressed patriotism, militarism, and xenophobia; how French conservatives attempted to rebuild and reshape the country's collective identity as the German threat loomed, as mistrust of the parliamentary Republic increased (a result of its illegal financial mismanagement of the building of the Panama Canal, and nostalgia for a monarchial government and the glories of wartime martyrdom); how the generation that came of age in the trenches, under fire, offered a new vision, and saw salvation in the surrender of reason to instinct. Brown masterfully brings to life Europe's-and France's-darkest modern years"--
Eighteenth-century periodicals as agents of change : perspectives on northern enlightenment
The Nazi ancestral proof : genealogy, racial science, and the final solution
The idea of European unity
Marx, Tocqueville, and race in America : the "absolute democracy" or "defiled republic"
Abnormal : lectures at the Collège de France 1974-1975
Fifty years of communism : theory and practice 1917-1967
Reimagining politics after the Terror : the republican origins of French liberalism
Citizens without sovereignty : equality and sociability in French thought, 1670-1789
The complete works of St. Thomas More. Volume 2 , The history of King Richard III
European intellectual movements and modernization of Romanian culture
Human nature in American thought : a history
The Concepts of luxury and waste in american radicalism, 1880-1929
Radio Liberty - The Enemy Within? The Dissemination of Western Values through US Cold War Broadcasts
But what if we're wrong? : thinking about the present as if it were the past
From Shakespeare to existentialism : studies in poetry, religion, and philosophy
The dark abyss of time : the history of the earth & the history of nations from Hooke to Vico
A guide to the good life : the ancient art of stoic joy
Adventure of ideas
The legacy of the ancient world. Volume 2
Before the nation : Kokugaku and the imagining of community in early modern Japan
Main currents of Western thought : readings in Western European intellectual history from the Middle Ages to the present
Pioneers of Russian social thought
The Europe of the cathedrals : 1140-1280
The idea of historical recurrence in Western thought : from antiquity to the reformation
Reproducing Athens : Menander's comedy, democratic culture, and the Hellenistic city
About Europe : philosophical hypotheses
Classical culture and the idea of Rome in eighteenth-century England
Russian Eurasianism : an ideology of empire
Cult of the will : nervousness and German modernity
Reason, grace, and sentiment : a study of the language of religion and ethics in England, 1660-1780. Vol. 1, Whichcote to Wesley
Pragmatism, feminism and democracy : rethinking the politics of American history
Wanáǧi Wachípi ki̧ : the ghost dance among the Lakota Indians in 1890
Doctors of body, soul and society : Scottish medical missionaries of the Livingstonia mission in Nyasaland 1875-1914
Intellectual history of the Caribbean
Fracture : life & culture in the West, 1918-1938
Paul and his interpreters : a critical history
Prophets and conspirators in prerevolutionary Russia
Fifty major political thinkers
Reassessing Tudor Humanism
Russia's path toward Enlightenment : faith, politics, and reason, 1500-1801
Utopias on Puget Sound : 1885-1915
Dictionary of the history of ideas : studies of selected pivotal ideas. [5], Index
God's philosophers : how the medieval world laid the foundations of modern science
EUROPEAN INTELLECTUAL MOVEMENTS AND MODERNIZATION OF ROMANIAN CULTURE
The perception of the past in twelfth-century Europe
Backgrounds of American literary thought
The crooked timber of humanity : chapters in the history of ideas
An intellectual history of China. Vol. 1 / Knowledge, thought, and belief before the seventh century CE
Red star in the North : communism in the Nordic countries
Nature and man
Back to modern reason : Johan Hjerpe and other petit bourgeios in Stockholm in the Age of Enlightenment
The skeptical tradition
An aristotelian response to renaissance humanism : Jacopo Zabarella on the Nature of Arts and Sciences
Science in the Third Reich
Utopias and utopian thought
The logical way of doing things
Pragmatik : Handbuch pragmatischen Denkens = Pragmatics : handbook of pragmatic thought. Bd. 1, Pragmatisches Denken von den Ursprüngen bis zum 18. Jahrhundert
Dictionary of the history of ideas : studies of selected pivotal ideas. 4, Psychological ideas in antiquity to Zeitgeist
Logic and the art of memory : the quest for a universal language
Dictionary of the history of ideas : studies of selected pivotal ideas. Vol. 3, Law, Concept of to Protest movements
Law and enlightenment in Britain
Spontaneous mind : selected interviews, 1958-1996
Omnipotence, covenant, & order : an excursion in the history of ideas from Abelard to Leibniz
Les Icariens : the utopian dream in Europe and America
Dictionary of the history of ideas : studies of selected pivotal ideas. 2, Despotism to law, common
Visions of past glory : nationalism and the construction of early Finnish history
Towards a rogue reality : Kant to Freud, and beyond
Western political thought : an historical introduction from the origins to Rousseau
Death of the soul : from Descartes to the computer
Germany and 'The West' : the history of a modern concept
Ideas that changed the world
Imagine there's no heaven : how atheism helped create the modern world
Prophets of decline : the global histories of Brooks Adams, Oswald Spengler and Arnold Toynbee in the United States 1896-1961
Compromise : a political and philosophical history
Russian political thought : a concise history
The power of antiquity:the Hyperborean research tradition in early modern Swedish research on national antiquity
The knower and the known
Entangled histories of the Balkans. 3, Shared pasts, disputed legacies
Realpoetik compares the writings of key German, French, and Italian Romantics, with an eye to their differences from British Romanticism. The principle of selection is to choose writers whose use of fiction is realistic -- not realist, but fundamentally contributory to the purposes of non-fictional discourse. The political resonance audible when we put Real at the start of a compound noun is also true to the period looked at. At that time, positive political institutions were recovering from their upending in the French Revolution and their strategic re-shaping in the period of Restoration after Napoleon. In this volume, Paul Hamilton pinpoints a moment when the political imagination was actually creative of political reality. It is a long gloss on Friedrich Meinecke's description of the early Romantic period in Germany as 'that past era of teeming intellectual impulses with its excess of non-political political ideals', but Hamilton finds his insight into the contemporary inextricability of the ideal and the political true of France and Italy. Before the existence of a unified Germany or Italy, and in the new France after Napoleon, there was an opportunity and a necessity to imagine the kind of nation which would be desirable. Realpoetik examines the extent to which this illuminates the fiction and philosophy of Friedrich Schlegel, Madame de Stael, Giacomo Leopardi and others. It also reflects on current dissatisfaction with existing political arrangements and our contemporary desire to re-imagine a new, more representative politics.--Book jacket.
The rise of social theory
Piety and power in Ireland, 1760-1960 : essays in honour of Emmet Larkin
The age of the masses : ideas and society in Europe since 1870
Russian intellectual history : an anthology
The complete works of St. Thomas More. Volume 4, Utopia
Formations of European modernity : a historical and political sociology of Europe
The flow of ideas : Russian thought from the enlightenment to the religious-philosophical renaissance
Visions of women : being a fascinating athology with analysis of philosophers' views of women from ancient to modern times
