http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1882 rock music
rock music
Rock in the East : Expectations Towards a Finnish Rock Festival in the Russian Context
Rock Hellsinki, Marketing Research
Unleashed : The Story of Tool
Finnish fandom of Japanese popular culture : what are the Finns doing for anime, manga, and J-rock?
Dare to rock
Five classic albums
Jessica Wolff
One step closer
Social and behavioral scientists study religion or spirituality in various ways and have defined and approached the subject from different perspectives. In cultural anthropology and archaeology the understanding of what constitutes religion involves beliefs, oral traditions, practices and rituals, as well as the related material culture including artifacts, landscapes, structural features and visual representations like rock art. Researchers work to understand religious thoughts and actions that prompted their creation distinct from those created for economic, political, or social purposes. Rock art landscapes convey knowledge about sacred and spiritual ecology from generation to generation. Contributors to this global view detail how rock art can be employed to address issues regarding past dynamic interplays of religions and spiritual elements. Studies from a number of different cultural areas and time periods explore how rock art engages the emotions, materializes thoughts and actions, and reflects religious organization as it intersects with sociopolitical cultural systems.
Nothing has changed : the very best of Bowie
Tomorrow belongs to me
Jay & Entities
Justice for all : The Truth About Metallica
No more hell to pay
Joy-Joy
Killspree Manatee
Perfect Circle : the story of REM
Jupiter
Birth of an ocean
The present
Joanna Newsom, Will Oldham (a.k.a 'Bonnie Prince Billy'), and Devendra Banhart are perhaps the best known of a generation of independent artists who use elements of folk music in contexts that are far from traditional. These (and other) so called "new folk" artists challenge our notions of 'finished product' through their recordings, intrinsically guided by practices and rhetoric inherited from punk. This book traces a fractured trajectory that includes Harry Smith's Anthology of American Folk Music, Bob Dylan, psych-folk of the sixties (from Vashti Bunyan to The Incredible String Band), and lo-fi and outsider recordings (from Captain Beefheart and The Residents to Jandek and Daniel Johnston) to contextualise the first substantial consideration of new folk. In the process, Encarnacao reviews the literature on folk and punk to argue that tropes of authenticity, though constructions, carry considerable power in the creation and reception of recorded works. New approaches to music require new analytical tools, and through the analysis of some 50 albums, Encarnacao introduces the categories of labyrinth, immersive and montage forms. This book makes a compelling argument for a reconsideration of popular music history that highlights the eternal compulsion for spontaneous, imperfect and performative recorded artefacts.
Application of Cathodoluminescence Imaging to the Study of Sedimentary Rocks
Danny and The Thunders
Nick & Norah's infinite playlist
Time travellers & bonfires
Progress in Metamorphic and Magmatic Petrology comprises a collection of review articles summarising recent scientific achievements in the theory of petrology. The contributors include many prominent specialists in the field, such as A. Boettcher, A. Marakushev, I. Kushiro, B. Mysen, W. Schreyer, W. Ernst, E. Grew, P. Wyllie and E-an Zen. Their papers discuss developments in experimental work as well as in field geology. The book is divided into three main sections: section 1 covers general thermodynamics and mineral equilibria, section 2 covers metamorphic and metasomatic processes, and the final section covers the mantle and magmatic processes. The subjects covered include the general thermodynamics of geological processes, the thermodynamics of solid solutions, geothermometry and geobarometry, P-T-time paths, experimental and theoretical modelling of metasomatic processes, the genesis of anorthosites, island arc magmatic rocks and kimberlites, and the thermal areas around intrusive bodies. The book is dedicated to the memory of Professor D. S. Korzhinskiy, a founder of the theory of open systems with perfectly mobile components.
Ten Years After
Becoming Jimi Hendrix : from southern crossroads to psychedelic London, the untold story of a musical genius
Large Igneous Provinces (LIPs) are intraplate magmatic events, involving volumes of mainly mafic magma upwards of 100,000 km3, and often above 1 million km3. They are linked to continental break-up, global environmental catastrophes, regional uplift and a variety of ore deposit types. In this up-to-date, fascinating book, leading expert Richard Ernst explores all aspects of LIPs, beginning by introducing their definition and essential characteristics. Topics covered include continental and oceanic LIPs; their origins, structures, and geochemistry; geological and environmental effects; association with silicic, carbonatite and kimberlite magmatism; and analogues of LIPs in the Archean, and on other planets. The book concludes with an assessment of LIPs' influence on natural resources such as mineral deposits, petroleum and aquifers. This is a one-stop resource for researchers and graduate students in a wide range of disciplines, including tectonics, igneous petrology, geochemistry, geophysics, Earth history, and planetary geology, and for mining industry professionals.
Chainerection
Straight shooter
The precious skin
M Train
Bad monk's hill
A field guide to rocks and minerals
Woolgathering
Medicine show
The bloody reign of slayer
1001 amazing facts about the best bands : unofficial & unauthorised. Volume 1.
Off the rails ; Live in '78
Kindly Ink
Music of Yes : structure and vision in progressive rock
"Zooropa! my Zooropa!" : U2's critique of Europe in the 1990s
Patti Smith tells real and imagined stories from her childhood.
Preaching the end of your war
The definitive collection
Christian spirituality in the lyrics of the rock group U2
Listening to the future : the time of progressive rock, 1968-1978
Walking on the moon : the untold story of the Police and the rise of new wave rock
SPIN : greatest Hits : 25 years of heretics, heroes, and the new rock 'n' roll
Culture club : modern art, rock and roll, and other things your parents warned you about
Two hands
Constant bop
Composing a piece : the birthing of "Self-Actualize"
Fleetwood Mac : 40 years of creative chaos
Van Halen : a visual history: 1978-1984
Precious Metal
The Allsprite
Rock Mechanics and Engineering
Dear Nemesis
British society in gothic rock : Siouxsie and the Banshees 1978-79
Early jazz-rock : the music of Miles Davis, 1967-72
Theory and application of joint interpretation of multimethod geophysical data
Night moves
When they were boys : the true story of the Beatles' rise to the top
Every day I get closer to the light from which I came
M train
Blackfield V
Tom Waits on Tom Waits : interviews and encounters
The global and the local in Max Cavalera's music projects /.
Iron Maiden : the ultimate unauthorized history of the beast
Born to run
Too much too soon
Brown eyed girl : the collection
Baron von Tollbooth & The Chrome Nun
Sunfighter
Native sons
Indefinity
Focusing on simplified models of physical flow processes, this book develops a series of quantitative models to describe the recovery of oil and gas from hydrocarbon reservoirs (including fracking), the physics of geo-sequestration of CO2, geothermal power production, and the potential for underground contaminant dispersal in the long-term storage of nuclear waste. The author approaches these problems by developing simplified mathematical models and identifying the key dimensionless variables that control the processes. This analysis is then used to demonstrate the challenges and constraints of modelling flow in complex and heterogeneous rocks, which often have uncertain flow properties. Analytical solutions for flows are provided where possible, and analogue laboratory experiments are also presented to help illustrate and provide a different perspective on the flows. Incorporating end-of-chapter exercises, this is an important introduction to the different controls on flow in porous rocks for academic researchers, energy industry professionals and graduate students.
Carnaby Street
Colored mind in the gray woods
Building your own climbing wall  : illustrated instructions and plans for indoor and outdoor walls
Guitar player : e-lehti
Mike + The Mechanics
Flow in Porous Rocks : Energy and Environmental Applications
Whatever turns you on
Avery Dare lives a quiet life in Miami as an online fashion/makeup video blogger. She has good friends, a close, large family and if her love life is lacking, she likes it that way. But when she receives an invitation to one of her ex's concerts along with an invitation to meet him back stage, she decides to take the risk...and comes face to face with the reality of his rock star lifestyle -- the press, the crowds, and the half naked groupies. When Avery is threatened by a stalker, it becomes evident Grey's fans not only don't want him to retire, they don't want Avery in his life either. And Avery isn't sure she wants the pressures that are part of Grey's life...but she doesn't want to lose him again, either.
Exhaulting fire
Silver rails
Don't stop : Status Quo 30th anniversary album
Nothing to hide
Reckless : My life as a Pretender
From the lions mouth
Visual representations of Christianity in Christian music videos
Lend you a hand
In the line of fire : ...larger than live
Inception Icon
Grand assortment
The ASAP's
No one knows : The Queens of the Stone Age Story
Red House Painters
The Holy Bible
Rock art and sacred landscapes
Modelling rock fracturing processes : a fracture mechanics approach using FRACOD
God save the kinks : A Biography
Heaven and hell : my life in the Eagles (1974-2001)
The ceaseless sight
Boys in the trees : a memoir
This text book provides the theoretical background of rock fracture mechanics and displacement discontinuity methods used for the modelling of geomechanical problems. The computer program FRACOD is used to analyse the fracture problems, assessing fracture initiation and propagation in tension (Mode I), shear (Mode II) and mixed mode I and II of solid intact or jointed geomaterials. The book also presents the fundamentals of thermo-mechanical coupling and hydro-mechanical coupling. Formulations of multiple regional mechanical, thermal and hydraulic functions, which allow analyses of fracture mechanics problems for structures made of brittle, rock-like materials, are provided. In addition, instructive examples of code verification and applications are presented.
Country moss
Pilgrims of the vertical : Yosemite rock climbers and nature at risk
Johnny Don't Run
Hunger makes me a modern girl : a memoir
Encyclopedia of sediments and sedimentary rocks
Interstellar torment
Progress in Metamorphic and Magmatic Petrology : A Memorial Volume in Honour of D. S. Korzhinskiy
Minerals in sedimentary rocks emit characteristic visible luminescence called cathodoluminescence (CL) when bombarded by high energy electrons. CL emissions can be displayed as colour images in a cathodoluminescence microscope or as high-resolution monochromatic images in a scanning electron microscope. This provides information not available by other techniques on the provenance of the mineral grains in sedimentary rocks, and insights into diagenetic changes. The book, first published in 2006, begins with an easily understood presentation of the fundamental principles of CL imaging. This is followed by a description and discussion of the instruments used in CL imaging, and a detailed account of its applications to the study of sedimentary rocks. The volume is a comprehensive, easily understood description of the applications of cathodoluminescence imaging to the study of sedimentary rocks. It will be an important resource for academic researchers, industry professionals and advanced graduate students in sedimentary geology.
Hexadic
Down Incognito
She's the boss
hernameOIKEE
JJ Radio Waves
Iron Boris ; Pigeon Hunt [EP]
Dandy in the underworld
Fleetwood Mac's distinctive sound, first really captured in the 1977 record Rumours, launched the group into the commercial stratosphere, and over the past three decades they have never looked back. All along the way their dysfunctional relationships have informed their professional success, as well as their personal downfalls. By writing and singing about their problems, Fleetwood Mac has transformed what breaks them apart into what keeps them together. They have turned their dark relationship dilemmas into glittering entertainment. In this highly entertaining chronicle, author Donald Brackett provides readers with a special opportunity to review the band's complicated history and reconsider the personal, dynamic sources of their classic albums and enduring hits. The band drummer Mick Fleetwood and bassist John McVie started in 1967 has gone through more personnel changes and stylistic innovations than any other pop group in our cultural history. The story of the group began when John Mayall and Alexis Korner, the band's mentors, launched a mid-'60s British blues revival. Ex-Mayall players Fleetwood and McVie then went on to form an incendiary band of psychedelic blues under the name Fleetwood Mac. But it was not until hearing a little-known 1973 record from Lindsey Buckingham and Stevie Nicks that Mick Fleetwood heard the future sound and true pop potential of his own group.
Punk aesthetics and new folk : way down the old plank road
Are you a fan of 5 Seconds of Summer, One Direction, The Vamps and other similar bands? Do you want to know all the inside info on your favourite music acts, from how they first got together to their relationships, likes, dislikes and interesting facts previously known only to those closest to the bands themselves? If so, then this is the book for you. Containing one hundred facts on each band (plus one final bonus fact on 5SOS) this book will make you the master of all rock and pop knowledge! So whether it’s Harry Styles and his mates, Luke Hemmings & co, Brad Simpson and friends or any of the other seven groups featured, this is the perfect book for you!
Charmed life
Lucky Leif and the Longships
This article discusses Christian rock videos. Videos from a collection entitled Wow Hits 2002: the year's top Christian music videos are used as examples. The title of the collection declares that the videos are "Christian", and the question asked in the article is how this quality may be seen in the videos. How may the videos be seen as visual representations of Christianity? Using a semiotic framework, two possible types of such representations of Christianity in the videos are discussed. These are references to traditional christian imagery; and the style and appearance of the artists. .
Archipelago
Shock and awe : glam rock and its legacy : from the seventies to the twenty-first century
Sheltered
The first edition of Rock Mechanics and Engineering bridged the gap between scientific research on rock mechanics and practical engineering. It was resolutely aimed at giving practical information to geologists, engineering geologists and engineers. Emphasis was placed on the lessons to be learnt from the study of case histories, with the Malpasset Dam rupture and the large Vajont rock slide amongst those described. In this second, enlarged edition the author continues to emphasise aspects of rock mechanics. Modern efforts at establishing an engineering classification of rocks are summarised and considerable attention is given to the Austrian tunnelling method. Firm in his belief that there is no better way to study the subject than by the detailed analysis of case histories, Dr Jaeger has incorporated a number of new ones, for example the discussion on the engineering classification of jointed rock masses and the required rock support is illustrated by descriptions of the second Gotthard Tunnel and the design of the third, much larger tunnel.
"Never fall into silence" : rock artists' politically persuasive messages
Rush : the illustrated history
Another fall from grace
The Rock Metal Quiz Book
Love themes in the lyrics of Freddie Mercury
Runnin' thru my bones
Living in the streets
Frost , blood and a thousand lakes : representing Finnishness in metal lyrics
Stratosphere
Other voices
Cardiff Rose
Fingers crossed
Boring girls : a novel
Understanding popular music
Behind the mask
Signs from the ancestors : Zuni cultural symbolism and perceptions of rock art
Incredible Fish
Fiction circus
The B-sides
A Palaeoproterozoic high-sulphidation epithermal gold deposit at Orivesi, southern Finland
The rarity of experience
Uncle Meat
Automatic subgenre classification of heavy metal music
Fortunate son : my life, my music
On the road to freedom
How to build a girl
Nothing is sound
