http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18807 restaurant sector (lines of business)
restaurant sector (lines of business)
Service : the master's guide
The moderating effect of bundling in perceived fairness towards dynamic pricing in restaurant industry
Abstract.
The hospitality yearbook 1995
The hospitality yearbook 1998
Empowerment in the hospitality industry : the use of self-directed work teams
Fields shows how a restaurant can survive its first year and keep diners coming back for years. Featuring real-life start-up stories, he walks readers through the logistics of opening a restaurant: concept, location, menu, ambiance, staff, and, most important, profit. This edition has been updated to address current trends such as food trucks and to tackle online opportunities (and pitfalls!) including Groupon, Yelp, and Twitter.
Culinary arts and sciences IV : global and national perspectives
Russian restaurant business guide : a business plan of running a restaurant in Russia
A comparison of Sun Tzu military philosophy with modern strategic management in hospitality
Restaurant-bar strategic behaviors in Oulu city centre 2014: analysis of competitive advantage, performance patterns and success-achievement results
Supervision in the hospitality industry
Hospitality marketing : principles and practice
Business Plan of Asian House Restaurant
Food wars : Shokugeki no soma. 10. Conditions for battle
Launching a new restaurant concept in the Tampere area : case company: Seppo Koskinen Ravintolat Oy
Professional hospitality : an introduction
Career opportunities in travel and hospitality
TO IMPROVE QUALITY MANAGEMENT PROCESS : Case: Aiya Restaurant Chain
Restaurant hospitality
Food wars! : Shokugeki no soma. 4 : Resemblances
Hospitality leadership lessons in French gastronomy : the story of Guy and Franck Savoy
Journal of hospitality & tourism education
Food and beverage service
Training for the hospitality industry : techniques to improve job performance
Starting a restaurant business in Saint-Petersburg - Guide for Finnish entrepreneurs
Food wars! : Shokugeki no soma. 7 : Wolf pack
Food wars : Shokugeki no soma. 9. Diamond generation
Sous chef : 24 hours in the kitchen
The Cornell school of hotel administration on hospitality : cutting edge thinking and practice
Food wars! : Shokugeki no soma. 2 : Ice queen and the Spring storm
Build a financial plan for the business idea of setting up a Vietnamese street food cafe in Helsinki
Service with a smile : restaurant English : kasetti 2
Employee handbook as induction tool : case:  Palace Kämp Group Ltd
Consumer selection of vegetarian food in restaurants
Overview of Chinese chain catering market
The traditional labour force is nowadays being partly replaced by a part-time work force. This means different kinds of employment contracts. The contract agreed between employer and employee may therefore not necessarily be a permanent one, in which an employee enjoys a regular monthly salary, paid seasonal vacations and pension. And whereas a lack of these common benefits may be shared among non-standard employment contracts, studies have shown this to be the reason why employers use temporary workforce.  The interest towards this research came from studying the statistical data and figures. The amount of temporary employees increased by 30 000 from 2001 to 2004. In the fall of 2006 some studies revealed that the public sector, at communal level, in Finland is also using temporary work force to a great extent. Some municipalities are almost entirely using temporary work force. In some communities it was as high as 94% of the work force that did not have permanent employment contracts.   The objective of the research was to find out how part-time employees perceive motivation factors, which are important to employees with permanent contracts. Also the voluntariness to work part-time was taken into a consideration in the report. A qualitative analysis was used in order to ascertain the results. The data was obtained by semi-structured interviews and then analysed with interpretational analysis. Writing the thesis started in May 2004 and it was finished in October 2006.   The results describe the part-time employees' perceptions towards the motivation factors as well as the matter of voluntariness and its importance. It became obvious that working part-time voluntarily and involuntarily should be considered as two diverse issues since the perception towards work varies depending on this matter.  Economical rewards as a motivation factor are important but according to the results job security is the most important factor.
Service performance
Human Resources Management in the Hospitality Industry / David K. Hayes, Jack D. Ninemeier
Planning and control for food and beverage operations
Food wars! : Shokugeki no soma. 6 : Memories of battle
Restaurant franchising : concepts, regulations and practices
Purchasing : selection and procurement for the hospitality industry
The Perception of employee wellness in the hospitality industry : a survay research among hotel employers in the Black Forest, Germany
Piece of cake
The first steps for starting global businesses in Finland - From idea until the business plan : Project: Barisma – The worldwide website for bars, nightclubs and cafes
Forked : a new standard for American dining
Restaurant success by the numbers : a money-guy's guide to opening the next new hot spot
International restaurant English
Fundamentals of menu planning
Food wars! : Shokugeki no soma. 1 : Endless wilderness
Employee training in the restaurant industry
Effects of new logistics services on restaurants' business model and strategy
Financial aspects of a small hospitality business planning : through the example of a business plan of a café in Helsinki downtown
SUCCESS FACTORS OF A CHINESE RESTAURANT
Health risks of being a chef and its effects on chefs and the restaurant business
Introduction to hospitality operations
Introduction to hospitality
Ready to order : teacher's book
Managing beverage service
Sous chef : 24 hours on the line
Hospitality, restaurant
Accounting and financial analysis in the hospitality industry
Business territory. 2, Hotel and catering
Preparing a marketing plan for a restaurant : a case study of Restaurant Bono's
Restaurant and five other food service businesses
Food and wine events in Europe : a stakeholder approach
Fast food nation : the dark side of the all-American meal
Restaurant profits through advertising and promotion : the indispensable plan
The Perception of Employee Wellness in the Hospitality Industry : A survey research among hotel employers in the Black Forest, Germany
Starting and running a sandwich-coffee bar : an insider guide
English for the hospitality / foodservice industry
Restaurant-bar strategic behaviors in Oulu city centre 2014 : analysis of competitive advantage, performance patterns and success-achievement results
Hospitality industry managerial accounting
Future challenges in professional kitchens II : reports of seminar presentations
Accounting and financial management : developments in the international hospitality industry
Food wars : Shokugeki no soma. 8. Pour your heart into it
OVERVIEW OF CHINESE CHAIN CATERING MARKET
Ready to order : elementary english for the restaurant industry. Student's book
IMPROVEMENT FOR RECRUITMENT AND RETENTION STRATEGIES : Case: Aiya Restaurant Chain
The competent leader in the Finnish hospitality industry : case: Haaga Institute graduates
Getting to wow!: everybody WINS with 5 star service
Piece of cake : English for restaurant and catering services
Basic hotel and restaurant accounting
Introducing hospitality
The internationalization through franchising : choices, learning and contract terms in the full-service restaurant industry
International hospitality management : concepts and cases
Service : a guide for professionals
The restaurant revolution : growth, change and strategy in the international foodservice industry 1995-2000
Advances in hospitality and leisure
Service with a smile : hotel English : kasetti 1
Procurement of hospitality resources
Haas wanted to know what went on inside the mind of a top chef, and what kind of emotional dynamics drove the intense interactions inside a great restaurant. He spent eighteen months immersed in the kitchen at Craigie on Main, in Boston, and his story will change the way you think about food-- and about the complicated people who cook it and serve it.
"How to start, grow, and succeed in the food truck business.Food trucks have become a wildly popular and important part of the hospitality industry. Consumers are flocking to these mobile food businesses in droves, inspiring national food truck competitions and even a show dedicated to the topic on The Food Network. The relatively low cost of entry as compared to starting a restaurant, combined with free and low-cost ways to market them to the masses via platforms like social media, are just two of the reasons that food truck business are drawing in budding entrepreneurs.Author David Weber, a food truck advocate and entrepreneur himself, is here to offer his practical, step-by-step advice to achieving your mobile food mogul dreams in The Food Truck Handbook. This book cuts through all of the hype to give both hopeful entrepreneurs and already established truck owners an accurate portrayal of life on the streets. From concept to gaining a loyal following to preventative maintenance on your equipment this book covers it all. Includes profiles of successful food trucks, detailing their operations, profitability, and scalability. Establish best practices for operating your truck using one-of-a-kind templates for choosing vending locations, opening checklist, closing checklist, and more. Create a sound business plan complete with a reasonable budget and finding vendors you can trust; consider daily operations in detail from start to finish, and ultimately expand your business. Stay lean and profitable by avoiding the most common operating mistakes. Author David Weber is Founder and President of the NYC Food Truck Association (NYCFTA), which brings together small businesses that own and operate premium food trucks in NYC focused on innovation in hospitality, high quality food, and community development. "--
Profit planning : for hospitality and tourism
Notwithstanding the fact that seasonality has always been salient to the hospitality industry, and an issue that presents human resources challenges to managers, it has resulted in the increased use of temporary labour and outsourcing, which is evident in Finland today, in the rise in the number of agencies renting this just-in-time catering and restaurant workforce. This use, increases organizational flexibility, buffers the salient hourly, daily and monthly seasonality of the industry but more importantly introduces cost cutting measures. The fact remains however, that temporary workers are regarded as dispensable resources, for whom there may be little or no concern. Further, neither local nor international research has specifically represented the temps in this sector and their attitudes to work.  The concern of this study therefore is the job satisfaction of temporary workers in hospitality. It investigates the unique issues involved, and sets out to gain an understanding of how those issues contribute to the job satisfaction of temporary workers.  Because this study argued against the generic approach to researching job satisfaction, a unique framework was developed, which comprised of characteristics isolated from three sources, two separate studies carried out in hospitality and temporary work, and the job characteristics model. This was in order to facilitate an integration of the domains of the study and the issues represented.   The characteristics were used as open-ended questions in a focus group interview manned by a sample of 6 workers employed in the field.  Their feelings about how the issues identified contributed to their job satisfaction, constituted the raw data used in the study.  The data collected was then displayed in a matrix format for analysis where each participant represented a single unit of analysis or separate case.  A cross-case analysis of the data exposed two levels of conclusions. This analysis, added to the general consensus of the group, showed an association of the characteristics to job satisfaction, however, more importantly it showed support for Quarstein's situational occurrences theory. Further analysis exposed metathemes, which were considered of overall importance to the issue of job satisfaction. One such metathemes and the most significant finding was the emergence of the issue of supervisors and co-workers as central to the issue of the job satisfaction of the participants.   The Implications of these main issues for hospitality and human resources practitioners are grounded in the need for fresh approaches to flexibilization and in an understanding and restating of the importance of the temp in hospitality as a front-line customer service provider and valued worker. Attention to the issues identified should foster the development of organizational, departmental and political policy to the cause of the temporary worker.
Food wars! : Shokugeki no soma. 3, The perfect resette
The chef manager
Kitchen confidential : adventures in the culinary underbelly
Success factors of ethnic restaurants
Marketing project for Shangri-La Buffet restaurant
Purchasing for food service operations
Economics for hotel and catering students
The hospitality yearbook 1997
Ten restaurants that changed America
Food wars! : Shokugeki no soma. 5 : The dancing chefs
How do part-time employees perceive permanent employees most important motivation factors
Service included : four-star secrets of an eavesdropping waiter
"You've seen the headlines: Parmesan cheese made from sawdust. Lobster rolls containing no lobster at all. Extra virgin olive oil that isn't. Fake foods are in our supermarkets, our restaurants, and our kitchen cabinets. Food journalist Larry Olmsted exposes the pervasive and dangerous fraud perpetrated on consumers by bringing readers into the unregulated food industry, revealing the alarming truth: What we think we're eating is not what we're really eating. This shocking deception extends from high-end foods like olive oil, wine, and Kobe beef to everyday staples such as coffee, honey, juice, and cheese. It's a massive bait and switch where counterfeiting is rampant and where the consumer ultimately pays the price. Olmstead travels to the sources of the real stuff, to help us recognize what to look for, eat, and enjoy. Genuine Parmigiano-Reggiano from Italy, fresh-caught grouper from Florida, authentic port from Portugal. Real foods that are grown, raised, produced, and prepared with care by masters of their craft."
Accreditation model for study programmes in hotel and restaurant services
An executive sous chef who has worked alongside cooks from some of the nation's leading restaurants documents an intense twenty-four-hour period that illuminates the allures and adversities of a professional culinary life.
Professional chef : level 2 diploma
A glance at hospitality management : an entrance examination reading guide
Hospitality industry financial accounting
Blowback
Culinary schools : where the art of cooking becomes a career
The internal factors influencing restaurant owners’  growth decisions : Small and medium restaurants in Xiaogan
Strategic plan : case Kerho-ravintola
The food truck handbook : start, grow, and succeed in the mobile food business
Back of the house : the secret life of a restaurant
The objective is to measure direct and indirect competitors’ operating strategies, in order to evaluate their performance and make comparisons. The results are essential information for Coyoacán restaurant that will open on November 2014 on the street of Hallituskatu number 27. The 5 companies chosen represent the median values of all the competitors under a 93.75% certainty. The chosen “Subjects of Study” are: 1) Burgeribaari Kauppuri 5 (Bar & Grill Kauppuri 5 Oy) Fast-Food/Bar 2) Fit Wok (The Wokers Oy) 3) Indian Cuisine (Katiusa Oy) 4) Kiinalainen Ravintola Flavour Palace (Suo Zi Oy) 5) Tuba Food & Lounge (Oulu Tours Gorup Oy) Fast-Food/Bar Two “Subjects of Study” represent the Fast-Food/Bar business model, which is a trend of business model that many restaurants and bars are adopting, and they seem to be as well the most successful restaurants in Oulu city center area. Information is collected throughout two main sources researched, interviews and observation. First and second hand sources such as interviews, printed and online materials. All data gathered is spread into two main categories: The Marketing Mix 4 p’s and Jim Collin’s framework. With a 93.75% of certainty this research found out that the Business Model of the Fast-Food/Bar is the most efficient. The sales of alcohol, customer service features and logistics result in highly performance numbers. Subjects of study that fit with this business model are close to tripling the Net Sales of year 2013 in comparison to the rest of the companies. There is no evidence that necessarily hamburgers and beer is the key for success. However it is interesting to point-out that there is still not a Fast-Food/Bar in Oulu that wisely uses the same business model and presents a different menu with interesting and new ideas.
Hospitality management : avoiding legal pitfalls
Front of the house : restaurant manners, misbehaviors and secrets
Service Quality and Customer Satisfaction in the Restaurant Business : Case Study - Sagarmatha Nepalese Restaurant in Vantaa
An "examination of what we don't talk about when we talk about restaurants: Is the line cook working through a case of stomach flu because he doesn't get paid sick days? Is the busser not being promoted because he speaks with an accent? Is the server tolerating sexual harassment because tips are her only income? ... [This book] offers an insider's view of the highest--and lowest--scoring restaurants for worker pay and benefits in each sector of the restaurant industry, and with it, a new way of thinking about how and where we eat"--Amazon.com.
Defining success factors for the Finnish restaurant market : case study: "Čili pica" going to Helsinki
Anglo-russkij i russko-anglijskij slovar' restorannoj leksiki : okolo 14 000 terminov = English-Russian and Russian-English restaurant language guide
Human resources management in the hospitality industry
Managing hospitality human resources
Hospitality today : an introduction
Relationship between perceived organizational support and willingness to pursue a career in the hospitality industry
Delivering superior value to customers at restaurant sector
The hospitality yearbook 1999
The practice of graduate research in hospitality and tourism
Design HotelsTM made by originals
The hunger and the howling of Killian Lone
Planning Marketing and Marketing Material for Levi Ice Hotel Luvattumaa
Accounting essentials for hospitality managers
Introduction to management in the hospitality industry. Study guide to accompany
Contingent worker job satisfaction in hospitality : the case of agency workers in Finnish catering and restaurants
Real food / fake food : why you don't know what you're eating & what you can do about it
Food wars! : Shokugeki no soma. 11. The sun always rises
Basic Hotel and Restaurant Accounting
Food and beverage management : for the hospitality, tourism and event industries
Food and beverage management
Freedman reveals how the history of our restaurants reflects nothing less than the history of America itself. Whether charting the rise of our love affair with Chinese food through San Francisco's fabled The Mandarin or evoking the richness of Italian food through Mamma Leone's, he uses each restaurant to tell a wider story of race and class, immigration and assimilation.
The main objective of this thesis was to analyse and assess the present strategies of Baltic markets leading restaurant chain "Čili pica". The intention was to evaluate the Finnish restaurant industry and its current trends. Another intention was to identify "Čili pica" perspectives and success factors for the Finnish restaurant market. The outcome of this report could afterward be offered to the potential investors in Finland and to the company itself if they would decide to expand its operations to Finland directly. Moreover the report could be useful for existing players on the market and for those who plan to start their restaurant business in Finland. The theoretical framework was based on marketing audit and strategy analysis related literature. Theoretical and empirical parts were combined for the easy following of the connection between theory and its application on practice. The study was conducted in the form of the case study with aim to prove the close connection between company  ́s current strategies and its success in the market. Although all the sources used were of secondary data i.e. theoretical models, readymade reports or researches made by trustworthy governmental and financial institutions, or by company  ́s competitors, the study can be considered as valid and reliable. Also it produced additional value as it was customised for "Čili pica". The findings indicated that restaurant  ́s success or failure depends on both internal controllable and external uncontrollable factors along the company  ́s strategies. It is important to categorise and follow those in order to determine which factors are involved into affecting certain operation fields. The key success factors for "Čili pica" include perfect management structure and professional personnel that both are capable in creating and following certain strategies. Furthermore it is important to have a strong financial base in order to invest into latest technologies that secure product or service quality and safety valuable to customers. In conclusion strategies of "Čili pica" restaurant chain are thoroughly formulated and there might be a chance for the company to find its place in the competitive Finnish market, although the company has to consider several minor aspects. In addition further detailed researches were recommended, such as analysis of Finnish market entering procedures, selection of reliable retailers and their offerings, personnel hiring requirements and choice of promotional tools.
"Today's hospitality professional must be an expert at managing many functions. In every segment of the hospitality industry, recruiting, selecting, orienting, training, and retaining outstanding staff members are always challenging tasks, but every manager must master them. Hospitality managers now need to be familiar with rising labor costs, increasing competition for quality staff, changing employees' attitudes, evolving guest expectations and a proliferation of new laws that impact human resources policies and activities. "--
Financial management for the hospitality industry
How to build a strong brand for a Vietnamese restaurant in Finland
