http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18817 literature therapy
literature therapy
The dark room
Poetry and story therapy : the healing power of creative expression
Exercise therapy for people with rheumatoid arthritis and osteoarthritis
Evidence-based practice for occupational therapists
Myths, dreams, and religion
Writing : self and reflexivity
Rachel's holiday
Therapy : a novel
Serving special needs students in the school library media center
The Midrash : an introduction
Poetry, the healer
Rachel's Holiday
Pediatric dramatherapy : they couldn't run, so they learned to fly
Interpreting studies and beyond : a tribute to Miriam Shlesinger
Understanding children's literature
Beckett and Bion : the (im)patient voice in psychotherapy and literature
Storymaking : in education and therapy
Biblio/poetry therapy - the interactive process : a handbook
"Poetry therapy has been widely recognized as a valuable form of treatment for over thirty years, and has been proven effective worldwide with many diverse clients. Written by a pioneer and a consistent leader in the field, 'Poetry Therapy: Theory and Practice' presents a unified model for the effective practice of poetry therapy. Based on his wealth of clinical and theoretical knowledge, Dr Nicholas Mazza outlines a tripartite system composed of receptive, expressive, and symbolic modes of practice. Now available in a paperback edition, this text serves as a primary resource for any serious practitioner interested in poetry therapy, bibliotherapy, writing and healing, or the broader area of creative/expressive arts therapies." -- (Back Cover)
Writing well : creative writing and mental health
The psychology of creative writing
Medicine, health and the arts : approaches to the medical humanities
Journal of poetry therapy : the interdisciplinary journal of practice, theory, research, and education
The therapeutic value of creative writing
The little Paris bookshop
Innovative interventions in child and adolescent mental health
Touching stories in biblio-poetry therapy and personal development
The Dark room
The healing arts : an Oxford illustrated anthology
Borrowed narratives : using biographical and historical grief narratives with the bereaving
"Writing is a means of making sense of experience, and of arriving at a deeper understanding of the self. The use of creative writing therapeutically can complement verbal discussions, and offers a cost- and time-effective way of extending support to depressed or psychologically distressed patients. Suitable both for health-care professionals who wish to implement therapeutic writing with their patients, and for those wishing to start writing creatively in order to help themselves, The Therapeutic Potential of Creative Writing provides practical, well tried and tested suggestions for beginning to write and for developing writing further. It includes ideas for writing individually and for directing groups, and explores journal writing, poetry, fiction, autobiography and writing out trauma, with established writers and those who have taken up writing for private enjoyment." -- (Jessica Kingsley Publishers)
Writing routes : a resource handbook of therapeutic writing
This work aims to bring together theory and practice from psychoanalysis, literary and cultural studies and the growing field of creative writing studies. The book also seeks to highlight the importance of autobriography as an opening into fiction writing but as a powerful therapeutic tool. The author discusses how autobiographical fiction can be used in therapeutic work by art therapists, psychotherapists and creative writing tutors, as well as in personal development by writers of any kind. She draws up guidelines for a successful course on autobiography and creative writing and presents case studies and practical ideas for writing about the self. In addition, the book explores how writing autobiographical fiction can help people to explore significant events and relationships in their lives.
Bibliotherapy : the interactive process : a handbook
Not bad for a bad lad
This book focuses on Samuel Beckett's psychoanalytic psychotherapy with W. R. Bion as a central aspect both of Beckett's and Bion's radical transformations of literature and psychoanalysis. The recent publication of Beckett's correspondence during the period of his psychotherapy with Bion provides a starting place for an imaginative reconstruction of this psychotherapy, culminating with Bion's famous invitation to his patient to dinner and a lecture by C.G. Jung. Following from the course of this psychotherapy, Miller and Souter trace the development of Beckett's radical use of clinical psychoanalytic method in his writing, suggesting the development within his characters of a literary-analytic working through of transference to an idealized auditor known by various names, apparently based on Bion. Miller and Souter link this pursuit to Beckett's breakthrough from prose to drama, as the psychology of projective identification is transformed to physical enactment. They also locate Bion's memory and re-working of his clinical contact with Beckett, who figures as the 'patient zero' of Bion's pioneering postmodern psychoanalytic clinical theories.
Creative writing in health and social care
Poetry therapy : interface of the arts and psychology
The writing cure : how expressive writing promotes health and emotional well-being
Reducing mathematics anxiety of elementary teacher students by handling their memories from school time
Ah, what is it? - That I heard : Katherine Mansfield'’s Wings of wonder
The Brueghel moon : a novel
Not bad for a Bad lad
Using bibliotherapy : a guide to theory and practice
Reading and expressive writing with traumatised children, young refugees and asylum seekers : Unpack my heart with words
The novel of the famous Georgian writer, poet and playwright Tamaz Chiladze focuses on moral problems/issues, arisen as a result of too great a self-assuredness of psychologists. Its main character is an up-to-now successful psychotherapist, whose wife has left him. One day she suddenly realised that her marriage is nothing more than "fact/reality born out of habit" and her family is a branch of a hospital. For her husband she wasn't a beloved wife but just a patient. The heroine finds an exit from the vicious circle of misunderstanding and insensitivity.
More than just a meal : the art of eating disorders
Artistic ways of knowing : expanded opportunities for teaching and learning
Psyche and the arts : Jungian approaches to music, architecture, literature, film and painting
The story cure : an A-Z of books to keep kids happy, healthy and wise
Practical research : a guide for therapists
Poetry therapy : the use of poetry in the treatment of emotional disorders
The lemon eaters
Black rainbow : how words healed me : my journey through depression
The therapeutic potential of creative writing : writing myself
Writing works : a resource handbook for therapeutic writing workshops and activities
The literary use of the psychoanalytic process
Bibliotherapy : a clinical approach for helping children
Poetry therapy : theory and practice
The listening reader : fiction and poetry for counsellors and psychotherapists
The use of creative writing as a route to personal or professional development is a powerful therapeutic tool, yet often the most difficult part is knowing how and where to begin. The experiences of others, and the strategies and approaches they have used in their own writing, can provide tried-and-tested models for practice, and 'ways in' that facilitators might wish to recommend to others. Writing Routes is an essential roadmap for anybody setting out on the journey of self-discovery through words. This diverse collection of short pieces introduce and demonstrate many different ways of getting into and thinking about creative writing for personal or professional development. Seventy contributors from a variety of different backgrounds and circumstances explain how they came to write a particular piece and why, how they found ways of transforming their experience into writing, and how it was beneficial to them. Their writing ranges widely, from journal entries and stream of consciousness to autobiography, poetry, fiction and drama, and the pieces are organised by theme and genre for ease of navigation, designed to be 'dipped into' as and when they are needed.
Reading therapy
Bibliotherapy for bereaved children : healing reading
Integrating the expressive arts into counseling practice : theory-based interventions
The spirit of the narrative is mankind’s reflexive consciousness, or poetic genius ? our unique access to ourselves, our desperate endeavour “to be REAL”. It brings to light the dark unknown which is the zest of our lives; it gives shape to the tremor of our inner souls ? otherwise nearly imperceptible. “Ah, what is it? ? that I heard”, Katherine Mansfield wondered throughout her whole life and writings ? poems and stories, letters and notebooks. Through the metamorphic movement of her highly sensitive, perceptive mind, she highlights the deep ambivalence of light and dark, mirth and awe, fear and longing which is the keen feature of our naked existence. She sketches her epic motifs with a dedicated sense of wonder. 0A true poet, she returns, as Baudelaire, Keats, Hopkins, Proust, or Shakespeare, to the origins of language ? This poignant contrast of light and dark following the alternate rhythm of night and day, of yielding to darkness and converting it into speech: “Let there be light.” Poetic language is performative. It means an everlasting questioning over the abyss ? with wings of wonder upon the face of the deep.0This volume will also be of interest to scholars and dedicated readers who wish to share in the current reassessment of Katherine Mansfield’s poetic achievement. Her awareness of the literary tradition and modernity, the utmost finesse of her artistic thought, the boldness of her temper make her a major twentieth-century poet.
Using literature to help troubled teenagers cope with health issues
The self on the page : theory and practice of creative writing in personal development
Writing cures : an introductory handbook of writing in counselling and psychotherapy
Therapeutic dimensions of autobiography in creative writing
Between couch and piano : psychoanalysis, music, art and neuroscience
Storymaking and creative groupwork with older people
The Dark Room
Expressive writing : foundations of practice
The therapeutic uses of writing
Handbook of self-help therapies
Narrative counseling in schools : powerful & brief
Beginning a pre-service teacher's mathematical identity work through narrative rehabilitation and bibliotherapy
"The Good Story" is an exchange between a writer with a long-standing interest in moral psychology and a psychotherapist with a training in literary studies. Arabella Kurtz and J.M. Coetzee consider psychotherapy and its wider social context from different perspectives, but at the heart of both their approaches is a concern with stories. Working alone, the writer is in sole charge of the story he or she tells. The therapist, on the other hand, collaborates with the patient in telling the story of their life. What kind of truth do the stories created by patient and therapist aim to uncover: objective truth or the shifting and subjective truth of memories explored and re-experienced in the safety of the therapeutic relationship? The authors discuss both individual psychology and the psychology of the group: the school classroom, the gang, the settler nation where the brutal deeds of the ancestors have to be accommodated into a national story. Drawing on great writers like Cervantes and Dostoevsky and on psychoanalysts like Freud and Melanie Klein, they offer illuminating insights into the stories we tell of our lives.
Poems in persons : a psychology of the literary process
The good story : exchanges on truth, fiction and psychotherapy
The novel cure : an A-Z of literary remedies
The traditional illnesses and high risk behaviors of today's adolescents have become interwoven due to the multitude of physical, social, and emotional changes young people experience. Through appropriate literature, adolescents can find the power to heal and renew their lives. This reference resource provides a link for teachers, media specialists, parents, and other adults to those novels that can help adolescents struggling with health issues. Educators and therapists explore novels where common health issues are addressed in ways to captivate teens. Using fictional characters, these experts provide guidance on encouraging adolescents to cope while improving their reading and writing skills.
