http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18863 nostalgia
nostalgia
Reconstructing Dixie : race, gender, and nostalgia in the imagined South
Everyday life and cultural patterns : international Festschrift for Elle Vunder
Homesickness : an American history
Dramaturgical approach in cinema: elements of poetic dramaturgy in A. Tarkovsky's films
Book of longing
Port of emotions : nostalgia in harbor-side reminiscences
Sweet and bitter memories : reminiscence talk - statements, descriptions, narratives
About islands and oranges : nostalgia at play in the work of Juhani Seppovaara
Trapped in folklore? : studies in music and dance tradition and their contemporary transformations
Remembering the golden past : nostalgia as a narrative practice of Karelian evacuees in Finland
Most Americans think of Betsy Ross as she was depicted in Charles Weisberger's popular painting The Birth of Our Nation's Flag--a motherly figure, sewing at the hearth. In fact, as Jo Ann Menezes's analysis in Nostalgia, Gender, and Nationalism points out, Ross was a widowed businesswoman who ran an upholstery shop out of her house. In Weisberger's painting, all signs of economic industry are erased and Ross's house is transformed into a home rather that the site of cottage industry. Ross is constructed as the perfect heroic mother, worthy of sacred creation; thus, our flag was born. Ross's transformation into an icon neatly illustrates the conjunction of soaring nationalism and the establishment of woman as a fixed domestic presence and serves as an excellent example of the master narratives revealed in Nostalgia, Gender, and Nationalism. The essays in this provocative anthology explore the connections between nation and gender and the ways in which nostalgia functions to bind these two presumably unrelated constructions together. Collectively they suggest that women pay a special fee on behalf of the nation, even though it is traditionally represented as an honorarium given to them and that, in fact, the nation-state takes as a foundational principle the subordination of women.
Finnish summary.
Music-Related Nostalgic Experiences of Young Migrants
Aesthetics of Nostalgia reads Anglo-Saxon historical verse in terms of how its aesthetic form interacted with the culture and politics of the period.
Recycled culture in contemporary art and film : the uses of nostalgia
Music-related nostalgic experiences of young people living in migration
The majestic
What became of you, my love?
Retromania : pop culture's addiction to its own past
21st century dodos : a collection of endangered objects (and other stuff)
An ethnography of nostalgia : Nordic Museum curators interviewing Finnish immigrants in Sweden
Narratives of nostalgia, gender and nationalism
Time passing : modernity and nostalgia
Edward Elgar and the nostalgic imagination
The zephyrs of Najd : the poetics of nostalgia in the classical Arabic nasīb
Negotiating the past at the kitchen table : nostalgia as a narrative strategy in an intergenerational context
Mary : a novel
Nostalgia and recollection in Victorian culture
Modern nostalgia : mixing personal treasures and modern style
Bittersweet : everyday life and nostalgia for the 1950s
Singular continuities : tradition, nostalgia, and identity in modern British culture
Queer nostalgia in cinema and pop culture
Questions like 'Trapped in folklore?' open up many possibilities for reflection and prompt different answers. This thematic publication with a rather provocative title discusses questions as to whether the selected musical phenomena are a fossilised form of tradition, folklore and folklorism and, as such, are trapped in a museum-like image isolated from contemporary cultural life, or whether we are looking at active events, changes, and adjustments within contemporary society.
Home in Hollywood : the imaginary geography of cinema
Nobody's home : essays
Images of loss and yearning played a crucial role in literary texts written in the later part of the twentieth century. Despite deep cultural differences, novelists from Africa, the Caribbean, Great Britain, and the United States share a sense that the economic, social, and political forces associated with late modernity have evoked widespread nostalgia within the communities in which they write. In this original and wide-ranging study, John J. Su explores the relationship between nostalgia and ethics in novels across the English-speaking world. He challenges the tendency in literary studies to characterise memory as positive and nostalgia as necessarily negative. Instead, this book argues that nostalgic fantasies are crucial to the ethical visions presented by topical novels. From Jean Rhys to Wole Soyinka and from V. S. Naipaul to Toni Morrison, Su identifies nostalgia as a central concern in the twentieth-century novel.
The mnemonic imagination : remembering as creative practice
Consumed nostalgia : memory in the age of fast capitalism
Reclaiming nostalgia : longing for nature in American literature
Ethics and nostalgia in the contemporary novel
Upstairs at the party
Critical nostalgia and Caribbean migration
Art now Cornwall : [Tate St Ives, 3 February - 13 May 2007] / [texts by Susan Daniel-McElroy and Sara Hughes]
The future of nostalgia
America II
Nostalgia : a psychological resource
Modern nostalgia : Siegfried Sassoon, trauma and the Second World War
”It is storytelling like in the old days when I narrate" : ”nostalgia and authenticity in contemporary oral storytelling in Denmark"
Migrants and the homeland : images, symbols, and realities
"The remains of an orchard" : (post)pastoral elements in Cormac McCarthy's The road
Crawfish bottom : recovering a lost Kentucky community
Yesterday's self : nostalgia and the immigrant  identity
Nostalgia and Auto/Biography : Considering the Past in the Present
Back to the fifties : nostalgia, Hollywood film, and popular music of the seventies and eighties
Amnesiac selves : nostalgia, forgetting, and British fiction, 1810-1870
Ambivalent Europeans : ritual, memory, and the public sphere in Malta
The big chill
Tango nostalgia : the language of love and longing : Finnish culture in tango lyrics discourses : a contrastive semiotic and cultural approach to the tango
This article looks at the ways Lithuanian emigrants in the U.S. experience attachment to their homeland. The text intends to conceptualize the importance of ethnicity, creation of emotional bond with the home country, fellow citizens, and the government. Empirical data were collected by the author of the article during the ethnographic fieldtrip in the USA. A pilot fieldwork was conducted in March, 2007, on the West Coast, California: San Diego, Santa Monica, Los Angeles, Mission Viejo, and Orange County. The main field study was done in April-June, 2008, on the East Coast: New York (NY), Pittsfield (MA), Jersey City (NJ), Philadelphia (PA), Brattleboro (VT); and in the Central part: Chicago (IL). The last stage of the fieldwork was completed in October-November, 2013, again, on the East Coast - in New York (NY). During the fieldwork, “emic” data and visual recordings were collected through participant observation and qualitative semi-structured interviews. As the article points out, while living in the U.S., “Lithuanian” symbols help emigrants to maintain the transnational link with their country of origin allowing to create their private spaces of “home” where they feel safe and, sometimes, as if they have never left Lithuania. Despite the fact that Lithuanian Americans express predominantly negative attitudes toward their home country and people who remained there, it could not be argued that they have emotionally distanced themselves from their motherland in order to re-create their own identity by denying ethnic roots. Even negative narratives about Lithuania reveal the presence of nostalgia, the immigrants' need to talk about Lithuania and the mass of questions that remain unanswered or unresolved..
Rock of ages : extended edition
Remembering and rethinking the GDR : multiple perspectives and plural authenticities
Ethics and Nostalgia in the Contemporary Novel
Politics of nostalgia in the Arabic novel : nation-state, modernity and tradition
The reuse of images, plots and genres from film history has become prominent in contemporary culture. In this study, Vera Dika explores this phenomenon from a broad range of critical perspectives, examining works of art and film that resist the pull of the past. Dika provides an in-depth analysis of works in several media, including performance, photography, Punk film, and examples from mainstream American and European cinema. Proclaiming the renewed importance of the image and of genre, she investigates works as diverse as Cindy Sherman's Untitled Film Stills, Amos Poe's The Foreigner, Terence Malick's Badlands, and Francis Ford Coppola's One from the Heart. Her study positions avant-garde art work within the context of contemporary mainstream film practice, as well as in relationship to their historical moment.
Esineen tarina = Every object tells a story
A shadow at the edge of every moment of the day = Varjo päivän jokaisen hetken reunalla = Skuggan vid randen av varje ögonblick
Media and nostalgia : yearning for the past, present and future
Yearning for yesterday : a sociology of nostalgia
Friday on our minds : Australian popular culture in Australia since 1945
Dreaming of Dixie : how the South was created in American popular culture
Imagined states : nationalism, utopia, and longing in oral cultures
Granny's cottage by the sea : the role of nostalgic images in conferring meaning to a living environment
New retro : classic graphics, today's designs
Rakastaa, ei rakasta... : kokoelmien valitut : Nykytaiteen museo Kiasma 3.4.2004 - 27.2.2005 = Love me or leave me : favourites from the collections : Museum of Contemporary Art Kiasma 3.4.2004 - 27.2.2005 / [toimittajat = editors: Eija Aarnio, Marja Sakari]
Nostalgia after Nazism : history, home, and affect in German and Austrian literature and film
Advertising and public memory : social, cultural and historical perspectives on ghost signs
Heidegger and the thinking of place : explorations in the topology of being
The sexual politics of time : confession, nostalgia, memory
Forms of attachment to a home country: Lithuanians in the USA
Tears of longing : nostalgia and the nation in Japanese popular song
Screening the past : memory and nostalgia in cinema
The way we never were : American families and the nostalgia trap
Social meaning of nostalgia
Watching Nostalgia : An Analysis of Nostalgic Television Fiction and its Reception
The aesthetics of nostalgia : historical representation in Old English verse
Transformations of the new Germany
Recycled Culture in Contemporary Art and Film : The Uses of Nostalgia
Nostalgia and sexual difference : the resistance to contemporary feminism
Double-o heaven : Stoke Park Club
Moomintroll and Finland in Japan's social imaginary
On living in an old country : the national past in contemporary Britain
Performing nostalgia : migration culture and creativity in South Albania
Looking back at al-Andalus : the poetics of loss and nostalgia in medieval Arabic and Hebrew literature
Britain's best drives  : journeys back to the golden agen of motoring
Playing the past : history and nostalgia in video games
Byron and place : history, translation, nostalgia
Time, space, and the market : retroscapes rising
Hankie couture : handicrafted fashions from vintage handkerchiefs
Theoretical Proposals on How Vertical Harmony May Convey Nostalgia and Longing in Music
New retro : classic graphic's, today's designs
"It wasn't common for women to wear trousers" : memories of women's dress in the 1950s
The sense of an elephant
The Future of nostalgia
Retro : the culture of revival
Postcolonial nostalgias : writing, representation and memory
Past caring? : the concept of nostalgia in Blur's lyrics
Burmese days ; Keep the aspidistra flying ; Coming up for air
Nostalgia in Jewish-American theatre and film, 1979-2004
Everyday life, objects, and nostalgia
Maternal pasts, feminist futures : nostalgia, ethics, and the question of difference
Anthropology and nostalgia
