http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18867 neurophilosophy
neurophilosophy
In this enlightening book, Sam Harris argues that free will is an illusion but that this truth should not undermine morality or diminish the importance of social and political freedom; indeed, this truth can and should change the way we think about some of the most important questions in life.
The Oxford handbook of neuroethics
From neurons to self-consciousness : how the brain generates the mind
The brain and the meaning of life
Radical embodied cognitive science
Touching a nerve : the self as brain
Evolutionary aesthetics
Embodiment, emotion, and cognition
The transparent becoming of world : a crossing between process philosophy and quantum neurophilosophy
The crucible of consciousness : an integrated theory of mind and brain
Noë suggests that rather than being something that happens inside us, consciousness is something we do. Debunking an outmoded philosophy that holds the scientific study of consciousness captive, Out of Our Heads is a fresh attempt at understanding our minds and how we interact with the world around us.
"Emotional amoral egoism" : a neurophilosophical theory of human nature and its universal security implications
Free will
The really hard problem : meaning in a material world
The Case Against Noam Chomsky - Mental Processing The Case Against Noam Chomsky and Mental Processing, volumes one and two of A Biological Philosophy, are about philosophy, cognitive psychology, and linguistics. The first volume presents the theory of speech as interpretation of feelings and language as a social practice. In linguistics this distinction has not been made leading to great confusion in the science. The second volume describes how feelings are created in mental processes (complex, high-speed neural processes) as a function of an individual (unconsciously and consciously) interpreting himself in relation to the environment. - The first volume is presented as a case against Chomsky in view of Chomsky's theories offering a complete contrast to the ideas of a biological philosophy in all its aspects.
A biological philosophy. Vol. 1, The case against Noam Chomsky. Vol. 2, Mental processing
Neuroscientific evidence has educated us in the ways in which the brain mediates our thought and behavior and, therefore, forced us to critically examine how we conceive of free will. This volume, featuring contributions from an international and interdisciplinary group of distinguished researchers and scholars, explores how our increasing knowledge of the brain can elucidate the concept of the will and whether or to what extent it is free. It also examines how brain science can inform our normative judgments of moral and criminal responsibility for our actions. Some chapters point out the different respects in which mental disorders can compromise the will and others show how different forms of neuromodulation can reveal the neural underpinning of the mental capacities associated with the will and can restore or enhance them when they are impaired
Theology, anthropology and neuroscience
Content and consciousness
Why do we have emotions? What are the bases of social behaviour? What is the relationship between the mind and the brain? How, and why, do we appreciate art? How do we make decisions? Are there biological foundations to ethical behaviour? Why do people follow religions, or believe in life after death? These important questions are just some of those considered in this exploration of the field of neuroscience, and how it can crucially inform our knowledge across a range of seemingly unrelated disciplines. 'Neuroculture' considers the implications of our modern understanding of how the brain works, how it was shaped by evolution, and how it can help us understand many mental issues central to everyday life. The book starts with a look at emotions and how they are important in our behaviour. It then considers social behaviour, looking at the adaptive differences between men and women. The next chapter considers emotion and rationality, and the mechanisms of decision making, and then the author looks at philosophical issues, considering the relationship between the mind and brain, and considering whether the hardware/software distinction in a computer might tell us something about mind-brain interactions. The following chapter considers neuroaesthetics - the biological foundations of our appreciation of art - including visual art, literature, and music. Is art a useless ornament? After this, the author looks at the field of neuroeconomics - how neuroscience is informing us about how we make economic choices. The chapters that follow consider neuroethics - the biological foundations of ethical behaviour, neuropsychiatry - the connection between neural functioning and psychiatric disorders, neuroreligion - the possible biological foundations of religious belief, and neuropolitics - how our knowlege of the emotion and rational reasoning systems might help us develop strategies to solve political problems.
Simulating minds : the philosophy, psychology, and neuroscience of mindreading
Neurophilosophy of free will : from libertarian illusions to a concept of natural autonomy
Being no one : the self-model theory of subjectivity
Out of our heads : why you are not your brain, and other lessons from the biology of consciousness
Cognition and the brain : the philosophy and neuroscience movement
Free will and the brain : neuroscientific, philosophical, and legal perspectives
The spiritual brain : a neuroscientist's case for the existence of soul
The contents of visual experience
Towards a neuroscientific theory of reference
Neuroculture : on the implications of brain science
Consciousness, function, and representation
"Beginning with the view that human consciousness is essentially embodied and that the way we consciously experience the world is structured by our bodily dynamics and surroundings, the book argues that emotions are a fundamental manifestation of our embodiment, and play a crucial role in self-consciousness, moral evaluation, and social cognition"--
The conscious brain : how attention engenders experience
Explaining the brain : mechanisms and the mosaic unity of neuroscience
