http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18810 immunology
immunology
Handbook of experimental immunology in three volumes. Vol. 2, Cellular immunology
Instant notes in medical microbiology
Applications of fluorescence in immunoassays
Immunogenic properties of bacterial carbohydrates : modulation of the immune response to dextran B512
The role of diet during pregnancy and infancy in the development of childhood allergies and asthma
Veterinary clinical immunology
The cytochrome P450 system in fish : immunochemical approaches to studies of cellular localization and induction by xenobiotics
An introduction to immunotoxicology
Cellular and molecular immunology
ELISA and other solid phase immunoassays : theoretical and practical aspects
Investigating microbiology : a laboratory manual for general microbiology
Mercury-induced autoimmunity : mechanisms of susceptibility/resistance
Current therapy in allergy, immunology, and rheumatology
Textbook of immunology : an introduction to immunochemistry and immunobiology
Allogeneic and xenogeneic cell recognition : ontogenetic study in man and sheep
Immunology : understanding the immune system
In vitro studies of factors potentially affecting Plasmodium falciparum infection (Heparin and Anti-P. falciparum immune responses
Review manual to Henry's clinical diagnosis and management by laboratory methods : twenty-first edition
Function of avian [gamma delta] T cells
Immunoglobulin-Fc receptor interactions in cytotoxicity and phagocytosis mediated by lymphocytes and monocytes
Immunological aspects of infectious diseases
Immunological diseases. Vol. 2, The atopic diseases. Allergic reactions of the skin. Diseases with immunological features
Studies on Plasmodium falciparum asexual blood stage antigens : RAP-2/RSP-2 and Pf332 in focus
Microbial ecology in growing animals
Biotechnology : demystifying the concepts
Handbook of experimental immunology in three volumes. Vol. 1, Immunochemistry
Haematology and immunology
Inflammation and invasive margin in colorectal cancer
Systemic inflammation in colorectal cancer:the role of cytokines and endostatin
Fish and shellfish immunology : an introduction
Allergens and allergen immunotherapy
Diet, microbies and gut immune responses in the pathogenesis of experimental type 1 diabetes
Introduction to immunocytochemistry
The Biomedical & Life Sciences Collection
Immunology & serology in laboratory medicine
Topley and Wilson's principles of bacteriology and immunity. Vol. 2
Basic immunology : functions and disorders of the immune system
Antibody applications
An introduction to veterinary immunology
Toll-like receptor activation in experimental allergic asthma : bridge between skin and airways
Parasitology : an integrated approach
Defence mechanisms
Negative regulation of Drosophila immune response
Cytokines in animal health and disease
Immunochemical analysis of prolamins in gluten-free foods
Antigen retrieval techniques : immunohistochemistry and molecular morphology
An introduction to immunocytochemistry : current techniques and problems
Food safety and quality assurance : applications of immunoassay systems
The rules governing medicinal products in the European Union. Volume 7B, Guidelines : veterinary medicinal products : immunologicals, quality
Advances in veterinary immunology 1983
Understanding immunology
Review of medical microbiology and immunology
Basic & applied concepts of immunohematology
Immunology : basic processes
Heat shock proteins as vaccine adjuvants
Introductory practical biochemistry
Medical immunology made memorable
The book discusses new concepts and findings in the field of pulmonary function. This function is notably associated with spirometry and gas exchange at the lungs. The technique of spirometry, its clinical meaning, and reference values have all been refined over decades of its use. Although spirometry remains ancillary in diagnosis-making, it seems hardly replaceable in monitoring of lung disease progression and treatment efficacy. Pulmonary function goes far beyond spirometry. It encompasses interactions with the cardiovascular system, sleep disordered breathing, etiological factors like occupational bio aerosol exposure or cigarette smoke related issues. Pulmonary function may crumple in any respiratory ailment, the case in point being all too often respiratory tract infections. Chapters contribute to the latest thinking on molecular mechanisms underpinning pulmonary function, on patient care and attempt to keep up-to-date with current clinical and research progress. The book will be of interest to both clinicians and biomedical researchers.
A dictionary of immunology
Infection and immunity in farm animals
Outlines of animal immunobiology
Enzyme immunoassay for quantification of tenescin in bioloigic samples
The implicit genome
Biomarker mRNAs for staging and prognosis of colorectal cancer
Atlas of experimental immunobiology and immunopathology
Advances in veterinary immunology 1982
Salmonella infections acquired abroad and detected in Finland, 1995-2009
Advances in food and nutrition research : volume 54
Hardcore microbiology and immunology
Immunofluorescence technology : selected theoretical and clinical aspects
Nutrition and immunology
Veterinary immunology : an introduction
Immunological studies on the haptoglobin subgroups in man
Novel cellular luminescence probes for immunologiccal and toxicological assessments
Immunological properties of quillaja saponins
The complement factsbook
Crossroads between innate and adaptive immunity V
The experimental foundations of modern immunology
The chemistry of life
Immunohistochemistry
Respiratory Health
Clinical immunology of the dog and cat
The natural killer cell : the natural immune system
Allergy and clinical immunology
Recent developments in clinical immunology
Basic immunology : immune mechanisms in health and disease
Immunohematology : principles and practice
Antigen uptake and intracellular processing in B cells
Changes in atherosclerosis risk factors induced by hormone replacement therapy or ethanol consumption
Physiology of the skin
Proceedings of the Fourth International Veterinary Immunology Symposium, Davis, California, July 1995
Epstein-Barr Virus. Volume 2, One herpes virus: many diseases
Topley and Wilson's principles of bacteriology and immunity. Vol. 1
Anti-tumoral immune response and bisphosphonates
Activation, adhesion and motility of B lymphocytes in health and disease
Immunological diseases of the ear
Detection of anti-lactoferrin and anti-BPI autoantibodies in sera of patients with inflammatory bowel disease
Clinical implications and genetic regulation of indoleamine 2,3-dioxygenase serum activity
Clinical laboratory science review
Atlas of immunology
Handbook of Listeria monocytogenes
Basic clinical laboratory techniques
Handbook of transfusion medicine
Immunological characterization and engineering of the major latex allergen, hevein (Hev b 6.02)
Immune cell infiltration and inflammatory biomarkers in colorectal cancer
Purification and immunological quantification of human pancreatic lipase
Basic and clinical immunology
The impact of airway-irritating exposure and wet work on subjects with allergy or other sensitivity : epidemiology and mechanisms
Host genetic factors and antibody responses with potential involvement in the susceptibility to malaria
Medical microbiology & immunology : examination & board review
Immunology : a short course
Veterinary clinical immunology : from classroom to clinics
Rapid Methods and Automation in microbiology and immunology
Endothelial FasL in lymph nodes and in intestinal lymphatic tissue
Immunology 3
Manual of basic techniques for a health laboratory
Immunoregulatory factors in synovial fluid of rheumatoid arthritis patients
Advances in immunology. 107, Mucosal immunity
Structural biology of the complement system
Immune system adaptations during competition period in female cross-country skiers
The blood group antigen factsbook
Practical radioimmunoassay
6th International Symposium on Fish Immunology, May 24-29, 2004, University of Turku, Turku, Finland : abstracts and programme
Advances in veterinary immunology 1981
This classic resource offers the current, comprehensive coverage of immunology you need to stay on the cutting-edge of clinical laboratory science. It provides a solid foundation of knowledge and skills to take you from basic immunologic mechanisms and serologic concepts to the theory behind the procedures you'll perform in the lab, including automated techniques. It also explores the medical applications of clinical laboratory science, with information on disorders of infectious and immunologic origin, as well as topics such as transplantation and tumor immunology. Learning objectives, review questions, step-by-step procedures, and case studies help you master key concepts and prepare you to succeed in today's modern laboratory environment.
Microbiology : laboratory exercises
European Federation of Immunological Societies : 11th meeting Espoo 9-12 June 1991 : abstracts
Insect infection and immunity : evolution, ecology, and mechanisms
Autoimmunity : Genetic, immunologic, virologic, and clinical aspects
Fish immunology & biotechnology
Handbook of immunohistochemistry and in situ hybridization of human carcinomas : vol 1 molecular genetics; lung and breast carcinomas
Functional study of hemolymph coagulation in Drosophila larvae
Glossary of immunological terms
Microbial and maternal influences on allergic sensitization during childhood : defining a role for monocytes
The immunology of parasitic infections : a handbook for physicians, veterinarians, and biologists
Clinical immunology & serology : a laboratory perspective
Summary.
Veterinary immunology
An improved method for quantification of extra domain a-containing cellular fibronectin (EDAcFN) in different body fluids
Advances in immunology
Abstract. - Sammanfattning.
Clinical immunology : principles and laboratory diagnosis
Immune responses to biosurfaces : mechanisms and therapeutic interventions
Mast cells in human epithelial cancers
Age related changes in the immunology of the intestinal mucosa
Epstein-Barr Virus. Volume 1, One herpes virus: many diseases
Clinical laboratory immunology
Suppression of alternative complement pathway activity by radiographic contrast media
Amalgam and health : new perspectives on risks
The current diagnostic methods for the great variety of microbial agents affecting health are clearly unsatisfactory. New important pathogens have emerged including the agent responsible for bovine spongiform encephalopathy. Moreover, there is an increasing need for more accurate microbial control of our environment, and of the food and water we consume. What is needed are rapid, sensitive and reliable procedures which, on the one hand, should be suitable for automation and, onthe other hand, presented in a cost-effective version suitable for field use. Including new biochemical approaches, such as polymerase chain reaction, recombinant gene products and synthetic peptides, these needs are discussed in these protocols of the RAMI-90 congress.
The neutrophil
Immunology and immunopathology of domestic animals
Immunology : a comprehensive review
Psychoneuroimmunology : interactions between brain, nervous system, behavior, endocrine and immune system
The tracheobronchial tree is open to the environment surrounding the body. Respiration has thus the essential bearing on general morbidity, vulnerability to disease and immunity. Further, respiratory function shapes the neuropsychological responses to succumbing to disease, controls the mind-to-body interaction and sets the perception of quality of life. The chapters of this book deal with the preventable drivers of poor respiratory health, the role of health information technology, the improvement in health care delivery and the integration of respiratory health and behavioral health services. Innovative strategies to promote prevention, care coordination and care integration as well as to align disease acceptance and quality of life measures also are tackled. Maintaining respiratory health is of rising research interest as a way of preventing a disease or a non pharmacological therapeutic succor. The book will be of interest to clinicians, family practitioners and medical researchers.
Vaccine adjuvants : preparation methods and research protocols : edited by Derek T. O'Hagan
The desk encyclopedia of microbiology
Phagocytosis : past and future
Bioactive leishmanicidal alkaloid molecules from Galipea longiflora Krause with immunomodulatory activity
Environmental health perspectives : supplements. Special reports ; developing immune system : air pollution, endocrine disruptors, male reproductive health
Diet, microbes and gut immune responses in the pathogenesis of experimental type 1 diabetes
Subcellular factors in immunity
Pulmonary function
Environmental microbes and immunological development in children : the role of animal, bacterical and fungal exposures
Vaccine race : how scientists used human cells to combat killer viruses
Mucosal immunity against mycobacterial infection
The science of laboratory diagnosis
Nature immunology
