http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18806 hotel sector
hotel sector
Advertising strategies in China`s hotel industry
Strategic marketing plan for a hotel
Procurement of hospitality resources
Interviewing successful hotel managers
The TTG world hotels handbook
Information and communication technologies in tourism 2016 : Proceedings of the International Conference in Bilbao, Spain, February 2-5, 2016
Employee turnover from hotel management perspective in Helsinki
Hotel System with Java & MySQL
The hospitality yearbook 1998
Dictionnaire technique de l'hôtellerie = Hotel-Fachwörterbuch = Dictionary of hotel technical terms
Marketing in the hospitality industry
Competence-based innovation in hospitality and tourism
Service performance
Laventhol & Horwath perspective
Basic Hotel and Restaurant Accounting
75 years of service and achievement : Hospitality Sales & Marketing Association International
Professional management of housekeeping operations
Environmental sustainability in North European hotel business
Customer satisfaction research : case: Kauppahotelli Grand
Investigations for a small business development in the field of hotel industry in Finland
HOSPITALITY MANAGEMENT : Impact of internship on hotel operation
Advances in hospitality and leisure
Self-service technology in hotel reseption : finnish customer perceptions
To what extent does a mid-market hotel deliver its brand promise to its customers?
Hotel housekeeping : operations and management
Crisis Management in Hotel Business in Finland : Viewpoint of the Receptionists
English for floor attendants. 1 : textbook
Customer retention strategies : case study of the Scandic Hotel Continental in Helsinki
The introduction and use of revenue management : in hotels in Vaasa Umeå - a case study
The Importance of Staff Training in the Hotel Industy : Case study: Renaissance Shanghai Yuyuan Hotel
Strategic Marketing Analysis and Planning for Gloria Palace San Agustin Thalasso and Hotel in Spain
Online review management in hotel industry
Hotel security management
Hotel life : the story of a place where anything can happen
Foundations of lodging management
This Bachelor's thesis concentrates on women's career development in the Finnish hotel industry and specifies the meaning of networks on women's work and career. The main objective of this qualitative research was to find out women's experiences about networks in their working lives and history as managers.     For this purpose, five female general managers from three different hotel chains were being interviewed about their career development and the role of networks in their career path. Interviews were conducted between November 2012 and January 2013.     The theoretical framework presents both ground theories as well as the latest researches about women's career development. Both career barriers and supporting factors of women's career advancement are being summarized. Overview of different aspects of networks is also included as well as examples of career development theories.    According to the research results networks are important supporting factors of women's career development but do not determine the success of the career alone. Women's networks turned out to be slightly more important in their daily work tasks than achieving management positions. In addition, networks seemed to become more important the higher the position was in the corporate hierarchy.     Although theories suggested that men's networks would make women's career development more challenging, according to the research results that was not detected in remarkable extent. In overall, the Finnish hotel industry seems to be favorable place to work for women.
An exploration of the impact of information technology on China’s hotel industry : A case study of Hanting Inn
High season : English for the hotel and tourism industry : teacher's book
Introduction to Hospitality Management
Business Tourists' Opinions of Radisson Blu Royal Hotel Vaasa as a Business Hotel
Relationship between perceived organizational support and willingness to pursue a career in the hospitality industry
Business territory. 2, Hotel and catering
Competitive strategies for the international hotel industry
Hotel convention sales, services, and operations
Financial management for hospitality decision makers
The hospitality yearbook 1999
The hospitality yearbook 1997
Paradise laborers : hotel work in the global economy
The aim of this study is to search further franchising relationship between the franchisor and  the franchisee and see what changes have occurred in franchisee's operations since hotel joined a chain. Research topics include subjects discussed on existing literature e.g. quality in hospitality  and satisfaction of the franchisee with the chosen franchisor, how does a franchisee experience  the franchise relationship, what are the pros and cons and are they coherent with the theory and finally how do franchisees see the future of franchising and marketing cooperation in Finnish  hotel industry.   This study uses case studies to clarify how franchisees representing different chains experience  the franchising relationship and benefits of cooperation in Finland. Data is gathered through thematic interviews and analysis is based on same themes.   Results showed that in these three cases the franchisees were very content with their marketing cooperation. Further there were no significant differences between representatives of marketing cooperation- or franchised chains.
Scandinavian journal of hospitality and tourism
Introduction to hospitality
SOFTWARE IN TOURISM INDUSTRY : A Study On Emerging New Niches Of Software In Hotel Industry
Hotel pricing in a social world : driving value in the digital economy
Diffusion of information technology in hotels in the greater Helsinki area
Career opportunities in travel and hospitality
Accreditation model for study programmes in hotel and restaurant services
Customer satisfaction among business customers in Hotel Astor Wasa
The Cornell school of hotel administration on hospitality : cutting edge thinking and practice
Managing front office operations
Marketing hospitality
Introducing hotel front desk duties to new employees at Holiday Inn Helsinki Exhibition & Congress Centre
Accounting essentials for hospitality managers
Empowerment in the hospitality industry : the use of self-directed work teams
The importance of reward systems in the hotel industry for both side's employees and employers in Germany
Economics for hotel and catering students
Hospitality industry financial accounting
Introducing hospitality
Cultural diversity in hospitality management  : how to improve cultural diversity workforce
Hotel System with Java and MySQL
Women's career development and the role of networks in the Finnish hotel industry
Logistics Practices in the Service sector : The case study of New Fairmount Hotel, Zambia
Hospitality management : impact of internship on hotel operation
Cornell hotel and restaurant administration quarterly
International hotel review = Revue de l'hôtellerie internationale
Purchasing for food service operations
Supervision in the hospitality industry
Analyzing the impact on consumer satisfaction, behavior and at-titudes by using eco-friendly practices and products in Surfers Paradise/Gold Coast city hotels, Australia.
Managerial competence within the hospitality and tourism service industries : global cultural contextual analysis
English for floor attendants. 2 : textbook
International hospitality management : concepts and cases
Kane and Abel
Opportunities in hotel and motel careers
International hotel expansion through strategic alliances
Accounting for hospitality managers
Introduction to commercial recreation and tourism : an entrepreneurial approach
Europe & Asia luxury hotel interior
Hotel franchisees in Finland : case: Helsinki Metropolitan Area
Green Marketing Plan Developments and an Investigation into its Application : A Case Study of the Left & Right Hotel, Shenyang, China
Hospitality directions - Europe edition : forecasts & analyses for the hospitality industry
Cram101 textbook outlines to accompany Hotel operations management, Hayes and Ninemeier, 1st edition
A comparison of Sun Tzu military philosophy with modern strategic management in hospitality
Basic hotel and restaurant accounting
The Effects of Social Media in the Hotel Sector: A report for WinHotels
Professional hospitality : an introduction
Hospitality today : an introduction
The Routledge handbook of hotel chain management
The hospitality yearbook 1995
Profit planning : for hospitality and tourism
Hospitality branding
Developing marketing plan : case Habanero Hostel
Four Seasons : the story of a business philosophy
Hotel & hospitality English
An analysis of the hotel industry in Croatia : applying Porter's Diamond Model
Highly recommended : English for the hotel and catering industry. 1, Pre-intermediate
Careers in the hotel and tourism sector
Hospitality management education
THE EFFECTS OF AN INCENTIVE MECHANISM ON BRAIN DRAIN IN THE HOTEL INDUSTRY
Highly recommended : English for the hotel and catering industry : workbook. 1, Pre-intermediate
Hospitality marketing management
Training for the hospitality industry : techniques to improve job performance
Information and communication technologies in tourism 2014 : proceedings of the International Conference in Dublin, Ireland, January 21-24, 2014
Handbook of travel, tourism and hospitality management
A common problem in the hospitality industry, perishable products and services, has led hoteliers to seek for new strategies in their pricing. Revenue management is a relatively new science that mixes together different revenue optimizing strategies. Dynamic pricing, a part of revenue management, is a familiar concept in the hotel industry and was presented to buyers about a decade ago. Dynamic pricing is already in use with the published daily rates of hotels, and increasingly with corporate clients. In dynamic pricing, the daily rate follows the demand and it is controlled by a revenue manager or sophisticated automated systems. There are buyers who perceive dynamic pricing as a positive value and others who perceive it as a negative value to their business. The question is how hotels can successfully implement a communication strategy that increases their customers' acceptance towards dynamic pricing.     The purpose of this thesis is to determine the reasons behind the negative perceptions of the corporate customers who rather use static accommodation agreements than agreements based on dynamic pricing. The thesis focuses on buyers who use accommodation services in Norway. This study tries to understand what corporate customers think about the dynamic pricing and how much they know about the topic.     Literature about revenue management and dynamic pricing is scarce. For this reason, the qualitative research method was chosen to support and strengthen the secondary data. The primary data was gathered by interviewing companies in English or Norwegian. The interviews were high-structured, because the author wanted to penetrate the research problem and to find certain patterns in the research sample. The companies were interviewed face-to-face, on telephone or by email.     The results revealed that the buyers are not familiar with dynamic pricing and do not see how they could benefit from it. In general, the customers wanted to continue to use the static corporate agreements and not dynamic pricing. The information they have received from the hotels was mostly in the form of price examples that did not suit their travel profile. Further information and open communication were wished from the suppliers' side. Dynamic pricing was also seen as harmful for the customer relations, even though modern revenue management should be customer-oriented. The companies acknowledged that dynamic pricing is here to stay and they were willing to test it in the form of hybrid agreements if their key destina-tions were not involved.
A hotel manager's handbook : 189 techniques for achieving exceptional guest satisfaction
Accounting and financial management : developments in the international hospitality industry
Hospitality industry managerial accounting
The growth strategies of hotel chains : best business practices by leading companies
Purchasing : selection and procurement for the hospitality industry
Hospitality marketing : principles and practice
Feasibility of Mega Spa Hotel and its cash flow in the Routakallio area, Seinäjoki
Usability of the testing criteria for English proficiency in competence tests : assessor perceptions
Managing hospitality human resources
Promise management throughout the extended consumption process : a hotel industry case study at Holiday Inn Helsinki West - Ruoholahti
This thesis is a system work for a hotel, which required a reservation system for their customers. The thesis project was split into parts and the scope was determined to specify which services were needed. The first part deals with the definition and requirements of the system, which contains information about the services and data of the system. Diagrams are included to make the documentation clearer. Services belong to two main groups, reservation services and administration services. The second part focuses on the design of the system, mainly user interfaces and the database model. Also there are images of possible solutions and a diagram to specify the database structure. The database is designed for the use of all the defined services. The third part is about the implementation and testing of the system when it was being developed and finished. There are images to show the solutions that have been used. The implemented services are for creating and confirming a reservation. Finally there is a sum-up and a report of the overall process of development and learning.
Marketing strategy of an international hotel Chain in China : case company: Holiday Inn
Improving the effectiveness of staff training in a hotel : case study: Hotel X
Leadership and entrepreneurship in the hospitality industry
Security and loss prevention management
Marketing Communications of a Hotel in Social Media
Distribution channel management : case : corporate contract customers of Sokos Hotels
César Ritz : host to the world
Business Plan for a Startup Company VRDA | HELSINKI
Pioneers of the hospitality industry : lessons from leaders, innovators & visionaries. Volume 1
Dynamic pricing agreements of Norwegian hotels from the corporate accounts perspective
A century of hospitality : American Hotel & Lodging Association : 1910-2010
Inventory control system in the hospitality industry : possibilities of establishing a flawless inventory control system in the hospitality industry
Introduction to management in the hospitality industry. Study guide to accompany
Tourism : operations and management
The economic ascent of the hotel business
Managing technology in the hospitality industry
Journal of hospitality & tourism education
Concepting the hotel for tomorrow
Introduction to hospitality operations
Reward and benefit programs have been a topic in the hospitality industry for many, many years. However, in most cases, the topic has been dealt with from perspective hotel guest/- client. This thesis will concern itself with benefit and reward programs from the point of view of employees and employers. It will begin with a general overview and gradually go on to focus on the hospitality sector. The objectives of this research were to give an outlook of the current situation in the hospitality industry in the field of monetary rewards. Additional aims are contrasting the hospitality sector with a different industry and, introducing new ideas from other industries into the hospitality branch. Another long-term goal was to promote the practical application of some of the ideas and recommendations by hotels. The final and most important aim of this report was to demonstrate both the importance of these programs, especially in the hospitality sector and the results for both parties.     The research for this thesis was undertaken by the means of three methods:    Firstly, a literature review was undertaken. It was used to clarify the definitions of reward management and employee benefits. Furthermore, to demonstrate and give a deeper understanding of the different types of monetary rewards systems. It shed light on the different goals of monetary reward management and the pro and contra points of the different methods. Other aspects that were explored the variety of perspectives from which different individuals and companies viewed situations, as well as the impact these programs had on companies and employees.      Secondly, an investigation of the current situation - in mainly five star hotels confronted theory with real life situations - and revealed the impact of these programs on both sides. To this end, several HR directors were interviewed by means of a questionnaire.   Thirdly, a survey questioning HR directors about their reward and benefit programs showed the importance and necessity of these programs. The interviews as well as the questionnaires showed that many hotels have already started to implement monetary reward management into their benefit programs; however there is still much room for improvement and recommendations from other industries.
