http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18881 Tamil language
Tamil language
Tamil auxiliary verbs
Kalevala - the national epic of Finland: an introduction
A word index of old Tamil caṅkam literature
Inscriptions of Saluva Narasimha's time : from 1445 A. D. to 1504 A. D. : with a summary of inscriptions, index etc
Epigraphical evidences for Tamil studies
A history of Tamil literature : with texts and translations : from the earliest times to 600 A. D.
Advanced Tamil reader. Part 1, (texts, notes and exercises)
A guide to Tamil : by the direct method
First steps in Tamil
South-Indian inscriptions. Vol. 13, Chola inscriptions
A reference grammar of spoken Tamil
A concordance of the names in the Cō−la inscriptions. Vol. 1-3, 1-2: List of names with related information; 3: Index to the segments of the names
Contributed papers, mostly on Tamil language and literature.
South-Indian inscriptions. Vol. 12, Pallava inscriptions
Effectivity and causativity in Tamil
The primary classical language of the world
Inscriptions of Venkatapatiraya's time : with a summary of inscriptions, index etc
Pre-Pallavan Tamil index : (index of historical material in Pre-Pallavan Tamil literature)
South-Indian inscriptions. Vol. 2, pt. 1-2, Tamil inscriptions of Rajaraja, Rajendra-Chola, and others in the Rajarajesvara temple at Tanjavur
A basic Tamil reader and grammar. 2, Annotations
Inscriptions of Achyutaraya's time : (from 1530 A. D. to 1542 A. D.) : with a summary of inscriptions, index etc
Auxiliarity in Tamil with special reference to auxiliary verbs iru, viTu and koLLu
A generative grammar of Tamil : (a fragment of Tamil syntax)
The Tamil auxiliary verb system
South-Indian inscriptions. Vol. 2, pt. 5 , Pallaya copper-plate grants from Velurpalayam and Tandantottam : including title page, preface, table of contents, list of plates, addenda and corrigenda, introduction and index of volume 2
Tamil in 550 A.D. : an interpretation of early inscriptional Tamil
A Tamil-English dictionary : revised and enlarged with an appendix of modern scientific terms
The great Lifco dictionary [English-English-Tamil]
South-Indian inscriptions. Vol. 14, Pāndaya inscriptions
Conversational Tamil
A grammar of Tirukkural
Inscriptions of Sadasivaraya's time : (from 1541 A. D. to 1574 A. D.) : with a summary of inscriptions, index etc
Tamil clitics
A Key to Rev. Pope's
A reference grammar of classical Tamil poetry : (150 B.C.-pre-fifth/sixth century A.D.)
An introduction to Tamil script : reading and writing
A Tamil-English dictionary
A vocabulary of the English, Singhalese and Tamil languages = Siomhala akuren s adapu Iongr isi, Simhala, Demala vacana pota
Star children's picture dictionary : bilingual : English-Tamil
South-Indian inscriptions. Vol. 2, pt. 1-4, Tamil inscriptions of Rajaraja, Rajendra-Chola, and others in the Rajarajesvara temple at Tanjavur
Inscriptions of Krishnaraya's time : from 1509 A. D. to 1531 A. D. : with a summary of inscriptions, index etc
A grammar of modern Tamil
Tamil course for European schools
Paramārtta Kuruviön katai : The adventures of the Gooroo Paramartan : a tale in the Tamul language
A dictionary, Tamil and English
South-Indian inscriptions. Vol. 3, pt. 3, Miscellaneous inscriptions from the Tamil country, pt. 3 : Inscriptions of Aditya I, Parantaka I, Madiraikonda Rajakesarivarman, Parantaka II, Uttama-Chola, Parthivendravarman and Aditya-Karikala and the Truvalangadu plates of Rajendra-Chola I.
The little Lifco dictionary : (English-English-Tamil)
Tolkaappiyam : The basic work on ancient Tamil language and culture
A basic Tamil reader and grammar. 1, Readings
The structure of Tamil
Sociolinguistics and dialectology : (seminar papers)
South-Indian inscriptions. Vol. 3, pt. 2, Miscellaneous inscriptions from the Tamil country, pt. 2 : Inscriptions of Virarajendra I., Kulottunga-Chola I., Vikrama-Chola and Kulottunga-Chola III
The treatment of morphology in Tolk−appiyam
Learn Tamil in 30 days
A handbook of the ordinary dialect of the Tamil language
The great Lifco dictionary (English-English-Tamil)
Dynamics of verbal extension in Tamil
Early inscriptions
Literary history in Tamil : (a historiographical analysis)
The Tirunelvēli Tamil dialect
South-Indian inscriptions. Vol. 19, Inscriptions of Parakesarivarman
South-Indian inscriptions. Vol. 3, pt. 4, [Miscellaneous inscriptions from the Tamil country], pt. 4 : Copper-plate grants from Sinnamanur, Tirukkalar and Tiruchchengodu : including title page, preface, table of contents, list of plates, addenda and corrigenda, introduction and index of volume 3
Star children's picture dictionary : English-French-Tamil
Problems in learning Tamil
South-Indian inscriptions. Vol. 3, pt. 1, Miscellaneous inscriptions from the Tamil country, pt. 1 : Inscriptions at Ukkal, Melpadi, Karuvur, Manimangalam and Tiruvallam
LEARN TAMIL IN 30 DAYS
Tholkāppiyam : in English with critical studies
J. P. Fabricius's Tamil-English dictionary
Epigraphical glossary on Tirupati Devasthanam inscriptions
The language of Tamil inscriptions : 1250-1350 A. D.
A contemporary Tamil prose reader with notes, translation and glossary
South-Indian inscriptions. Vol. 1, Tamil and Sanskrit : from stone and copper-plate edicts at Mamallapuram, Kanchipuram, in North Arcot District, and other parts of the Madras Presidency, chiefly collected in 1886-87
Pathway to god through Tamil literature : I - through the Thiruvaachakam
Tamil newspaper reader
Winslow's English-Tamil dictionary
Introduction to the historical grammar of the Tamil language
A progressive grammar of the Tamil language
An intensive course in Tamil : dialogues, drills, excercises, vocabulary, grammar and word index
South-Indian inscriptions. Vol. 2 (parts 3, 4 & 5), Tamil inscriptions
Winslow's a comprehensive Tamil and English dictionary
Collins English-Tamil dictionary
Tiruvannamalai : a Saiva sacred complex of South India. 1, Inscriptions
The language problem of Tamil Nad & its logical solution
A dictionary of Tamil proverbs : with an introduction and hints in English on their meaning and application
Tamil : a bird's-eye view
South-Indian inscriptions. Vol. 4, Miscellaneous inscriptions from the Tamil, Telugu and Kannada countries and Ceylon
A grammar of spoken tamil
Heritage of the Tamils : language and grammar
A Compendious Tamil English dictionary
South-Indian horizons : felicitaion volume for François Gros on the occasion of his 70th birthday
In/on-type elements in Tamil and Norwegian : a study in the expression of unit-creating relations
Tamil : an auto instructional course
English-Tamil dictionary Tamil-English
The Kollimalai Tamil dialect
Tamulica et dravidica : a selection of papers on Tamil and Dravidian linguistics
