http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18878 veterinary medicine
veterinary medicine
Effect of micronutrients on tailchasin in dogs
Advances in veterinary science and comparative medicine
The effect of acupuncutre on chronic pain in dogs suffering from hip dysplasia and osteoarthritis : subjective assessments
Biodistribution studies in small animal models using pre-clinical SPECT/CT imaging
Thymus in acute starvation and re-feeding, an experimental, histoquantitative and statistical study in mice
Canine internal medicine secrets
The Merck veterinary manual : a handbook of diagnosis and therapy for the veterinarian
International encyclopedia of veterinary medicine. Vol. 5, Rh-Z
Stem cell chimerism in the germ cell lineage? : a polymorphic marker study
McDonald's veterinary endodrinology and reproduction
Veterinary pathology
Lumb and Jones' veterinary anesthesia
Proceedings : 23th Congress of the World Small Animal Veterinary Association, October 1998, Buenos Aires, Argentina
Dzīvnieki. Veselība. Pārtikas higiēna. : starptautiskās zinātniskās konferences raksti, Jelgava, 2006.gada 10.novembrī = Animals. Health. Food hygiene. : International scientific conference proceedings, 10th November 2006, Jelgava, Latvia
Veterinary emergency and critical care procedures
Canine pancreatitis : from clinical suspicion to diagnosis and treatment
Proceedings of the third International Theriological Congress, Helsinki 15-20 August 1982. 7, Third International Reindeer/Caribou Symposium, Saariselkä 23-26 August 1982
Final programme and proceedings, 5th Annual Congress [of] European Society of Veterinary Internal Medicine, August 31-September 2, 1995, Churchill College, Cambridge, UK
Third report of the commisioners appointed to inquire into the origin and nature of the cattle plaque
Genital vibriosis in the bovine : experimental investegations with special view to diagnosis, prophylaxis, and therapy
An atlas of interpretative radiographic anatomy of the dog and cat
Informatics in libraries : scientific literature information sources and services for veterinarians
Pathogenesis of bacterial infections in animals
Veterinary parasitology
Veterinary Ireland journal
Controversies in clinical oncology
300 questions and answers in surgical nursing and anaesthesia
Advances in the control of Theileriosis : proceedings of an international conference held at the International Laboratory for Research on Animal Diseases in Nairobi, 9-13th February, 1981
Preparing for highly pathogenic avian influenza
Guide to veterinary museums of the world
Thomson's special veterinary pathology
Proceedings of the 40th International Congress of the ISAE : Bristol, August 8th-12th,  2006
Veterinary guide for farmers
Veterinary endocrinology and reproduction
A field guide to common animal poisons
Veterinary clinical immunology
Essentials of veterinary ophthalmology
History, development and prospects of the animal industry and veterinary services in Malaysia
A great success : the first meeting of the Nordic Veterinary Management association
[Final programme and proceedings], 7th Annual Congress [of] European Society of Veterinary Internal Medicine, September 11-13, 1997, Ecole Nationale Vétérinaire de Lyon, France
Review questions & answers for veterinary boards : ancillary topics
Black's veterinary dictionary
Jubb, Kennedy, and Palmer's pathology of domestic animals. Vol. 2
The complete textbook of animal health and welfare
International encyclopedia of veterinary medicine. Vol. 2, Co-He
An atlas of cat anatomy
Turner and McIlwraith's techniques in large animal surgery
The annual general meeting of the Federation of Veterinarians of Europe held in Lisbon on 28-29 May 1998.
The home veterinarian's handbook : a guide for handling emergencies in farm animals and poultry
Clinical veterinary toxicology
Proceedings of the 6th International Congress of European Association for Veterinary Pharmacology and therapeutics, Edinburgh, UK, 7-11 August 1994.
Proceedings of the North American Veterinary Conference, January 13 -17, 2001, Orlando, Florida : small animal [and exotics] edition
Canine biliary tract diseases : how to reveal and treat them
Veterinary cardiology for practitioners : 8th Annual Frank W. Jordan Seminar, April 7, 1991 : presented by John Bonagura
Esophageal diseases : diagnostic and therapeutic approach
Bacterial effect of antibiotics in semen diluent on pathogenic bacteria in bull semen
Essentials of veterinary microbiology
International encyclopedia of veterinary medicine. Vol. 1, A-Cl
Informative bulletin
An atlas of veterinary surgery
Proceedings of the 17th Annual Veterinary Medical Forum, June 10-13, 1999, American College of Veterinary Internal Medicine, Chicago
Diseases of marine animals. Vol. 1, General aspects, protozoa to gastropoda
International encyclopedia of veterinary medicine. Vol. 3, Hel-Mi
Practical veterinary ultrasound
Atlas of the mouse brain and spinal cord
Anesthesiology update
First steps in veterinary science
XVIII Nordic Veterinary Congress, Helsinki, 4th-7th August 1998 : proceedings
Selected papers. Vol. 1 [1886-1908]
Regulatory veterinary medicine : special report on state and federal services
A study of the cat
Animal pathology : by Russell A. Runnells
Large animal internal medicine : diseases of horses, cattle, sheep and goats
Cytokines in animal health and disease
Slovenian veterinary research
Proceedings of the 20th Annual ACVIM Forum, May 29 - June 1, 2002, Adam's Mark Hotel, Dallas
Handbook of veterinary anesthesia
Veterinary medicine and practice 25 years in the future and the economic steps to get there
Livestock health encyclopedia : the control of diseases and parasites in cattle, sheep and goats, swine, horses and mules with explanation of veterinary, medical, pharmaceutical, chemical, and other scientific terms
Pocket companion to the fourth edition of textbook of veterinary internal medicine
An introduction to veterinary immunology
Veterinary clinical epidemiology : a problem-oriented approach
Parasitology in veterinary medicine
Infectious diseases of the dog and cat
Congress synopses & clinical research abstracts : WSAVA, BSAVA & FECAVA World Congress, 3rd-6th April 1997, International Convention Centre, Birmingham, United Kingdom
Nephrology and urology
Veterinary and animal ethics : proceedings of the fist international conference on veterinary animal ethics, September 2011
Veterinary clinical laboratory procedures
Jubb, Kennedy, and Palmer's pathology of domestic animals. Volume 3
SISVet annual meeting selected abstracts, Silvi Marina (TE), Italy, 17-19 September 1998
Small animal ECGs : an introductory guide
Handbook of equine anaesthesia
MRI and Ct atlas of the dog
Large animal anesthesia : principles and techniques
International encyclopedia of veterinary medicine. Vol. 4, Mo-Re
Veterinary medicine - impacts on human health and nutrition in Africa : proceedings of an International Conference, held at International Livestock Research Institute (ILRI), Addis Ababa, Ethiopia, August 27 to 31, 1995
A guide to comparative veterinary anatomy
Veterinary dental techniques : for the small animal practitioner
The complete equine veterinary manual  : a comprehensive and instant guide to equine health
The hippo with toothache : heart-warming stories of zoo and wild animals and the vets who care for them
Atlas and dissection guide for comparative anatomy
The diagnostic accuracy of the plastic glove test for diagnosis of sand enteropathy in the horse
Practical diagnostic imaging for the veterinary technician
Veterinary medicine : a textbook of the diseases of cattle, sheep, pigs, goats and horses
Clinical veterinary microbiology
The proceedings of the 4th international congress on animal reproduction. 1, Plenary sessions
Practical veterinary nursing
Jubb, Kennedy, and Palmer's pathology of domestic animals. Vol. 1
Endoscopy of the gastrointestinal tract : when is it really indicated
Dr. Khalsa's natural dog : a holistic guide for healthier dog
Animal models of neurological disease
Sokoine University of Agriculture, Facultry of Veterinary Medicine
Exotic and laboratory animal special issue
Australian veterinary journal
BSAVA Congress 2002 : scientific proceedings
Morphology of the rat brain ventricles, ependyma, and periventricular structures
McIlwraith and Turner's equine surgery : advanced techniques
Veterinary surgery
AVA 95 Finland : proceedings of the Spring Conference of the Association of Veterinary Anaesthetists, 4-5 May, 1995, Naantali-Turku
Immunology and immunopathology of domestic animals
