http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18886 business incubators
business incubators
The role of network coordination in business incubation : comparative evidence from Finland and Russia
Thinkertoys : a handbook of creative-thinking techniques
Agency relationship in Global Venture Lab
From university to the business world
Generating knowledge-based entrepreneurship : pre- and business incubation in Finnish polytechnics
Start up companies : business incubation and social capital
Interactive learning for innovation : a key driver within clusters and innovation systems
Preliminary study : defining and modeling success factors of new technology -based firms : perspective of business incubator
The impact of national innovation system on entrepreneurial venture creation process
The role of family background, education and hobbies in student processes of becoming  entrepreneurs
Evaluation of the quality services provided by Travel Park
Practice of lean entrepreneurship principles by business incubators in Turku
JAMK-Business Incubator : enabling entrepreneurship
Service quality is an issue that needs to be addressed by all organizations involved in the service industry at some level. One can not be lulled into the belief that only the concrete technical quality of ones goods is enough to for the customer. It is more than apparent that business incubators such as Travel Park are service organizations, and studies on the service quality perceptions of their customer, the members, thus being of extreme importance. However, as the business incubators in the Uusimaa region benefit from funding from the part of the government, the European Union, as well as municipal governments, the incubators' duty is not only to serve the needs of the incubator members, but those of the taxpayers as well. Therefore, one must evaluate service quality in the incubators from the perspective of both of these groups.   The aim of the thesis was to help the incubator see the effect of its services on former Travel Park members in order to evaluate its level of service quality during the past years. This will help the incubator to better plan its activities for the future. Hypothesis will be laid out for the research in order to answer to the research problem: What has been the quality of services provided by Travel Park according to its former members?  The research was quantitative and it was split into two parts: the study on the business performance of the former Travel Park members and the telephone survey for the same target group. The sample size for the first part of the research was 20 and for the second one 33. Sampling method used was convenience sampling. The data collection period for the survey lasted from October to November of 2005, whereas data on the business performance of the companies was collected from September 2005 to April 2006.     The research findings led to the confirmation of one hypothesis, to the partly confirmation of another, and to the rejection of two other hypotheses. With the overall information provided by the research one could conclude that in terms of the post-incubator business performance of the companies studied, the service quality in Travel Park has not been satisfactory. However, when it comes to the opinions of the entrepreneurs, the level of service quality has been relatively good during the years, though a great deal of variability has been detected between different finishing years. Recommendations for the management as well as suggestions for further research from the basis of the body and content of the thesis are presented in the end.
Technology park as an element of innovative infrastructure : its role in internationalization support
Best practice in business incubation
Spin up : entrepreneurship training in higher education institutions
The role of interactive networks in the creation and growth of accelerator-startups
Knowledge modeling for innovative companies : the case of business incubator
