http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18940 English speakers
English speakers
English speaking countries and varieties of English in teaching : a study of Finnish lower secondary school teaching materials
Diary of a wimpy kid. 5, The ugly truth
Diary of a wimpy kid. 2, Rodrick rules
Reflection and strategies in foreign language learning : a study of four university-level ab initio learners of German
More cartoons from PUNCH
Percy Jackson and the greek heroes : Percy Jackson's greek myths
Pretty girls : a novel
The Usborne First Book of Knowledge
The sisters
Moonglow : a novel
The second Garfield treasury
Team of teams : new rules of engagement for a complex world
The big book of Christmas carols : piano, vocal and guitar arrangements for 49 carols
Comparing texts
Comics from Finland. 33
The runaway Santa : a Christmas adventure story
Four : Divergent stories : The Transfer; The Initiate; The Son; The Traitor
Diary of a wimpy kid. 4, Dog days
Surprised by joy
The collection
Reciprocal haunting : Pat Barker's Regeneration trilogy
A monster of a hamster
Snoopy roundup
Ashley Bell : a novel
Leaving Berlin : a novel
Rock toons : a cartoon history of the first 30 years of rock'n'roll
The Christmas album
Whirlwind fist
A Way of Knowing
The man without a shadow : a novel
Shall we dance?
Where have all the swearwords gone? : An analysis of the loss of swearwords in two Swedish translations of J. D. Salinger's Catcher in the Rye
French grammar
Miss Marple omnibus. Volume three
Diary of a wimpy kid. 7, The third wheel
The twelve days of Christmas
Beyond the Rainbow
Philosophy in children's literature
Toward figural fantasy : the representation of consciousness in modern American fantasy literature
About the Zoo
A chronicle of the modern struggle for gay, lesbian and transgender rights draws on interviews with politicians, military figures, legal activists and members of the LGBT community to document the cause's struggles since the 1950s.
The shell collector
About the farm
Wind song
Swedish : the complete course. I, Beginners/part B
Jla : World without grown-ups
The gay revolution : the story of the struggle
Writing transit : refiguring national imaginaries in Chicana/o narratives
Three sides of a wall : obstacles and border states in Paul Auster's novels
The anglosphere challenge : why the English-speaking nations will lead the way in the twenty-first century
Flight 714
Garfield's guide to healthy living
Readers' responses versus reader-response theories : an empirical study
Swedish : a grammar of the modern language
The killing doll
The earth
Spider-man's greatest team-ups
The Tale of Peter Rabbit ; The Tale of Mr. Jeremy Fischer , The Tale of Two Bad Mice
The passenger
This volume brings together fourteen articles that reappraise the productivity of Stoker's Dracula and the strong influence it still exerts on today's generations. The volume explores various multimodal and multimedia adaptations of the book, by critically examining its literary, cinematic, theatrical, televised and artistic versions. In so doing, it reassesses the origins, evolution, imagery, mythology, theory and criticism of Gothic fiction and of the Gothic (sub)culture. The volume is innovative in that it congregates various angles to the Gothic phenomenon, providing an overview of the interdisciplinary relationships between different cultural, artistic and creative reworkings of the Gothic in general and of Stoker's legacy in particular.
Garfield treasury. 3
Snow White and the seven dwarfs
The urban monk : Eastern wisdom and modern hacks to stop time and find success, happiness, and peace
Public libraries in Finland / Gateways to knowledge and culture
The Third Man : (easy readers, C)
Dogs don't eat dessert
Cosmo and his search for the meaning of life
We are not ourselves : a novel
Go set a watchman
It's all yours, snoopy!
Constructing the Quebec referendum : French and English media voices
Rewriting literary history : Peter Ackroyd and intertextuality
Did I mention I need you?
Diary of a wimpy kid. 3, The last straw
Teaching English abroad : your expert guide to teaching English around the world
Childrens songs for the recorder [Nuottijulkaisu]
The stratoship h.22. Part 1 : Mr. Pump's
JLA : world without grown-ups
Who will comfort Toffle?
The listener
Swedish
Day of judgement
The Martian
Diary of a wimpy kid. 1
A murder of quality
Modern drama and the rhetoric of theater
Rudyard Kipling : a literary life
The girls of Mischief bay
Customer Service Letters
CIGARS OF THE PHARAOH
Half wild
The eye of the falcon
A history of the English speaking peoples since 1900
Wuthering heights
Firebird and other stories
Three wishes : a novel
The cinderella murder : an under suspicion novel
A piece of the world : A Novel
Bilingual youth : Spanish in English-speaking societies
Aesthetic approaches to children's literature : an introduction
Fake book of the world's favorite songs [Nuottijulkaisu]
Snoopy and the peanuts gang : Stay cool
The blood of Olympus
The mammoth book of arthurian legends
Great ladies sing Christmas
A little life : a novel
Poetry and contemporary culture : the question of value ; edited by Andrew Michael Roberts and Jonathan Allison
Swing time
White Christmas
The son of Sobek : Percy Jackson & Kane Chronicles crossover
Rudyard Kipling
World around : student's audio CD
Sally Bowles
Wuthering Heights
The grownup : a story by the author of Gone Girl
Eight months on Ghazzah Street
Bradley's My first Christmas songs [Nuottijulkaisu]
Asterix and son
Perspectives on intonation : English, Finnish and English spoken by Finns
The rest of us just live here
Albatross book of Verse : English and American poetry from the thirteenth century to the present day
Young at heart
Lost in translation? : Translating allusions in two of Reginald Hill's Dalziel & Pascoe novels
Literary Darwinism : evolution, human nature, and literature
As undergraduate and graduate courses in children's literature become more established and numerous, there is an intense need for a textbook that offers aesthetic rather than educational approaches to children's literature. This work fills that void by providing students of children's literature with a comprehensible and easy-to-use analytical tool kit, showing through concrete demonstration how each tool might best be used. The chapters are organized around familiar and easily recognized features of literary texts (e.g. author, genre, character). Theoretical issues are illustrated by specific texts from the North American children's literature canon. The book explores the particular aesthetics of children's fiction and the ways critical theory may be applied to children's texts, while remaining accessible to a college readership without prior specialized knowledge of literary theory. Each chapter includes a short introduction to a specific theoretical approach (e.g. semiotics, feminist, psychoanalytic), an example of its application to a literary text, a number of activities (study questions, reading exercises), and suggestions for further explorations.
Stories for bedtime
The girls
Deadhouse gates
The Cambridge guide to literature in English
After her : a novel
Down in the woods at sleepytime
Boxing clever
Talk French
Pride and Prejudice
L. M. Montgomery
The American college dictionary
Introducing psychology
The swans of Fifth Avenue : a novel
Sucking salt : Caribbean women writers, migration, and survival
Things we have in common
Talk French. 2
Avenue of mysteries
Mastering Dart : master the art of programming high-performance applications with Dart
September 11 aboard : source selection and reported speech in the British quality press
The jump
The silent sister : a novel
I was here
Percy Jackson and the olympians. Books I-III, Collecting The Lightning Thief, The Sea of Monsters, and The Titans' Curse
Texts and contexts : an introduction to literature and language study
HANS CHRISTIAN ANDERSEN'S FAIRY TALES
Tales from the perilous realm
A traditional Christmas collection
Frostbite : a study on readers' responses to alteration of a poem
Today is monday
The hound of the Baskervilles
New messengers : short narratives in plays by Michael Frayn, Tom Stoppard and August Wilson
Honey and salt
E.M. Forster and English place : a literary topography
BLOSSOM COMES HOME
Ethnic relations in Canada : institutional dynamics
Dracula and the Gothic in literature, pop culture and the arts
"One of the most intensely exciting secrets" : the Antarctic in American literature, 1820-1849
The English carol
Ruin and rising
The Staff of Serapis : Percy Jackson & Kane Chronicles crossover
The art of crash landing : a novel
NICE AND NASTY : A BOOK OF OPPOSITES
Background to English-speaking countries
Disclaimer
Treasure Island
Circling the sun : a novel
A history of the English-speaking peoples
Swedish : the complete course. I, Beginners/part A
Tank girl / The odyssey
All the light we cannot see : a novel
A town like alice
Ten little pussy cats
Sandman : The kindly ones
Spanish to go : a weekend's worth of essential words and phrases
Asterix and the magic carpet
Asterix and the secret weapon
Red Queen
Jasmine on a string : a survey of women writing English fiction in India
12 women detective stories
The program
Royal wedding : the Princess diaries
Little women
Sharp objects : a novel
A history of the English-speaking peoples since 1900
In search of a postcategorical utopia : James Baldwin and the politics of 'race' and sexuality
