http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18900 slides (photography)
slides (photography)
Parkett. 60, Chuck Close, Diana Thater, Luc Tuymans
East-west montage : reflections on Asian bodies in diaspora
Diasporas, cultures of mobilities, 'race'. 1, Diasporas and cultures of migrations
This volume examines the evolution of the concept of diaspora since the advent of Diaspora Studies in the 90s, specifically vis-à-vis other concepts: transnationalism, cosmopolitanism, creolization. The essays depict the discontinuities of diasporic experience, but also its ongoing negotiations. Building on transatlantic, gender studies and queer theory, they address the theoretical turn when sexual difference is taken into account and gender troubled. Allying theory and case studies, covering diasporas as diverse as the African, Caribbean, Palestinian, South and South-East Asian diasporas, the dispersion of Romas, the spaces of the Indian Ocean, South Africa and New Zealand, this volume promotes another diasporic model: multidirectional, plural and global. It finds in literature and film tools to think the ‘super-diversity’ and the contradictions of our global world.
Discover Brazil : 21 contemporary positions : Ludwig Museum, Koblenz, [02.September bis 13.November 2005] / Herausgegeben von = edited by Dr. Beate Reifenscheid mit Textbeiträgen von = with articles by Dr. Uwe Kaestner
The Wall Street journal guide to information graphics : the dos and don'ts of presenting data, facts, and figures
Antonio Dias : anywhere is my land, October 17, 2009 - February 7, 2010
Enclosed & enchanted : [Museum of Modern Art Oxford, 16.7. - 8.10.2000]
Slide atlas of human anatomy. Vol. 6, Lower limb ; Appendix
Transcultural modernities : narrating Africa in Europe
The Supremes : a saga of Motown dreams, success, and betrayal
Slide show : [projected images in contemporary art]
Diagrammatology : an investigation on the borderlines of phenomenology, ontology, and semiotics
The Queen
Slide atlas of human anatomy. Vol. 4, Thorax
Information Graphics
Diaspora literature and visual culture : Asia in flight
The story of science : from the writings of Aristotle to the Big Bang theory
Brazil projects` 90 : Brazilian and American artists : Municipal Art Gallery, Los Angeles, March 17 - April 29, 1990 : Museu de Arte de , July 5 - August 5, 1990 / organized by Cultural Arte Brasil
Queer Sinophone cultures
An introduction to visual culture
The spiral of artificiality : Hallwalls, New York, [November 7 to December 19, 1987] / guest curators: Paul Laster, Renée Riccardo ; [this publication has been organized by Paul Laster and Renée Riccardo]
Don't look now : Thread Waxing Space, New York, January 22 - February 26, 1994 / conceived and organized by Joshua Decter
Dias & Riedweg : artist duo sets up staged encounters / Kaija Kaitavuori
Printemps de sebtembre a Toulouse 23.9 - 16.10. 2005 : volume 2 : Vertiges / Frank Gautherot, editor
Inkscape 0.48 essentials for web designers
Modern and traditional speaking : cultural speech codes in and about The Queen
The visual miscellaneum : a colorful guide to the world's most consequential trivia
Global beauty, local bodies
Mau Wal [Elektroninen aineisto] : encontros traduzidos = translated meetings / direction: Fabiana Werneck, Marco Del Fiol ; script: Fabiana Werneck
Multi-image design and production
Slide show
Dark / light : projection installations by Judith Barry, James Coleman, Rebecca Garrett : Mercer Union. Toronto, November 11 to December 13, 1986 / exhibition curator: Elke Town
Drawing a hypothesis : figures of thought : a project
The Sinophone framework emphasises the diversity of Chinese-speaking communities and cultures, and seeks to move beyond a binary model of China and the West. Indeed, this strikingly resembles attempts within the queer studies movement to challenge the dimorphisms of sex and gender. Bringing together two areas of study that tend to be marginalised within their home disciplines Queer Sinophone Cultures innovatively advances both Sinophone studies and queer studies. It not only examines film and literature from Mainland China but expands its scope to encompass the underrepresented 'Sinophone' world at large (in this case Taiwan, Hong Kong, Malaysia, Singapore, and beyond). Further, where queer studies in the U.S., Europe, and Australia often ignore non-Western cultural phenomena, this book focuses squarely on Sinophone queerness, providing fresh critical analyses of a range of topics from works by the famous director Tsai Ming-Liang to the history of same-sex soft-core pornography made by the renowned Shaw Brothers Studios. By instigating a dialogue between Sinophone studies and queer studies, this book will have broad appeal to students and scholars of modern and contemporary China studies, particularly to those interested in film, literature, media, and performance. It will also be of great interest to those interested in queer studies more broadly. --Publisher's description.
Diana Thater / T. Kelly Mason  (in conversation) : the future that almost wasn ́t
Painting in photography : on the history (and future) of the technologies of vision / Riikka Stewen
The 21st Slide Bienniale in Loviisa 21.10.2000
Vision and visuality
Slide show : projected images in contemporary art : [Baltimore Museum of Art, 27.2. - 15.5.2005 :  Contemporary Arts Center, Cincinnati, 2.7 - 11.9. 2005 :  Brooklyn Museum of Art, 7.10.2005 - 8.1.2006] / Darsie Alexander ; with essays by Charles Harrison and Robert Storr
The definitive guide to the graphic presentation of information contains a step-by-step guide to executing clear, concise, and intelligent graphics. The most current digital information is included along with practical advice, making this an essential reference.
Africa, Europe and (post)colonialism : racism, migration and diaspora in African literatures
Information is beautiful
The culture of diagram
Slide atlas of human anatomy. Vol. 1, Head, neck and brain
Vadim Fiskin : "Samostojna razstava" = "One-Man Show" : Mala galerija, [Ljubljana], 5. december 1995 - 12. januar 1996 / [organizacija razstave = exhibition organizer nives Zalokar ; urednica kataloga = catalogue edited by Mika Briski ; tekst = text by Viktor Misiano ; izdala = published by Moderna galerija Ljubljana = Museum of Modern Art, Ljubljana]]
Making connections : exploring Methodist deacons' perspectives on contemporary diaconal ministry
Primates : the fearless science of Jane Goodall, Dian Fossey, and Biruté Galdikas
Antonio Dias : anywhere is my land : Daros Exhibitions, Zürich, October 17, 2009 - February 7, 2010 / editor: Daros Latinamerica AG, Hans-Michael Herzog, Katrin Steffen
Basic conservation of archival materials : a guide = Manuel de conservation des documents d'archives
Crossing : new art from Australia : [Galleria Lume and Gallery Atski, University of Art and Design Helsinki UIAH, 4 November - 30 November 2002] / [curator: Peter Westwood]
"Focuses on art house cinema and discusses commercial African cinema"--
A fiction of authenticity : contemporary Africa abroad : Contemporary Art Museum St Louis, [September 20, 2003 - January 4, 2004] / curated by Shannon Fitzgerald & Tumelo Mosaka ; essays by Orlando Britto Jinorio... [et al.]
Shaping Indian diaspora : literary representations and Bollywood consumption away from the Desi
By bringing queer theory to bear on ideas of diaspora, Gayatri Gopinath produces both a more compelling queer theory and a more nuanced understanding of diaspora. Focusing on queer female diasporic subjectivity, Gopinath develops a theory of diaspora apart from the logic of blood, authenticity, and patrilineal descent that she argues invariably forms the core of conventional formulations. She examines South Asian diasporic literature, film, and music in order to suggest alternative ways of conceptualizing community and collectivity across disparate geographic locations. Her agile readings challenge nationalist ideologies by bringing to light that which has been rendered illegible or impossible within diaspora: the impure, inauthentic, and nonreproductive. Gopinath juxtaposes diverse texts to indicate the range of oppositional practices, subjectivities, and visions of collectivity that fall outside not only mainstream narratives of diaspora, colonialism, and nationalism but also most projects of liberal feminism and gay and lesbian politics and theory. She considers British Asian music of the 1990s alongside alternative media and cultural practices. Among the fictional works she discusses are V. S. Naipaul's classic novel A House for Mr. Biswas, Ismat Chughtai's short story “The Quilt,” Monica Ali's Brick Lane, Shyam Selvadurai's Funny Boy, and Shani Mootoo's Cereus Blooms at Night. Analyzing films including Deepa Mehta's controversial Fire and Mira Nair's Monsoon Wedding, she pays particular attention to how South Asian diasporic feminist filmmakers have reworked Bollywood's strategies of queer representation and to what is lost or gained in this process of translation. Gopinath's readings are dazzling, and her theoretical framework transformative and far-reaching.
Interpreting Diana : television audiences and the death of a princess
Marcel Broodthaers : [Slide] projections : Stedelijk Van Abbemuseum, Eindhoven, [from 13 September 1992 until 4 July 1993] / [editors: Frank Lubbers, Anna Hakkens, Maria Gilissen]
Slide atlas of human anatomy. Vol. 2, Vertebral column and spinal cord
Scanning negatives and films : digitizing your photographic archives
Impossible desires : queer diasporas and South Asian public cultures
Primates : The fearless science of Jane Goodall, Dian Fossey, and Biruté Galdikas
The functional art : an introduction to information graphics and visualization
Metamorphoses in children's literature and culture
The magic lantern : recent slide shows : SF Camerawork October 9 - November 1986 / curated by John Bloom & Jeanne C. Finley
Slide atlas of diabetes
Writing Jewish culture : paradoxes in ethnography
Conservation practices for slide and photograph collections
Microsoft Office PowerPoint 2007 : step by step
Contemporary cinema of Africa and the diaspora
The truthful art : data, charts, and maps for communication
Wonder Woman : odyssey. Volume one
What newspapers, films, and television do Africans living in Britain see and read? : the media of the African diaspora
SuburbiaNation : reading suburban landscape in twentieth-century American fiction and film
Artists' flags for Scotland : some meditations on the national flag / [published by Stirling Iniative Cultural Programme]
Slide atlas of human anatomy. Vol. 3, Upper limb
Diana : the children's princess
Afro modern : journeys through the Black Atlantic
The permanence and care of color photographs : traditional and digital color prints, color negatives, slides, and motion pictures
Slide collection management in libraries and information units
Scanning negatives and slides : digitizing your photographic archives
Every day, at work, home, and school, we are bombarded with vast amounts of free data collected and shared by everyone and everything from our co-workers to our calorie counters. In this highly anticipated follow-up to The Functional Art—Alberto Cairo's foundational guide to understanding information graphics and visualization—the respected data visualization professor explains in clear terms how to work with data, discover the stories hidden within, and share those stories with the world in the form of charts, maps, and infographics. In The Truthful Art, Cairo transforms elementary principles of data and scientific reasoning into tools that you can use in daily life to interpret data sets and extract stories from them.
Teachers manual for the study of art history and related courses : Derived from the American library compendium and index of world art [...]
Slide atlas of human anatomy. Vol. 5, Abdomen and pelvis
