http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18941 systems biology
systems biology
Life in lakes and rivers
Quantitative refinement of reaction-based biomodels
Annual review of ecology, evolution, and systematics. Vol. 42, 2011
Annual review of ecology, evolution, and systematics. Vol. 41, 2010
Cancer systems biology
Robust signal processing methods for genomic time series and protein accessibility data
Seventh International Workshop on Computational Systems Biology : WCSB 2010, June 16-18, 2010, Luxembourg
Systems biological study of Drosophila immune signaling
System-level characterization of Th2 cell development and immune cell responses to ZnO and TiO2 nanoparticles
Data integration, pathway analysis and mining for systems biology
Fundamentals of soil ecology
Sixth International Workshop on Computational Systems Biology : WCSB 2009, June 10-12, 2009, Aarhus, Denmark
Annual review of Ecology, Evolution, and Systematics. Volume 44, 2013
Advances in systems biology
Machine learning in systems biology
Systems biology of tumor dormancy
Regulation of excitation-contraction coupling in cardiac myocytes : insights from mathematical modelling
Mathematical modelling of apoptosis
"Fungi have their own unique cell biology and life cycle, but also play critical roles in wider biological systems. This textbook provides an all-round view of fungal biology, ranging in scope from the evolutionary origins of fungi and other eukaryotes more than a billion years ago, to the impact fungi have on our everyday lives. Bringing mycology teaching right up to date, this unique systems biology approach emphasises the interactions between fungi and other organisms to illustrate the critical roles that fungi play in every ecosystem and food web. With more than 60 colour figures, examples of computational modelling and resource boxes directing students to areas of interest online, this uniquely modern textbook gives students an appreciation of fungi both at the organism level and in the context of wider biology. A companion CD features a hyperlinked version of the book and the fully integrated World of Cyberfungi website"--
"This volume is based on the Workshop on Systems Biology of Tumor Dormancy meeting, held July 25th to July 28th, 2011. The first annual CCSB workshop brought together biologists, clinicians, mathematicians, and computer scientists to discuss various aspects of tumor dormancy and develop novel mathematical/computational models with the keynote speakers. Specific topics included the angiogenic switch, immune system interactions, cancer stem cells and signaling." -- (Springer)
The biology of soft shores and estuaries
From fundamental genomics to systems biology : understanding the book of life
Systems Analysis of Human Multigene Disorders
The 10th International Workshop on Computational Systems Biology : WCSB 2013, June 10-12, 2013, Tampere, Finland
Biology : how life works
Methods for construction and analysis of computational models in systems biology : applications to the modelling of the heat shock response and the self-assembly of intermediate filaments
Modelling the development of phyllotactic patterns at the shoot apical meristem of Arabidopsis thaliana
Feedback control in systems biology
Computational methods for high-throughput data analysis in cancer research
System-level characterization of Th2 cell development and immune cell response to ZnO and TiO2 nanoparticles
A Systems biology approach to blood
Proceedings of the TICSP Workshop in Computational Systems Biology, WCSB'2003, Tampere University of Technology, Tampere, Finland, June 16-17, 2003
Swedish summary: Matematisk modellering av apoptos (s. 44-46).
Rhizosphere : achievements and challenges
Biology : understanding life
A first course in systems biology
Quantitative biology : from molecular to cellular systems
Signal and image analysis techniques are becoming more widely used in biomedical and life science applications. With an emphasis on applications of computational models for solving modern challenging problems in biomedical and life sciences, this book aims to bring collections of articles from biologists, medical/biomedical and health science researchers together with computational scientists to focus on problems at the frontier of biomedical and life sciences. The goals of this book are to build interactions of scientists across several disciplines and to help industrial users apply advanced computational techniques for solving practical biomedical and life science problems. This book is for users in the fields of biomedical and life sciences who wish to keep abreast with the latest techniques in signal and image analysis. The book presents a detailed description to some of the applications. It can be used by those both at graduate and specialist levels.
Signal processing methods and information approach to systems biology
Marine biology : an ecological approach
2nd TICSP Workshop on Computational Systems Biology, WCSB'2004 : proceedings of the 2nd TICSP Workshop on Computational Systems Biology, WCSB'2004, Silja Opera, Helsinki - St. Petersburg, June 14-16, 2004
Key migratory bird terrestrial habitat sites in the Northwest Territories
Image processing for systems biology : validation and performance evaluation through simulation
Air and water : the biology and physics of life's media
Refinement of biomodels using Petri nets
Longevity genes : a blueprint for aging
Regime shifts in lake ecosystems : pattern and variation
Principles of terrestrial ecosystem ecology
Ecology and field biology
Evolutionary systems biology
Annual review of ecology, evolution, and systematics. Vol. 40, 2009
Biological nitrogen transformations in marine ecosystems with emphasis on denitrification
Variability within marine ecosystems of northwestern Europe : final report EC-DGXIV research contract FAIR\95\710
21st century guidebook to fungi
Annual review of ecology, evolution, and systematics. Vol. 38, 2007
Gene assembly in stichotrichous ciliates : elementary operations, parallelism and computation
Management of Biological Invasions : international journal of applied research on biological invasions
First, systems biology is an inter-disciplinary approach, requiring the combined talents of biologists, mathematicians, and computer scientists. Second, systems biology is holistic, with the goal of obtaining a comprehensive understanding of the workings of biological systems. This is achieved through the acquisition of massive amounts of data by high-throughput technologies-oligonucleotide microarrays, mass spectrometry, and next-generation sequencing-and the analysis of this data through sophisticated mathematical algorithms.
Network and gene expression analyses for understanding protein function
An introduction to systems biology : design principles of biological circuits
Introduction to ecological genomics
Computational methods for reconstruction and analysis of genome-scale metabolic networks
Plant systems biology
Image analysis algorithms for single-cell study in systems biology
Consumption patterns and excretion in aquatic food webs
Annual review of ecology, evolution, and systematics. Volume 46, 2015
Computational systems biology of cancer
Computational approaches to biological network inference and modeling in systems biology
Disturbance and Ecosystems : Components of Response
Probabilistic interference tool for gene regulatory networks
Systems biology. Vol. 2, Networks, models, and applications
Annual review of ecology, evolution, and systematics. Vol. 43, 2012
The biology of peatlands
Ecology of Pisidium (Bivalvia, Sphaeriidae) populations in an oligotrophic and mesohumic lake
Summary.
The biology of weeds
Systems biology and bioinformatics research programme 2004-2007 (Sysbio) : evaluation report
Stochastic modelling for systems biology
Ecology of aquatic systems. Mike Dobson and Chris Frid
Nutrigenetics and nutrigenomics
The web of life : a new scientific understanding of living systems
Information theoretic analysis of the structure-dynamics relationships in complex biological systems
Network biology : applications in medicine and biotechnology
Dynamics of marine ecosystems : biological-physical interactions in the oceans
The blood system is multi-scale, from the organism to the organs to cells to intracellular signaling pathways to macromolecule interactions. Blood consists of circulating cells, cellular fragments (platelets and microparticles), and plasma macromolecules. Blood cells and their fragments result from a highly-ordered process, hematopoiesis. Definitive hematopoiesis occurs in the bone marrow, where pluripotential stem cells give rise to multiple lineages of highly specialized cells. Highly-productive and continuously regenerative, hematopoiesis requires a microenvironment of mesenchymal cells and blood vessels. A Systems Biology Approach to Blood is divided into three main sections: basic components, physiological processes, and clinical applications. Using blood as a window, one can study health and disease through this unique tool box with reactive biological fluids that mirrors the prevailing hemodynamics of the vessel walls and the various blood cell types. Many blood diseases, rare and common can and have been exploited using systems biology approaches with successful results and therefore ideal models for systems medicine. More importantly, hematopoiesis offers one of the best studied systems with insight into stem cell biology, cellular interaction, development; linage programing and reprograming that are every day influenced by the most mature and understood regulatory networks.
Microbes in the pelagic carbon cycle : picoplanktonic algae and heterotrophic nanoflagellates in the northern Baltic ecosystem
Annual review of ecology, evolution, and systematics. Volume 45, 2014
Systems biology : mathematical modeling and model analysis
Fifth International Workshop on Computational Systems Biology, WCSB 2008 : June 11-13, 2008 Leipzig, Germany
An ecosystem approach to aquatic ecology : Mirror Lake and its environment
The role of life cycle in the population dynamics of the bloom forming dinoflagellates Scrippsiella hangoei and Peridiniella catenata in the Baltic Sea
Genetic regulatory in avian B cells
Seagrass research methods
Annual review of ecology, evolution, and systematics. Vol. 39, 2008
Modeling for molecular interaction networks : methodology and applications
System-wide approaches to uncover Th2 cell lineage commitment
Annual review of ecology, evolution, and systematics. Volume 47, 2016
Data fusion methods and an application on exploration of gene regulatory mechanism
Signal and Image Analysis for Biomedical and Life Sciences
Environmental systems : an introductory text
Biocenter Day 2005 : systems biology - navigating through the jungle : Thursday, March 15th, 2005.
Understanding the genetic architecture underlying complex multigene disorders is one of the major goals of human genetics in the upcoming decades. Advances in whole genome sequencing and the success of high throughput functional genomics allow supplementing conventional reductionist biology with systems-level approaches to human heredity and health as systems of interacting genetic, epigenetic, and environmental factors. This integrative approach holds the promise of unveiling yet unexplored levels of molecular organization and biological complexity. It may also hold the key to deciphering the multigene patterns of disease inheritance
