http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18926 sports law
sports law
The rights to TV broadcast of sport events
Sport and the law
Sport : law and practice
EU, sport, law and policy : regulation, re-regulation and representation
The baseball trust : a history of baseball's antitrust exemption
CAS and Football : landmark cases
Sports law : cases and materials
Flash and bones
The sporting exception in European Union law
European sports law : collected papers
New media and sport : international legal aspects
Handbook on international sports law
EU sports law and breakaway leagues in football
The European Union and sport : legal and policy documents
Sports vision
Recueil des sentences du TAS 1986-1998 = Digest of CAS awards 1986-1998
TV rights and sport : legal aspects
Sponsorship agreements in the sporting world
Zhongguo fazhi fazhan baogao = Annual report on China's rule of law. 8 (2010)
Drugs and doping in sport : socio-legal perspectives
Unauthorized use and protection of trademarks in fan products : can professional sports clubs rely on their exclusive rights in the European Union?
Sports betting : law and policy
Sport, civil liberties and human rights
Tourism and animal ethics
The strategic significance of the arctic : background paper presented at the round table seminar
CAS Awards - Sydney 2000 : The decisions delivered by the ad hoc Division of the Court of Arbitration for Sport during the 2000 Olympic Games in Sydney = Sentences du TAS - Sydney 2000 : les decisions rendues par la Chambre ad hoc du Tribunal Arbitral du Sport pendant les Jeux Olympiques de Sydney 2000
Lex sportiva : what is sports law?
UEFA's homegrown player rule in the light of EU law
No lifetimes for athletes
The law of the Olympic Games
The global guide to animal protection
Sports marketing agreements : legal, fiscal and practical aspects
Staking out the boundaries of the law
Treatment of breakaway structures in football under the EC treaty competition provisions
Study on national sports legislation in Europe
When competition is brough into play : how users can share what they have generated
The Deaf way II reader : perspectives from the second international conference on deaf culture
Kathy Reichs--#1 New York Times bestselling author and producer of the FOX television hit Bones --returns with a riveting new novel set in Charlotte, North Carolina, featuring forensic anthropologist Dr. Temperance Brennan. Kathy Reichs's trademark blend of forensic descriptions that "chill to the bone" (Entertainment Weekly) and breathless suspense have made her books major bestsellers worldwide. Now, she delivers the fourteenth thriller in a "cleverly plotted and expertly maintained series" (The New York Times Book Review). A body is found in a barrel of asphalt next to Lowes Motor Speedway near Charlotte just as 200,000 fans are pouring into town for race week. The next day, a NASCAR crew member shares with Tempe a devastating story. Twelve years earlier his sister, Cyndi Gamble, then a high school senior who wanted to be a professional racecar driver, disappeared along with her boyfriend, Cale Lovette. Lovette kept company with a group of right wing extremists known as the Patriot Posse. Is the body Cyndi's? Or Cale's? At the time of their disappearance, the FBI joined the investigation, but the search was quickly terminated. As Tempe is considering multiple theories, including an FBI cover-up, a surprising, secret substance is found with the body, leaving Tempe to wonder what exactly the government was up to / WorldCat.
Law and community in the new media landscape : critical perspectives on audiovisual sport coverage in the European Union
Sports and the law : text, cases, problems
Animals and the law : a sourcebook
The future of sports law in the European Union : beyond the EU reform treaty and the white paper
Recueil des sentences du TAS III, 2001-2003 = Digest of CAS Awards III
Sports personal injury : law & practice
Sport and development
Sports image rights in Europe
European sports law : a comparative analysis of the European and American models of sport
The rights to TV broadcast of sports events
The Beijing olympiad : the political economy of a sporting mega-event
Labour law between change and tradition : liber amicorum Antoine Jacobs
Human rights in youth sport
The Bosman case : the end of the transfer system
The Council of Europe and Sport
The deaf way : Perspectives from the international conference on deaf culture
The taxation of international entertainers and athletes : all the world's a stage
Regulating football : commodification, consumption, and the law
Joint selling of football broadcasting rights in Europe, a friend or foe of the principle of Fair Play?
Contract and control in the entertainment industry : dancing on the edge of heaven
Players' agents worldwide : legal aspects
Player contracts as assets
Sport, mediation and arbitration
EU law after Lisbon
Between law and culture : relocating legal studies
"Strict liability" drug rules of sports governing bodies: are they legal?
Mikä osa yleisöllä? : viestintäoikeuden vuosikirja 2007 = Yearbook of communication law 2007 = Jahrbuch für Kommunikationsrecht 2007.
Einstweiliger Rechtsschutz im internationalen Sport = Preliminary remedies in international sports law
Sports and the law : major legal cases
Law and sport in contemporary society
Recueil des sentences du TAS 1998-2000 = Digest of CAS awards 1986-1998
Sports law in Spain
European sports law : a comparative analysis of the European and American models of sports
Trademark take-over or sui generis regimes : absolute merchandising rights in sports
The legal status of sportsmen and sportswomen under international, European and Belgian national and regional law
A comparative analysis of the legal position of professional sportsmen under Finnish, English and European Community law : the borderlines of employment
Zhongguo fazhi fazhan baogao = Annual report on China's rule of law. 7 (2009)
Sports law
The recent "revolution" for the rights of professional players in Japan : the baseball players' strike, the football players' unionisation and other developments prompting the "rights revolution"
The economics of sports broadcasting
