http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18902 iodine
iodine
Electronic spectroscopy of I2-Xe complexes in solid Krypton
Chlorine, fluorine, bromine and iodine
Iodine and plant life : annotated bibliography 1813-1949
Iodination with solid lactoperoxidase
I'm not naughty - I'm autistic : Jodi's journey
Art and the internet / edited by Phoebe Adler ... [et al.]
A spectroscopic and numerical investigation of iodine complex formation kinetics
Concentration and fractionation of milk, and possible removal of radioactivity
Horseradish peroxidase - iodide system : a potential antibacterial agent against periodontal pathogens in human saliva
Iodine content of foods : annotated bibliography 1825-1951
Graphica creativa '09 : 12. kansainvälinen grafiikkatriennaali : co-op : Jyväskylän taidemuseo, 12.6. - 27.9.2009 : Galleria Harmonia, 12.6. - 30.8.2009 = Graphica creativa '09 : 12th International Print Triennial : co-op : Jyväskylä Art Museum, 12.6. - 2 / [toimittajat = editors Jukka Partanen, Anna-Leena Pesonen]
Studies on oxidative coupling in H-phosphonate chemistry
Marie-Madeleine Jodin, 1741-1790 : actress, philosophe, and feminist
Factors to new product success : the case of iodized salt industry in Sudan
Dietary iodine intake and status of Norwegians
Multiplicity, embodiment and the contemporary dancer : moving identities
Spot on ... Bamako : VII. rencontres africaines de la photographie : ifa - Galerie Berlin, 24. Oktober 2008 bis 11. Januar 2009 : ifa - Galerie Stuttgart, 30 Januar bis 21. März 2009 / Kurator: Akinbode Akinbiyi ; Katalog: Barbara Barsch ; Kurztexte: Julia Pattis
Spectroscopic signatures as a probe of structure and dynamics in condensed-phase systems : studies of iodine and gold ranging from isolated molecules to nanoclusters
Radiohalogenation of biomolecules : an experimental study on radiohalogen preparation, precursor synthesis, radiolabeling and biodistribution
Long-term prognosis of patients treated with radioactive lodine for hyperthyroidism
Iodine in the Finnish diet and its relation to goitre incidence
Geisha : the life, the voices, the art
Vibrational dynamics of iodine molecule and its complexes in solid krypton : towards coherent control of biomolecular reactions?
A useful dream : African photography 1960 2010 : Centre for Fine Arts, Brussels, 26 June 2010 - 26 September 2010 in the framework of the platform Visionary Africa and the Summer of Photography 2010 / editor Simon Njami
A simple matter of salt : an ethnography of nutritional deficiency in Spain
Jodi Bieber : between dogs and wolves : growing up with South Africa / Jodi Bieber
Summary.
Geochemistry of iodine : iodine in rocks, minerals and soils : annotated bibliography 1825-1954 with review and tables
Risk evaluation of essential trace elements : essential verus toxic levels of intake : report of a Nordic project group
Fission product transport in the primary circuit and in the containment in severe nuclear accidents
Shoot, edit, share : video production for mass media, marketing, advertising, and public relations
The iodine crisis : what you don't know about iodine can wreck your life
Sulfur-Iodine thermochemical cycle for hydrogen production
In recent years, the practice of contemporary dancers has altered significantly in the transition from canonical choreographic vocabularies to a proliferation of choreographic signatures within mainstream and independent dance. Dancers are often required to collaborate creatively on the formation of choreographic material, thus engaging conceptually with emerging cultural paradigms. This book explores the co-creative practice of contemporary dancers solely from the point of view of the dancer. It reveals multiple dancing perspectives, drawn from interviews, current writing and evocative accounts from inside the choreographic process, illuminating the myriad ways that dancers contribute to the production of contemporary dance culture. A key insight of the book is that a dancer's signature way of being is a 'moving identity', which incorporates past dance experience, anatomical structures and conditioned human movement as a self-in-process. The moving identity is the movement signature that the dancer forms throughout a career path.
