http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18921 geobiology
geobiology
Modern techniques in soil ecology : prooceedings of the International workshop on modern techniques in soil ecology relevant to organic matter breakdown, nutrient cycling and soil biological processes University of Georgia, Athens, GA, U. S. A. 11-15 September 1989
Soil micro-organisms
Quantitative aspects of the land mollusc fauna of deciduous forests in Laitila (Southwestern Finland) and Kiiminki (Northern Ostrobothnia)
Soil biological parameters as indicators of changes in Scots pine forests (Pinus sylvestris L.) caused by air pollution
Fundamentals of soil science
The effects of fertilization on forest soil biology : microbiology
Effects of earthworms on soil processes in coniferous forest soil
The biology of soil : a community and ecosystem approach
Ecology of arable land - perspectives and challenges : proceedings of an International symposium, 9-12 June 1987, Swedish University of Agricultural Sciences, Uppsala, Sweden
Handbook of soil sciences : properties and processes
Interrelationships between microorganisms and plants in soil : proceedings of an international symposium, Liblice, Czechoslovakia June 22-27, 1987
Effects of environmental pollution on forest soil microflora
The microbiology of terrestrial ecosystems
Soil processes : a systematic approach
Soil biology guide
Organic chemicals : used as model substances within the progamme Biological variables in environmental hazard assessment
Soils in the urban environment
Fundamentals of soil ecology
Soil biotechnology : microbiological factors in crop productivity
Nordic late quaternary biology and ecology
Oasis in space : earth history from the beginning
Comparison of different DNA extraction methods from hair root follicles to genotype Finnish Landrace boars with the Illumina PorcineSNP60 BeadChip
Rhizosphere : achievements and challenges
Soil microbiology and biochemistry
Soil resilience and sustainable land use : proceedings of a Symposium held in Budapest, 28 September to 2 October 1992, including the Second Workshop on the Ecological Foundations of Sustainable Agriculture (WEFSA 2)
Plant and soil : proceedings of the symposium "Dynamics of Processes in the Soil and Plant Nutrition", Prague, September 1986
Biological diversity and function in soils
The rhizosphere
Using a botanic garden collection to test a bioclimatic vegetation scheme
Phytoremediation of hydrocarbon-contaminated soil
Interspecific interactions in the soil community
XIV Pacific Science Congress, Khabarovsk, USSR, August, 1979 : Abstracts. Section F2, F2a, Marine biology, Biology of shelf
Ecology of soil animals
Root genomics and soil interactions
Fishes : an introduction to ichthyology
The biogeochemistry of submerged soils
Effects of fertilization on the fauna of coniferous forest soil
Phytoremediation
Roots: the dynamic interface between plants and the earth : the 6th Symposium of the International Society of Root Research, 11-15 November 2001, Nagoya, Japan
Soil microbial associations : control of structures and functions
Constituents and properties of soils
Role of the fauna in soil processes: techniques using simulated forest floor
Biological activity and microorganisms in forest soil as indicators of environmental changes
Applications of continuous and steady-state methods to root biology
Methods in soil biology
Handbook of soil science
Soil biochemistry. Vol. 6
The dynamics of bacterial populations in a forest soil
Mycorrhizal colonization of highbush blueberry and its native relatives in central Finland
Vital soil : function, value and properties
Modern soil microbiology
Nutrient cycling in terrestrial ecosystems
Finnish botanists actively studied the flora of Karelia (Karelian Republic) and the Kola Peninsula (Murmansk Region) when Finland was a Grand Duchy of Russia in 1809-1918. J. Fellman's expeditions in 1829 were the first notable botanical expeditions to the area. Geologically and floristically the area was similar to Finland, and exploring the area was considered to be a national duty for Finnish biologists. Almost 40 Finnish scientists who travelled on the Kola Peninsula collected significant amounts of herbarium specimens from there. The specimens are mostly in H, but duplicates were distributed widely. The collectors include M. Aschan, W. M. Axelson (Linnaniemi), V. Borg (Kivilinna), M. Brenner, V. F. Brotherus, R. Envald, J. Fellman, N. I. Fellman, C. W. Fontell, E. af Hällström, H. Hollmén, P. A. Karsten, A. Osw. Kihlman (Kairamo), F. W. Klingstedt, H. Lindberg, J. Lindén, A. J. Malmberg (Mela), J. Montell, F. Nylander, J. A. Palmén, V. Pesola, P. A. Rantaniemi, J. Sahlberg, and G. Selin. A short description is given of the biographies of the most important collectors with notes on their itineraries. Details of the collections from the Kola Peninsula are mostly taken from the vascular-plant specimens kept in the Finnish main herbaria and entered in the Floristic database Kastikka of the Finnish Museum of Natural History. As to bryophytes, lichens and other fungi, only a small proportion has been entered into the database. A network of biogeographic provinces for the Kola Peninsula was created by Finnish scientists in the mid 1800s, and it is still commonly used. Changes in the boundaries of provinces in the peninsula are discussed. The herbarium data are given according to the provinces.
Biological interactions in soil : March 23-27, 1987
Biology and fertility of soils
Environmental soil biology
The ecology of soil decomposition
Forest soils & treatment impacts : proceedings of the Sixth North American Forest Soils Conference held at The University of Tennessee, Knoxville in June 1983
Soil biochemistry
Soil biochemistry. Vol. 7
XI International Colloquium on Soil Zoology, Jyväskylä, Finland, 10-14 August, 1992 : program and abstracts
Progress in soil biology : proceedings of the Colloquium on Dynamics of Soil Communities, Braunschweig-Völkenrode, 5.-10. September 1966 = Beiträge zur Bodenbiologie = Travaux Récents de la Biologie du Sol
The rhizosphere : an ecological perspective
Recent developments in sequencing methods have enabled whole genome sequencing of several species and the available sequence information has allowed the development of high throughput genotyping chips. However, these genotyping methods require high quality DNA. The possibility to genotype samples based on DNA from non-invasive sources would permit retrospective genotyping of previously collected samples and also facilitate the analysis of large populations e.g. for genomic selection. In this study we have developed and evaluated different DNA preparation methods from porcine hair root follicles for high throughput genotyping with the PorcineSNP60 Genotyping BeadChip (Illumina). We describe a method for DNA extraction from porcine hair root samples, which produces results from high throughput genotyping with the same high degree of accuracy as previously reported for DNA extracted from sperm, blood or tissue samples. This method was used for the genotyping of 273 hair follicle samples. When the DNA concentration was > 30 ng/µl all samples had the same high call rate ( > 99%) as sperm samples confirming the robustness of this DNA extraction method for high throughput genotyping. Our data also establishes the suitability of the PorcineSNP60 BeadChip for genotyping the Finnish Landrace population.
Root ecology and its practical application : a contribution to the investigation of the whole plant 2 : proceedings of the 3rd ISRR-symposium September 2nd-6th, 1991 Wien, Austria
Trophic-level dynamics in microbial-based soil food webs
Thing explainer : complicated stuff in simple words
Finnish botanists on the Kola Peninsula (Russia) up to 1918.
Geochemistry and water quality of Lake Qarun, Egypt
Ecology of arable land : organisms, carbon and nitrogen cycling
The living soil : fundamentals of soil science and soil biology
Life in space : astrobiology for everyone
Tropical soil biology and fertility : a handbook of methods
Mycorrhizal biology
Handbook of soil sciences : resource management and environmental impacts
Soil biochemistry. Vol. 4
Life in the soil : a guide for naturalists and gardeners
Liming as a measure to improve soil and tree condition in areas affected by air pollution : results and experiences of an ongoing research programme
Microbial life in the soil : an introduction
The soil quality concept and its importance in the study of Finnish arable soils
The rhizosphere : biochemistry and organic substances at the soil-plant interface
Encountering the changing Barents : research challenges and opportunities
Ecology and management of forest soils
Long-term experiments with acid rain in Norwegian forest ecosystems
Here be dragons : how the study of animal and plant distributions revolutionized our views of life and Earth
Spatial variation of benthic macroinvertebrate biodiversity in boreal streams : biogeographic context and conservation implications
Geographical : Helsinki
Soil biochemistry. Vol. 3
Soil biology & biochemistry
Biological activity of soil under rubber plantations in Côte d'Ivoire
The Biomedical & Life Sciences Collection
Earthworms : their ecology and relationships with soils and land use
