http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18990 chains of shops
chains of shops
Fair trade coffee in Nicaragua : impacts of certified production on cooperatives, farmers and laborers
Customer involvement in retail business : a case study in a grocery store context
Proceedings of the International Symposium Postharvest Pacifica 2009 - Pathways to Quality : Vth International Symposium on Managing Quality in Chains in collaboration with the Australasian Postharvest Horticultural Conference ; Napier, New Zealand, November 15 - 19, 2009
Improving Order Fulfillment in an SME e-Commerce Company
Industry transformation initiated by a technological innovation : case of UK grocery retailing
Developing competitive advantages and improving collaboration within the supply chain
Wrestling with Starbucks : conscience, capital, cappuccino
The franchising handbook : the complete guide to choosing a franchise
Moveable feasts : the incredible journeys of the things we eat
Digital business and e-commerce management : strategy, implementation and practice
Operational efficiency of forest energy supply chains in different operational environments
Trade credit dynamics during business cycles
Assessment of purchasing maturity in spare parts supply chain
The vast majority of international trade is supported by some form of trade financing--a specialized, sometimes complex form of financing that is poorly understood even by bankers and seasoned finance and treasury experts. This book takes the mystery out of trade and supply chain finance, providing a practical, straightforward overview of a discipline that is fundamental to the successful conduct of trade--trade that contributes to the creation of economic value, poverty reduction and international development, while increasing prosperity across the globe. The book suggests that every trade or supply chain finance solution, no matter how elaborate, addresses some combination of four elements: facilitation of secure and timely payment, effective mitigation of risk, provision of financing and liquidity, and facilitation of transactional and financial information flow. The book includes observations on the effective use of traditional mechanisms such as documentary letters of credit, as well as an overview of emerging supply chain finance solutions and programs, critical to the financing of strategic suppliers and other members of complex supply chain ecosystems. The important role of export credit agencies and international financial institutions is explored, and innovations such as the bank payment obligation are addressed in detail. This book is a valuable resource for practitioners, business executives, entrepreneurs and others involved in international commerce and trade and balances concept with practical insight, and can help protect the financial interests of companies pursuing opportunity in international markets.
Logistics : an integrated approach
Establishment of a supplier network, assurance of the future cooperation
The meaning of chaining for a single entrepreneur in furniture business : case: Stemma Oy
The purpose of this thesis is to determine whether the manufacturer's country image as well as its origin has any role or impact on consumers when they buy clothes. The study investigated how these factors have affected the consumers' preferences and behavior when they buy clothes. More specifically the research was to find out an answer to the following question: Does the manufacturers' country image have an impact on HAAGA-HELIA students when they buy branded clothes? For the research, researcher selected six Asian manufacturers' countries such as:  China, Philippines, Thailand, Bangladesh, India and Vietnam, and seven branded retail chains in Finland or international chain of retail brand shops i.e., H&M, Lindex, Kappahl, Dressman, Seppälä, Mango, and Zara. The theoretical framework was based on literature about country image, country of origin, consumer buying behavior and brand image. The research method was quantitative. The data was collected through an email survey that was sent to all English-speaking programmes students in HAAGA-HELIA University of Applied Sciences from 11.05.2009 to 12.06.2009. Altogether 1375 questionnaires were sent and a sample of 186 students' was received, the response rate being 13.5 percent. The main findings were the following: in the order of importance of factors, the country image and country of origin was considered as least important over other factors. Price emerged as the most important factor over others. However, significantly large percentages (44%) of respondents always checked the “made in country label” and only 14.6% never checks the label. The respondents considered that it is not important to look at the country of origin when purchasing something less expensive and when they buy things for their family and friends. There were significant variations in opinion, as to countries that were researched. The assessment of China was the highest for most factors consumers consider when buying clothes, followed by Thailand, India, Vietnam, Philippines and Bangladesh respectively. The retail brand H&M emerged as the most preferred brand in the research and Zara, Lindex, Mango, Seppälä, Kappahl and Dressman followed it respectively. The majority of the respondent's views were that the product's brand name determines the quality of the product and seek more information about the brand when they want to buy expensive goods. Consumers from this study do not consider having branded clothes important. In conclusion, the most important improvement suggestions will be beneficial for the countries mentioned above to improve their country image, which will help improve performance of their clothing industries in the international market.
Sold out : the true cost of supermarket shopping
Role of country image in consumers' decision making : a study of HAAGA-HELIA UAS students
Supply chain adaptation of Finnish companies in Chinese institutional environment
Inter-organizational cooperation with SAP systems : perspectives on logistics and service mangement
Global value chains in a postcrisis world : a development perspective
Family entrepreneurship in a retail chain : the grocer's household-enterprise complex
Gender equality in global value chains and the role of Aid for Trade in promoting gender equality and women’s employment in developing countries
E-business and e-commerce management : strategy, implementation and practice
This text offers a comprehensive introduction to the theory and practice of e-business and e-commerce management. The author, Dave Chaffey, brings his trademarks of authority, clarity of expression and teaching expertise to bear on a subject in which he actively lectures and consults.
Involving employees in six sigma : case ABB Oy, drives and controls
Decreasing work caused by supplier related non-conformities : Case KONE Industrial Ltd
"Customownership" - the S group's energy resource
Stakeholders as crisis communicators : flow of communication power from organizations to publics
Feasibility of commercial cargo shipping along the Northern Sea Route
E-business logistics, visions, innovations and research : Elo - E-Business Logistics technology programme 2002-2005
Applications of supply chain management and e-commerce research
The retail value chain : how to gain competitive advantage through efficient consumer response (ECR) strategies
Viability of part cargoes in tramp shipping company's routing and scheduling decisions
Grocers: the rise and rise of supermarket chains
The new economics of fast food
How does the level of distribution services of grocery retailers affect the consumer?
Studies on the utilization of electronic trading systems in supply chain management
Supermarket wars : global strategies for food retailers
Mastering the business of global trade : negotiating competitive advantage contractual best practices, Incoterms, and leveraging supply chain options
Comparison of Finnish and Russian students’ buying preferences in discount retail: Preliminary market research for Tokmanni
The United States of Wal-Mart
The grocers : the rise and the rise of the supermarket chains
Viability of e-commerce from a b2c case company perspective
Connecting cross-cultural studies with service design to adapt services to new markets : a case study at IKEA Alam Sutera, Jakarta
Performance measurement of logistics processes in project deliveries
To serve God and Wal-Mart : the making of Christian free enterprise
Sam Walton : made in America: my story
Who captures value in global supply chains? / : case Nokia N95 Smartphone
Post acquisition integration of the purchasing activities : case Zao Stroymaster, the subsidiary of Rautakesko ltd
Successful franchising
The state of logistics in Finnish wholesale companies
Developing the supply chain of a nanufacturing company
Who captures value in global supply chains? : case Nokia N95 smartphone
Values-based service for sustainable business : lessons from IKEA
The success of 7-Eleven Japan : discovering the secrets of the world's best-run convenience chain stores
Offshoring and outsourcing under demand uncertainty : a supply chain management analysis
Estonia as a potential target market for Lufthansa Cargo AG
Implementing programmes to improve safety and quality in fruit and vegetable supply chains : benefits and drawbacks : Latin American case studies
Essays on franchising in Finland : empirical findings on franchisors and franchisees, and their relationships
Summary.
Location, location, location : analyzing the retail environment
Flip-Flop : a journey through globalisation's backroads
Operations management : strategy and analysis
An introduction to franchising
The grocers : rise and rise of supermarket chains
Change of a hybrid organisation : a study of transformation of K-alliance
Making supply chain management work : design, implementation,partnerships, technology and profits
Global value chains : linking local producers from developing countries to international markets
All things must pass
Improving order fulfillment in an SME e-commerce company
Supply chain cybermastery : building high performance supply chains of the future
Farm equipment supply chains : guidelines for policy-makers and service providers: experiences from Kenya, Pakistan and Brazil
Wal-Mart : a history of Sam Walton's retail phenomenon
Private label : turning the retail brand threat into your biggest opportunity
Aid for trade at a glance 2013 : connecting to value chains
Franchising & licensing : two powerful ways to grow your business in any economy
Productivity dispersion : a case study in the Finnish retail trade
Improving purchasing process for small purchases at a manufacturing company in chemical industry
Topics in lean supply chain management
Proceedings of the International Conference on Quality Management in Supply Chains of Ornamentals : QMSCO2012 : Bangkok, Thailand February 21-24, 2012
Market analysis of shipping MBA programs
Creating Core Competence and an Expansion Plan for a Chinese Wellness Company in Finland
Much of your company’s success in global trade will be determined by how well you manage contracts and agreements for sale or purchase. Mastering the Business of Global Trade: Negotiating Competitive Advantage Contractual Best Practices, INCO Terms, and Leveraging Supply Chain Options explains the key elements any international business person must know, but more importantly, it also describes how to use negotiation skills, leveraged options, and Incoterms to extract the maximum benefits from your supply chain.
Retailing in the 21st century : current and future trends
Understanding value formation : a study of marketing communications practices at the food retailer ICA
Business-to-business customer survey and German market research : case company: Lehtosen Konepaja Oy
Mitigating uncertainty in logistics outsourcing with ERP systems
Retailisation : the here, there and everywhere of retail
Wal-Mart world : the world's biggest corporation in the global economy
Experience has shown that a basic prerequisite for successful mechanization of the agricultural sector requires a well-functioning supply chain. To draw lessons for achieving this goal, the FAO Rural Infrastructure and Agro-Industries Division commissioned three mechanization supply chain case studies. The studies were conducted in Kenya, Pakistan and Brazil and the information contained in them has been used as the basis for the analysis presented in this technical report. Historically, public sector efforts to supply mechanization services have often failed as costs greatly exceeded income and the maintenance of aging machinery fleets became too great a burden. However it is evident that the public sector does have a role to play in complementing the activities of the private sector in a synergistic partnership. The main role of the public sector is to have the vision of a national mechanization strategy and to cultivate an enabling environment which allows the private sector to operate effectively. One key possibility described in the report is that of linking equipment supply chains across continents. This is exemplified by an account of the evolution of no-till technology in Brazil which is now being successfully used by farmers in Asia and Africa. A key stakeholder in this supply chain development has been FAO in conjunction with the international donor community, as they have been in a position to take a holistic view to encourage private sector actors and so disseminate profitable mechanization technologies from one continent to another. The main recommendations of the technical report are aimed at policy makers in the public sector, although there is plenty of interest to other stakeholders, especially machinery suppliers and mechanization service providers. However the ultimate beneficiaries are small and medium scale farmers who are the recipients of the services provided.--Publisher's description.
Financing trade and international supply chains : commerce across borders, finance across frontiers
Towards more satisfied customers : the Salo-project : case: Siwa Kemi
Shopped : the shocking power of British supermarkets
Multidimensionality of actors in business networks : the influence of social action in pharmacy networks in Finland
Retailers’ strategic responses to institutional pressures: the case of Finnish multinational retailers in Russia
Wal-Mart : the face of twenty-first-century capitalism
The Wal-Mart triumph: inside the world's # 1 company
Abstract: This study discusses the supply chain of a small e-commerce company. The focus is on Supplier Relationship Management and procurement. The objective of this study was to give recommendations and suggestions for the case company to answer the current challenges and to improve the order fulfillment operations in order to avoid and eliminate risks. The research was conducted as a case study. The case study started with conducting a current state analysis of the case company's order fulfillment operations, including a process flow description. Challenges and risks were recognized based on this analysis. Data collection was based on interviews with case company employees working on the related operations. The researcher's own observations were also utilized as one method. Following the current state analysis a theoretical review on related topics was conducted. The topics discussed were Supply Chain Management, Procurement, E-procurement, Supplier relationship management, supplier acquisition and assessment and processes. This review was based on literature and earlier studies written on these topics.    Based on the findings from the theoretical practices and the current state of the order fulfillment recommendations were provided for the case company. The recommendations cover supplier measuring and assessment, demand consideration, supplier integration and establishing processes. These proposals were identified as the main areas of concentration in possible future improvement to be performed by the case company.
