http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18983 economic bonds
economic bonds
Comparative Sport Development : systems, participation and public policy
Japanese whaling : end of an era?
A bitter living : women, markets, and social capital in early modern Germany
Media ownership and agenda control : the hidden limits of the information age
Finance : servant or deceiver? : financialization at the crossroads
When originally published this was the first comprehensive account in English of the history of Japanese whaling, showing how it has given rise to a particular culture. The volume discusses what happens when that culture is threatened. At the same time ...
Culture matters : how values shape human progress
Corruption and democracy : political finances, conflicts of interest, lobbying, justice
Modern couples sharing money, sharing life
World out of balance : international relations and the challenge of American primacy
The aim of this book is to provide an overview of perspectives and approaches to sports development focusing on sport systems, sport participation and public policy towards sports. It includes twelve European countries covering all regions of Europe and eleven countries from around the globe. The objective is to present an overview of the diversity of approaches taken to sport development, focusing on the different sport systems and how sport is financed, the underlying applications of sport policy and how it is reflected in sport participation. This book takes a comparative approach which is reflected in each chapter following a similar structure. The diversity of sports systems in Europe and other continents and their (historical) context is shown. Thereby a range of policy approaches underpinning sport development around the world are presented, making it of interest to both academics and policy-makers concerned with sports economics and policy.
A bit on the side : politicians, who pays them? : an insider's guide
War, drugs, and media : arenas of conflict
Essays on the skill premium
Economic crisis in Europe : Causes, consequences and responses
The armchair economist : economics and everyday life
This changes everything : capitalism vs. the climate
Linking domestic and European politics : Finnish meps and the votes that shaped the 7th European parliament
Pentecostalism and development : churches, NGOs and social change in Africa
