http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18996 local newspapers
local newspapers
Images of our times : sixty years of photography from the Los Angeles times
Media policy for the 21st century in the United States and Western Europe
Regional newspaper in transition
Understanding the local media
Symbolic geography of media : identity formation and meaning marketing in Finnish regional press
Suomalainen : official publikation of the Suomi Conference of the Lutheran church in America
City politics and the press : journalists and the governing of Merseyside
Local journalism and local media : making the local news
Local Journalism : the decline of newspapers and the rise of digital media
Local government studies
Pulse St. Petersburg : English ed
The practice of newspaper ownership : fifty years of control and influence in the Swedish local press
Local governance
New media technologies are growing rapidly with massive investment around the world. Developments over the next few years will take media and telecommunications services to new fields of even greater appeal and diversity. The demand for a wider choice of television programming and advanced services is increasing rapidly along with advances in technology and policy and market changes. The main aspect of these developments is competition. Policy changes are designed to create an open and competitive market in order to significantly increase consumer choice. The evolving construction of national broadcast and telecom systems demonstrates the trajectory of media policies. It leads to the conclusion that all countries are heading in the same direction of adopting the common goal of a free market approach - according to which global policy objectives dominate the development of media systems and markets. Following the United States and the large media countries of Europe, commercialization spread across Europe and in other parts of the world. The result is that, in general, similar solutions to the development of new media have been chosen to address similar problems and opportunities posed by global policy-making and advanced technology - creating the new concept of global media policy. The book provides a comprehensive analysis of the structure that should dominate the 21st century, with a detailed explanation of the evolving nature of global issues. The main goal is to analyze the current and future technological and social trends, and data and statistics on the main forces and trends involved in global media policy support this. Although the book does not attempt to forecast the pace of this revolution, it provides the best possible means to examine media and telecommunications policies in different countries."--BOOK JACKET.
The modern Soviet man looks back : images and narratives of Soviet Karelia
Summary.
Abstract: The microclimates of the Kevo IBP (International Biological Programme) ecosystem study sites are discussed. Comparisons between the sites and the meteorological station are made by means of word models and regression and correlation analyses. Several ecologically meaningsful climatological data are given as monthly and other averages. General descriptions of the study sites are also given.
Characteristics of local media audiences
The provincial press and the community
Local government policy making
Williamson's Liverpool advertiser and mercantile chronicle
Americana 1925
Selection criteria of sport news in Finnish national and regional newspapers
Making local news
Latitude : university of Lapland magazine
Scales of space, place and money : discursive landscapes of regional inertia, identitity and economical change
Comparisons between the microclimates of the Kevo ecosystem study and the Kevo Meteorological Station
