http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18975 visual perceptions
visual perceptions
Foundations of cyclopean perception
The new visual neurosciences
Sublexical representations in visual word recognition
Perception as an integral part of the design process
Half-occlusion processing in stereoscopic vision
The astonishing hypothesis : the scientific search for the soul
Integrating heard and seen material in dyslexia : an event-related potential study
Proust was a neuroscientist
Vision : a computational investigation into the human representation and processing of visual information
Species, phantasms, and images : vision and medieval psychology in The Canterbury tales
Eye and brain : the psychology of seeing
Visual allusions : pictures on perception
Visual attention during decision-making in natural environments
Why red doesn't sound like a bell : understanding the feel of consciousness
Sensory cue integration
Web usability evaluation : using a contingent heuristic approach and eye gaze tracking for the usability evaluation of web sites
The visual world in memory
Interaction of object perception and visual attentional selection processes
Perception through experience
Coregistration of eye movements and EEG data : a methodological study
Seeing' happens effortlessly and yet is endlessly complex. One of the most fascinating aspects of visual perception is its stability and constancy. As we shift our gaze or move about the world, the light projected onto the retinas is constantly changing . Yet the surrounding objects appear stable in their properties. Psychologists have long been interested in constancies, exploring questions such as: How good is constancy? Is constancy a fact about how things look, or is it a product of our beliefs and judgments about how things look? How can the contents of visual experience be studied experimentally? Philosophers have also long been interested in characterizing visual experience, but have only recently become widely interested in the constancies. As psychologists and philosophers have interacted, new questions have arisen: If experience is not fundamentally of the retinal image, but does not always exhibit constancy, how should this intermediate state be described? Is a new taxonomy needed to classify the several types of visual experience elicited by the same object? Should we regard any departure from constancy as a failure of the visual system, or might such a departure be a reasonable or adaptive response? How do seeing and believing interact to yield our visual experience? 'Visual Experiences' explores size constancy and color constancy. It considers methodologies for studying conscious visual perception, efforts to describe visual experience in relation to constancy, what it means that constancy is not always perfect, and the conceptual resources needed for explaining visual experience. This interdisciplinary book is a valuable resource for both vision scientists and philosophers of mind.
Visual pattern analyzers
Neural mechanisms underlying conscious and unconscious vision : evidence from event-related potentials and transcranial magnetic simulation
The visual neurosciences : [volumes 1 and 2]
Summary in estonian. - 5 erip.
"The nature of attention is one of the oldest and most central problems in psychology. A huge amount of research has been produced on this subject in the last half century, especially on attention in the visual modality, but a general explanation has remained elusive. Many still view attention research as a field that is fundamentally fragmented. This book takes a different perspective and presents a unified theory of visual attention: the TVA model. The TVA model explains the many aspects of visual attention by just two mechanisms for selection of information: filtering and pigeonholing. These mechanisms are described in a set of simple equations, which allow TVA to mathematically model a large number of classical results in the attention literature. The theory explains psychological and neuroscientific findings by the same equations; TVA is a complete theory of visual attention, linking mind and brain. Aimed at advanced students and professional researchers, Principles of Visual Attention contains a detailed review of the most important research done on attention in vision, spanning cognitive psychology, brain imaging, patient studies, and recordings from single cells in the visual cortex. The book explains the TVA model and shows how it accounts for attentional effects observed across all the research areas described."--BOOK JACKET.
The role of early visual cortex (V1/V2) and feedback from V5/MT in concious and unconcious perception of visual motion : a transcranial magnetic stimulation study
Perception, action, and consciousness : sensorimotor dynamics and two visual systems
Polygonal images of circular stimuli
Optical illusions
Eye tracking the user experience : a practical guide
Orthogonal localization of visual objects : Some experiments on space perception
Mechanisms of processing visual motion information : psychophysical, bioelectrical and transcranial magnetic stimulation investigations
Investigating online reading with eye tracking and EEG : the influence of text format, reading task and parafoveal stimuli on reading processes
More optical illusions
Observing and influencing preferences in real time : gaze, morality and dynamic decision-making
Impossible heights : skyscrapers, flight, and the master builder
The scope and limits of implicit visual change detection
Two tomatoes one onion & an olive : photography : from attention to intention
Laws of seeing
Visual processing in the human cerebral cortex : neuromagnetic studies
Color vision : perspectives from different disciplines
Close your eyes and tell me what you see : [Göteborgs konstmuseum = Göteborgin taidemuseo = Gothenburg Museum of Art, 1.6.2011 - 21.8.2011 : Åbo Observatorium & Vattenlager = Vartiovuoren tähtitorni = The Old Observatory & Water Reservoir, Turku, 21.9.201 / [redaktör = toimittaja = editor Johan Sjöström ; texter = tekstit = texts Gunnar Broberg ... [et al.]]
Ways of seeing : the scope and limits of visual cognition
Visual experience : sensation, cognition, and constancy
The primate visual system
Vision and mind : selected readings in the philosophy of perception
Vision in echolocating bats
50 optical illusions
Optical illusions : The science of Visual Perception
The perception of the visual world
Spatial and temporal determinants of context modulation in human contrast perception
Gaze behaviour in a naturalistic steering task : optic flow, retinal flow and tangent point visual direction
At the fascinating frontiers of neurobiology, mathematics and psychophysics, this book addresses the problem of human and computer vision on the basis of cognitive modeling. After recalling the physics of light and its transformation through media and optics, Hérault presents the principles of the primate's visual system in terms of anatomy and functionality. Then, the neuronal circuitry of the retina is analyzed in terms of spatio-temporal filtering. This basic model is extended to the concept of neuromorphic circuits for motion processing and to the processing of color in the retina. For more in-depth studies, the adaptive non-linear properties of the photoreceptors and of ganglion cells are addressed, exhibiting all the power of the retinal pre-processing of images as a system of information cleaning suitable for further cortical processing. As a target of retinal information, the primary visual area is presented as a bank of filters able to extract valuable descriptors of images, suitable for categorization and recognition and also for local information extraction such as saliency and perspective. All along the book, many comparisons between the models and human perception are discussed as well as detailed applications to computer vision.
Biases in visual selective attention : trait anxious individuals avert their gaze from unpleasant stimuli
Attention in vision : perception, communication, and action
Perception
The art of optical illusions
Summary in estonian.
Visual thought : the depictive space of perception
Visual perception : physiology, psychology &  ecology
Cyborg & cyclops : the vision of man-machine
Active vision : the psychology of looking and seeing
Studies on apparent properties of inspection objects as determiners of figural after-effects
Painting with words, writing with pictures : word and image in the work of Italo Calvino
Neurobiology of infant vision
The intelligent eye
Doubting vision : film and the revelationist tradition
Illusions, patterns and pictures : a cross-cultural perspective
Manipulating 3D Objects with Gaze and Hand Gestures
Picture processing and phychopictorics : proceedings of a symposium on psychopictorics held at Arlington, Va., April 14-16, 1969
Drawing and painting from imagination utilizing non-classical techniques
Case studies in the neuropsychology of vision
Selective attention in vision
The visual brain in action
Changes in the length perception of paired lines during prolonged exposure
Interaction between visual perception and mental representations of imagery and memory in the early visual areas
The psychology of vision : a Royal society discussion organized by H. C. Longuet-Higgins and N. S. Sutherland held on 7 and 8 March 1979.
Perception of surface brightness
Selective attention for shape, colour and location : Prime it! Cue it! Expect it!
Dynamic visual attention to multiple moving objects
The contents of visual experience
Visual completion in an illusory figure
Visual attention and cognition
Perspective and other optical illusions
Theories of visual perception
Feature integration in human vision
High-level vision : object recognition and visual cognition
Current trends in eye tracking research
Vision and art : the biology of seeing / Margaret Livingstone ; foreword by David Hubel
Face recognition : cognitive and computanional processes
On seeing forms
Visual perception : an introduction
Critical spatial frequencies in the perception of the Kanizsa illusion
Eye movements : cognition and visual perception
Converging operations in the study of visual selective attention
Eye tracking in audiovisual translation
Orienting of social attention
Visual perception : physiology, psychology and ecology
Experience and veridical space perception : an ecological experiment
Visualisation of elevation information on maps : an eye movement study
Sight unseen : an exploration of conscious and unconscious vision
Real-world scene perception
Vision and brain : how the brain sees : new approaches to computer vision
Computation, cognition, and Pylyshyn
Simplicity in vision : a multidisciplinary account of perceptual organization
Backward masking and visual mismatch negativity: electrophysiological evidence for memory-based detection of deviant stimuli
The arts and the definition of the human : toward a philosophical anthropology
In the eye's mind : vision and the Helmholtz-Hering controversy
Dynamics of contour, object and face processing in the human visual cortex
Memory-related processing of explicit and implicit print advertisements : evidence from eye movements and EEG
Drawing & perceiving : real-world drawing for students of architecture and design
Blindspots : the many ways we cannot see
Human brain mechanisms of auditory and audiovisual selective attention
Vanities of the eye : vision in early modern European culture
Ionic mechanisms in mouse rod photoreceptor signaling
Principles of visual attention : linking mind and brain
The art and science of visual illusions
Aesthetic science : connecting minds, brains, and experience
Stereoscopic distortions as an artistic practice
Shakespeare's visual regime : tragedy, psychoanalysis and the gaze
Seeing studies : practicing praxis in graphic design
A case study of the effects of posthypnotic suggestion on visual information processing : measuring behaviour and event-related potentials
Pooling of elementary motion, colour, and orientation signals into global perception
About looking
Vision in context : historical and contemporary perspectives on sight / edited by: Teresa Brennan and Martin Jay
The developing visual brain
The magic of illusion
Global, local and facial perception and their relationship in Asperger syndrome
The mystery of the moon illusion : exploring size perception
More than one third of the human brain is devoted to the processes of seeing - vision is after all the main way in which we gather information about the world. But human vision is a dynamic process during which the eyes continually sample the environment. Where most books on vision consider it as a passive activity, this book is unique in focusing on vision as an 'active' process. It goes beyond most accounts of vision where the focus is on seeing, to provide an integrated account of seeing AND looking. The book starts by pointing out the weaknesses in our traditional approaches to vision and the reason we need this new approach. It then gives a thorough description of basic details of the visual and oculomotor systems necessary to understand active vision. The book goes on to show how this approach can give a new perspective on visual attention, and how the approach has progressed in the areas of visual orienting, reading, visual search, scene perception and neuropsychology. Finally, the book summarises progress by showing how this approach sheds new light on the old problem of how we maintain perception of a stable visual world. Written by two leading vision scientists, this book will be valuable for vision researchers and psychology students, from undergraduate level upwards.
Techniques of the observer : on vision and modernity in the nineteenth century / Jonathan Crary
Spatial and temporal selectivity of size-tuned mechanisms in human vision
Vision : images, signals and neural networks: models of neural processing in visual perception
Plasticity in the visual system : from genes to circuits
Trick of the eye : art and illusion
Eyes on the road : eye movements and the visual control of locomotion in curve driving
Signals and perception : the fundamentals of human sensation
The playful eye
Visual attention and cortical circuits
Does newly appearing visual object capture the attention of mentally preoccupied person?
Thinking and seeing : visual metacognition in adults and children
Horizontal -  vertical illusion : functional and causal issues
Modulation of the parieto-occipital alpha rhythm during object detection
A significance test for "The law comparative judgement"
Philosophy and the arts : seeing and believing / Andrew Harrison ; preface by: Ray Monk
Reading development during elementary school years : evidence from eye movements
The expanded eye : stalking the unseen : [Kunsthaus Zürich, 16.6. - 3.9.2006] / Bice Curiger ... [et al.]
Blindsight and the nature of consciousness
Tutorials in visual cognition
