http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18917 electron microscopy
electron microscopy
Cryopreparation of thin biological specimens for electron microscopy : methods and applications
Interactive effects of drought and ozone stress on the ultrastructure of birch leaves
Electron microscopy : a textbook for students of medicine and biology
Electron and ion microscopy and microanalysis : principles and applications
Transmission electron microscopy of materials
SEM-EDS and PIXE analyses of Medieval glass from the Museum Aboa Vetus in Turku
Electron microscopic concepts of secretion : ultrastructure of endocrine and reproductive organs
Ultrastructural changes of Fusobacterium nucleatum as a defense mechanism against human neutrophil peptide-1 : a transmission electron microscopy (TEM) study
Principles and techniques of electron microscopy : biological applications. Vol. 2
Scanning electron microscopy : physics of image formation and microanalysis
Advanced techniques in biological electron microscopy. 2, Specific ultrastructural probes
Parallel electron energy loss spectroscopy in materials science
Scanning and transmission electron microscopy : an introduction
Ultrastructural abnormalities in the vitreous body of the developing eyes in the transgenic mouse fetuses with a deletion in the pro Ó1(II) collagen chain
History of electron microscopes
Scanning electron microscopy and atomic force microscopy in fracture surface analysis of a bioceramic composite material
Structural studies of dielectric polymer nanocomposites
SEM studies of the Myxomycetes from the Penisula of Baja California (Mexico), III. Additions
Do whip scorpions have photoreceptors or aphrodisiacs in their legs?
Digital data acquisition and automated electron tomography in transmission electron micropscopy
Scandem 2007 : proceedings of the 58th annual Meeting of the Nordic Microscopy Society, Helsinki University of Technology, Espoo, Finland June 18-20, 2007
Understanding & optimising electron microscope performance. 1, Transmission microscopy
Abstract: Adhesive Bonds in The Car Industry.
Post-embryonic development of the lateral eye of Cloeon sp. (Ephemeroptera: Baetidae) as revealed by scanning electron microscopy
A scanning electron microscope atlas of the honey bee
Effects of ultraviolet-B radiation on the ultrastructure of Scots pine needles
Coexisting parallel and perpendicular orientations of smectic layers within copolymer lamellae in a shear aligned liquid crystalline diblock copolymer
Use of confocal and electron microscopy in studying the polarity and bone matrix handling in osteoclasts
Scanning electron microscopy in biology : a students' atlas on biological organization
Techniques for plant electron microscopy
Biomedical research applications of scanning electron microscopy. Vol. 2
Biomedical research applications of scanning electron microscopy. Vol. 1
Ultrastructure techniques for microorganisms
Transmission electron microscopy : physics of image formation and microanalysis
Digital image analysis in monitoring rye and wheat dough structure
Trees : contributions to modern tree physiology
Handbook of deep-sea hydrothermal vent fauna
Micro-art : art images in hidden world
Scanning electron microscopy and x-ray microanalysis
Introduction to analytical electron microscopy : proceedings of a workshop on analytical electron microscopy, held in San Antonio, TX, Aug. 13-14, 1979..
Kelvin Probe Force Microscopy (KPFM) characterization of lanthanum lutetium oxide high-k dielectric thin films
A structural investigation into the complexity of mesoporous silica crystals : from a view of curvature and micellar interaction to quasicrystallinity
The enzymatic degradation of thermoplastic starch/polycaprolactone blends examined by scanning electron microscopy
The microtomist's formulary and guide
Extended abstracts of the 50th annual Meeting of the Scandinavian Society for Electron Microscopy held at the Helsinki University of Technology, Otaniemi, Espoo and the University of Helsinki, Viikki Biocenter, Helsinki, Finland 7-10 June 1998
Electron beam analysis of materials
Scanning electron microscopy and energy production
Electron microscopy of enzymes : principles and methods. Vol. 3
Preparation of samples of metallurgical coke for optical and electron microscopy and electron probe microanalysis
Scanning electron microscopy and x-ray microanalysis : a text for biologists, materials scientists and geologists
Electron microscopy of enzymes : principles and methods. Vol. 1
Structures restricting imbibition in seeds of yellow cedar, Chamaecyparis nootkatensis (D.Don) Spach
Computer techniques for image processing in electron microscopy
Physical principles of electron microscopy : an introduction to TEM, SEM, and AEM
Redwares from Gubbacka's Medieval village : regional and inter-regional views on ceramic networks and technology (SEM-EDX)
A beginner's handbook in biological electron microscopy
Adhesive Bonds in Car Industry
Scanning microscopy for nanotechnology : techniques and applications
Positive staining for electron microscopy
Laboratory of Electron Microscopy 1968-1993
Fine structure of the kidney revealed by scanning electron-microscopy
Transmission electron microscopy of the fossil angiosperm exines
Modern developments and applications in microbeam analysis : proceedings of the 6th Workshop of the European Microbeam Analysis Society (EMAS) ,May 3-7, 1999, Konstanz, Germany
Glial cell staining in the compound eye of the cockroach : Lucifer Yellow uptake stimulated by visible light
Principles and techniques of electron microscopy : biological applications. Vol. 3
Electron microscopy II : 5th Asia-Pacific Electron Microscopy Conference, Beijing, China, 2-6 August 1992
Electron Microscopy 1994 : proceedings of the 13th International Congress on Electron Microscopy, held in Paris (France)-17-22 July 1994 : actes du 13ème Congrès international de microscopie electronique, tenu à Paris (France)-17-22 juillet 1994. Vol. 3A, Applications in biological sciences
Microprobe techniques in the earth sciences
Proceedings
Preparation and characterisation of refractory whiskers and selected alumina composites
Immunoelectron microscopy of animal cells
Modern developments and applications in microbeam analysis : proceedings of the 3rd Workshop of the European Microbeam Analysis Society (EMAS), held in Rimini, Italy, May 9-13, 1993
Techniques for electron microscopy
Electron Microscopy 92 : proceedings of the 10th European Congress on Electron Microscopy held in Granada, Spain, 7-11 September 1992. Vol. 1, General
Ultrastructure of biofilms formed by bacteria from industrial processes
Histochemical and electron microscopical observations on catecholamines in developing sympathetic ganglion
The principles and practice of electron microscopy
Electron energy-loss spectroscopy in the electron microscope
Electron Microscopy 1994 : proceedings of the 13th International Congress on Electron Microscopy, held in Paris (France)-17-22 July 1994 : actes du 13ème Congrès international de microscopie electronique, tenu à Paris (France)-17-22 juillet 1994. Vol. 1, Interdisciplinary developments and tools
Electron microscopy : a handbook for biologists
Preparation of nitrogen standard for EPMA
Electron microscopy of enzymes : principles and methods. Vol. 5
Structural properties of Si1-xGex layers formed by single-energy Ge+, double-energy Ge+ and Ge2+ ion implantations
Immunohistologic and electron microscopic study of allergic patch test reaction caused by methylhexahydrophthalic anhydride
Ultrastructural localization of monoclonal antibodies against Pneumocystis carinii
Bone resorbing osteoclasts reveal two basal plasma membrane domains and transcytosis of degraded matrix material
Electron Microscopy 1994 : proceedings of the 13th International Congress on Electron Microscopy, held in Paris (France)-17-22 July 1994 : actes du 13ème Congrès international de microscopie electronique, tenu à Paris (France)-17-22 juillet 1994. Vol. 2A, Applications in materials sciences
Collagen XVIII regulates basement membrane integrity : specific effects of its isoforms on the chroid plexus, kidney and hair follicle
Electron microscopy in extreme environments and under challenging conditions : examples from the tropics and Antarctica
Pollen and seed morphology of the genus Marrubium (Lamiaceae) in Turkey
Acid spreading whole mount electron microscopy (ASEM) of Drosophila salivary gland polytene chromosomes
Algorithms and software for biological multiscale image analysis
Biomedical electron microscopy : illustrated methods and interpretations
[EUREM 2000] : proceedings of the 12th European Congress on Electron Microscopy held in Brno, Czech Republic from 9th to 14th July 2000.. Vol. 3, Instrumentation and methodology
Electron cryo-microscopy studies of bacteriophage [phi]8 and archaeal virus SH1
Structure and winter hardening status of Scots pine needles at different K availabilities
Procedures in electron microscopy
[Extended abstracts]
Diagnostic electron microscopy of tumours
SEM and TEM images of some clay minerals : implications for their origin
Electron microscopy 92 : proceedings of the 10th European Congress on Electron Microscopy held in Granada, Spain, 7-11 September 1992. Vol. 3, Biological sciences
Cell death under the electron microscope : ultrastructural details of dying photoreceptors
Electron microscopy of enzymes : principles and methods. Vol. 4
Seed micromorphology of neotropical begonias
Principles and techniques of electron microscopy : biological applications. Vol. 1
Collagen XVIII regulates basement membrane integrity:specific effects of its isoforms on the choroid plexus, kidney and hair follicle
Immunohistochemistry
Microscopic techniques in biotechnology
Investigations of surface morphology, friction, elasticity and adhesion by SFM : examples from metallurgy, polymer science and biology
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
Electron microscopy and analysis
Using ultrathin LR white and cryosections on plant cell immunoelectron microscopy
Electron Microscopy 1994 : proceedings of the 13th International Congress on Electron Microscopy, held in Paris (France)-17-22 July 1994 : actes du 13ème Congrès international de microscopie electronique, tenu à Paris (France)-17-22 juillet 1994. Vol. 2B, Applications in materials sciences
X-ray microanalysis in the electron microscope
Scanning electron microscopy of the surface structure of seeds from the genus Epilobium in Fennoscandia for determining the species
Structural biology using electrons and X-rays : an introduction for biologists
Tiivistelmä: Adhesive Bonds in Car Industry.
A very rare discomycete, Octospora maireana, found in Finland
Selective staining of articular cartilage proteoglycans and collagen for computer-assisted electron microscopy
Ultrastructure and the biology of plant cells
Investigation and estimation of uncertainties in scanning probe microscopy
Practical scanning electron microscopy : electron and ion microprobe analysis
Transmission electron microscopy of quasicrystalline aluminium alloys
The surfaces of seeds from nineteen species of Epilobium in Fennoscandia were investigated with scanning electron microscope. The photographs were taken of seeds at magnifications of approximately 45 or 90 times, respectively, depending on the size of the seed. In addition, photographs of four times higher magnification were taken of the base of each seed, as well as detailed pictures of the seed surface at a magnification of about 560 times. In general, the photographs of the seeds were found to provide sufficient evidence to identify the species..
Quantitative methods in biology
Collagen network of the articular cartilage : ultrastructural stereologic analysis
Electron microprobe analysis
Development of novel probes for enterovirus B group to study uncoating and infection
Electron microscopy and plant ultrastructure
Principles and techniques of electron microscopy : biological applications
Electron crystallography
Microstructural principles of food processing & engineering
Transmission electron microscopy and diffractometry of materials
[EUREM 2000] : proceedings of the 12th European Congress on Electron Microscopy held in Brno, Czech Republic from 9th to 14th July 2000.. Vol. 1, Biological sciences
Functional interfaces in epitaxial YBa2Cu3O7- with artificial grain boundary junctions
High-resolution electron microscopy
EMAS 2003 : 8th European Workshop on Modern Developments and Applications in Microbeam Analysis, 18 to 22 May 2003 in the Hotel Valentin Sancti Petri, Chiclana de la Frontera (Cádiz), Spain : book of abstracts
Modern developments and applications in microbeam analysis : proceedings of the 7th Workshop of the European Microbeam Analysis Society (EMAS) ,May 6-10, 2001, [Tampere], Finland
Electron Microscopy 92 : proceedings of the 10th European Congress on Electron Microscopy held in Granada, Spain, 7-11 September 1992. Vol. 2, Material sciences
Development of an EBSD data analyzing software for microtexture and mesotexture studies in cubic materials
Osmiophilic reagents in electronmicroscopic histocytochemistry
Micro-art : art images in a hidden world
Electron microscopy : contrast and signal analysis
Biological electron microscopy : theory, techniques, and troubleshooting
Electron microprobe analysis and scanning electron microscopy in geology
Ultrastructural and functional characterization of myofibroblasts in lung diseases
Historical technology, materials and conservation : SEM and microanalysis
Ultraviolet colours in nordic butterflies
Thin sectioning and associated technics for electron microscopy
Structure and on-site formation of biofilms in paper machine water flow
Electron Microscopy 1994 : proceedings of the 13th International Congress on Electron Microscopy, held in Paris (France)-17-22 July 1994 : actes du 13ème Congrès international de microscopie electronique, tenu à Paris (France)-17-22 juillet 1994. Vol. 3B, Applications in biological sciences
Contrast formation, diffraction methods and chemical analysis in the study of spinodal decomposition of Cu-Ni-Sn alloys
Electron microscopy : principles and fundamentals
Microscopy and analysis
