http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18932 construction sector
construction sector
A Dictionary of Building
Mobile solutions and the construction industry : is it a working combination?
Ordbok for byggeindustrien : engelsk-norsk, norsk-engelsk = Glossary of terms used in the building industry : English-Norwegian, Norwegian-English
Reverse value added taxation was implemented in Finland on 1 April 2011 in order to minimize the impact of the black economy on the taxation in the construction industry and at the same time to improve the honest competitor's position. The purpose of this research was to investigate the effects of reverse value added taxation in the small individual enterprise operating in the construction industry.    The study showed that the VAT Act amendment did not have major effects on the operations of Teräsrunko Oy. The majority of the invoices sent to the com-pany are still charged by the old practice because the designers, suppliers, workshops, paintshops, transport companies and building rental agencies charge Teräsrunko Oy with VAT 23%. Teräsrunko Oy uses the rate of 0% VAT in invoicing if the sold service belongs to the sphere of reverse value added taxation. Key words: VAT, black economy,  construction industry, reverse value added taxation
Market review and study of success characteristics in construction companies : case: United States
Building & construction forum : JEC show composites 24.3.2009 : proceedings
Estonian building market : handbook
Quest for optimal working capital : The Case of FK RASZTER Building Inc.
Construction industry overview : a comparative study of the US, UK, Japan and Finland
Segmentation and entry strategies for the Baltic market
Developing a marketing plan : case company Rakennusliike Laaksokunnas Oy
Improving the efficiency of work flow process with BIM and integrated lean project delivery (ILPD)
Occupations in buildning rehabilitation and restoration in Belgium : survey
Enter : construction : ohjaajan materiaali
Encyclopedia of building and construction terms
Innovative culture : searching for innovativeness in a construction company
International journal of construction education and research
Markup and profit : a contractor's guide
Refurbishment and repair in construction
International Strategic Alliance Model : - A study of a Finnish construction company, Fira Oy, entering a new market.
Expert : English for construction workers
Changes in Eastern Europe - new business opportunities for Finnish construction and building materials industry : case markets: Czechoslovakia, Hungary, Poland : International Competitiveness of Construction and European Integration / Futum-project
Foundations for a good life : The Finnish Real Estate and Construction Cluster's Vision 2010. Report 2.
Clients’ role in construction innovation management process
BIM performance measurement
Well-being through construction in Finland 1999.
The inevitable change : why and how to modify the operational modes of the construction industry for the common good
Factors determining customer satisfaction with expert services : the case of home renovation services
The Finnish construction branch : markets and R & D
Competitive strategies in house-building industry : analysis of St. Petersburg market
Architectural security codes and guidelines : best practices for today's construction challenges
Strategies for the European construction sector : a programme for change
The economic efficiency of accommodation service PFI projects
Locked in Inferiority? : The Positions of Estonian Construction Workers in the Finnish Migrant Labour Regime
Be a successful building contractor
Bautechnisches Englisch im Bild = Illustrated technical German for builders
Employer's alteration of standard forms of contract : reasons and consequences
Management of construction & real estate industry in Germany
Systemic innovation in the management of construction projects and processes
Life cycle costing : LCC in Construction. New recommendations and future views
The Halland model : a trading zone for building conservation in consert with labour market policy and the construction industry, aiming at regional sustainable development
Build Lean : transforming construction using lean thinking
The stars shine down
Kuvitettu rakennussanakirja suomi-englanti-suomi = Illustrated building dictionary Finnish-English-Finnish
One good turn
Study of possible usage of Finnish building technology in Chinese building development
An end to the building slupm in Russia?
From drawing board to building site : working conditions quality economic performance
International Strategic Alliance Model : A study of a Finnish construction company, Fira Oy, entering a new market
How to enter the Russian construction market : business strategies for Oy RVP Niemelä AB
One shot
The implementation of building information modeling (BIM) : a process perspective
Introduction to health and safety in construction
Environmental assessment methods and its influence on the construction sector : market chnce or marketing campaign?
Tools and rules. Construction and surface treatment
Type approval in the building sector 2000
Development Discussions for Construction Workers as a Tool for Management by Key Results
Finn-Stroi oy 1972-1982 peruskivenä yhteistyö = A/O Finn-Stroj 1982 v osnove sotridinčestvo = Finn-Stroi oy 1972-1982 cooperation is the cornerstone
Can the EU budget support climate policy in Central and Eastern Europe?
Markets and institutions in real estate and construction
Balancing the building team : gender issues in the building professions
Abstract: Strategic alliance is considered today as a natural and common alternative to employ when a firm plans to enter a new market with a stable and secure basis. In fact strategic alliance is more preferred entry option compared to acquisitions around the world across all industries. In alliances, like in all international operations there are risks, however many theorists as well as companies have understood the value of operating with a partner. Fira Oy (further referred to as 'Fira'), a construction firm in Finland has realised the potential in new markets and has decided to execute this prospect through strategic alliance with a local partner. Fira has done market research particularly in the Swedish market. It is a usual path for a Finnish company to expand its operations into the neighbouring economy. Alliances have been studied theoretically and practically for years, yet still no clear model for success exists. This research ties the theoretical points of view with practise together to advice Fira in entering a new market through strategic alliance. The framework for the research is organised in the following manner: Different theoretical strategic alliance modes are compared to find the most suitable for Fira and its operations. The second part of the research is to construct a partner profile by analysing the strategic and cultural characteristics of Fira. A cultural analysis is conducted to show the viewpoint of the employees toward Fira's company culture. From the results a partner culture fitting Fira is identified. The profile includes the strategic goals as well as the strategic capabilities the partner has to have. The strategic capabilities are discovered through a value chain analysis. Furthermore, the complementary capabilities to be performed by the partner for the alliance are determined. The final part of this research is risk in alliances. As mentioned above, there is risk in all international operations. In alliances companies often think it is reduced by half since the partner is responsible for half of the risk. However, risks often increase in other operational and environmental elements, making the risk factor one of the most significant factors to be considered when entering an alliance. The objective of this research is to construct a strategic alliance model for Fira, a construction business entering the Swedish market. The framework forms a basis for any international strategic alliance Fira considers to join in the future.
Appraisal of the environmental technology in construction technology programme
Building-related income generation for women-lessons from experience
WQ-truss design according to Russian and European standards
The Penguin dictionary of building : cross-referenced to the Penguin dictionary of civil engineering
Curved and cambered glulam beams. Part 3, Constant amplitude fatigue tests
One good turn : a jolly murder mystery
A review on occupational health of the construction branch
Illustrated dictionary of building
Development of BIM project management application
Increasing customer number by using marketing plan : case Vesitaito Oy
Code of estimating practice
Quality management in construction projects
Project management for building construction : 35 years of innovation at Drees & Sommer
Type approval of building products
Construction can! : ENCORD's programme for RTD&ID
TR : safety supervision on the building site
Socioeconomic evaluation of megaprojects : dealing with uncertainties
Interfacing Building Information Modeling with Enterprise Resource Planning in construction management
Organization of an international complex design project
The Dark side of international business? : stakeholder approach to human trafficking in finnish service and construction sectors
Applicant attraction strategies from an organizational perspective : attraction of middle-skilled employees from Russia to the Finnish construction industry
Risk management in civil, mechanical and structure engineering : proceedings of the conference organized by the Health and safety Executive in co-operation with the Institution of Civil Engineers, and held in London on 22 february 1995
Building information modelling for an improved design quality and efficiency in construction projects
Construction sector : the development of SME business in Northern Russia = Sektor stroitel'stva : razvitie malogo i srednego biznesa na Severe Rossii
How to Enter the Russian Construction Market : Business Strategies for Oy RVP Niemelä AB
Risk analysis in project management
Finnish building - at home and abroad
Refurbishment and repair accounts for approximately 50% of annual construction turnover. It is therefore essential that practitioners and those students who aspire to work in this sector are equipped with the best tools to do the job. This book has been produced to fill that gap in construction literature. The nature of refurbishment and repair is different from new build since it is necessary to work within the constraints of an existing situation. The structure may have been built to standards not recognised today. Guidance is provided to deal with such situations and how to assess the residual life of a refurbished or repaired building. It is essential for those involved in this type of work to have knowledge of the structure under consideration. Failiure to investigate the history of existing developments may add considerably to the cost of construction, and in an extreme circumstance, structural collapse and loss of life. This book proceeds logically through the reasons to consider refurbishment and repair and offers advice on risks, discovery, contracts, materials, learning from the past and legal restraints. Best practice is illustrated by a series of case studies. Extensive bibliographies have been provided to assist those with the need for further research.
Build up your English
Decision-making by construction companies on locking products and competitor analysis of the locking markets in St. Petersburg
LCC & service life planning : ISO15686 is coming
Anglo-russkij stroitel'nyj slovar' = English-Russian dictionary of construction
Civil engineering practice : an introduction
Construction safety management
Collapse of the Russian building sector
Accident risks and preventive measures in materials handling at construction sites
Construction industry in Malaysia
The development  and use of off-site construction techniques and its role in design quality in the indian construstion industry
Enter : electricity and electronics
Creating a strategic business plan for a Nepalese construction company: a case study of Jhapali International Engineering and Builders
Dictionary of building
Russian-English dictionary of prestressed concrete and concrete construction
Abstract: Decision-making by construction companies on locking products and competitor analysis of the locking markets in St. Petersburg.
Systematic workplace survey : health and safety hazards in the construction industry
Enhancing customer experience in the construction industry : a case study for Rautaruukki
Enter : construction
Prime Minister Kalevi Sorsa addressing, on behalf of the Finnish Government, the General Assembly of the International European Construction Federation, FIEC, in Helsinki, May 30, 1986.
A labor leasing company's possibilities to succeed in leasing blue collars in the Oulu region : case : Eilakaisla
Well-being through construction in Finland 1998.
Knowledge sharing in Chinese construction industry : the case of Beijing Construction Engineering Group Co., Ltd. and Li Fan Enterprise Co., Ltd
Well-being through construction in Finland 1997.
Tools and rules. Construction and surface treatment : opettajan opas
Strategic decisions in computer aided design development
Ukraine as a market area for Finnish construction companies
