http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1899 systems of upbringing
systems of upbringing
Technical assistance to the Federated States of Micronesia for the education and skills development project
Complexity theory and the philosophy of education
Pedagogy of the oppressed
International handbook of education systems. Vol. 3, Asia, Australasia and Latin America
An introduction to  Steiner education : the Waldorf school
Principles and practice of teaching
Aims and objectives of Islamic education
Summerhill : a radical approach to child rearing
The common vision : parenting and educating for wholeness
Foundations of educational thought. Vol. 2, Modern (1932-1979)
Education in Finland
Crisis in Muslim education
This book re-examines aspects of historical socialism, and includes case studies of education within twenty-first century socialist and post-socialist contexts shaped by the trajectories of historical socialism. Through these case studies, contributions offer insights into key questions: How are education systems and student subjectivities shaped by post-socialist trajectories and current regional politics, economics and resistance movements? How do sedimented socialist discourses and geographies alter and contest the 'neoliberal child' and 'childhood' in post-socialist education? How have disjunctures between the rhetoric of historical Marxism-Leninism and the practices of educators, students and student political organizations played out under socialism, and what could we learn from that for our present? How much emancipatory potential is there in the theories and practices of (popular) education for combatting injustice in the absence of mass, revolutionary political parties? Above all, this volume affirms the need to move beyond simplistic accounts of historical socialism and post-socialist transitions. By exploring how socialist trajectories remain influential and have potential in our current contexts, this book contributes to the work of politically engaged educators working to re-imagine and reconstruct education. This book was originally published as a special issue of Globalisation, Societies and Education.
Theories of childhood : an introduction to Dewey, Montessori, Erikson, Piaget, and Vygotsky
Education in/for socialism : historical, current and future perspectives
Letters to Cristina : reflections on my life and work
Collaborate or compete? : educational partnerships in a market economy
Authentic childhood : exploring Reggio Emilia in the classroom
The Montessori method
Comparing special education : origins to contemporary paradoxes
Pestalozzi in China : International Academic Symposium on the occasion of the publication of Johann Heinrich Pestalozzi's selected works in Chinese, Beijing, 10-14 October 1994 : dokumentation
Introduction : education and the making of the Nordic welfare states
Educating through art : the Steiner school approach
Bringing Reggio Emilia home : an innovative approach to early childhood education
The Montessori method : scientific pedagogy as applied to child education in "The children's houses" with additions and revisions by the author
Education science in Latvia (Comparative research and measurements)
Montessori today : a comprehensive approach to education from birth to adulthood
Education from a national standpoint
Approaches to early childhood education
The IEA study of computers in education : implementation of an innovation in 21 education systems
From religious instruction to school education : elementary education and the significance of ambulatory schools in rural Finland at the end of the 19th century
The disciplined mind : beyond facts and standardized tests, the K-12 education that every child deserves
Education in transition : international perspectives on the politics and processes of change
The sociology of education in Canada : critical perspectives
The Dalton School : the transformation of a progressive school
Rudolf Steiner on education : a compendium
Radical freedom : an encounter of A. S. Neill and Jean-Paul Sartre
Education policy and alternative pedagogies in Finland 1950-1995
Sociology of education : a critical reader
Pestalozzi : his life and work
Knowledge transmission processes at school in Finland and in Czechoslovakia : state-of-the-art analyses, research reviews and study reports
The adolescent at school : experiments in education
At the heart of Montessori. 6, the adolescent (12+ years)
Friedrich Fröbel : his life, times & significance
Freire, teaching, and learning : culture circles across contexts
Education for human development : understanding Montessori
The way of a child
The making of the Soviet citizen : character formation and civic training in Soviet education
The Finnish education mystery : historical and sociolocal essays on schooling in Finland
Reckoning with the past : teaching history in Northern Ireland
Marte Meo : basic manual
Technical assistance to the Republic of Indonesia for the development of Madrasah Aliyahs project
Comparative education : a study of educational factors and traditions
Experimenting with the world : John Dewey and the early childhood classroom
Education in Africa. Vol. 4, Decolonizing the African mind
How to raise an amazing child  : the Montessori way to bring up caring, confident children
At the heart of Montessori. 5, the elementary school child (6-12 years)
The essential Montessori : an introduction to the woman, the writings, the method, and the movement
At the heart of Montessori. 4, the pre-school child (3-6 years)
Comparative educational systems
The Montessori elementary material
Key concepts in early childhood education and care
Raising curious, creative, confident kids : the Pestalozzi experiment in child-based education
Teachers as cultural workers : letters to those who dare teach
Children of the Revolution : communist childhood in cold war Britain
At the heart of Montessori. 1, core principles
Education through work : a model for child-centered learning
International handbook of comparative education. Part 2
At the heart of Montessori. 2, core principles in action
Dr. Montessori's own handbook
Education in western Europe : facts & figures
International handbook of education systems. Vol. 1, Europe and Canada
Two worlds of childhood : U.S. and U.S.S.R
Foot in the door? A study of educational reforms and national development in the present-day Republic of Serbia
Soviet education : Anton Makarenko and the years of experiment
Can the Japanese change their education system?
Summary.
Rudolf Steiner : his life and work
The advanced Montessori method : scientific pedagogy as applied to the education of children from seven to eleven years. 2, The Montessori elementary material
The new Summerhill
Framed against the background of educational change, this book proposes to examine the relationship between curriculum change, teacher professional development, policy reform and the processes of educational change. The main aims of the book are to: . Focus on educational changes and reconstruction in transitional societies that have undergone political, economic and social change in the past two decades . Provide a forum for the dissemination of research on education reconstruction and reform in transitional societies . Disseminate ideas that enhance both the practical and theoretical aspects of educational changes in these societies . Further knowledge and understanding of emerging trends and issues in education in these societies . Reflect the realities of educational scenarios in each transitional society. The book presents an in-depth exploration of educational reconstruction in 15 transitional societies. In each chapter, the authors have provided an overview of educational processes in the country, a distillation of education change or reform, and/or reconstruction in each transitional society. Collectively, the chapters in the book have attempted to contribute to a better understanding of the educational system in respective countries by identifying the challenges and obstacles, the policy implications, the teacher professional development needs and curriculum reform efforts.
Education Reform in Societies in Transition : International Perspectives
Education and science
Towards experiential philosophy
Maria Montessori : her life and work
Technical assistance to the Kingdom of Nepal for the education and health sectors assistance strategy study
The Montessori method : scientific pedagogy as applied to child education in "the children's houses" with additions and revisions by the author
The essential Montessori
Dewey's laboratory school : lessons for today
Chinese science education : a comparative study of achievement in secondary schools related to student, home and school factors
Children of the Kibbutz
Essays on world education : the crisis of supply and demand
Education for the world of to-morrow
Reshaping the future : education and postconflict reconstruction
Crossroads in Russia : experiences in educational co-operation
At the heart of Montessori. 3, the infant toddler (0-3 years)
Education for a new world
Provision of health care and education in transitional Asia : key issues and lessons from Vietnam
Progressive education across the continents
The spiritual hunger of the modern child : a series of the lectures
Soviet education in the 1980s
The experimental didactics of Ernst Otto
Special needs education in Nicaragua : a study of the prevalence of children with disabilities in primary schools and the factors affecting their successful participation
The Routledge international encyclopedia of education
Bringing the Froebel approach to your early years practice
Education as contested terrain : Nicaragua, 1979-1993
In dialogue with Reggio Emilia : listening, researching and learning
International handbook of education systems. Vol. 2, Sub-Saharan Africa
A vision for universal preschool education
Finnish education has been a focus of global interest since its first PISA success in 2001. After years of superficial celebration, astonishment and educational tourism, the focus has recently shifted to what is possibly the most interesting element of this Finnish success story: that Finnish schools have been effectively applying methods that go against the flow of global education policy with no testing, no inspection, no hard evaluation, no detailed national curriculum, no accountability and no hard competition. From a historical and sociological perspective the Finnish case is not merely a linear success story, but is part of a controversial and paradoxical struggle towards Utopia: towards egalitarian schooling. Bringing together a collection of essays by Hannu Simola and his colleagues, this book analyses the key dimensions of schooling in Finland to provide a critical, analytical and uncompromising picture of the Finnish education system. Going beyond the story of success, the book reveals the complexities of educational change, but also identifies opportunities and alternatives for smart political action in complex and trans-national societies. Including a selection of key chapters on Finnish education policy and governance, teacher education and classroom cultures, the book will be of interest to researchers, academics and postgraduate students in comparative education, teacher education, educational policy and educational reform.
The dynamics and social outcomes of education systems
Children of two tomorrows : a comparative study of child-rearing and socialization in China and the kibbutz
Bringing the Montessori approach to your early years practice
The Sudbury Valley School experience
Everywhere all the time : a new deschooling reader
From childhood to adolescence : including "Erdkinder" and the functions of the university
