http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18959 calcaneal tendon
calcaneal tendon Achilles tendon
Articles covered in this title include: "Functional Anatomy of the Gastroc-Soleus Complex and Achilles Tendon", "Insertional Achilles Tendinosis and Posterior Heel Pain Pathology", "Non-Insertional Achilles Tendinosis Conservative", "Non-Surgical Management of Achilles Tendon Ruptures", "Acute Open Repair of the Ruptures Achilles Tendon", "Minimal Incision Techniques for Acute Achilles Repair", "Rehabilitation of the Achilles Tendon", "Tendon Transfers for Achilles Reconstruction", "Management of Chronic Achilles Deficiency", "Complications of Achilles Tendon Surgery", "Achilles Lengthening Procedures - Indications, Techniques", "Emerging Techniques", and "Posterior Calf Injury and Pain (conditions that mimic Achilles disorders)".
The Achilles tendon : treatment and rehabilitation
Magnetic resonance imaging of Achilles tendon : with special reference to normal appearance, chronic disorders and postoperative total ruptures
Acute Achilles tendon rupture : epidemiology and treatment
The Achilles tendon
Achilles tendon rupture : comparison of two surgical techniques, evaluation of outcomes after complications and biochemical and histological analyses of collagen type I and III and tenascin-C expression in the Achilles tendon
Badminton and the Achilles tendon
Summary.
Achilles tendon overuse injuries : diagnosis and treatment
Achilles tendon rupture, with special reference to epidemiology and results of surgery
Achilles tendon
The Achilles tendon is the strongest and largest of human tendons, and its proper function is essential for normal gait. Most acute Achilles tendon injuries occur during sports, particularly in ball games. The purposes of this study were (1) to examine the incidence of total Achilles tendon rupture (ATR) over a 33-year period in the city of Oulu and to investigate its changes with respect to age, sex, and injury mechanism. (2) to compare ≥10-year outcomes of two postoperative regimens after ATR repair: early weightbearing with early mobilization versus early weightbearing with early immobilization in tension, (3) to compare clinical outcome and calf muscle strength recovery after conservative treatment or open surgical repair of acute ATR, followed by identical accelerated rehabilitation programs. The overall incidence per 100 000 person years increased from 2.1 in 1979 to 21.5 in 2011. The incidence increased in all age groups. The incidence of sports-related ruptures increased during the second 11-year period, whereas the incidence of non-sports-related ruptures increased steadily over the entire study period. Early mobilization and immobilization in tension after ATR repair resulted in similar clinical outcomes and isokinetic strengths. Regardless of patient satisfaction with the operative treatment, calf muscle strength did not recover normally, even at the 10-year follow-up. Surgery and conservative treatment of acute ATR resulted in similar Achilles tendon performance score after 18 months, but surgery restored calf muscle strength earlier. Surgery also resulted in better health-related quality of life in the domains of physical functioning and bodily pain. Conservative treatment with a functional protocol is recommended for a large majority of patients. However, patients with high physical expectations could still benefit from operative treatment. In conclusion, the incidence of ATR is rising, postoperative immobilization and early mobilization result in similar long-term results in terms of the Achilles tendon performance score and calf muscle function, and conservative treatment with a functional protocol is the preferred treatment for the majority of patients.
Achilles tendon behaviour and contribution to work in drop jumps with different rebound intensities
Outcome of total Achilles tendon rupture repair, with special reference to suture materials and postoperative treatment
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
Effects of ageing on Achilles tendon properties and triceps surae muscle architecture in vivo
Structure and function of human triceps surae muscle and tendon in aging
"The Achilles Tendon" provides a learned practical well-referenced approach to the various manifestations of achilles tendinopathy, giving illustrated details of management of the conditions depicted. From simple achilles tendinopathy through to acute rupture of the achilles tendon, the authors provide a key reference to all involved in the management of these patients. Delving not only into the anatomy, biomechanics and diagnosis of achilles tendon medicine but also into the management options open to orthopedic surgeons, sports physicians and physiotherapists, no other title has gone into such detail to identify the past, present and future options for the management of achilles tendon injuries.
This techniques-oriented text is a comprehensive guide to managing Achilles tendon problems. Readers learn the latest less invasive and nonoperative treatment approaches, in addition to traditional treatments, from internationally renowned contributors. Introductory chapters provide essential background on basic anatomy, physiology, and pathomechanics. Subsequent sections cover the spectrum of Achilles tendon injuries. Acute and chronic conditions are addressed, as well as problems specific to both adolescents and adults. The book also takes a practical approach to sports training in relation to the role of the Achilles. Rehabilitation is highlighted with an emphasis on quicker return to play. Case studies tie the book together and aid with the ready application of concepts to daily practice.
Calf muscle activation strategies in healthy and injured achilles tendon conditions
Carboxyterminal telopeptide structures of type I collagen in various human tissues
Release your pain : resolving repetitive strain injuries with active release techniques
Achilles tendon viscoelastic properties and mechanical responses to a single bout of exercise
