http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1894 migration of peoples
migration of peoples
Peregrinatio Gothica III : Fredrikstad, Norway, 1991
History of civilizations of Central Asia. Volume 4, The age of achievement: A.D. 750 to the end of fifteenth century : part 1 The historical, social and economic setting
Under the wolf's nest : a Turkic rhapsody
Wallfahrten in der europäischen Kultur : Tagungsband Příbram, 26.-29. Mai 2004 = Pilgrimage in European culture : proceedings of the symposium Příbram, May 26th-29th 2004
The fall of Rome : and the end of civilization
European migrants, diasporas and indigenous ethnic minorities
A history of the later Roman empire, AD 284-641 : the transformation of the ancient world
The source of liberty : the Nordic contribution to Europe : an anthology
On foot : a history of walking
Diaspora vs. Völkerwanderung : the Orang Ulu apparition
Reconquest and crusade in medieval Spain
Greeks, Romans, and barbarians : spheres of interaction
Gothic connections : contacts between eastern Scandinavia and the southern Baltic coast 1000 BC - 500 AD
The people
Ancestral journeys : the peopling of Europe from the first venturers to the Vikings
The Lombards : the ancient Longobards
Western Amazonia = Amazônia ocidental : multidisciplinary studies on ancient expansionistic movements, fortifications and sedentary life
History of civilizations of Central Asia. Volume 2, The development of sedentary and nomadic civilizations : 700 B.C. to A.D. 250
Diasporas and ethnic migrants : Germany, Israel, and post-Soviet successor states in comparative perspective
The Germanic invasions : the making of Europe, AD 400-600
Barbarian migrations and the Roman West, 376-568
The Alamanni and Rome 213-496 (Caracalla to Clovis)
The fall of Rome and the end of civilization
Empires and barbarians : the fall of Rome and the birth of Europe
Vicious barbarian invasions during the fifth century resulted in the cataclysmic end of the world's most powerful civilization, and a 'dark age' for its conquered peoples. Or did it? The dominant view of this period today is that the 'fall of Rome' was a largely peaceful transition to Germanic rule, and the start of a positive cultural transformation. Bryan Ward-Perkins encourages every reader to think again by reclaiming the drama and violence of the last days of the Roman world, and reminding us of the very real horrors of barbarian occupation. Attacking new sources with relish and making use of a range of contemporary archaeological evidence, he looks at both the wider explanations for the disintegration of the Roman world and also the consequences for the lives of everyday Romans, in a world of economic collapse, marauding barbarians, and the rise of a new religious orthodoxy. He also looks at how and why successive generations have understood this period differently, and why the story is still so significant today.
The narrators of barbarian history (A.D. 550-800) : Jordanes, Gregory of Tours, Bede, and Paul the Deacon
The Goths
The Philistines and Aegean migration at the end of the late Bronze Age
Foreigners in early Medieval Europe : thirteen international studies on early Medieval mobility
The grapes of wrath
The Middle East : 2000 years of history from the rise of Christianity to the present day
Barbarian tides : the migration age and the later Roman Empire
Goths and Romans, 332-489
Strategies of distinction : the construction of ethnic communities, 300-800
Past human migrations in East Asia : matching archaeology, linguistics and genetics
Prehistoric journeys
Kingdoms of the Empire : the integration of barbarians in late Antiquity
From Roman provinces to medieval kingdoms
"Here is a fresh, provocative look at how a recognizable Europe came into being in the first millennium AD. With sharp analytic insight, Peter Heather explores the dynamics of migration and social and economic interaction that changed two vastly different worlds--the undeveloped barbarian world and the sophisticated Roman Empire--into remarkably similar societies and states. The book's vivid narrative begins at the time of Christ, when the Mediterranean circle, newly united under the Romans, hosted a politically sophisticated, economically advanced, and culturally developed civilization--one with philosophy, banking, professional armies, literature, stunning architecture, even garbage collection. The rest of Europe, meanwhile, was home to subsistence farmers living in small groups, dominated largely by Germanic speakers. Although having some iron tools and weapons, these mostly illiterate peoples worked mainly in wood and never built in stone. The farther east one went, the simpler it became: fewer iron tools and ever less productive economies. And yet ten centuries later, from the Atlantic to the Urals, the European world had turned. Slavic speakers had largely superseded Germanic speakers in central and Eastern Europe, literacy was growing, Christianity had spread, and most fundamentally, Mediterranean supremacy was broken. The emergence of larger and stronger states in the north and east had, by the year 1000, brought patterns of human organization into much greater homogeneity across the continent. Barbarian Europe was barbarian no longer. Bringing the whole of first millennium European history together for the first time, and challenging current arguments that migration played but a tiny role in this unfolding narrative, Empires and Barbarians views the destruction of the ancient world order in the light of modern migration and globalization patterns. The result is a compelling, nuanced, and integrated view of how the foundations of modern Europe were laid"--Provided by publisher.
The role of migration in the history of the Eurasian steppe : sedentary civilization vs. "barbarian" and nomad
Arians and vandals of the 4th-6th centuries : annotated translations of the historical works by Bishops Victor of Vita (Historia Perseccuitionis Africanae Provinciae) and Victor of Tonnena (Chronicon), and of the religious works by Bishop Victor of Cartenna (De Paenitentia) and Saints Ambrose (De Fide Orthodoxa contra Arianos), and Athanasius (Expositio Fidei)
This book presents a historical study of the Roman Empire in Late Antiquity from the accession of the emperor Diocletian 284 to the death of the emperor Heraclius in 641.
History of the Goths
The middle east : 2000 years of history from the rise of christianity to the present day
"At the start of the first millennium AD, southern and western Europe formed part of the Mediterranean-based Roman Empire, the largest state western Eurasia has ever known, and was set firmly on a trajectory towards towns, writing, mosaics, and central heating. Central, northern and eastern Europe was home to subsistence farmers, living in wooden houses with mud floors, whose largest political units weighed in at no more than a few thousand people. By the year 1000, Mediterranean domination of the European landscape had been destroyed. Instead of one huge Empire facing loosely organized subsistence farmers, Europe - from the Atlantic almost to the Urals - was home to an interacting commonwealth of Christian states, many of which are still with us today. This book tells the story of the transformations which changed western Eurasia forever: of the birth of Europe itself"--Provided by publisher.
Mounted archers : the beginning of Central Asian history
Encyclopedia of barbarian Europe : society in transformation
How the barbarian innovations shaped the modern world : the vikings, vandals, huns, mongols, goths, and tartars who razed the old world and formed the new
Eastern Central Europe in the early Middle Ages : conflicts, migrations and ethnic processes
The archaeology of social boundaries
The Hungarians cross the Carpathians
