http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18973 guardian spirits
guardian spirits
Thomas the Rhymer : a romance
The life of elves
The return of the king
Late eclipses : an October Daye novel
A time of exile : a novel of the Westlands
City of bones
Darkfever : a MacKayla Lane novel
Elfquest : the final quest. Volume 2
Baptism of fire
Once broken faith
The complete Elfquest. Volume two
Small favor : a novel of the Dresden files
Faefever : a MacKayla Lane novel
The companions
Shadowheart
Beyond the mists of Katura
An artificial night : an October Daye novel
Daughter of the drow : a novel of the underdark
The fellowship of the ring : being the first part of The lord of the rings
Elfsorrow
Tithe : a modern faerie tale
ElfQuest : the final quest. volume 2 / by Wendy and Richard Pini ; colors by Sonny Strait ; letters by Nate Piekos of Blambot
Legacy of the drow
The complete Elfquest. Volume three
Tollins : explosive tales for children
Strangeness and charm
A red-rose chain : an October Daye novel
Wheels of fire : a novel of the SERRAted Edge
The story of the root-children
Ironside : a modern faerie tale
Silky and the everlasting candel
Blood of elves
Summoned to tourney : an urban fantasy
Sword of destiny
The sword of Albion
New blood : original visions of Elfquest
Once a hero
The peculiar
The scar-crow men
The fever series
The chronicles of Malus Darkblade. Volume 2
The palace of the High Ones is changing the elves. Cutter's daughter Ember and her tribe must fight off the tyrant Angrif Djun.
The inquisition
The shepherd's crown
Oz : the wonderful wizard of Oz
Katie the kitten fairy
It is time. Sunstream, son of Wolfrider chief Cutter Kinseeker, finally fulfills his destiny and becomes the psychic link among all the elfin tribes scattered across the World of Two Moons. At long last, the seeds planted 20,000 years ago in the original, classic Quest can come to fruition. But a devastating secret, long hidden in plain sight, is also moving into the light. When the full impact of this revelation becomes known, it will affect the entire elfin race forever.
Rosa and the magic dream
Elfquest bedtime stories : new old favorite tales
Elfhome
The princess in the forest
The Barefoot book of fairies : nature spirits from around the world
A Kiss of Shadows
Fairies and elves
Fairies and Elves
Rosemary and rue : an October Daye novel
Born to run : a novel of the Serrated Edge
For generations, the elves sought a safe haven against all who would do them harm. But the dream that Chief Cutter and his Wolfriders fought and died for, the Palace of the High Ones, may be the very thing destroying them. The skills that helped them survive the harsh world are fading, and there is a growing threat from a tyrant obsessed with exterminating all elves--creating a disastrous brew that must surely boil over.
European fairy tales
Wicked : the life and times of the wicked witch of the West
The Goblin Emperor
The devil's looking glass
Dreamfever
Iced
Stella : fairy of the forest
Charon's claw
The complete elfquest. Volume three
A local habitation : an October Daye novel
Arthur Spiderwick's field guide to the fantastical world around you
The chronicles of Malus Darkblade. Volume 1
The Legend of Zelda : a Link to the past
Smith of Wootton Major
The iron queen
The long Earth
The fairy tradition in Britain
Witch wraith
The wee free men
The winter long : an October Daye novel
Elves : war-fighting manual
The island of blood
Chimes at midnight : an October Daye novel
Melody and the gemini locketel
The ring of Solomon
The road to Bedlam
Tiny epic kingdoms
The whatnot
Politics have never been Toby Daye's strong suit. When she traveled to the Kingdom of Silences to prevent them from going to war with her home, the Kingdom of the Mists, she wasn't expecting to return with a cure for elf-shot and a whole new set of political headaches. Now the events she unwittingly set in motion could change the balance of modern Faerie forever, and she has been ordered to appear before a historic convocation of monarchs, hosted by Queen Windermere in the Mists and overseen by the High King and Queen themselves. Naturally, things have barely gotten underway when the first dead body shows up. As the only changeling in attendance, Toby is already the target of suspicion and hostility. Now she needs to find a killer before they can strike again - and with the doors locked to keep the guilty from escaping, no one is safe. As danger draws ever closer to her allies and the people she loves best, Toby will have to race against time to prevent the total political destabilization of the West Coast and to get the convocation back on track ...and if she fails, the cure for elf-shot may be buried forever, along with the victims she was too slow to save.
American ghosts & old world wonders
Shadowfever
One boy's power to summon demons will change the fate of an empire.
Ashes of honor : an October Daye novel
When the bough breaks : a novel of the SERRAted edge
The complete Elfquest. Volume one
Once walked with gods
Sixty-one nails
The time of contempt
Elfquest.. Book four ..
A red-rose chain : a Toby Daye novel
The Ring of Solomon
Entice
Rise of the TaiGethen
Elfquest : the final quest. Volume 1
Rosa and the three wishes
ElfQuest : the final quest. volume 1 / by Wendy and Richard Pini ; colors by Sonny Strait ; letters by Nate Piekos of Blambot
The novice
One salt sea : an October Daye novel
Demon princess:  reign check
Night of the hunter
Unang unggoy = (The first monkey)
I shall wear midnight : a Discworld novel
The lost prince
Elfquest. Book 6, The secret of two-edge
Time of contempt
Wards of Faerie
Summer in Enchantia
