http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18908 coppice
coppice sprout woodlands woody weeds coppice forests
Long-term response to thinning in a beech (Fagus sylvatica L.) coppice stand under conversion to high forest in Central Italy
Effects of variable aspen retention on stand development, aspen sucker production, and growth of lodgepole pine in the SBSdw1 variant of south-central British Columbia
Harvesting fuel chips with the Pallari swath harvester = Polttopuun korjuu Pallarin leikkuuhakkurilla
Reliability of stump sprouting as a regeneration method for poplars: clonal behavior in survival, sprout straightness and growth
Early effects of manipulating aspen density and spatial arrangement on lodgepole pine performance, aspen sucker production, and stand development in an 11-year-old stand in the SBPSxc subzone of South-central British Columbia
The growth of bigleaf maple and planted conifers 14 years after maple clump thinning
The efficacy and potential risks of controlling sprouting in Finnish birches (Betula spp.) with the fungal decomposer Chondrostereum purpureum
The effect of stump height and cut surface type on stump survival, sprouting and sprout growth after cutting of 10-35-year old Betula pubescens Ehrh
European beech (Fagus sylvatica L.) forests have a long history of coppicing, but the majority of formerly managed coppices are currently under conversion to high forest. The long time required to achieve conversion requires a long-term perspective to fully understand the implication of the applied conversion practices. In this study, we showed results from a long-term (1992-2014) case-study comparing two management options (natural evolution and periodic thinning) in a beech coppice in conversion to high forest. Leaf area index, litter production, radiation transmittance and growth efficiency taken as relevant stand descriptors, were estimated using both direct and indirect optical methods. Overall, results indicated that beech coppice showed positive and prompt responses to active conversion practices based on periodic medium-heavy thinning. A growth efficiency index showed that tree growth increased as the cutting intensity increased. Results from the case study supported the effectiveness of active conversion management from an economic (timber harvesting) and ecological (higher growth efficiency) point of view..
Greenwood crafts : a comprehensive guide
