http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18952 princesses
princesses
Princess Ai : Encounters
I want my dummy
Princess Luisa has devoted her life to duty, quietly preparing to succeed her father as ruler. Nothing, however, primed her to live on the run, disguised as a personal secretary to a notorious English scoundrel.The earl is just the man to help her reclaim her throne, but Luisa is drawn to her powerful employer in ways she never imagined...Philip, Earl of Somerton, has spent six years married to a woman in love with another man - he refuses to become a fool due to imprudent emotions ever again. Only, as his carefully laid plans for vengeance falter, fate hands him hope for redemption in the form of a beautiful and determined young princess who draws him into a risky game of secrets, seduction, and betrayal.
Lucifer and the Biscuit Hammer. 3-4
The wishing pearl
The shadow cats
Snow White And The Seven Dwarfs
Princess of Glass
Princess in training
The girl of fire and thorns
I want my dummy!
Tuesdays at the castle
Do princesses wear hiking boots?
The skylighter
Twice upon a Marigold
The Princess and the Giant
Sir Lance-a-Little and the ginormous giant
The apple-pip princess
Royal wedding : the Princess diaries
The princess and the pea : in miniature
You can't eat a princess!
Princess in pink
Christmas adventure
The courageous princess. Volume 1, Beyond the hundred kingdoms
Once
Honor the happy days fairy
Sophia : princess, suffragette, revolutionary
My first princess book
The princess and the foal
Girl who never was
Princess Mia
The royal mess
Princess Ai : the Prism of midnight dawn. Volume 2
Honor among thieves
The bedtime princess
Princess for hire
I want a party!
The storyspinner
The legend of Zelda. Ocarina of time
Princess Luna and the Winter Moon Festival
The worst princess
The three little princesses
Dolphin adventure
Princess
In this 30th anniversary edition, Goldman frames the famous fairy tale with an "autobiographical" story; his father had abridged the book as he read it to his son. Now, Goldman is publishing an abridged version, interspersed with comments on the parts that had been cut out. Presents the timeless love story between a farm boy named Westley and the beautiful Princess Buttercup.
The mirror king
Princess of the Silver Woods
Princess knight. Part 1
The little white horse
Goodnight, baby flurry heart
Red Queen
Princess Ai : the Prism of midnight dawn. Volume 1
Early Reader : Twilight Sparkle's Princess Spell
ADVENTURE STORIES (CHILDREN'S / TEENAGE). From Julia Donaldson, the bestselling author of The Gruffalo, comes Princess Mirror-Belle, the exciting adventures of a mischievous princess. Full of black-and-white illustrations by Lydia Monks, Princess Mirror-Belle is perfect for fans of this bestselling picture-book team who are beginning to read on their own. This bind-up of two fantastic books, Princess Mirror Belle and Princess Mirror Belle and the Party Hoppers, contains six delightful stories that children will come back to again and again. Ellen's life is turned upside down by the hilarious Mirror-Belle, a spirited princess who claims to be from somewhere mysterious and far away. She appears out of mirrors to tell Ellen magical stories and take her on exciting escapades. From battling with Dragon Pox to helping out with the local pantomime, celebrating birthdays, having fun at the fair and starting at a new school, there are always adventures to be had. Ages 7+
Death of kings
The moonlit mystery
Princess : secrets to share
Barbie as The Island Princess : Wii
Fairy tale favorites : 3 books in 1!
A little princess is protected by her friend Curdie and her newly-discovered great-great-grandmother from the goblin miners who live in caves beneath the royal castle / Library of Congress.
Joanna and Rafi are on the run, trying to protect the kingdom of Santarem from rogue Keepers.
The Princess and the Pea
Lily the little princess
I don't want to go to hospital
How to school your scoundrel
The orphan queen
The Diana quiz book : 100 questions on the "People's Princess"
Fridays with the wizards
The stolen princess
Duo ji gong zhu  = Princess Smartypants
Ella Bella Ballerina and a Midsummer night's dream
Princess Mabelrose travels through the Unremembered on her way home, but after learning that her father is on a quest to find her, Mabelrose sets out to find him and his companions / WorldCat.
The princess and the pea
The mystery of Princess Louise : Queen Victoria's rebellious daughter
Princess Rosa's winter
Princess Mononoke : first story
The kiss of deception
The glass heart : a tale of three princesses
The forbidden wish
The Keepers, a race of people with magical abilities, are seeking a supposedly-dead princess to place her on the throne and end political turmoil but girls who look like the princess are being murdered and Johanna Von Arlo, forced to work for Lord Rafael DeSilva after her father's suspicious death, is a dead-ringer.
Graceling
Goodnight princess
The crown
The princess and the presents
The princess bride : S. Morgenstern's classic tale of true love and high adventure : the "good parts" version, abridged
King's cage
The very fairy pricess :  graduation girl!
Storytime with Little Princess. Volume 2
Beauty and the beast
Princess Ellie's Christmas
Blood song
The curious tale of the Lady Caraboo
My book of princess stories
Princess Gusty Ox's strange change
Little Nemo : return to Slumberland
Princess Yona lives an ideal life as the only princess of her kingdom. Doted on by her father, the king, and protected by her faithful guard Hak, she cherishes the time spent with the man she loves, Su-won. But everything changes on her 16th birthday when tragedy strikes her family! Yona reels from the shock of witnessing a loved one's murder and having to fight for her life. With Hak's help, she flees the palace and struggles to survive while evading her enemy's forces. But where will this displaced princess go when all the paths before her are uncertain?
The starlight princess and other princess stories
I want two birthdays!
Princess Katrina and the Hair Charmer
Princess Mirror-Belle
Sir Lance-a-little and the most annoying fairy
Yona of the dawn. 3
Ten Little Princesses
Prince Ribbit
The princess and the goblin
The queen : a novella
Princess of 8th street
The courageous princess. Volume 2, The unremembered lands
Disney's princess collection : love & friendship stories
With Mare powerless as a prisoner of Maven Calore, the boy she once loved, her rebel Reds continue to organize and train as they prepare for war, while exiled prince Cal sets out to rescue Maven from captivity.
Princess in the spotlight
Sir Lance-a-Little and the Three Angry Bears
Princess Mirror-Belle and the dragon pox
Lucifer and the biscuit hammer. 1-2
The goose girl
The secret lives of princesses
Yona of the dawn. 1
Little Miss Princess
Sweet sixteen princess : a princess diaries book
Princess Cadance and the glitter heart garden
The princess diaries
Princess Yona lives an ideal life as the only princess of her kingdom. Doted on by her father, the king, and protected by her faithful guard Hak, she cherishes the time spent with the man she loves, Su-won. But everything changes on her 16th birthday when tragedy strikes her family!
Disney princess : enchanting storybooks : Nintendo DS
I want a boyfriend!
The vile smile
Princess in waiting
Lizzie the sweet treats fairy
The emerald dragon
A book of princesses
Primrose : princess who just wants to have fun!
The book of a thousand days
Stories of princes & princesses
Yona of the dawn. 2
The plucky Princess Mabelrose uses brains and bravery when she is kidnapped from her home by a greedy dragon. Rather than wait to be rescued, Mabelrose finds the courage to save herself / Library of Congress.
How to be the perfect princess : [by princess Petal]
Princess of thorns
The gray wolf throne
Princess Evie : the Enchanted Snow Pony
Princess knight. Part 2
The false princess
The crown of embers
Princess and the frog
Princess academy
The courageous princess
The heart of Betrayal
Princess on the brink
A princess of Landover : a magic kingdom of Landover novel
The architect's apprentice
The twelve dancing princesses
Demi the dressing-up fairy
Anna and Elsa's secret playtime
Princesses behaving badly : real stories from history - without the fairy-tale endings
Princess ever after
Dara's clever trap : a story from Cambodia
Chloe's secret Princess Club
The constant queen
The heir
Tiptoe the magic ballet pony
Princess in love
The royal pain
Little book of princesses
Adventures in friendship. 4
Frozen fever: the best birthday ever
