http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18962 oil flax
oil flax
The 1st Nordic Conference on Flax and Hemp Processing : 10 - 12 August 1998, Tampere Hall, Tampere 1998 : proceedings abstracts of posters
Hygienic quality of stem fractions of mechanically processed fibre hemp and linseed
Bast fibre content, fibre yield and fibre quality of different linseed genotypes
Yield, SDG lignan, cadmium, lead, oil and protein contents of linseed (Linum usitatissimum L.) cultivated in trials and at different farm conditions in the south-western part of Finland
Studies on seed-setting and seed yield in oil flax
On the possibilities of growing oil flax in Finland : on the quality of Finnish linseed oil and some factors affecting it
The dry-line method in bast fibre production
Microbial quality of linseed and fibre hemp plants during growing and harvest seasons
Cadmium content of Finnish linseed and estimated consumer intake
Flax : the super food
Linseed varieties were studied in variety trials and under farm conditions in south-western Finland in the years 2007-2010. The variation in yield, oil, protein, SDG lignan, cadmium and lead contents were studied in 8 oil and 2 fibre linseed varieties. Genotypic, environmental and genotype x environment interaction variance estimates were calculated. Fibre varieties "Belinka" and "Martta" had higher protein and lower oil contents than oil linseed varieties.The SDG lignan contents of linseed varieties varied between 3635-9560 mg kg-1. Rather high genotypic variance was found in yield, oil, protein and SDG lignan contents. Variety "Laser" had lower SDG lignan content. "Abacus", "Helmi" and "Martta" had the highest SDG lignan contents. Variation in cadmium and lead contents were caused by environmental effects. The highest cadmium contents, 0.821.69 mg kg-1, were found in soils fertilized by wastewater sludge about 20 years ago and at fields with low bottom soil pH (4.1-4.5).
Linseed law : a handbook for growers and advisers
Quality characteristics of edible linseed oil
