http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18995 maternal mortality
maternal mortality
World population monitoring 1998 : health and mortality: selected aspects
The state of the world's children 2008 : child survival
In our rapidly globalising age with economic growth occurring in almost every corner of the world, it is easy to forget that more than one billion people still live on less than one dollar a day. Poverty is the worst human rights crisis in the world today, denying millions of people their most basic rights. Enriched by compelling photographs from across the world, "The Unheard Truth" argues that poverty remains a global epidemic because we continue to define it as an economic problem whose only solution is foreign aid and investment. Irene Khan calls for a re-evaluation of this long-standing assumption to turn us towards confronting poverty as a human rights violation. Empowering the poor with basic rights of security is our only chance for eradicating poverty and giving freedom and dignity to those who have never experienced it.
Monitoring emergency obstetric care : a handbook
Infant mortality and its underlying determinants in rural Malawi
The Millennium Development Goals report 2010.
Barries to utilization of focused antenatal care among pregnant women in ntchisi district in Malawi
Use of registry data in the analysis of medical practices : cesarean birth in the Finnish Medical Birth Registry
Perinatal health and maternal care in rural China
Women's health in Southern Tanzania : the gender impact of maternal mortality
Sudden infant death syndrome in Finland in 1969-80
Family planning, health and family well-being : proceedings of the United Nations Expert Group Meeting on Family Planning, Health and Family Well-Being, Bangalore, India, 26-30 October 1992
Beyond the numbers : reviewing maternal deaths and complications to make pregnancy safer
The WHO Application of ICD-10 to deaths during pregnancy, childhood and the puerperium : ISD-MM
Socio-demographic factors and incidence of caesarean sections in Mozambique
Reproductive rights and reproductive health : a concise report
Summary.
Safer childbirth? : a critical history of maternity care
Proposed grant assistance to Mongolia for the maternal mortality reduction project (financed by the Japan Fund for Poverty Reduction) : February 2005.
The Millennium Development Goals report 2009.
Review and analysis of factors affecting utilization of maternal health services in Nigeria
Maternal health and pregnancy outcomes in rural Malawi
Finnish Yearbook of Population Research 44 : special Issue of the 16th Nordic Demographic Symposium in Helsinki, 5-7 June, 2008
The unheard truth : poverty and human rights
The emergency obstetric care indicators described in this handbook can be used to measure progress in a programmatic continuum: from the availability of and access to emergency obstetric care to the use and quality of those services. This handbook is an update of an earlier publication on monitoring the availability and use of obstetric services, issued by UNICEF, WHO and UNFPA in 1997. This revision incorporates changes based on monitoring and assessment conducted worldwide and the emerging evidence on the topic over the years, and has been agreed by an international panel of experts. It includes two new indicators and an additional signal function, with updated evidence and new resources.--Publisher's description.
