http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18910 phytogeography
phytogeography
Flora Neomexicana. 1, the vascural plants of New Mexico : an annotated checklist to the names of vasular plants with synonymy and bibliography / Kelly W. Allred
Atlas of Plant Life
Vegetation ecology and population biology of Fritillaria meleagris L. at the Kungsängen nature reserve, eastern Sweden
A monograph of Marasmius, Collybia and related genera in Europe. Part 2, Collybia, Gymnopus, Rhodocollybia, Crinipellis, Chaetocalathus, and additions to Marasmiellus
Flora Baltijskih respublik : svodka sosudistyh rastenij = Flora of the Baltic countries : compendium of vascular plants. 2
Nepal nature's paradise : (insight into diverse facets of topography, flora & ecology)
Vegetation field atlas of continental South Africa Lesotho and Swaziland
What determines the timberline?
The phytochemistry of the flora of Qatar
Proceedings of the VII OPTIMA Meeting, Borovec, 18-30 July 1993. Part 2, Poster presentations
Annotated catalog and atlas of Kentucky woody plants
Brief history of the Gymnosperms: classification, biodiversity, phytogeography and ecology
Ecological crop geography
Spatial and temporal representativeness of water monitoring efforts in the Baltic Sea coast of SW Finland
Mapping the world's vegetation : regionalization of formations and flora
Forest vines to snow tussocks : the story of New Zealand plants
The flora of Hinku and Hunku Valleys, East Nepal
That glorious forest : exploring the plants and their indigenous uses in Amazonia
Abstracts from the Symposium on Nordic Botanical Research in the Neotropics in Turku 19.-21. August 1991
Serpentine and its vegetation. a multidisciplinary approach
Korean pine-broadleaved forests of the far east : proceedings from the International conference : September 30-October 6, 1996, Khabarovsk, Russian Federation
Flora Graeca : Volumes 1-2, 1806-1816 ; annotated re-issue
Responses of climate change on natural terrestrial ecosystems in Norway
2004 International symposium on plant diversity : programme and abstracts
Foundations of plant geography
Plant geography : with special reference to North America
Botany of Southeastern Yukon adjacent to the Canol Road
Gialektovye lišajniki (semejstva Gyalectaceae Stizenb. i Soenogoniaceae (Fr.) Stizenb.) vnetropičeskoj Evrazii = Gyalectoid lichens (Families Gyalectaceae Stizenb. and Coenogoniaceae (Fr.) Stizenb.) in extratropical Eurasia
The lichens and allied fungi of Great Smoky Mountains National Park : an annotated checklist with comprehensive keys
Proceedings of the XIII OPTIMA Meeting : March 22-26 2010, Antalya/Türkiye
The woody plants of Ohio
Post-glacial dynamics of vegetation and tree-lines in the far north of Fennoscandia
Vascular plants of Afghanistan : an augmented checklist
Biogeography, landscapes, ecosystems and species of Zaonezhye Peninsula, in Lake Onega, Russian Karelia
A circumboreal system of climatic-phytogeographical regions
190(6). Compositae-Heliantheae part 2 : genera M-Z
The synanthropisation of vascular plant flora of mires in the coastal zone (Kashubian coastal region, N Poland) : range, reasons for, and spatial characteristics
Studies in the Calenduleae. 2, Phytogeography and interrelation
Atlas florae Europaeae : distribution of vascular plants in Europe. 1 : Pteridophyta (Psilotaceae to Azollaceae)
Country-scale carbon accounting of the vegetation and mineral soils of Finland
Wild orchids of the northeastern United States : a field and study guide to the orchids growing wild in New England, New York, and adjacent Pennsylvania and New Jersey
The African rain forest during the Last Glacial Maximum, an archipelago of forests in a sea of grass
Scenic wonders of Australia
Historical plant incidence in southern Africa : a collection of early travel records in southern Africa
Estimation of greenhouse gas balance for forestry-drained peatlands
Atlas florae Europaeae : distribution of vascular plants in Europe. 1; 2, Pteridophyta (Psilotaceae to Azollaceae); Gymnospermae (Pinaceae to Ephedraceae)
Atlas florae Europaeae : distribution of vascular plants in Europe. 6; 7, Caryophyllaceae (Alsinoideae and Paronychioideae); Caryophyllaceae (Silenoideae)
A field guide to forest trees of Northern Thailand
Flora of Australia. 11B, Mimosaceae, Acacia part 2.
The genus Aconitum L. (Ranunculaceae) in Poland and adjacent countries : a phenetic-geographic study
Recent developments in spatial methods and data in biogeographical distribution modelling - advantages and pitfalls
Studies in Ecuadorian geography
Historical ecology of the British flora
Norwegian mountain algae : an account of the biology, ecology and distribution of the algae and pelagic invertebrates in the region surrounding the mountain crossing of the Bergen railway
Atlas florae europaeae. 11 : Cruciferae (Ricotia to Raphanus)  / edited by Jaakko Jalas, Juha Suominen & Raimo Lampinen on the basis of team-work of European botanists
Plant communities of Scotland : revised and additional tables : a preliminary phytocoenonia /c by E.L. Birse
LATMOSS : a catalogue of Neotropical mosses
Alpine plants of British Columbia, Alberta and Northwest North America
The geographical distribution of vegetation in South Georgia
Using a botanic garden collection to test a bioclimatic vegetation scheme
Index Holmiensis : a world index of plant distribution maps. 9, Dicotyledoneae N - P
Bibliography of the flora of Cuba : a survey of systematic and phytogeographical literature concerning the vascular plants of Cuba and the Caribbean region
Plants of Central Asia : plant collections from China and Mongolia. Vol. 2, Chenopodiaceae
Plants of Central Asia : plant collections from China and Mongolia. Vol. 13, Plumbaginaceae, Oleaceae, Buddlejaceae, Gentianaceae, Menyanthaceae, Apocynaceae, Asclepiadaceae
Flowering plant families of the world
New flora of Vermont
Ecology of leaf longevity
"Lilies of the field" : a book of Cyprus wild flowers
Atlas florae Europaeae : distribution of vascular plants in Europe. 6, Caryophyllaceae (Alsinoideae and Paronychioideae)
Index Holmiensis : a world index of plant distribution maps. 7, Dicotyledoneae G-J
Generum plantarum orbis geographicus = concise synopsis of the generic geography
The Timber Press dictionary of plant names
Flora Neomexicana. 1, Annotated checklist / Kelly W. Allred
Weeds : how vagabond plants gatecrashed civilisation and changed the way we think about nature
An orchid flora of Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands
Geographical guide to floras of the world. Part 1
Field and microscope keys to the Fennoscandian species of the Calliergon-Scorpidium-Drepanocladus complex : including some related or similar species
Flora of China. Vol. 20-21, Asteraceae
Conserving the wild plants of Gran Canaria
Vegetation structure and function at multiple spatial, temporal and conceptual scales
Michigan flora : a list of the fern and seed plants growing without cultivation
Traditional in situ surface water sampling produces accurate information on water chemistry and biology. Such sampling is conducted primarily as part of water quality monitoring programmes. If sufficiently consistent, the once collected water quality data could also provide valuable resources for subsequent use in scientific research and long-term monitoring. We examined the spatial and temporal coherence of the archived data resources stored in the environmental information system of the Finnish Environmental Administration (the Hertta-PIVET register). We used phytoplankton chlorophyll-a and primary productivity data collected during 1971-2006 as sample resources for environmental studies on the highly fragmented SW coast of Finland (Northern Baltic Sea). 733 sampling stations were categorized according to the total number of sampling days, the consistence of sampling, the number of representative years and the continuity of sampling. Considerable spatial and temporal inconsistencies were observed, making the accumulated data resources rather unsuitable for many types of environmental studies. Synchronization of sampling activities could improve the representativeness of spatial and temporal coverage of regional sampling. Strategic planning of sampling is required to achieve more concerted data generation activities and to facilitate long-term spatially representative analyses.
The flowers of Crete
Maps showing vegetation type-aggregates of the Lower Mackenzie and Yukon corridors, 1974
Flora Neomexicana. 2, Glossarium Nominum : a lexicon of New Mexico plant names / Kelly W. Allred
A revision of the genus Minthostachys (Labiatae)
Systematics and geography of plants : Plant systematics and phytogeography for the understanding of African biodiversity : Proceedings of the XVIth AETFAT Congress, held at the National Botanical Garden, Belgium, August 28 - September 2, 2000
Finnish botanists actively studied the flora of Karelia (Karelian Republic) and the Kola Peninsula (Murmansk Region) when Finland was a Grand Duchy of Russia in 1809-1918. J. Fellman's expeditions in 1829 were the first notable botanical expeditions to the area. Geologically and floristically the area was similar to Finland, and exploring the area was considered to be a national duty for Finnish biologists. Almost 40 Finnish scientists who travelled on the Kola Peninsula collected significant amounts of herbarium specimens from there. The specimens are mostly in H, but duplicates were distributed widely. The collectors include M. Aschan, W. M. Axelson (Linnaniemi), V. Borg (Kivilinna), M. Brenner, V. F. Brotherus, R. Envald, J. Fellman, N. I. Fellman, C. W. Fontell, E. af Hällström, H. Hollmén, P. A. Karsten, A. Osw. Kihlman (Kairamo), F. W. Klingstedt, H. Lindberg, J. Lindén, A. J. Malmberg (Mela), J. Montell, F. Nylander, J. A. Palmén, V. Pesola, P. A. Rantaniemi, J. Sahlberg, and G. Selin. A short description is given of the biographies of the most important collectors with notes on their itineraries. Details of the collections from the Kola Peninsula are mostly taken from the vascular-plant specimens kept in the Finnish main herbaria and entered in the Floristic database Kastikka of the Finnish Museum of Natural History. As to bryophytes, lichens and other fungi, only a small proportion has been entered into the database. A network of biogeographic provinces for the Kola Peninsula was created by Finnish scientists in the mid 1800s, and it is still commonly used. Changes in the boundaries of provinces in the peninsula are discussed. The herbarium data are given according to the provinces.
Canada's vegetation : a world perspective
Abstracts ; lectures, communications, posters : XIV OPTIMA Meeting : September, 9-15 2013, Orto Botanico, Palermo, Italia
Plant and vegetation mapping
Flowers of Greece and the Aegean
Proceedings of the IX OPTIMA Meeting Paris, 11-17 May 1998
The vegetation of South Africa, Lesotho and Swaziland
Contribution toward a Cybele Hibernica, being outlines of the geographical distributions of plants in Ireland
Systematics and biogeography of Aralia L. (Araliaceae) : revision of Aralia Sects. Aralia, Humiles, Nanae, and Sciadodendron
The geobotanical development of spring-fed mires in Finnish Lapland
Plants of Central Asia : plant collections from China and Mongolia. Vol. 14a, Compositae (Anthemideae )
Climatic parameters and indices in plant geography
Biogeographic relationships between fungi and selected glacial relict plants : the use of host-fungus data as an aid to plant geography on the basis of material from Europe, Greenland and northern Asia
Trees in the life of the Maya world
Abstracts of the symposium " Phytogeography of Northeast Asia: tasks for the 21st century " : July 21-25, 2003 Vladivostok, Russia
Geographical guide to floras of the world. Part 2, Western Europe
Figs, dates, laurel, and myrrh : plants of the Bible and the Quran
Maps showing vegetation typesof the Mackenzie Valley 1973
English summary: Amazonian Peru : humid tropical vegetation in Andean foreland basin.
Index Holmiensis : a world index of plant distribution maps. 10, Dicotyledoneae Q,R,S
International bibliography of vegetation maps. Volume 2, Vegetation maps of Europe
Aromatic and spicy plants in Cyprus : from antiquity to the present day
Flora of Australia. 11A, Mimosaceae, Acacia, part 1.
Introduction to plant geography and some related sciences
Flora Baltijskih respublik : svodka sosudistyh rastenij = Flora of the Baltic countries : compendium of vascular plants. 3
Conservation action plan for botanic gardens of the Caribbean Islands
The Phytocoenonia of Scotland : additions and revision /c by E.L. Birse
Climatic sensitivity of hydrology and carbon exchanges in boreal peatland ecosystems, with implications on sustainable management of reed canary grass (Phalaris arundinacea, L.) on cutaway peatlands
190(6). Compositae-Heliantheae. Part 1 : introduction, genera A-L
Atlas florae Europaeae : distribution of vascular plants in Europe. 7, Caryophyllaceae (Silenoideae)
Vascular plants of Greece : an annotated checklist
International bibliography of vegetation maps. Volume 3, Vegetation maps of the Soviet Socialist Republics, Asia, & Australia
Iconografia di Iridaceae presenti in Italia = Iconography of Iridaceae present in Italy
Biebersteinia orphanidis (geraniaceae) from southern Greece
Results of a botanic expedition to Arabia in 1944-1945
Flora of the Sudan-Uganda border area east of the Nile. 2, Catalogue of vascular plants, 2nd part. vegetation and phytogeography
Quantitative approaches to phytogeography
Abstracts of the symposium " The East Asian Flora and its role in the formation of the world's vegetation " : September 23-27, 2012
Floristic Relationships between Eastern Asia and Eastern North America
Finnish botanists on the Kola Peninsula (Russia) up to 1918.
The genus Osmorhiza (Umbelliferae) : a study in geographic affinities
Geography has a long tradition in studies of geographical distribution of flora and fauna. Detailed mappings of the distributions of biota over wide regions can produce highly valuable biogeographical data, but are extremely laborious. These challenges in biogeographical mapping, as well as the need for mitigation tools for the adverse impacts of human disturbance on the landscape and biodiversity, have stimulated the development of new approaches for assessing biogeographical patterns. Particularly, the ability to model distribution patterns of organisms and habitat types has recently increased along with the theoretical and methodological development of biogeography and spatial ecology, and modern spatial techniques and extensive data sets (provided e.g., by earth observation techniques). However, geographical data have characteristics which produce statistical problems and uncertainties in these modelling studies: 1) the data are almost always multivariate and intercorrelated, 2) the data are often spatially autocorrelated, and 3) biogeographical distribution patterns are affected by different factors operating on different spatial and temporal scales. Especially remote sensing and geographic information data provide powerful means for studies of environmental change, but also include pitfalls and may generate biased results. Quantitative analysis and modelling with correct and strict use of spatial statistics should also receive more attention. The issues discussed in this paper can have relevance in several fields of application of geographical data.
The yield and essential oil content of mint (Mentha ssp.) in Northern Ostrobothnia
Index Holmiensis : a world index of plant distribution maps. 8, Dicotyledoneae K - M
Floristic relationships between eastern Asia and eastern North America
Flowers of the Pacific Island seashore : a guide to littoral plants of Hawai'i, Tahiti, Samoa, Tonga, Cook Islands, Fiji and Micronesia
General plant geography
Vermont is a small and, by any standard, a well botanized state---beginning with a list of Vermont's trees and other economic plants in 1795, continuing through four editions of the Flora of Vermont, up to the summary Check List of Vermont Plants by the Vermont Botanical Club in 1973. Why the New Flora of Vermont? So many advances in the last 40 years warrant striking out anew: taxonomic advances have resulted from the wave of molecular data since the discovery of DNA and the powerful analytical technique of cladistics, there has been an increase in floristic knowledge of Vermont's local flora in the intervening decades; and an emphasis on potential threats to indigenous flora, e.g., by invasive species, has added several new items. In this up-to-date volume, Art Gilman strikes out anew, following recent advances and current thinking, while contributing to Vermont's long and significant botanical heritage.
Wild flowers of the Canary Islands
Alteration of native Hawaiian vegetation : effects of humans, their activities and introductions
British plant life
The vegetative key to the British flora : a new approach to naming British vascular plants based on vegetative characters
International bibliography of vegetation maps. Volume 1, Vegetation maps of North America
Bryogeography of expedition area, Axel Heiberg Island, N. W. T., Canada
International bibliography of vegetation maps. Volume 4, Vegetation maps of Africa, South America and the world (general)
Both the northern (latitudinal) and the upper (altitudinal) timberlines are phytogeographic transitions between the forested boreal vegetation zone and treeless areas. These two timberlines, which intermingle in northern Fennoscandia, are mainly controlled by the cold climate, although other natural and anthropogenic factors are of noticeable importance at least locally. The roles of the various controlling factors are discussed in this article. The timberline and tree line in northern Finland are usually formed by the mountain birch (Betula pubescens ssp. tortuosa), which extends further than the Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris) or the Norway spruce (Picea abies). The northern coniferous timberline in Finland follows approximately an isoline that represents an effective temperature sum of 600 degree days. Hazardous events also regulate the growth and occurrence of trees in addition to average conditions. Trees growing at the timberline have adapted themselves in many ways to the prevailing harsh circumstances. Pollen research and megafossil analyses (such as tree ring studies) show that the timberline has moved and its tree species composition has changed, primarily due to climatic fluctuations. This is one clear indication that the timberline is a dynamic 'combat zone'.
Vicariance biogeography : a critique : symposium of the Systematic Discussion Group of the American Museum of Natural History, May 2-4, 1979
Endemic plants of Greece : the Peloponnese
Systematics and biology of Lapeirousia, Codonorhiza, Psilosiphon and Schizorhiza in southern Africa
Atlas florae Europaeae : distribution of vascular plants in Europe. 4, Polygonaceae
Atlas florae Europaeae : distribution of vascular plants in Europe. 1, Pteridophyta (Psilotaceae to Azollaceae)
Flora Baltijskih respublik : svodka sosudistyh rastenij = Flora of the Baltic countries : compendium of vascular plants. 1
Synopsis of the Lycopodiophyta and Pteridophyta of Africa, Madagascar and neighbouring islands
Report on botanical excursion to the boreal forest region in Northern Quebec and Ontario
Floristic phytogeography of South-Western Lule Lappmark (Swedish Lapland). 1
Essay on the geography of plants
Junipers of the world : the genus Juniperus
An atlas of the wild flowers of Britain and Northern Europe
Ecology and biogeography of Pinus
Proceedings of the X OPTIMA Meeting, 13-19 September 2001.. Part two, Poster presentations
Wildflowers of Northern Mongolia
Index Holmiensis : a world index of plant distribution maps. 6, Dicotyledoneae D-F
Biogeographical map of Europe
A natural history of trees : of Eastern and Central North America
Proceedings of the workshops on "Conservation of the wild relatives of European cultivated plants"
Biological invasions in Europe and the Mediterranean Basin
Flora Europaea. Vol. 4, Plantaginaceae to Compositae (and Rubiaceae)
The classification and geography of the flowering plants : dicotyledons of the class Angiospermae : (subclasses Magnoliidae, Ranunculidae, Caryophyllidae, Dillenidae, Rosidae, Asteridae, and Lamiidae
Chromosome number survey of the ferns and flowering plants of Slovakia
Elementy geograficzne rodzimej flory Polski = The geographical elements of native flora of Poland
Beckmannia eruciformis (L.) Host in Viipuri (Ka)
The plant geography of Korea with an emphasis on the alpine zones
An atlas of the world's conifers : an analysis of their distribution, biogeography, diversity, and conservation status
