http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18992 financial directors
financial directors directors of finance
Economics and management of small business : an international perspective
What's in it for me? : organizational commitment among faculty members in UAE business schools
Tycoon
The role of personal contacts of foreign subsidiary managers in the coordination of industrial multinationals : the case of Finnish subsidiaries in Portugal
Ladies' business menu : fForum - promoting women's entrepreneurship and leadership
How libraries make tough choices in difficult times : purposeful abandonment
Dispersed democratic leadership : origins, dynamics, and implications
Trump : the art of the deal
The innovative CIO : how IT leaders can drive business transformation
Leadership
The development of managerial skills : business reference guide
Accounting for hospitality managers
Budgeting for managers
FIFA (Fédération Internationale de Football Association) : the men, the myths and the money
Business and management in Russia
Executive managers predict business development in Russia until 2000 : the results of the survey on over 100 Russian corporations
Managers, not MBAs : a hard look at the soft practice of managing and management development
Nine types of controller : the role of business controller in the light of the enneagram theory
Understand Stalin's Russia
The founder : André Oscar Wallenberg (1816-1886) : Swedish banker, politician & journalist
The changing world of the CFO : CFO survey 2007.
Handbook of leadership theory and practice : an HBS centennial colloquium on advancing leadership
"In 'The Woman's Place is in the Boardroom' the authors put the business case for more women on company boards. In the next book they explained how to acheive it. Here the authors discuss the role women directors can play in the reform of corporate governance systems following recent financial, crises in leadership, governance and the economy"--
Essays on stock option schemes and CEO compensation
The future of leadership development : corporate needs and the role of business schools
Suomen talouselämän johtajia = Vem är vem i Finlands ekonomiska liv = Who's who in the economic life of Finland
The sociology of elites. 2, Critical perspectives
Bank managers' agendas : thoughts and actions in a crisis situation
The Boss
Women and the new business leadership
Essays on corporate governance, stakeholders, and restructuring
The Theory of Social and Economic Organization
Abstract: Middle managers in forestry - how they interface with their immediate superior.
Harvard business review on corporate ethics
Leading schools in an era of declining resources
A history of Soviet Russia. 5, Socialism in one country 1924-1926, vol. 1
Kone's prince : the colorful life of Pekka Herlin
A history of Soviet Russia. [8], Socialism in one country 1924-1926
Stuck!? : organizational reforms and feminization of middle management? : the common mechanism and societal differences
Angela Merkel : a chancellorship forged in crisis
Learning managers in a transforming economy : the case of Russia 1999-2006
The age of turbulence : adventures in a new world
Competitive frontiers : women managers in a global economy
The sociology of elites. 1, The study of elites
Harvard business review
Managerial pay and executive turnover in the Czech and Slovak Republics
The man who knew : the life and times of Alan Greenspan
Proven leadership strategies that will impact your career and your company Having the right CFO is a critical component for every company's success. Guide to CFO Success provides CFOs and those in the making with a strategic blueprint to benefit their companies and their careers.
Personality and life-style of managers and business students
The essential controller : an introduction to what every financial manager must know
CEO turnovers and their impact on firm performance : an illusion or a mean to improve shareholders wealth
Managers in Russia : still so different?
DisneyWar : the battle for the magic kingdom
Handbook of research in education finance and policy
Understanding stakeholder thinking
What’s in it for me? : organizational commitment among faculty members in UAE business schools
The frontiers of management : where tomorrow's decisions are being shaped today
Museum directors at the Art museum of the Ateneum 1869-1990
Managers, not MBA's : a hard look at the soft practice of managing and management development
Strategy process in practice : practices and logics of action of middle managers in strategy implementation
Abstract (s. 3).
"Every day, school leaders across the country are having to make difficult decisions in this economically demanding environment. If you are a leader facing this challenge in your own school or district, this is the book you need! Experienced educators Johnston and Williamson offer practical advice to help you tackle a variety of tough issues, including staff reductions and program termination. You'll learn how to: Wring every bit of performance out of every available dollarPlan innovations and evaluate their effectivenessEngage faculty and the communityStreamline operations using digital technology and social mediaUse four strategies--reduce, refine, restructure, and regenerate--to make your school more efficient and effectiveEach chapter is filled with tips, tools, exercises, and mini-cases to help you apply these ideas to your own situation. You'll gain the confidence and knowledge to manage your budget while ensuring your students get the full benefit of a quality education. "--
North Korea : a political handbook
North Korea : beyond charismatic politics
Fraud prevention and detection : warning signs and the red flag system
Information systems for managers : texts & cases
People and performance : the best of Peter Drucker on management
"In this book, the history and underlying political dynamics characterizing the growth of FIFA and its relationships with global-regional federations and international associations are detailed in a helpful and concise introduction"--
Essential financial techniques for hospitality managers
Corporate finance and investment : decisions and strategies
Moral issues in business : top managers' perceptions of moral issues in stakeholder relations
Economics, management, and optimization in sports
What the best MBAs know : how to apply the greatest ideas taught in the best business schools
Guide to CFO success : leadership strategies for corporate financial professionals
"The current financial crisis highlights the need to rethink business leadership and the role of business schools in helping firms develop the leaders of the future. This book brings together the perspectives of deans of top international business schools, and the views of CEOs and senior business leaders"--Provided by publisher.
1,000 days in Shanghai : the story of Volkswagen : the first Chinese-German car factory
Secret of my success
Bukharin in retrospect
"Mintzberg asserts that conventional MBA classrooms overemphasize the science of management while ignoring its art and denigrating its craft, leaving a distorted impression of its practice. We need to get back to a more engaging style of management, to build stronger organizations, not bloated share prices. This calls for another approach to management education, whereby practicing managers learn from their own experience. We need to build the art and the craft back into management education, and into management itself." "Mintzberg examines what is wrong with our current system. Conventional MBA programs are mostly for young people with little or no experience. These are the wrong people. Programs to train them emphasize analysis and technique. These are the wrong ways. They leave graduates with the false impression that they have been trained as managers, which has had a corrupting effect on the practice of management as well as on our organizations and societies. These are the wrong consequences." "Mintzberg describes a very different approach to management education, which encourages practicing managers to learn from their own experience. No one can create a manager in a classroom. But existing managers can significantly improve their practice in a thoughtful classroom that makes use of that experience."--BOOK JACKET. Crump.
In their time : the greatest business leaders of the twentieth century
The porcupine
A history of Soviet Russia. [5], Socialism in one country 1924-1926
On the interface between strategy and management accounting : four essays
