http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18907 passage control
passage control
The Finnish MCM 2010 project : three MCM ships, a variety of sensor systems and a Mine Warfare Data Center
Abstract.
Jane's police and homeland security equipment
Remote device control via Bluetooth and GSM
Information security
A Guide For Requirement Specification Of Identity And Access Management In Health Care
Surveillance as social sorting : privacy, risk, and digital discrimination
Quantitative gas chromatography for laboratory analyses and on-line process control
Visitor management system
World malaria report 2012.
Bluetooth solution for wireless access control
Automatic alarm system in the pipeline : EfficienSea creates new smart safety tools
Quality and costs of diabetes care – comparison of two models in primary health care
Effective physical security
"The World Malaria Report 2013 summarizes information received from malaria-endemic countries and other sources, and updates the analyses presented in the 2012 report. It highlights the progress made towards global malaria targets set for 2015, and describes current challenges for global malaria control and elimination." -- (WHO)
World malaria report 2013.
Suitability of RFID based access control system in factory environment
A guide for requirement specification of identity and access management in health care
Information security management handbook. Vol. 2
The design and evaluation of physical protection systems
Information security management handbook. Vol. 3
Health Economics and Outcome Studies on Type 2 Diabetes Education and Screening in a Chinese Population
Effects of the human body on single-layer wearable antennas
Suitability of RFID Based Access Control System in Factory Environment
The object of this Master’s thesis was to describe the basic functionalities provided by identity and access management system (IAM) and their suitability for a health care environment. Specifying and defining the IAM project began in the Northern Ostrobothnia Hospital District in 2007. The preliminary work for enabling identity and access management automation has been done ever since. Most of the requirement specification work was done during the autumn 2013 for the IAM SSO project in the Northern Ostrobothnia Hospital District. The work consisted of studying various aspects of identity and access management and also analyzing the current state and describing the target state. The studying process consisted of understanding and describing authoritative requirements of IAM in health care, discovering the special features of IAM in Finnish health care and defining the basic IAM use cases in health care. The result of the study was that identity and access management processes should be guided with strict working period or service period information. They are the master data for both internal and external users. They can be used to define user rights, access rights and their active and inactive periods. The quality of the master data affects the whole IAM process. Attaching smart cards to AD enables network and domain login but also managing complicated multi-role identities. IAM is a never-ending process. After critical and key systems have been integrated to an IAM system, there will always be yet another integration to be built. New information systems will be deployed and they need to be integrated to the IAM system. The legislation changes all the time, and the organization structures will also change from time to time. All these affect IAM processes and the functionalities of the IAM system. A properly maintained IAM system will help dealing with the changes.
