http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18920 private libraries
private libraries
Catalogue of the library of Thomas Jefferson. Vol. 2, Philosophy
The Queen Lovisa Ulrika collection of numismatic literature : an illustrated and annotated catalogue
The library of Lewis Henry Morgan
The Stefansson Collection : past, present, future
Greek civilization through the eyes of travellers and scholars : from the collection of Dimitris Contominas
The library of Benjamin Franklin
Catalogue of the library of Thomas Jefferson. Vol. 4, Philosophy, fine arts
A medieval Muslim scholar at work : Ibn Tāwūs and his library
Catalogue of the library of Thomas Jefferson. Vol. 3, Philosophy
The Yudin Library Krasnoiarsk (Eastern Siberia)
The library of the Finnish nobleman, royal secretary and trustee Henrik Matsson (ca. 1540-1617 ) : a reading out of a manuscript from 1601, found in the city archive of Tallinn, Estonia, with an introduction, English translation, commentaries, and the original manuscript photographed
Books on the move : tracking copies through collections and the book trade
Reading the Scottish Enlightenment : books and their readers in provincial Scotland, 1750-1820
Van Maurits naar Munster : tactiek en triomf van het Staatse leger = From prince Maurice to the peace of Westphalia : tactics and triumphs of the Dutch army
This volume presents six essays by notable scholars examining fine bindings, provenances, historical associations and technical aspects of the holdings of the Arcadian Library, London. With its precise scholarship, detailed information, original research and lavish illustration, it will be a standard work for bibliophiles and book scholars.
What does a library say about the mind of its owner? How do books map the intellectual interests, curiosities, tastes, and personalities of their readers? What does the collecting of books have in common with the practice of architecture? "Unpacking My Library" provides an intimate look at the personal libraries of fourteen of the world's leading architects, alongside conversations about the significance of books to their careers and lives. Photographs of bookshelves - displaying well-loved and rare volumes, eclectic organizational schemes, and the individual touches that make a bookshelf one's own - provide an evocative glimpse of their owner's personal life. Each architect also presents a reading list of top ten influential titles, from architectural history to theory to fiction and nonfiction, that serves as a personal philosophy of literature and history, and advice on what every young architect, scholar, and lover of architecture should read. An inspiring cross-section of notable libraries, this beautiful book celebrates the arts of reading and collecting. "Architects and Their Books" features the libraries of: Stan Allen; Henry Cobb; Liz Diller & Ric Scofidio; Peter Eisenman; Michael Graves; Steven Holl; Toshiko Mori; Richard Meier; Michael Sorkin; Robert A. M. Stern; Bernard Tschumi; and, Todd Williams & Billie Tsien.
Collections donated by the Academy of Sciences of St Petersburg to the Alexander University of Finland in 1829 : an annotated catalogue
Hitler's private library : the books that shaped his life
Books and tunes / Martti Anhava
Judeo-Christian intellectual culture in the seventeenth century : a celebration of the library of Narcissus Marsh (1638-1713)
Catalogue of the library of Thomas Jefferson. Vol. 5, Fine arts, addenda, indexes
The Library of the Sidneys of Penshurst Place circa 1665
'Bessarion Scholasticus' : a study of Cardinal Bessarion's Latin library
Worlds of learning : the library and World Chronicle of the Nuremberg physician Hartmann Schedel (1440-1514)
Catalogue of the library of Thomas Jefferson. Vol. 1, History
Hogenskild Bielke's library : a catalogue of the famous 16th century Swedish private collection
Unpacking my library : architects and their books
Death of an avid reader : a Kate Shackleton mystery
Howards End is on the landing : a year of reading from home
Printed books and bookbindings
The auction catalogue of Kierkegaard's library
Private music collections : catalogs and cognate literature
Printers and readers in the sixteenth century : including the proceedings from the colloquium organised by the Centre for European Culture, 9 June 2000
For two centuries (1540-1740) the Sidney family of Penshurt Place, Kent, produced poets, courtiers, collectors, and at least one revolutionary. Increasingly aware of the cultural ideal of the learned nobleman and of libraries as representations of that ideal, the Sidneys amassed one of the largest gentry libraries in England of their period. This edition of their library catalogue provides a vivid portrait of the birth, growth, and eventual demise of the distinguished family's library collection. Comprised of nearly 5000 entries, the catalogue is presented with a full introduction describing the Sidneys' intellectual world and life, their reading and collecting, the women collectors of the family, and the dispersal of the library in 1743. The editors employ all the resources of contemporary bibliography, print and digital, to identify the titles in the catalogue, and where possible to locate the Sidneys' own copies still extant, as well as architectural analysis to identify and describe the library room at Penshurst, now lost to nineteenth-century renovations.
Abraham von Franckenberg : a bibliographical catalogue with a short-list of his library
The Hitler library : a bibliography
The Arcadian Library : bindings and provenance
A. E. Nordenskiöld : a scientist and his library
Unpacking my library : writers and their books
Bibliotheca Wrightiana
Reading notes
Reading matters : five centuries of discovering books
On the personal library of 'Abdalqādir al-Baghdādī
Phantoms on the bookshelves
A dark mirror : Romanov and Imperial Palace library materials in the holdings of the New York Public Library : a checklist and agenda for research
A survey of the history, holdings, decoration and conservation of one of England's finest medieval libraries, with full catalogue.
Medieval manuscripts in post-medieval England
The Wollaton medieval manuscripts : texts, owners and readers
Charles Areskine's library : lawyers and their books at the dawn of the Scottish enlightenment
The library of Sir Simonds D'Ewes
Private libraries in Renaissance England : a collection and catalogue of Tudor and early Stuart book-lists
At home with books : how booklovers live with and care for their libraries
Libraries in the ancient world
Bokvurm i Tammerfors : lantmätare Gustaf Adolph Tuderus (1766-1817) bibliotek = Tampereen kirjatoukka : maanmittari Gustaf Adolph Tuderuksen (1766-1817) kirjasto = Bookworm at Tampere : land-surveyor Gustaf Adolph Tuderus' (1766-1817) library
