http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18951 attitude education
attitude education
Prepared for life? : how to measure cross-curricular competencies = Prêts pour l'avenir? : comment mesurer les compétences transdisciplinaires
Anti-corruption training programmes in central and eastern Europe : contributions to a joint project of the Network of Institutes and Schools of Public Administration in Central and Eastern Europe (NISPAcee) and the Council of Europe
Religion, education and society
"Education crucial for social change" : interview with Pekka Puska
The construction of disability in our schools : teacher and parent perspectives on the experience of labelled students
English summary.
Toward a home-school health partnership : a participatory action research study, 2008-2010
Young people's images of science
Pupils' concepts about epilepsy : what determines them and how they are changed after an educational program
On political socialization and education : investigations into an argumentation for a good political belief system
Classroom practice : teacher images in action
Mathematics education research in Finland : yearbook 1987-88
Toward a tolerant Finland : campaign years in retrospect
The construction of youth in youth research : selected papers presented in the seminars of the Second Nordic Youth Research Symposium, Savonlinna 7.-11.6.1989
Media summer camp 2008 : "Dreams"
SUMO (Shut up, move on) : the straight-talking guide to creating and enjoying a brilliant life
On an example of a post-formal education : on social sustainability VOLUME I, II and III
Unlearning discrimination in the early yers
Pollution stinks! : young adolescents' perceptions of nature and environmental issues with implications for education in urban settings
Attitude education : basics of attitude management and habit control
How dogmatic beliefs harm creativity and higher-level thinking
Teaching tolerance : raising open-minded, empathetic children
Teacher thinking in cultural contexts
Internationalization in teacher education. Vol. 7, Near-East
Waste prevention at source until 2010, JESSE : final report of the project
Meanings attached to disability, attitudes towards disabled people, and attitudes towards integration
Respect and disrespect : social practices in a Norwegian multicultural school
Political learning and citizenship in Europe
The diversity training handbook : a practical guide to understanding & changing attitudes
Underpinnings of dispositional optimism and pessimism and associated constructs
Education before medication : empowering children as medicine users
Sex differentiation and schooling
Toward internationalism : readings in cross-cultural communication
Social marketing : influencing behaviors for good
EnGendering AIDS : deconstructing sex, text and epidemic
The direction, strength and background of Finnish school children's attitudes towards education for international understanding
Power plays : primary school children's contsructions of gender, power and adult work
Mother like son? : aspects of parent-child associations in environmentally responsible behavior : generation gap, gender differences, and influence of parents' education
Rethinking radical education : essays in honour of Brian Simon
Is world view neutral education possible and desirable? : a Christian response to liberal arguments
AIDS : social representations, social practices
The trans-contextual model of motivation : an integrated multi-theory model to explain the processes of motivational transfer across context
You can't afford the luxury of a negative thought : a book for people with any life-threatening illness - including life!
Big pocket guide to using social marketing for behaviour change
How to measure attitudes
Personal future orientation : plans, attitudes and control beliefs of adolescents living in Joensuu, Finland and Petrozavodsk, Russia in 1990s
Measuring up : what educational testing really tells us
Democracy begins at home : parenting, empathy, and adolescents' support for democratic values
Social marketing : improving the quality of life
A pan-EU survey on consumer attitudes to physical activity, body weight and health
Discursive matrixes of motherhood : cultivating decency and emotion in Finnish and French mother-talk
Attitudes towards school and education in seven countries : comparisons between England, Finland, Hungary, India, Jopan, Sweden and the USA based on JEA data
Prevention of malaria in pregnancy in Malawi : encounters and non-encounters between global policies, national programmes and local realities
Temperament and development : a longitudinal study of temperament-mothering interaction and the development of temperament, depressive tendencies and hostility
Young people's views on sex education : education, attitudes and behaviour
Attitudes towards integration in Namibia
Generation text : raising well-adjusted kids in an age of instant everything
Beef Finland 2012 : a brief
What got you here won't get you there : how successful people become even more successful!
Attitudes and attitude change
Public expectations of the final stage of compulsory education = Le dernier cycle de l'enseignement obligatoire : quelle attente?
In an original and stimulating analysis of gender and AIDS, Tamsin Wilton assesses safer sex health promotion and health education discourse and considers their unintended consequences for the cultural construction of gender and sexuality. Taking a queer/feminist constructionist position, she links issues of power, gender, sexuality, and nationalism in an attempt to offer a sound theoretical foundation for an effective and radical HIV/AIDS health promotion strategy. EnGendering AIDS draws on safer sex materials from the USA, UK, Australia, New Zealand, Canada, and Scandinavia and sets current practice against the historical context of VD/STD education, dissecting the role played by STDs in the cultural construction of gender. Wilton debates the meanings that erotic minorities read into bodies and desires, and how these have been transformed by AIDS, and suggests a new model of pornography that disengages the sexually explicit and/or erotically arousing from gendered power relations. EnGendering AIDS suggests a radically innovative approach to the development of effective safer sex promotional strategies based on new thinking in health promotion and on the insights of both radical feminism and queer theory. This book will be of interest to professionals in health promotion and health education, and also to students and academics in women's studies, gender studies, lesbian and gay studies, sexuality, cultural studies, media studies, social policy, and medical sociology.
How green is your class? : over 50 ways your students can make a difference
Traffic value and attitude project : main report : traffic values and attitudes of drivers who have little driving experience, their connection with background variables describing the driver and with traffic behaviour
Aspects of consciousness in child rearing
Study orientations as indicators of ideologies : a study of five student teacher groups
Inclusion, equality & diversity in working with children
Child-rearing practices and attitudes as measured by different techniques. 1, Parental attitudes and child-rearing practices : a methodological study
Proceedings from the 1st International Conference Values in Education across Boundaries, Umeå 27-28 November 2002
The attitudes and experiences of headteachers, class-teachers, and highly-able pupils towards the education of the highly able in Finland and Britain
Summary (s. 5).
Abstract.
Searching for the meaning of education
5:2 your life : how the revolutionary 5:2 approach can transform your health, wealth and happiness
Ethical and normative reasoning on climate change : conceptions and solutions among students in a Chinese context
Students' perspectives on schooling
Exploring the impact of mental health education on adolescents'́ perceptions about mental health and mental illness : improving community healt
Physical activity of children aged 3 to 4: parents' viewpoint
Character matters : how to help our children develop good judgment, integrity, and other essential virtues
Abstract: The purpose of this final thesis was to implement a case study in order to find out parentsʼ opinions about the amount, quality and significance of play and physical activity of their children aged three and four. This topic rises up from the resent public discussion and studies of the situation of the health of children in Finland.  This final thesis was conducted by using a survey method. Data was collected by sending out the questionnaires to the parents of certain children group in Salmisaari Sport Kindergarten. The sample was selected to be parents of 20 children.  The results showed parentsʼ positive attitudes towards play and physical activity. They understand the value of physical activities and play. Almost all agreed on the different aspects of quality and what it means but in the amount and ideal amounts of play and sports there are big differences.  The results of this thesis indicate that the situation does not seem to be as bad as public discussion gives grounds to understand. Most children are playing and having physical exercise enough according to their parents. Parents think that the play and physical activity is significant part of the development of the child and diverse activities are the most effective. In these cases the physical activity and play were described to be for example social and advanced.
Teenage religion : an enquiry into attitudes and possibilities among British boys and girls in secondary modern schools
Business ethics : new challenges for business schools and corporate leaders
Prospects for renewable energy education (REE) in elevating youth energy and environmental awareness in Jordan
Teacher's attitudes towards inclusion and the inclusion of students with emotional and behavioural disorders
Civic education in the Netherlands
Education on energy : teaching tomorrow's energy consumers
Comics with an attitude... : a guide to the use of comics in development
Teaching transformation : transcultural classroom dialogues
In front of the children : screen entertainment and young audiences
From indifference to dialogue? : Estonian young people, the school and religious diversity
The idle parent
Tolerance & education : learning to live with diversity and difference
Of sound and mind : papers on deafness, personality and mental health
