http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18901 quality ratings
quality ratings
Natural groundwater quality
Economical and biological production possibilities of broadleaves in long term forest production analyses = Økonomiske og biologiske produksjonsmuligheter for lauvtrœr i langsiktige skogproduksjonsanalyser
Chicorées witloof = witloof chicories
Publish or Perish. This old adage illustrates the importance of scientific communication; essential to research, it also represents a strategic sector for each countrys competitiveness. An often-neglected topic, scientific communication is of vital importance, with new information technologies accelerating and profoundly changing how knowledge is disseminated. The necessity of optimally disseminating experts findings has also become crucial to researchers, institutes and universities alike, which has prompted the recent advent of Impact Factors for the evaluation and financing of research, the goal being for scientific knowledge to be equally distributed to a very broad audience, especially to the media, entrepreneurs and socio-political players. This handbook presents the golden rules for publishing scientific articles. In order to do away with major recurring errors, the author explains how to easily structure an article and offers support for the typical mistakes made by native French speakers publishing in English, tips on how to make the style more academic of more general to fit your intended readership and, in the books closing section, suggests new publishing techniques of the Internet age such as the micro-article, which allows researchers to focus their findings into a single innovative point. The major principles presented can be applied to a broad range of documents such as theses, industry reports, publicity texts, letters of intent, CVs/resumes, blogs and press releases, as all of these documents involve presenting information on advances, discoveries, innovations, or changes to our previous knowledge.
Drinking history : stories from wines and vintages. Part 1 1870-1970
Discovering hospitality and tourism : the world's greatest industry
Constructing quality : the classification of goods in markets
Grey alder (Alnus incana) as a raw material for mechanical wood processing in Finland
Description of a framework of macroprofiles (archetypes)
Nonwoven geotextiles in road constructions : quality requirements : the VTT-GEO geotextile specification
Guest service in the hospitality industry
An approach to quality classification of deep groundwaters in Sweden and Finland
Papermaking science and technology. Book 18, Paper and board grades
The bread making quality of Finnish spring wheats - a proposal for classification
Scientific writing for impact factor journals
Investigations into pine tree grading methods and their accuracy.
Ideal strength method for grading of sawn timber
Teaching for quality learning at university : what the student does
Nutrient analysis methods
2nd International Symposium on Sensors in Horticulture, Tune Landboskole, Greve, Denmark, 21-26 August 1995
Solid biofuels. Fuel specifications and classes. Part 1, General requirements
Variation of Norway spruce (Picea abies L. Karst.) fibre properties within trees and estimation of fibre length and width with certain tree and wood properties
Quality improvements through ISO 9000 standards : can ISO 9000 quality standards improve quality? : a classification of business-to-business companies
Variations on a theme : the classification of benthic macroinvertebrates
Forest site evaluation and long-term productivity
Solid biofuels. Fuel specifications and classes. Part 4, Wood chips for non-industrial use
Nordic timber : grading rules for pine and spruce sawn timber : commercial grading based on evaluation of four sides of sawn timber
The essential differences of Nordic Timber Grading Rules and instructions for the grading of export timber
Classification of indoor environment 2008 : target values, design guidance, and product requirements
Design and evaluation of an optical scanner based log grading and sorting system for Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris L.) sawlogs
Heavily modified waters in Europe : a case study of Lake Kemijärvi, Finland
Tomates = Tomatoes
Implementing S/NVQs in the information and library sector : a guide for employers
Solid biofuels. Fuel specifications and classes. Part 2, Wood pellets for non-industrial use
Sorting of raw materials with fuzzy clustering = Sortering av råvarer ved bruk av fuzzy clustering
Code service in social and health care : process description of the THL Code Service
Classification and presentation of softwood sawlogs
World class schools : new standards for education
ECE recommended standards for stress grading and finger-jointing of structural coniferous sawn timber
Solid biofuels. Fuel specifications and classes. Part 5, Firewood for non-industrial use
Classification of indoor climate 2000 : tarquet values, design guidance and product requirements
Wine quality : tasting and selection
Solid biofuels. Fuel specifications and classes. Part 3, Wood briquettes for non-industrial use
Handbook of Finnish plywood
Health-related quality of life and functioning in patients with spinal fusion
Classification of indoor climate, construction, and finishing materials
