http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18963 mould damages
mould damages
Proceedings
Amoebae in moisture-damaged buildings
The good indoor air
Asthma and allergic rhinoconjunctivitis among university students : occurrence and risk factors
Damp building moulds : assessment of sensitization in patients and studies into mechanisms of airway inflammation using experimental models
Teachers' health in moisture-damaged schools : a follow-up study
Fungal volatile metabolites and biological responses to fungal exposure
Inflammatory airway responses caused by Aspergillus fumigatus and PVC challenges
Field investigations of moisture problems in buildings. Part 1, Moisture mechanics in brief
Inflammatory responses in mice after intratracheal instillation of microbes isolated from moldy buildings
HAM and mould growth analysis of a wooden wall
Characterizing moisture damaged buildings : environmental and biological monitoring
Proceedings of the 9th Nordic Symposium on Building Physics : NSB 2011, Tampere, 29 May - 2 June 2011. Volume 1
Toxigenic Stachybotrys chartarum in water-damaged building materials : ecology and biology
Mould prevention and collection Recovery : guidelines for heritage collections
Immunologic and pulmonary reactivity in schoolchildren from moisture and mould damaged school buildings : a three-year follow-up study
Moisture, mold and health
Handling the young cerebral palsied child at home
Sick building syndrome and related illness : prevention and remediation of mold contamination
Condition management systems for wooden buildings
Microbial contamination of building materials : growth and aerosolization
Remedial treatment of buildings
Microbial exposure in remediation work
Restoration and preservation of library resources, documents and books : a collection of three works: Collection of materials on the preservation of library resources. 2-3, New methods for the restoration and preservation of documents and books
Fungal facts : solving fungal problems in heritage collections
Abstract. - Yhteenveto.
The present state of and the requirements for indoor climate in the home environment of occupants with respiratory diseases
Inflammatory and cytotoxic potential of selected moldy house microbes in vitro
Fungal contamination : a manual for investigation, remediation, and control
Proceedings of the 9th Nordic Symposium on Building Physics : NSB 2011, Tampere, 29 May - 2 June 2011. Volume 3
Damp building moulds: assessment of sensitization in patients and studies into mechanisms of airway inflammation using experimental models
Validity of detection of microbial growth in buildings by trained dogs
Timber decay in buildings : the conservation approach to treatment
Microbial exposure and health in schools : effects of moisture damage and renovation
Decay mechanisms of brown-rot fungi
Summary.
Field investigations of moisture problems in buildings. Part 2, Measuring moisture in buildings
Healthy buildings 2000 : proceedings. Vol. 3, Microbes, moisture and building physics
Proceedings of the 9th Nordic Symposium on Building Physics : NSB 2011.
Proceedings of the 9th Nordic Symposium on Building Physics : NSB 2011, Tampere, 29 May - 2 June 2011. Volume 2
Microbial exposure and childhood asthma : protective and adverse effects
HAM and mould growth analysis of a wooden wall / Filip Fedorik, Kimmo Illikainen
Moisture and mould problems in school buildings : a clinical study on the health effects in schoolchildren
Biology in the conservation of works of art
Water in buildings : an architect's guide to moisture and mold
Bioaerosols, fungi and mycotoxins : health effects, assessment, prevention and control
Health-related costs of moisture and mold in dwellings
Field investigations of moisture problems in buildings. Part 3, Moisture and mould
Moisture and fungal spore transport in outdoor air-ventilated crawl spaces in a cold climate
