http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1895 chivalric fiction
chivalric fiction
Arthur Rex : a legendary novel
The endless text : Don Quixote and the hermeneutics of romance
Women and marriage in German medieval romance
The Virgin and the Grail : origins of a legend
Valtaistuinpeli = Game of thrones. 3. kausi
Guy of Warwick : icon and ancestor
The road to Jerusalem
The adventures of Don Quixote
Understanding genre and medieval romance
"Examines literary portrayals of women who practice healing and love magic, and argues that these figures were modeled on informally trained practitioners common in the magico-medical paradigm of the high Middle Ages, and were well-respected and successful"--Provided by publisher.
In 1401, Christine de Pizan (1365-1430?), one of the most renowned and prolific woman writers of the Middle Ages, wrote a letter to the provost of Lille criticizing the highly popular and widely read "Romance of the Rose" for its blatant and unwarranted misogynistic depictions of women. This work gives context to this debate.
Valtaistuinpeli. 4.kausi = Game of thrones. The complete fourth season
Valtaistuinpeli = Game of thrones. 1. kausi
The Scottish romance tradition c.1375-c.1550 : nation, chivalry and knighthood
A history of young people in the West. Vol. 1, Ancient and medieval rites of passage
Empire of magic : medieval romance and the politics of cultural fantasy
The Knight and chivalry
Tradition and transformation in medieval romance
Gender and the chivalric community in Malory's Morte d'Arthur
Saints and sinners : heavenly chivalry in Malory's Tale of the Sankgreal
Norse romance. Vol. 1, The Tristan legend
Game of thrones. The complete fifth season
Heroes and Anti-Heroes in Medieval Romance
Boundaries in medieval romance
The Arthur of the North : the Arthurian legend in the Norse and Rus' realms
The Italian romance epic in the age of humanism : the matter of Italy and the world of Rome
The ballad and oral literature
The return to Camelot : chivalry and the English gentleman
Paper swordsmen : Jin Yong and the modern Chinese martial arts novel
Valtaistuinpeli = Game of thrones. 2. kausi
Texts in multiple versions : histories of editions
Sir Degare : a study of the texts and narrative structure
Karlamagnús saga : the saga of Charlemagne and his heroes. Vol. 1, [pt. 1-3]
Game of thrones. The complete fourth season
The idea of Anglo-Saxon England in Middle English romance
Road to Jerusalem : [the epic tale of a crusader knight]
Merlin : a casebook
Valtaistuinpeli = Game of thrones. 5. kausi
The literature of hope in the Middle Ages and today : connections in medieval romance, modern fantasy, and science fiction
The illustrated encyclopaedia of Arthurian legends
Perceforest : the prehistory of King Arthur's Britain
The legend of Guy of Warwick
Art and tradition in Sir Gawain and the Green Knight
Chivalric fiction and the history of the novel
The Cambridge companion to the Arthurian legend
The unholy Grail : a social reading of Chrétien de Troyes's Conte du Graal
The elements of the Arthurian tradition
Deals with the introduction of romance to Scandinavia in the thirteenth century and the cultural and literary context of the translations of Latin and French Arthurian literature, including the Tristan legend (with a chapter on the Byelorussian Tristan)
Birth of the kingdom
Middle English hagiography and romance in fifteenth-century England : from competition to critique
Valtaistuinpeli = Game of thrones. 4. kausi
The impetus of amateur scholarship : discussing and editing medieval romances in late-eighteenth and nineteenth-century Britain
Karlamagnús saga = The saga of Charlemagne and his heroes. Vol. 3, [Parts V-X]
Karlamagnús saga : the saga of Charlemagne and his heroes. Vol. 2 , [pt. 4], King Agulandus
Erec and Enide
The romances of Chrétien de Troyes
The Arthur of the French : the Arthurian legend in medieval French and Occitan literature
Weaving narrative : clothing in twelfth-century French romance
The long sword
Medieval romance and material culture
Malory's anatomy of chivalry : characterization in the Morte Darthur
Critical studies of Sir Gawain and the Green Knight
Lancelot of the Laik : a Scottish metrical romance (about 1490-1500 A.D.)
A reading of Sir Gawain and the Green Knight
The Romaunce of the Sowdone of Babylone and of Ferumbras his Sone who conquerede Rome
The beginnings of medieval romance : fact and fiction, 1150-1220
Two-cylinder odyssey : a study of motorcycle travel literature
A companion to the Lancelot-Grail cycle
Reinventing King Arthur : the Arthurian legends in Victorian culture
Heroes of the Round Table
Geoffrey of Monmouth
Shakespearean tragedy as chivalric romance : rethinking Macbeth, Hamlet, Othello, and King Lear
Love cures : healing and love magic in old French romance
The Arthurian name dictionary
Castles in the Air
The romance of the rose
Debate of the Romance of the rose
Brethren
The table of less valued knights
Chivalry and exploration, 1298-1630
A dictionary of medieval heroes : characters in medieval narrative traditions and their afterlife in literature, theatre, and the visual arts
The holy Grail : its origins, secrets & meanings revealed
The first comprehensive book on the Arthurian legend in medieval and Renaissance Italy since Edmund G. Gardiner's 1930 The Arthurian Legend in Italian Literature. Arthurian material reached all levels of Italian society, from princely courts with their luxury books and frescoed palaces, to the merchant classes and even popular audiences in the piazza, which enjoyed shorter retellings in verse and prose.
The Arthur of the Italians : the Arthurian legend in Medieval Italian literature and culture
A tarantula in your bed? a lexical problem in Partonopeus de Blois
The Arthur of medieval Latin literature : the development and dissemination of the Arthurian legend in medieval Latin
"Analyzes the relationship between twelfth-century French material culture, especially with regard to attire and personal adornment, and the compositional and narrative techniques used in the emerging genre of courtly verse romance"--Provided by publisher.
Pulp fictions of medieval England : essays in popular romance
