http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18909 C language
C language
Means to optimize code performance in DSP environment
C++ : I/O streams, containers, and standard classes
Programming and connecting embedded systems
Head first C
Objective-C
Programming in C
Development of software to hide text inside a picture : steganography
C programming in a UNIX environment
Starting out with C++ : from control structures through objects
Sams teach yourself C in 21 days
Problem Sovling with C++ : The Object of Programming
Beginning C++ : the complete language
Abstract: HyperNotifier.
Inheritance and other main principles of C++ and other object-oriented languages
Real-time systems development
Using ANSI C in UNIX
Algorithms in C++
C by example : special edition
Process methods in zero-defect software engineering
Professional functional programming in C# : classic programming techniques for modern projects
Regular expressions cookbook
Recognition of tuner information from I2C-BUS
The Art of C programming
SAMS Teach Yourself C++ in 24 Hours
Fundamentals of embedded software : with the ARM Cortex -M3
UML design for embedded systems
C# : a programmer's introduction
Beginning iPadTM Application Development
Universal multimedia framework for online videoconferencing : Radical Chat
C and the 8051 programming for multitasking
Data structures and algorithm analysis in C
C for dummies
Abstract: Aspect oriented data management in Autodesk AutoCAD with Microsoft .NET.
iPhone open application development
A first book of Ansi C
C and the 8051
Merging Bluetooth with Lonworks technology
Improving automated testing of S40 software
Advanced PIC microcontroller projects in C : from USB to RTOS with the PIC18F series
C for engineers and scientists : an interpretive approach
Microcontroller projects in C for the 8051
Practical C programming
Programming in ANSI C
C# 3.0 in a nutshell
Object-oriented programming with C++
Using GStreamer in Maemo
Development of a text-to-speech voice prompt generator for the Tecnomen multimessaging system
Schaum's outline of theory and problems of programming with C
Aspect oriented data management in Autodesk AutoCAD with Microsoft .NET
C : how to program
Beginning C# object-oriented programming
Visual Studio.Net with C#
C programming for the absolute beginner : the fun way to learn programming
Starting out with C++ : early objects
Schaum's outline of theory and problems of fundamentals of computing with C++
C for dummies : volume I
ANSI C made easy
C programming made simple : (the complete text book for MCA. M.Sc. (IT), B.E. (Comp. Sc.), BCA, PGDCA and other IT related examinations including distance learning education programme)
The 8051 microcontroller : Hardware, software and interfacing
The C programming language
.Net Domain-Driven Design with C# : Problem - Design - Solution
Beginning C : from novice to professional
A book on C : programming in C
Using brickOs with LEGO Mindstorms RCX brick and establishing infrared communication
C program design for engineers
C (programming language) : C (programming language), C99, C syntax, C variable types and declarations, operators in C and C, C string, programming language, Bell laps, operating system
Edistynyttä ohjelmointia : sophisticated programming
Teach yourself C
C++ : the complete reference
Refactoring workbook
Problem solving and program design in C
Procedural programming and its difference from oriented programming
Beginning C for Arduino : learn C programming for the Arduino
Computing consepts with C++ essentials
C++ for dummies
The C standard : incorporating technical corrigendum 1
Abstract: Universal multimedia framework for online videoconferencing : Radical Chat.
Interfacing with C
C : a reference manual
Windows C++ coding convention
A course on C
Designing embedded systems with PIC microcontrollers : principles and applications
The art and science of C : a library-based introduction to computer science
Algorithms in C : parts 1-4 : fundamentals, data structures, sorting, searching
Theory and Problems of Programming with C
Sams teach yourself C# in 21 days
Advanced Perl programming
Programming 8-bit PIC microcontrollers in C : with interactive hardware simulation
Smart syntax highlighting for dynamically typed languages : Case: Common Lisp in Emacs
Turbo C : the essentials of C programming
C : an introduction to programming
Programming for engineers : a foundational approach to learning C and Matlab
Alternate version of Starting out with C++
Data structures and program design in C
Introduction to Windows Azure : an introduction to cloud computing using Microsoft Windows Azure
Digital multirate filter for speech sampling on a microcontroller
DSP HW interfaces in WCDMA base station by using high-level programming language
Advanced fractal programming in C
HyperNotifier
C programming for the absolute beginner
Programming in the Key of C# : a primer for aspiring programmers
Mathematical tools in computer graphics with C# implementations
Object-Oriented Programming Using C++
Starting out with C++ : From control structures through objects
Calendar data transfer : between CUI and ISA phones
The C++ programming language
iPhone application development for dummies
The joy of C : programming in C
Functional programming in C# : classic programming techniques for modern projects
Embedded microcontrollers
Programming microcontrollers in C
The purpose of this thesis was to design and analyze of multirate anti-aliasing and reconstruction filters. The design was made for narrowband speech sampling on a low-power microcontroller. The goal was to achieve feasible construction with equal performance compared to an off-the-shelf voice codec solution. Human voice production and measurement were analyzed. The frequency content of human voice was studied for optimal design. Speech is frequency encoded signal and authentic capturing requires careful signal conditioning. For narrowband speech with optimal sampling, aliasing poses a threat to the signal quality and requires filters with high roll-off. Speech sampling theory was reviewed and common sampling techniques compared for analysis to aid the design. The design used an SAR ADC, a more common ADC for microcontrollers, which was compared to a delta-sigma ADC that is usually seen in audio applications. Oversampling was used for digital anti-aliasing filter design. Analog and digital design were combined to minimize analog filter stage requirements. FIR filters were designed and analyzed in Mathworks Matlab. The filter design used multirate construction to separate decimation and interpolation stages to more compact size, thus reducing the total filter coefficient amount and computational requirements significantly. The design was realized on ARM Cortex M3 microcontroller. FIR filter instances were constructed using ARM CMSIS DSP library. The code for the project was created on free to use web-based ARM mbed IDE. Simulation and measurements showed that aliasing requirements were achieved in the designed accuracy.
Teach yourself Borland C++Builder 3 in 21 Days
Practical digital video with programming examples in C
Programming embedded systems : 8-bit microcontrollers
Abstract: Programming and connecting embedded systems.
Programming C#
Programming with objects : a comparative presentation of object-oriented programming with C++ and Java
C programming for Arduino : learn how to program and use Arduino boards with a series of engaging examples, illustrating each core concept / Julien Bayle
C++ programming in easy steps
Succinct representation of ternary tree
Algorithms in C.
Aspect Oriented Data Management in Autodesk AutoCAD with Microsoft .Net
Introduction to C programming : a modular approach
Abstract: Using BrickOs with LEGO Mindstorms RCX brick and establishing infrared communication.
Programming 16-bit PIC microcontrollers in C : learning to fly the PIC 24
Data structures : a pseudocode approach with C
C# 6.0 cookbook
Fundamentals of engineering programming with C and Fortran
Support for asynchronous applications in Wap
Epigraphy, philology, and the Hebrew Bible : methodological perspectives on philological and comparative study of the Hebrew Bible in honor of Jo Ann Hackett
Computer fundamentals and programming in C
The CERT C coding standard : 98 rules for developing safe, reliable, and secure systems
Automatic generation of test software from test specification
Programming for chemical engineers using C, C++, and MATLAB®
Computer graphics : C version
Absolute beginner's guide to C.
C and the 8051. 2, Building efficient applications
