http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18947 paleoanthropology
paleoanthropology
100 years of Pithecanthropus : the Homo erectus problem
Human evolution : trails from the past
Anthropology in China : defining the discipline
Evolutionary linguistics
Dragutin Gorjanović-Kramberger i krapinski pračovjek : počeci suvremene paleoantropologije = Dragutin Gorjanović-Kramberger and Krapina early man
Health in past societies : biocultural interpretations of human skeletal remains in archaeological contexts
Bones and ochre : the curious afterlife of the Red Lady of Paviland
What can we learn from the genes of our closest evolutionary relatives? Beginning with the study of DNA in Egyptian mummies in the early 1980s and culminating in his sequencing of the Neanderthal genome in 2009.  From Paabo, we learn how Neanderthal genes offer a unique window into the lives of our hominin relatives and may hold the key to unlocking the mystery of why humans survived while Neanderthals went extinct.  Drawing on genetic and fossil clues, Paabo explores what is known about the origin of modern humans and their relationship to the Neanderthals and describes the fierce debate surrounding the nature of the two species' interactions
The evolution and history of human populations in South Asia : inter-disciplinary studies in archaeology, biological anthropology, linguistics and genetics
Missing links : the hunt for earliest man
"Human children grow at a uniquely slow pace by comparison with other mammals. When and where did this schedule evolve? Have technological advances, farming and cities had any effect upon it? Addressing these and other key questions in palaeoanthropology and bioarchaeology, Simon Hillson examines the unique role of teeth in preserving detailed microscopic records of development throughout childhood and into adulthood. The text critically reviews theory, assumptions, methods and literature, providing the dental histology background to anthropological studies of both growth rate and growth disruption. Chapters also examine existing studies of growth rate in the context of human evolution and primate development more generally, together with implications for life history. The final chapters consider how defects in the tooth development sequence shed light on the consequences of biological and social transitions, contributing to our understanding of the evolution of modern human development and cognition"--
Olduvai Gorge. Vol. 4, The skulls, endocasts, and teeth of homo habilis, pts 1-9
Human biology and history
Reconstruction of life from the skeleton
Genes, culture, and human evolution : a synthesis
Paleodemography : age distribution from skeletal samples
Why we like music : ear, emotion, evolution
Radiocarbon dating : an archaeological perspective
Wildlife wars : my fight to save Africa's natural treasures
How to think like a Neandertal
The archaeology of disease
Neanderthal man : in search of lost genomes
Handbook of paleoanthropology
From Lucy to language
Bones, stones, and molecules : "out of Africa" and human origins
Encyclopedia of human evolution and prehistory
Shaping humanity : how science, art, and imagination help us understand our origins
Fossil legends of the first Americans
Investigations of ancient human tissue : chemical analyses in anthropology
The fossil trail : how we know what we think we know about human evolution
The Cambridge encyclopedia of human evolution
"How did the biological, brain and behavioural structures underlying human language evolve? When, why and where did our ancestors become linguistic animals, and what has happened since? This book provides a clear, comprehensive but lively introduction to these interdisciplinary debates. Written in an approachable style, it cuts through the complex, sometimes contradictory and often obscure technical languages used in the different scientific disciplines involved in the study of linguistic evolution. Assuming no background knowledge in these disciplines, the book outlines the physical and neurological structures underlying language systems, and the limits of our knowledge concerning their evolution. Discussion questions and further reading lists encourage students to explore the primary literature further, and the final chapter demonstrates that while many questions still remain unanswered, there is a growing consensus as to how modern human languages have arisen as systems by the interplay of evolved structures and cultural transmission".
Studies on the chronology, material culture and subsistence economy of the Finnish Mesolithic, 10 000-6000 b.p
Walking upright : results of the 13th International Senckenberg Conference at the Werner Reimers Foundation, Bad Homburg v. d. H., and at the Senckenberg Research Institute, Frankfurt am Main October 5-9, 1999
Between biology and culture
The Namib Sand Sea : dune forms, processes and sediments
The use of body mass prediction in paleoanthropology : defining species and mating system
Climate change and cultural dynamics : a global perspective on holocene transitions
The analysis of burned human remains
Lucy : the beginnings of humankind
Born in Africa : the quest for the origins of human life
Palaeoeconomy : being the second volume of papers in economic prehistory by members and associates of the British Academy major research project in the early history of agriculture
The origins of man : [an illustrated history of human evolution]
Regionality and biotope exploitation in Danish Ertebølle and adjoining periods
The last human : a guide to twenty-two species of extinct humans
Early humans and their world
The wisdom of bones : in search of human origins
Paleoanthropology
Spatial pattering among animal bones in settlement archaeology : an English regional exploration
Women in human evolution
Making silent stones speak : human evolution and the dawn of technology
Missing links : in search of human origins
The origin of humankind
Language in the Würm glaciation : acta colloquii
The human lineage
Our earliest ancestors
Alone in the world? : human uniqueness in science and theology
Opus : meždisciplinarnye issledovaniâ v arheologii = Opus : interdisciplinary investigation in archaeology. Vyp. = Vol. 3
Opus : meždisciplinarnye issledovaniâ v arheologii = [Opus : interdisciplinary investigation in archaeology]. Vyp. = Vol. 6
Human evolution : an illustrated introduction
The bioarchaeology of metabolic bone disease
Tooth development in human evolution and bioarchaeology
The story of human evolution : missing links alive!
Bioarchaeology : the contextual analysis of human remains
Populations of the Nordic countries : human population biology from the present to the Mesolithic : proceedings of the Second Seminar of Nordic Physical Anthropology, Lund 1990
Archaeology at the millennium : a sourcebook
Thinking big : how the evolution of social life shaped the human mind
The cave of Fontéchevade : recent excavations and their paleoanthropological implications
World prehistory : a brief introduction
The sixth extinction : biodiversity and its survival
The human bone manual
The wisdom of the bones : in search of human origins
Sex and gender in paleopathological perspective
The human story : where we come from and how we evolved
Lucy's child : the discovery of a human ancestor
