http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1898 anthroposophy
anthroposophy
A psychology of body, soul & spirit : anthroposophy, psychosophy & pneumatosophy : twelve lectures, Berlin, October 23-27, 1909, November 1-4, 1910, December 12-16, 1911
Rudolf Steiner as a religious authority
The cultural products of new religions and spiritualities are frequently ignored or dismissed within academia, often stemming from a hesitation to acknowledge these movements as genuine. This volume explores the impact of new religions upon cultural production, exemplifying the theological and spiritual principles of particular movements and demonstrating their substantial impact on wider society. Contributions explore the realms of music, architecture, food, art, books, films, video games, and more. This scholarship will be of interest to those who wish to explore the gamut of modern religious expression, and those who wish to broaden their knowledge of the spiritual origins of human culture.
Light on life
Goetheanum, Dornach
The new essential Steiner : an introduction to Rudolf Steiner for the 21st century
Symposium on Anthroposophical Music and Singing Therapy : Sylvia-koti, Lahti, Finland, April 24-26, 1997.
Übersicht über die nach der Pädagogik Rudolf Steiners arbeitenden Schulen und Lehrerbildungsstätten = World list of Rudolf Steiner (Waldorf) schools and teacher training centers. 2001.
The esoteric milieu in Finland today
The education of the child : and early lectures on education
Isis Sophia. 1, Introducing astrosophy : monthly astronomical letters April 1944 - March 1946
The XV Symposium of the Signe and Ane Gyllenberg Foundation : research in anthroposophical medicine
Charting the void
Rudolf Steiner : Kolminkertainen luominen : luentopiirustuksia 1919-1924 : Kiasma, nykytaiteen museo 22.6. - 17.9.2000 = The triple creation : blackboard drawings 1919 -1924 : Kiasma, Museum of Contemporary Art 22.6. - 17.9.2000 / näyttelyn kuraattori = curated by Walter Kügler
"A touch of the spiritual world" : an anthroposophical core in the life and work of Kersti Bergroth (1886-1975)
Reconciling scientific approaches for organic farming research
Isis Sophia. 2, An outline of a new star wisdom
Stillness in the storm
Kristalli : festiv[e] number for the opening of Sylvia-koti hall, Easter 1987.
Summary: Parapharmaceutical products at the pharmacy.
Western esoterism : ultimate sacred postulates and ritual fields
Rudolf Steiner : an introduction to his life and work
Secret brotherhoods and the mystery of the human double : seven lectures given in St Gallen, Zurich and Dornach between 6 and 25 November 1917
Rudolf Steiner : his life and work
Soul economy and Waldorf education
Isis Sophia. 3, Our relationship with the stars
Rudolf Steiner : arjen muotoilija = Rudolf Steiner : vardagsformgivaren = Rudolf Steiner : designer of the everyday
Together at the table of brotherhood
Ita Wegman and anthroposophy : a conversation with Emanuel Zeylmans
An introduction to anthroposophy : Rudolf Steiner's world view
A life for the spirit : Rudolf Steiner in the crosscurrents of our time
Autobiography :  Chapters in the course of my life: 1861-1907
Kolminkertainen luominen : luentopiirustuksia 1919-1924 = The triple creation : blackboard drawings 1919-1924
Bodhisattva question : Krishnamurti, Rudolf Steiner, Annie Besant, Valentin Tomberg, and the mystery of the twentieth-century master
The foundations of human experience
"Steiner schools have helped carry the flag of liberal, creative, humanistic education through these dark ages and can now act as a beacon. Professor Peter Woods, formerly of the Open University.Contributors to this accessible book will show how Steiner kindergarten practice can offer an understanding of observation and assessment which is strikingly different from approaches found in many nursery and reception classes, and yet it's this understanding that can encourage deep reflection on practitioners' and students' values and principles. Drawing on their extensive research in the field, the contributors, who include experienced Steiner educators and early childhood experts from other traditions, have worked together to explore and understand what is distinctive about Steiner kindergarten practice. Whilst observation and assessment are not the appropriate terms to describe the more relaxed, intuitive and trusting ways in which Steiner teachers aim to meet with children, the researchers used these techniques to present and explore the variety of perspectives on Steiner kindergarten practice. Key aspects of the Steiner philosophy, such as caring for the physical environment, respecting the rhythms and routines in what children do, and creating an environment that allows teachers and children to properly get to know each other are explored. In these chapters, readers will meet with aspects of the Steiner philosophy which will help to inform and expand on their own practice as early years professionals"-- Provided by publisher.
Anthroposophy A-Z : a glossary of terms relating to Rudolf Steiner's spiritual philosophy
Perspectives on the threshold
Lao Tzu and Anthroposophy : a translation of the Tao te ching with commentary and a Lao Tzu document "The great one excretes water"
The atlas of lost cults and mystery religions : rediscover extraordinary traditions from the dawn of time
Western esotericism : based on papers read at the Symposium on Western Esotericism held at Åbo, Finland on 15-17 August 2007
Contributors include: Joseph Azize, Chiara Baldini, Lauren Bernauer, Anthony Blake, Liselotte Frisk, Kennet Granholm, Christopher Hartney, Graham Harvey, Graham Hassall, Jay Johnston, Jenny McFarlane, Elisha McIntyre, Milad Milani, Nathaniel Samuel Murrell, Rod Pattenden, David Pecotic, Johanna Petsche, Adam Possamai, Alphia Possamai-Inesedy, Jason Prior, Eric Repphun, Stephen D. Ricks, David G. Robertson, Bettina E. Schmidt, Justin Snider, Graham St John, Michael F. Strmiska, Mona Suhrbier, Jaap Timmer, Garry W. Trompf, and Benjamin E. Zeller.
Mary and Sophia : the feminine element in the spiritual evolution of humanity
Theosophy : an introduction to the supersensible knowledge of the world and the destination of man
Cosmic Christianity ; The changing countenance of cosmology
Drawings from projective geometry
Summary.
Sophia, the Wisdom of God, has spoken to human beings at many different times and places since primeval times. Her origin in God places her alongside the Logos in cosmic significance while at the same time raising deep questions concerning her role in human evolution. What was her connection to Eve and to Mary? How has she been worshipped in the past and what is our proper relationship to her now? Michael Debus discusses archetypes of the feminine and Sophia's relationship to Mary, Jesus and the Holy Spirit, and most importantly, Sophia's significance for modern, seeking human souls. Written from an anthroposophical perspective, his sources include the Old and New Testaments, the writings of the early church fathers, as well as those of the Orthodox Church (especially Vladimir Solovyov), the Christian mystic Jakob Bohme, and many others. Basic Christian concepts such as creation, the law, sin, death and resurrection, forgiveness, redemption, and the Christian idea of spiritual evolution in freedom, appear richer and more plausible when seen in the light of Sophia's connection to humanity. This book compresses a wealth of ideas into a few chapters, and will serve many as a stimulus for further study of the role of the divine feminine in our spiritual striving.
The image of blood
"What can early years practitioners learn from Steiner kindergartens? What is distinctive about Steiner kindergarten teachers' ways of getting to know children? As demands for accountability in early years settings continue to grow, external pressure to assess children and to measure their progress can disrupt the development of informal and intimate relationships between teachers and children. The contributors to this book, who include both experienced Steiner educators and early childhood experts from other backgrounds, have worked together to explore and understand what is distinctive about Steiner kindergarten practice. They present a variety of perspectives on the ways in which kindergarten teachers' practices, values and beliefs can help children to find and construct their own identities, through play and through engagement in the life of their community. The authors explore key aspects of Steiner kindergarten practice, including caring for the physical environment, establishing rhythms and routines for children's activity, and providing times and spaces in which teachers and children can get to know each other. By meeting with children and teachers, through rich accounts of day to day life in kindergartens and through accounts of the values and principles which inform their practice, readers will be encouraged to question and reflect on their own approaches to observation and assessment"-- Provided by publisher.
Working with destiny. 2
Anthroposophy and astrology : the astronomical letters of Elisabeth Vreede
The essentials of education : five lectures deleiered during the Educational Conference at the Waldorf School, Stuttgart, April 8th to 12th, 1924
Trumpet to the morn
Education and teaching as preventive medicine : pedagogical - therapeutical indications given by Rudolf Steiner for school doctors and teachers at Waldorf Schools
The Origin of Orb : an extremely simple explanation of the origin of absolutely everything
Meeting the child in Steiner kindergartens : an exploration of beliefs, values, and practices
Essentials of nutrition
Übersicht über die nach der Pädagogik Rudolf Steiners arbeitenden Schulen und Lehrerbildungsstätten = World list of Rudolf Steiner (Waldorf) schools and teacher training centers. 2002.
Handbook of new religions and cultural production
The roots of education : five lectures given in Berne April 13th to 17th, 1924
Rudolf Steiner's research into Karma and the mission of the Anthroposophical Society
Working with destiny. [1], The practice of karma research
Nietzsche's anthropic circle : man, science, and myth
