http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18977 dialect words
dialect words
The Scottish national dictionary : designed partly on regional lines and partly on historical principles, and containing all the Scottish words known to be in use or to have been in use since c. 1700
Irish words & phrases
Words apart : a dictionary of Northern Ireland English
Lexical characteristics of the Estonian north eastern coastal dialect
A dictionary of North East dialect
Commentationes Fenno-Ugricae in honorem Paavo Ravila
Word order, agreement, and pronominalization in standard and Palestinian Arabic
The concise Scots dictionary
Word order in övdalian : a study in variation and change
Contemporary Korean linguistics: international perspectives
An introduction to Irish English
Variations in the assimilation of Arabic and English loans into the Swahili of Mombasa, Kenya
Lappisk (samisk) ordbok = Lapp dictionary. Bd = Vol. 4, Systematisk del = Systematic part
A concise Ulster dictionary
Lost words and lost worlds : modernity and the language of everyday life in late nineteenth-century Stockholm
Old English guđrinc in Beowulf, 1118b
The English dialect dictionary : being the complete vocabulary of all dialect words still in use, or known to have been in use during the last two hundred years. 6, T-Z
A dictionary of English usage in Southern Africa
The English dialect dictionary : being the complete vocabulary of all dialect words still in use, or known to have been in use during the last two hundred years. 6, T-Z, Supplement, Bibliography
Gowerland and its language : a history of the English speech of the Gower Peninsula, South Wales
Dictionary of American regional English. Vol. 3, I-O
"This volume presents a series of original papers focusing on phonological argumentation, set within the framework of Optimality Theory. It contains two major sections: chapters about the evidence for and methodology used in discovering the bases of phonological theory, i.e., how constraints are formed and what sort of evidence is relevant in positing them; and case studies that focus on particular theoretical issues within Optimality Theory, usually through selected phenomena in one or more languages, arguing in favor of or against specific formal analyses." -- Publisher's description.
Traditional dialect in the modern world : a Glasgow case study
The English dialect dictionary : being the complete vocabulary of all dialect words still in use, or known to have been in use during the last two hundred years. 5, R-S
Sign and culture : a reader for students of American sign language
How to talk like a local : from Cockney to Geordie, a national dictionary
Dictionary of Smoky Mountain English
The English dialect dictionary : being the complete vocabulary of all dialect words still in use, or known to have been in use during the last two hundred years. 3, H-L
A pocket dictionary of the spoken Arabic of Cairo : English-Arabic
Phonological argumentation : essays on evidence and motivation
Aw, shucks! : the dictionary of country jawing
Lappisk (samisk) ordbok = Lapp dictionary. Bd = Vol. 3, N-AE
Dictionary of American regional English
Survey of English dialects : the dictionary and grammar
Dictionary of American regional English. Vol. 2, D-H
The Oxford paperback American dictionary
The English dialect dictionary : being the complete vocabulary of all dialect words still in use, or known to have been in use during the last two hundred years. 2, D-G
A classical dictionary of the vulgar tongue
Tibeto-Mongolica : the Tibetan loanwords of Monguor and the development of the archaic Tibetan dialects
North Saami summary.
Proverbs from the Lamu archipelago and the central Kenya coast
Lappisk (samisk) ordbok = Lapp dictionary. Bd = Vol. 2, G-M
Swearing : a social history of foul language, oaths and profanity in English
Loan verbs in Maltese : a descriptive and comparative study
How to talk like a Local : From Cockney to Geordie, a national companion
Msamiati wa pekee wa Kikae = Kae specific vocabulary
How to talk like a local : from Cockney to Geordie
An index by region, usage, and etymology to the Dictionary of American regional English, volume III
Words and varieties : lexical variation in Saami
Gendai Chibettogo dōshi jiten : Rasa hōgen = A verb dictionary of the modern spoken Tibetan of Lhasa, Tibetan-Japanese
A glossary of Irish slang and unconventional language
Jargon : its uses and abuses
Tai linguistics in honor of Fang-kuei Li
An Irish literary dictionary and glossary
Dictionary of Newfoundland English
Lappisk (samisk) ordbok grunnet på dialektene i Polmak, Karasjok og Kautokeino = = Lapp dictionary based on the dialects of Polmak, Karasjok and Kautokeino
Dictionary of American regional English. Vol. V, Sl - Z
Dictionary of Jamaican English
Dictionary of Prince Edward Island English
The English dialect dictionary : being the complete vocabulary of all dialect words still in use, or known to have been in use during the last two hundred years. 4, M-Q
Tones and tunes. Volume 1, Typological studies in word and sentence prosody
Essex and Lancashire English : a comparision
Dialectology and sociolinguistics : essays in honor of Karl-Hampus Dahlstedt 19 april 1977
An index by region, usage, and etymology to the Dictionary of American regional English, volumes I and II
The Realisation of Prominence in Three Varieties of Standard Spoken Finnish
Latvian and Finnic linguistic convergences
Folk stories and personal narratives in Palestinian spoken Arabic : a cultural and linguistic study
A Doric dictionary : two-way lexicon of North-East Scots : Doric-English, English-Doric
Secret language
The English dialect dictionary : being the complete vocabulary of all dialect words still in use, or known to have been in use during the last two hundred years
Arabic borrowings in Ṣūrayt/Ṭūrōyo within the framework of phonological correspondences : in comparison with other Semitic languages
Dictionary of Caribbean English usage
The realisation of prominence in three varieties of standard spoken Finnish
The Finno-Ugric peoples
Suomen murteiden taajuussanasto = A frequency dictionary of Finnish dialects
The Orton Corpus : a dictionary of Northumbrian pronunciation 1928-1939
Kratkij anglo-russkij i russko-anglijskij slovar' ugolovnogožargona = Concise English-Russian and Russian-English dictionary of the underworld
The English dialect dictionary : being the complete vocabulary of all dialect words still in use, or known to have been in use during the last two hundred years. 1, A-C
Lexical variation and attrition in the Scottish fishing communities
An introduction to sociolinguistics
Dictionary of American regional English. Vol. 4, P-Sk
Asian highlands perspectives. 1
Syntactic variation : the dialects of Italy
Paycocks and patriots : a study on the dialect in O'Casey's Dublin trilogy
Words derived from Old Norse in early Middle English : studies in the vocabulary of the South-West Midland texts
English Pashto & Dari Dictionary
Heritage of the Tamils : language and grammar
A dictionary of Syrian Arabic : English-Arabic
A dictionary of South African English
