http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18997 Jewish-Roman Wars
Jewish-Roman Wars First Jewish-Roman War
Edith's story
The greatest escape : how one French community saved thousands of lives from the Nazis
To forgive..but not forget : Maja's story
Shtetl : the history of a small town and an extinguished world
Overcoming the past, determining its consequences and finding solutions for the present. A contribution for deaf studies and sign language education : Proceedings of the 6th Deaf History International Conference July 31 - August 04, 2006 at the Humbold University, Berlin
Eyewitness Auschwitz : three years in the gas chambers
Children and play in the Holocaust : games among the shadows
Village of secrets : Defying the Nazis in Vichy France
Raoul Wallenberg : the Swedish diplomat who saved 100000 Jews from the Nazi holocaust
The last Jews in Berlin
When Hitler stole pink rabbit
The myth of rescue : why the democracies could not have saved more Jews from the Nazis
Terror was central to the Nazi regime, and the Nazi concentration camps were places of horror where prisoners were dehumanized and robbed of their dignity and where millions were murdered. How did prisoners cope with the brutal and degrading conditions of life within the camps? In this highly original book Maja Suderland takes the reader inside the concentration camps and examines the everyday social life of prisoners - their daily activities and routines, the social relationships and networks they created and the strategies they developed to cope with the harsh conditions and the brutality of the guards. Without overlooking the violence of the camps, the contradictions of camp life or the elusive complexity of the multicultural prisoner society, Suderland explores the hidden social practices that enabled prisoners to preserve their human dignity and create a sense of individuality and community despite the appalling circumstances. This remarkable account of social life in extreme conditions will be of great interest to students and scholars in history, sociology and the social sciences generally, as well as to a wider readership interested in the Holocaust and the concentration camps.
Countrymen
Auschwitz : the Nazis and the 'final solution'
Representing the holocaust : history, theory, trauma
Judas Maccabaeus : the Jewish struggle against the Seleucids
The diary of a young girl : the definitive edition
Inside concentration camps : social life at the extremes
Anne Frank's tales from the secret annexe
Did six million really die? : report of the evidence in the Canadian "false news" trial of Ernst Zündel - 1988
Assistance to the Jews in Poland 1939-1945
Anne Frank : the biography
Treasures from the attic : the extraordinary story of Anne Frank's family
The Warsaw ghetto : the 45th anniversary of the uprising
Shards of memory : narratives of holocaust survival
The bravest battle : the twenty-eight days of the Warsaw ghetto uprising
Bloodlands : Europe between Hitler and Stalin
Holy war in Judaism : the fall and rise of a controversial idea
Forgotten voices of the holocaust
Emperor of lies
The world of Anne Frank
Encyclopedia of the Holocaust. Vol. 2, [E-K]
The statement
The holocaust : the Jewish tragedy
Hunting evil : how the Nazi war criminals escaped and the hunt to bring them to justice
Scroll of agony : the Warsaw diary
Then
The boy on the wooden box : how the impossible became possible ... on Schindler's list
Encyclopedia of the Holocaust. Vol. 4, [S-Z]
Once & Then
Five years in the Warsaw Ghetto : (The stars bear witness)
Masquerade : dancing around death in nazi-occupied Hungary
The diary of a young girl
Words to outlive us : eyewitness accounts from the Warsaw ghetto
The century of warfare. Volume 13, War in the Middle East: 1945-1989 ; Gulf War and the future
All but my life : a memoir
The persisting question : sociological perspectives and social contexts of modern antisemitism
Yossel : April 19, 1943
Defiance  : the true story of the Bielski partisans
The darkest hour : a novel
The holocaust : problems and perspectives of interpretation
The darkest hour
Anne Frank : from schoolgirl to voice of the holocaust
The diary of Mary Berg  : growing up in the Warsaw ghetto
Encyclopedia of the Holocaust. Vol. 3, [L-R]
The silent hours
The Jews of Warsaw, 1939-1943 : ghetto, underground, revolt
One small suitcase
My enemy's enemy : the butcher of Lyon
When Hitler stole pink rabbit ; and Bombs on aunt Dainty
The Holocaust in Lithuania between 1941 and 1944
Journal
An epic, sweeping tale set in wartime France, The Silent Hours follows three people whose lives are bound together, before war tears them apart: Adeline, a mute who takes refuge in a convent, haunted by memories of her past; Sebastian, a young Jewish banker whose love for the beautiful Isabelle will change the course of his life dramatically; Tristin, a nine-year-old boy, whose family moves from Paris to settle in a village that is seemingly untouched by war. Beautifully wrought, utterly compelling and with a shocking true story at its core, The Silent Hours is an unforgettable portrayal of love and loss.
The 6. Deaf History International Conference took place in Berlin from July 31 to August 4, 2006. It focused on how the European tragedy impacted Deaf People during the Second World War and particulary on the overarching theme of "Overcoming the past, determining its consequences and finding solutions for the present." The event was organized by the staff of the 6. Deaf History International (DHI) consisting mostly of members of the Interessensgemeinschaft Gehörloser jüdischer Abstammung in Deutschland (IGJAD, Association of the Deaf of Jewish Ancestry in Germany), in cooperation with the department of sign language education at Humboldt University, Berlin. These proceedings contain the most important findings from the Conference, written from a global perspective and illustrated with photos, with the aim of elucidating the history of the Deaf and associated complications, and how it was affected by contemporary events. The authors are researchers and experts in their respective fields. Several Deaf Jewish survivors, participants in Conference Panels, gave first-hand accounts of their World War II and Holocaust experiences. A selection of visual material from the exhibition is reproduced here as well. This publication is intended for all those interested in this long-neglected subject, and especially Deaf historians, Holocaust researchers, sociologists, geneticists, as well as educators and sign language researchers, in Germany and elsewhere. It offers a diverse range of interdisciplinary and interrelated insights.
Josephus : in nine volumes. 2, The Jewish war, books 1-3
The Walnut tree
Ocelâvaneto : sbornik dokuienti 1940-1944 = The survival : a compilation of documents 1940-1944
Hitler's willing executioners : ordinary Germans and the holocaust
One day in France : tragedy and betrayal in an occupied village
Encyclopedia of the holocaust
Blood money : the Swiss, the nazis and the looted billions
The Jewish war
Warsaw death ring 1939-1944
Those who save us
Roses from the earth : the biography of Anne Frank
In my hands : memories of a holocaust rescuer
Fatelessness : a novel
A blessing on the moon
Gone to ground : one woman's extraordinary account of survival in the heart of Nazi Germany
Blooms of darkness
The undertaking
The Dent atlas of the holocaust
