http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p19 extremist movements
extremist movements
Mystics and Messiahs : cults and new religions in American history
Radical : my journey from Islamist extremism to a democratic awakening
Policing meets new challenges : preventing radicalization and recruitment
Islamic curriculum on peace and counter terrorism : for young people and students
Antisemitism and xenophobia in Germany after unification
The lowland
Extremism vs. democracy in Central Europe : issues, experiences, challenges
Fundamentalist world : the new dark age of dogma
The potential role of Sufism in eradicating religious extremism in Punjab, Pakistan
"Rotten to the core" : variations of French nationalist anti-system rhetoric
The new politics of the right : neo-populist parties and movements in established democracies
The lost army of Cambyses
Rethinking islamist politics : culture, the state and islamism
The extreme right in Western Europe
The Israeli response to Jewish extremism and violence : defending democracy
Encyclopedia of fundamentalism
The Ku Klux Klan in the city 1915-1930
Born on a Tuesday
Proto-fascism in America : neoliberalism and the demise of democracy
Terrorist groups and the new tribalism : terrorism's fifth wave
The politics of unreason : right-wing extremism in America, 1790-1970
Inside ISIS : the brutal rise of a terrorist army
American extremists : militias, supremacists, klansmen, communists, & others
The world is facing inhumane and barbaric acts of terrorism which is destroying the peace and has become a major threat to world peace. The Islamic curriculum on peace and counter-terrorism provides resources from the Holy Qur'an, Hadith and authoritative books to provide a comprehensive ideological and theological counter narratives.
After bin Laden : Al-Qa'ida, the next generation
A space for hate : the white power movement's adaptation into cyberspace
Filming the modern Middle East : politics in the cinemas of Hollywood and the Arab world
Social cohesion and counter-terrorism : a policy contradiction?
The subversion of politics : European autonomous social movements and the decolonization of everyday life
"The fast consolidating identities along religious and ethnic lines in recent years have considerably 'minoritised' Muslims in India. The wide-ranging essays in this volume focus on the intensified exclusionary practices against Indian Muslims, highlighting how, amidst a politics of violence, confusing policy frameworks on caste and class lines, and institutionalised riot systems, the community has also suffered from the lack of leadership from within. At the same time, they have emerged as a 'mass' around which the politics of 'vote bank', 'appeasement', 'foreigners', 'Pakistanis within the country', etc. are innovated and played upon, making them further apprehensive about asserting their legitimate right to development. The important issue of the double marginalisation of Muslim women and attempts to reform the Muslim Personal Law by some civil society groups is also discussed. Contributed by academics, activists and journalists, the articles thus discuss issues of integration, exclusion and violence, and attempt to understand categories like 'identity', 'minority', 'multiculturalism', and 'nationalism' with regard to and in the context of Indian Muslims. The volume will be of great interest to those in sociology, politics, history, cultural studies, minority studies, Islamic studies, policy studies, geography, etc."--Publisher's website.
"Political extremism is one of the most pernicious, destructive and nihilistic forms of human expression. During the 20th century, in excess of 100 million people had their lives taken from them as the result of extremist violence. In this wide-ranging book Manus I. Midlarsky suggests that ephemeral gains, together with mortality salience, form basic explanations for the origins of political extremism and constitute a theoretical framework that also explains later mass violence. Midlarsky applies his framework to multiple forms of political extremism including the rise of Italian, Hungarian and Romanian fascism, Nazism, radical Islamism, and Soviet, Chinese and Cambodian communism. Other applications include a rampaging military (Japan, Pakistan, Indonesia) and extreme nationalism in Serbia, Croatia, the Ottoman Empire and Rwanda. Polish anti-Semitism after World War II and the rise of separatist violence in Sri Lanka are also examined".
Seeds of terror : how drugs, thugs, and crime are reshaping the Afghan war
The assassination of Yitzhak Rabin
Politics and the occult : the left, the right and the radically unseen
Terror and consent : the wars for the twenty-first century
Higher Ground
Cold courage
Jihad : the rise of militant Islam in Central Asia
How it all began : the personal account of a West German urban Guerrilla
The extreme right in France : from Pétain to Le Pen
Militant islam reaches America
The lowland : a novel
The anatomy of fascism
The radical right : the new American right expanded and updated
The Jihad fixation : agenda, strategy, portents
The making of a terrorist : recruitment, training, and root causes. Vol. 3, Root causes
The new extremism in 21st century Britain
The world is facing a great dilemma due to despicable, inhumane and barbaric acts of terrorism, indiscriminate killings, warfare, anarchy, disorder and suicide bombings over the past two decades. It is not only destroying the peace of any specific region, group or country but has become a major threat to world peace. Young People and Students living in various western countries who do not have conceptual clarity regarding Islam are wrongly considering terrorism and indiscriminate killing to be Jihad and are being drawn towards it. By quoting the Qur'an, hadith and texts from the books of Islamic Law out of context, they influence common Muslims who are not acquainted with the true teachings of Islam, especially youngsters. There is a need to provide authentic, comprehensive material against extremism to all people, from every walk of life, according to their needs, so that the conceptual and ideological confusions which may lead to terrorism can be eliminated. The  Islamic curriculum on peace and counter-terrorism was prepared for this purpose.
"What explains the cross-national variation in the radical right's electoral success over the last several decades? Challenging existing structural and institutional accounts, this book analyzes the dynamics of party building and explores the attitudes, skills and experiences of radical right activists in eleven different countries. Based on extensive field research and an original data set of radical right candidates for office, David Art links the quality of radical right activists to broader patterns of success and failure. He demonstrates how a combination of historical legacies and incentive structures produced activists who helped party building in some cases and doomed it in others. In an age of rising electoral volatility and the fading of traditional political cleavages, Inside the Radical Right makes a strong case for the importance of party leaders and activists as masters of their own fate"--Provided by publisher.
Terrorism : a history
Political Hinduism : the challenge of the Visva Hindu Parisad
Allah O Akbar : a journey through militant Islam
On extremism and democracy in Europe
The dark ages of the Golden Dawn : anthropological analysis and responsibility in the twilight zone of the Greek crisis
The radical right in late imperial Russia : dreams of a true fatherland?
Northstar compass
The book engages with an urgent and disturbing question: how are ordinary people readied to willingly kill others in the name of a cause? It compares narratives of actors in domains often assumed incomparable in academic discourse: Naxalites studied within the framework of peasant rebellion, social movement or recently even terrorism, and Hindu rioters viewed mostly under the broad rubric of ethnic violence. The book draws from the author's extensive and painstaking fieldwork, first with Naxalite armed cadre across seven districts in Jharkhand and Bihar, and later with participants in the 2002 riots in Gujarat. Viewed from the standpoint of the perpetrator or foot soldier, the book bridges hitherto sacrosanct boundaries between left-extremist and communal violence, making available a whole new dimension to the study of social mobilisation, the politics of identity and, with far reaching implications, discovers deep commonalities in the life-worlds and aspirations of those motivated to kill in the name of a cause in apparently disparate contexts. The findings of this compelling analysis of human actors -- ordinary people driven to extraordinary violence -- will interest the informed general reader, as also those interested in sociology, politics, violence studies, ethnic movements, Naxalism, policy studies, and peace & conflict studies.
Extreme right activists in Europe : through the magnifying glass
In the tracks of Breivik : far right networks in Northern and Eastern Europe
Roma and traveller inclusion in Europe. : green questions and answers
Racist extremism in Central and Eastern Europe
The master plan : ISIS, Al-Qaeda, and the Jihadi strategy for final victory
Islamic curriculum on peace and counter terrorism : for clerics, imams and teachers
The girl who beat ISIS : Farida's story
Inside Al-Qaeda and the Taliban : beyond 9/11
Historical legacies and the radical right in post-Cold War Central and Eastern Europe
Right response : understanding and countering populist extremism in Europe
Lives of Muslims in India : politics, exclusion and violence
Transforming the transformation? : the East European radical right in the political process
Transnational forms of contemporary neo-Nazi activity in Europe from the perspective of Czech neo-Nazis
Patriots, politics, and the Oklahoma City bombing
Taliban : Islam oil and the new great game in Central Asia
Antisemitism and the American far left
Taliban : the true story of the world's most feared fighting force
A futurist's guide to emergency management
Hindutva : who is a Hindu?
Localising national protest : the nuances of Greek political allegiance
Boko Haram : inside Nigeria's unholy war
Cybercrime : law enforcement, security and surveillance in the information age
Looks at the extremist Sunni jihadist group and argues that they present a great danger to the United States and the world, looking at the origin of the group, its objectives, and its unlawful terrorist strategies.
Love, poverty and war : journeys and essays
Expect resistance : a crimethink field manual
Holy war, Inc. : inside the secret world of Osama bin Laden
Hate : my life in the British far right
Russian antisemitism, Pamyat, and the demonology of zionism
Totality, charisma, authority
Dżihad i nowa wielka gra : paradoksy zagrożenia wojuja̜cym islamem w Azji Centralnej = Jihad vs. the new great game: paradoxes of militant Islamic threats in Central Asia
Defending democracy : reactions to extremism in interwar Europe
The making of a terrorist : recruitment, training, and root causes. Vol. 2, Training
"A study of the way hate groups, especially white supremacist groups, are using the Internet to spread their messages to a young audience. Attention is given to the legal debate over hate speech and free speech, and questions concerning ethics and rhetoric in the Internet space"--Provided by publisher.
Bad faith : the danger of religious extremism
Ordinary people, extraordinary violence : Naxalites and Hindu extremists in India
Origins of political extremism : mass violence in the twentieth century and beyond
Islam beyond the violent jihadis : an optimistic Muslim speaks
The culture of fascism : visions of the Far Right in Britain
The construction of history and nationalism in India : textbooks, controversies and politics
Right-wing extremism in Western Europe
Roots and routes of democracy and extremism : a broad based dialogue on the development of democracy and extremism in countries with large Muslim populations : October 10-12, 2005 Hotel Haikko Manor, Haikkoontie 114, Porvoo, Finland
Varieties of right-wing extremism in Europe
The Utopia of terror : life and death in wartime Croatia
The rise and fall of Al-Qaeda
Global Salafism : Islam's new religious movement
Salafi-Jihadism : the history of an idea
Encyclopedia of modern American extremists and extremist groups
Immigration, the extreme right and electoral context : the finnish case
Extreme right wing political violence and terrorism
Reconciling France against democracy : the Croix de feu and the Parti social français, 1927-1945
Little Warrior
Blood in the face : the Ku Klux Klan, Aryan Nations, Nazi skinheads, and the rise of a new white culture
Extremism, counter-terrorism and policing
While Europe slept : how radical Islam is destroying the West from within
The legitimization of violence
Extremism versus intercultural dialogue : how and why people turn to extremist movements
Populism, media and education : challenging discrimination in contemporary digital societies
Europe's contending identities : supranationalism, ethnoregionalism, religion, and new nationalism
Thieves of state : why corruption threatens global security
Religion and the racist right : the origins of the Christian identity movement
President Obama may have delivered on his campaign promise to kill Osama bin Laden, but as an Al-Qaeda strategist bin Laden has been dead for years. This book introduces and examines the new generation of Al-Qaeda leaders who have been behind the most recent attacks.*BR**BR*Investigative journalist Syed Saleem Shahzad dedicated his life to revealing the strategies and inner workings of Al-Qaeda and the Taliban. He had access to top-level commanders in both movements, as well as within the ISI, Pakistans intelligence service. Shahzads work was praised by US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton for bringing to light the troubles extremism poses to Pakistan's stability. Inside Al-Qaeda and the Taliban explains the wider aims of both organisations and provides an essential analysis of major terrorist incidents, including the 2008 Mumbai attacks.*BR**BR*In May 2011, Shahzad was abducted and killed in Pakistan, days after writing an article suggesting that insiders in the Pakistani navy had colluded with Al-Qaeda in an attack on a naval air station. This book is a testament to his fearless reporting and analytical rigour. It will provide readers worldwide with an invaluable introduction to a new phase of the ongoing struggle against terrorism which threatens lives in so many countries. --Provided by publisher.
Fascism : critical concepts in political science. Vol. 4, The 'fascist epoch'
The beast reawakens
Contemporary voices of white nationalism in America
The rise of ISIS : a threat we can't ignore
Dreams of glory : the sources of apocalyptic terror
Muslim extremism in Egypt : the prophet and pharaoh
Live fire
The far right in Europe : an encyclopedia
Security and stability in Northern Africa
Walking away from terrorism : accounts of disengagement from radical and extremist movements
The voice of modern hatred : encounters with Europe's new right
The making of a terrorist : recruitment, training, and root causes. Vol. 1, Recruitment
Religious fundamentalism and  political extremism
American extremism : history, politics and the militia movement
In bad company : America's terrorist underground
Harvest of rage : why Oklahoma City is only the beginning
In praise of hatred
Son of Hamas : a gripping account of terror, betrayal, political intrigue and unthinkable choices
The fiery cross : the Ku Klux Klan in America
Inside the radical right : The development of anti-immigrant parties in Western Europe
The roots of radical Islam
Religious ideology and the roots of the global Jihad : Salafi Jihadism and international order
Reaping the whirlwind : the Taliban movement in Afghanistan
Extreme right-wing parties : ideological, protest or racist parties?
Mircea Eliade : from magic to myth
Supporting a party that you don't entirely support
White power, White pride! : the White separatist movement in the United States
Lone wolf terror and the rise of leaderless resistance
New directions in crime and deviancy
Understanding terror networks
"Drawing on troves of recently declassified documents captured from the Islamic State and its predecessors, counterterrorism expert Brian Fishman tells the story of this organization's complex and largely hidden past.- and what the master plan suggests about its future. Only by understanding the Islamic State's full history- and the strategy that drove it- can we understand the contradictions that may ultimately tear it apart" -- Dust jacket.
Contemporary political protest : essays on political militancy
Sniper : ghost shooter
Right-wing  extremism in the twenty-first century
Mapping the extreme right in contemporary Europe : from local to transnational
Wolves among sheep : history and ideology of National Socialist Black Metal
Fascism and neofascism : critical writings on the radical right in Europe
The white nationalist skinhead movement : UK & USA, 1979-1993
Considerations on the assassination of Gérard Lebovici = (Considérations sur l'assassinat de Gérard Lebovici)
The Klan
Towards a cohesive society : action plan to prevent violent extremism
