http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p19094 polychlorinated biphenyl
polychlorinated biphenyl
Concentrations and among-compound correlations of individual phenolics in white birch leaves under air pollution stress
Vitamins A1 and A2 in mink fed fish-based diets and exposed to polychlorinated biphenyls
PCDDs, PCDFs, PCDTs, PCBs and some other organochlorine compounds in pine needles exposed to pulp and paper mill emissions and effects of waste combustion on the concentrations
Occurrence and fate of organic contaminants in wastes
Supercritical fluid extraction in the analysis of PCDD/PCDFs and PCBs in soil and sediment and in the separation of bioactive compounds in St. John's wort
Chlorinated organic micropollutants
Assessment of environmental pollutants in humans from four continents : exposure levels in Slovakia, Guinea-Bissau, Nicaragua and Bangladesh
Fate and transport of POPs in the aquatic environment : with focus on contaminated sediments
Basic concepts of environmental chemistry
A method for the quantitation of polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs)
Birth weight and sex of children and the correlation to the body burden of PCDDs/PCDFs and PCBs of the mother
Removal of sulfur interferance in the analysis of organochlorine pesticides (OCP) and polychlorinated biphenlys (PCB)
Assessment of exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls
Risk assessment of polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs)
Harmful agents (PCDD/Fs, PCBs, and PBDEs) in Finnish reindeer (<em>Rangifer tarandus tarandus</em>) and moose (<em>Alces alces</em>)
Atmospheric transport of persistent organic pollutants to aquatic ecosystems
Transport routes of polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) in aquatic ecosystems
Polychlorinated biphenyl (PCB) contamination history in the high Arctic glacier on Svalbard
Harmful agents (PCDD/Fs, PCBs, and PBDEs) in Finnish reindeer (Rangifer tarandus tarandus) and moose (Alces alces)
Syke proficiency test 5/2007 : PCBs, PBDE and PCCDs/PCDFs in sediment
Polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) and structurally related compounds as modifiers of drug-metabolizing enzyme activities
Heritability of heavy metal and persistent organic pollutant levels in collared flycatcher (Ficedula albicollis)
The food hygienic quality of European river lamprey (Lampetra fluviatilis L.)
PCDD, PCDF, and PCB concentrations in human milk from two areas in Finland
Activated carbon amendments for sediment remediation : reduction of aquatic and biota concentrations of PCBs, and secondary effects on Lumbriculus variegatus and Chironomus riparius
Synopsis on dioxins and PCBs
Organochloro compounds in the stack emission
Concentrations of selected PCB congeners in pike (Esox lucius, L.) and arctic char (Salvelinus alpinus, L.) in Finland
Polychlorinated biphenyls (PCB) in a river ecosystem
Improved analytical methods for polychlorinated biphenyls and terphenyls
PCBs : recent advances in environmental toxicology and health effects
The world according to Monsanto : pollution, corruption, and the control of our food supply
Characterization and fate of polychlorinated biphenyl contaminants in Kernaalanjärvi sediments
PCDEs, PCBs, PCDDs and PCDFs in black guillemots and white-tailed sea eagles from the Baltic Sea
Effects of sulphur and heavy metal deposition on foliar chemistry of Scots pines in Finnish Lapland on the Kola Peninsula
PCB in the Russian Federation : inventory and proposals for priority remedial actions : executive summary ..
Levels of PCDD, PCDF and PCB in dated lake sediments in subarctic Finland
Guidelines for the identification of PCBs and materials containing PCBs
Dietary transition and contaminants in the Arctic : emphasis on Greenland
Exposure and human PCDD/F and PCB body burden in Finland
Selected nutrients, natural antioxidants and chemical contaminants in Finnish food
Studies on reproduction in female mink (Mustela vision) exposed to polychlorinated biphenyls. Britt-Marie Bäcklin
Biotransformation and histopathological responses in chemically stressed freshwater fish
Summary.
Analysis of DDT- and PCB-type compounds low level in fish with reference to pike, perch and bream in lake Päijänne
Accumulation of PCBs and organochlorine pesticides in river-caught European river lamprey (Lampetra fluviatilis) in Finland
PCBs in processes, products and environment of paper mills using wastepaper as their raw material
Organic contaminants : occurrence and biological effects in the Baltic Sea
A plausible mechanism for copper-catalyzed oxidative chlorophenol coupling reactions : semi-empirical AM1 and AB initio 3-21G molecular studies
Formation of PCDDs and PCDFs in municipal waste in cineration and its inhibition mechanisms : a review
Environmental monitoring of lipophilic compounds with PLHC-1 fish cells and fish
Bone toxicity of persistent organic pollutants
The aim of this thesis was to improve methods for polychlorinated biphenyl (PCB) and terphenyl (PCT) analytics with the equipment that was available, examine leaching of PCBs and PCTs from sample material and also determine the amount of mentioned compounds in the sample material. PCBs and PCTs have been widely used in products such as cooling liquids, flame retardant and additives in paints, printing inks and surfactants before environmental problems they cause were discovered.     For PCB- and PCT-analytics there was available gas chromatograph mass spectrometer and a compatible non-polar column. Based on the literature, a mid-polar column would have been the best option, but it was not available. In analytics of PCBs and PCTs, the thing that makes analysis challenging is the similarity of different compounds, so called congeners. Their retention times and mass spectra are very close to each other. In addition, in samples there is usually either very high or very low concentration of PCBs and PCTs and that further complicates analytics. In this thesis, sample material was ground waste from a storage room of an elementary school located in Tampere. The total amount of PCBs and PCTs in this material and leaching of them into water was determined by gas chromatography and mass spectrometry.     Contrary to preliminary information, no PCT-compounds were found from the sample material, so in this study attention was paid to analytics of Aroclor 1260 PCB mixture, for it was found from the sample material. The temperature program of gas chromatograph and ions to be monitored with mass spectrometer were chosen to be optimal for that exact PCB mixture. From the sample material was found about 3 700 mg of PCB compounds per kilogram of ground waste. This amount exceeds the limit of hazardous waste and thus has to be treated as hazardous waste. However, leaching of PCBs into the water was minimal, as highest 0.01 % of the PCB amount the waste contained.    All in all, compared to old methods used, there was change in temperature program, ions to be monitored and way of preparing standard solutions. In the future PCB and PCT analytics could be further promoted by creating respective methods also for other PCB and PCT mixtures. In this way analytics of other PCB and PCT mixtures can also be done in a highly reliable manner.        Keywords: Polychlorinated biphenyls, polychlorinated terphenyls, GC-MS.
State of the Gulf of Finland in 2003
Residues of certain chlorinated and aromatic compounds in Finnish population groups
Muscle chemical content and hepatic biotransformation in bream (Abramis brama) and asp (Aspius aspius) in a PCB-contaminated lake
Quality assurance of isomer-specific analysis of PCBs in serum
Species-specific effects of dioxin exposure on xenobiotic metabolism and hard tissue in voles
Tissue-specific and whole-fish accumulation of polychlorinated biphenyls by juvenile Baltic salmon (Salmo salar L.) after oral gavage exposure
Degradation half-life times of PCDDs, PCDFs and PCBs for environmental fate modeling
Exposure to dioxins and PCB and human body burdens in Norway
The effects of nickel on the nutrient fluxes and on the growth of Elodea canadensis
Levels and trends of PCDD/Fs and PCBs in human milk in Finland
The fate of urban-derived contaminants in boreal environments
Epidemiological studies on fish consumption and cardiovascular health : results from the fishermen study and the health 2000 survey
Synopsis on Dioxins and PCBs : compiled especially for administrators
Polychlorinated diphenyl ethers, dibenzo-p-dioxins, dibenzofurans and biphenyls in seals and sediment from the Gulf of Finland
The work on the thesis was conducted primarily during October–December 2012 as a final research part of a project launched in 2009 by the University Centre in Svalbard for collecting ice core from Lomonosovfonna and analyzing it for various persistent compounds. The research was focused on historic deposition of PCB compounds. Background information on PCBs (also in relation to the Arctic) as well as literature sources that are most relevant to the topic were included to this thesis. Polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) were produced for industrial purposes between 1929 and 1993. The production declined in 1970s when their persistence and potential for bioaccumulation in the food chain had been recognized. PCBs are found all over the world, including Arctic areas, in water, soil, sediment, air, biota, and even in food products. By 2013, most countries in the world signed to eliminate PCBs from production, use and develop efficient remediation methods for PCB-rich waste and contaminated sites. The purpose of this thesis was to measure PCB contamination in snow and ice at high elevated glacier on Svalbard, Norway and analyse the historic atmospheric input of the contaminant to the Arctic. For that, a 37-meter deep ice core representing 1957–2009 and a snow sample of 2009–2010 were collected at the Lomonosovfonna glacier (78°49' 24.4" N; 17°25' 59.2"E) and analysed for all 209 PCB congeners. Ice core was divided into 6 – 12 years samples resulting in total 6 ice and 1 snow sample. The analysis for all PCB congeners revealed the dominance of tetra- and pentachlorobiphenyls. The flux of total PCBs varied over the ice core. Maximum of about 18 pg cm-2 yr-1 was observed during years 1957–1966, 1974–1983, 1998–2009, and 2009–2010 which was lower when compared to samples from Canadian Arctic. The minimum flux was 5.75 pg cm-2 yr-1 in 1989–1998 period that happened after a 15 year decline since 1983. Besides, PCB-11 (3,3'-dichlorobiphenyl) was found in all the samples in the amounts of  0.9–4.5% of total PCBs. This congener was not present in the majority of commercial PCB products, and its source has not yet been well described.
