http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p19093 state debt
state debt
Private sector involvement and international financial crises : an analytical perspective
Essays on debts and constitutions
Debt management : annual review 2007
Public debt : the Brazilian experience
"In a world of increasing austerity measures, democratic politics comes under pressure. With the need to consolidate budgets and to accommodate financial markets, the responsiveness of governments to voters declines. However, democracy depends on choice. Citizens must be able to influence the course of government through elections and if a change in government cannot translate into different policies, democracy is incapacitated. Many mature democracies are approaching this situation as they confront fiscal crisis. For almost three decades, OECD countries have - in fits and starts - run deficits and accumulated debt. As a result, an ever smaller part of government revenue is available today for discretionary spending and social investment and whichever party comes into office will find its hands tied by past decisions. The current financial and fiscal crisis has exacerbated the long-term shrinking government discretion; projects for political change have lost credibility. Many citizens are aware of this situation: they turn away from party politics and stay at home on Election Day. With contributions from leading scholars in the forefront of sociology, politics and economics, this timely book will be of great interest to students and scholars throughout the social sciences as well as general readers." -Publisher's website.
Finland's balance of payments : compilation methods, sources of information and the time series for 1975 to 1992
The Aftermath of the Russian debt crisis
Modeling monetary economies
Renegotiation approach to restructuring of developing country debt
Floatation procedures, market microstructure and efficiency: evidence from financial markets in Finland
Lost decades : the making of America's debt crisis and the long recovery
Bureaucracy and time consistency : is democracy biased towards debt financing and large governments with incompetent bureaucrats?
"An exhaustive look at world markets and why the economy has been so unpredictable  Greece isn't the only country drowning in debt. The Debt Supercycle?when the easily managed, decades-long growth of debt results in a massive sovereign debt and credit crisis?is affecting developed countries around the world, including the United States. For these countries, there are only two options, and neither is good?restructure the debt or reduce it through austerity measures. The End Game details the Debt Supercycle and the sovereign debt crisis, and shows that, while there are no good choices, the worst choice would be to ignore the deleveraging resulting from the credit crisis.    Reveals why the world economy is in for an extended period of sluggish growth, high unemployment, and volatile markets punctuated by persistent recessions   Reviews global markets, trends in population, government policies, and currencies   Other titles by Mauldin: Bull's Eye Investing: Targeting Real Returns in a Smoke and Mirrors Market, also by Wiley   Around the world, countries are faced with difficult choices. The End Game provides a framework for making those choices."--
General government deficit and gross debt according to EMU criteria
Africa facing its priorities
War and gold : a five-hundred-year history of empires, adventures and debt
Country profile : Maghreb countries 1994
The Russian Federation in transition : external developments
Tanzania's debt problem and the world economy
The founders and finance : how Hamilton, Gallatin, and other immigrants forged a new economy
Essays on commitment and government debt structure
Debt recovery in Europe
Propagation of financial shocks : empirical studies of financial spillovers
The external debt = La dette exterieure : selective bibliography : bibliographie sélective
Default risk on Finnish government foreign currency debt
Making globalization work
General government debt by qua[r]ter
The United States as a debtor nation
Pension policies and public debt in dynamic CGE models
Russian crisis and its effects
Project finance, subordinated debt and state loans
The origins of value : the financial innovations that created modern capital markets
Politics in the age of austerity
With a circulating credit currency, a modern national debt, and sophisticated financial markets, England developed a fiscal-military state that instilled fear and facilitated the first industrial revolution. Yet this new system of credit was precarious and prone to accidents, and it depended on trust, public opinion, and ultimately violence.
Sustainable fiscal policy and economic stability : theory and practice
The conversion of Paris Club debt : procedures and potential
Public debt management : theory and history
Combining the incompatibles / fixed exchange rate,  liberalisation and financial development in Estonia
Debt relief and the HIPC initiative in African countries : case study of five African countries
Chipping away at public debt : sources of failure and keys to success in fiscal adjustment
Human rights and capitalism : a multidisplinary perspective on globalisation
Casualties of credit : the English financial revolution, 1620-1720
Mobilizing bank lending to debtor countries
Pace of debt growth disquieting
OECD public debt markets : trends and recent structural changes
Retrenchment or renewal? : welfare states in times of economic crisis
Contrary to most experience, Estonia (as well as Latvia and Lithuania) has been able to combine, for a number of years, fixed exchange rates, financial liberalisation (prior to proper supervision) and large current account deficits without inviting speculation using large capital flows as vehicles.The standard argument is that this must be due to exceptionally sound fundamentals and great policy credibility.Without challenging this argument either generally or for the case of Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania, this paper offers a supplementary perspective.These countries did not aim at developing a full-scale national economy with a full set of financial and other markets, as they had the possibility of joining an institutionally, culturally and geographically close set of North-Western European markets.Such a strategy goes further than having the goal of "rejoining Europe" as the external policy anchor.Having well-developed domestic markets can in some cases be substituted by accessing near-by markets, thus leaving little leeway to potentially unstable capital flows.This option, however, is not open to all, and it also has its downside. Key words: capital flows, exchange rate systems, institutional development, financial liberalisation, Baltic countries .
Can debt relief boost growth in poor countries?
Essays on dynamic macroeconomics
In August 1998 the Russian Federation was forced to devalue the rouble and declare a moratorium on its debt servicing.Russia was badly hit by unfavourable external conditions, but the main reason for the crisis was the inability of the fiscal authorities to bring the budget deficit under control.When the rouble was devalued, the Russian Federation was unable to meet its domestic or external obligations.The holders of Russia's domestic debt were forced to accept unfavourable restructuring terms, and now also some holders of the old Soviet debt instruments have accepted a significant reduction in the value of their holdings.However, Russia has been willing and able to honour the debts incurred after the Soviet period.Russia's relations with its creditors and international financial institutions have been quite strained in the aftermath of the crisis, and it remains to be seen whether the recent restructuring deal with London Club creditors will mean Russia's re-entry into the international financial markets. .
Third World debt : the search for a solution
Fiscal-monetary policy coordination and Central Bank independence
Developing country debt
The poverty of nations : a guide to the debt crisis - from Argentina to Zaire
The economics of public debt : proceedings of a Conference held by the International Economic Association at Stanford, California
The cash nexus : money and power in the modern world, 1700-2000
African central government debt : statistical yearbook
Endgame : the end of the debt supercycle and how it changes everything
The African debt crisis
Debtor diplomacy : finance and American foreign relations in the Civil War era, 1837-1873
Third World debt and international public policy
Essays on fiscal policy, public debt and financial development
On reducing sovereign international debt
Proceedings of the Second Inter-regional Debt Management Conference : Geneva, 3-5 April 2000
A free nation deep in debt : the financial roots of democracy
Credibility versus shock-adjustment in structuring public debt
Policy interaction, expectations and the liquidity trap
Fiscal multipliers revisited
Debt relief under the HIPC initiative : context and outlook for debt sustainability and resource flows
Developing country debt crisis : the pure theory of country risk
Does debt relief lead to economic growth?
The Russian economy in crisis and transition
The prolonged recession in the Finnish economy has been directly reflected in the public finances, which have posted a deficit for 6 years already. In 2017, the public debt will rise to over 68% of GDP, which is more than double the level recorded in 2008. Given that the longer-term outlook for Finnish economic growth is poor due to the prolonged recession, a dwindling working-age population and industrial restructuring, the upward trend in public debt is disquieting..
Debt management and government securities markets in the 21st century
Proceedings of the third Inter-regional Debt Management Conference, Geneva, 3-6 December  2001
The world economics and financial crisis
During the past year, there has been intense debate over the correlation between fiscal consolidation and economic growth. This article argues that the observed growth forecast errors for euro area countries in 2010-2011 were not caused by underestimated fiscal multipliers. Instead, the errors were due to a general reassessment of euro area sovereign risk, which disproportionately impacted the more vulnerable euro area countries. These countries experienced a sharp increase in their sovereign borrowing costs, a tightening of credit conditions and ultimately a sharper-than-expected contraction of domestic demand..
Explaining post-Soviet patchworks. Vol. 1, Actors and sectors in Russia between accommodation and resistance to globalization
Sovereign Debt Crises and International Law : A Developing Country Perspective
Sovereign debt : from safety to default
Rising indebtedness increases risks in China
States, debt, and power : 'saints' and 'sinners' in European history and integration
Public debt and fiscal policy in EMU
Global development finance : external debt of developing countries
Economic development in the Third World
World imbalances : WIDER World Economy Group 1989 report
New issues in public debt management : government surpluses in several OECD countries, the common currency in Europe and rapidly rising debt in Japan
Public spending in the 20th century : a global perspective
The public debt problem : a comprehensive guide
Projected trends in candidate countries' debt ratios in the light of the 2003 fiscal notifications
The total amount of public and private debt in China has increased rapidly since the financial crisis. The country's debt-to-GDP ratio has already reached the level seen in many advanced economies. The rapid rise in debt in many countries has led to financial sector problems and to a marked slowing of economic growth. Sustainable management of the economy in China would require a slowdown in the debt build-up. There are no indications of this as yet. Curbing debt accumulation would require China's readiness to accept lower growth targets..
The Chinese government debt : What do we know and what should be done?
Smart fiscal consolidation : a strategy for achieving sustainable public finances and growth
Central government debt : statistical yearbook
Still waiting for the jubilee : pragmatic solutions to the Third World debt crisis
Proceedings of the fourth  Inter-regional Debt Management Conference and WADMO Conference, Geneva, 10-12 November 2003
Yugoslavia : socialism, development and debt
External dependency and internal transformation : Argentina confronts the long debt crisis
Debt stocks, debt flows and the balance of payments
Financial policies and the world capital market : the problem of Latin American countries
The debt boomerang : how the Third World debt harms us all
Silent revolution : the International Monetary Fund 1979-1989
Fiscal policy, government debt and economic performance
The political economy of monetary union: towards the euro
A review of the economic press and literature reveals that there is little research and analysis on the important issue of the Chinese governmental debt and budget deficits. This is astonishing since the Chinese economy has by now climbed to the second position in global GDP ranking. Thus, China's government debt matters increasingly to the rest of the world as well, both in a corporate and a macroeconomic perspective.  Furthermore, not enough is known about the real size of the total Chinese government debt. Insufficient statistical transparency is an important reason for this shortcoming, but this should not serve as an excuse. Increasing efforts are needed to provide China and the rest of the world with better information on the real state of Chinese government debt.  In this paper, an attempt is made to explain and discuss the real situation when it comes to the Chinese government debt. The current Greek/Southern European debt misery clearly shows that opaque statistics cannot be hidden away forever without sooner or later puzzling and/or frightening the financial markets. On the other hand, China cannot be analyzed completely with Western eyes.  The sooner Chinese decision-makers decide on greater transparency in the government debt situation, and decisive steps towards more efficient fiscal policy are taken, the better the consequences for China itself and the global economy. The alternative - continuous opaqueness and a possible future fiscal explosion - could certainly do a lot of harm to China, but also to the global economy. There is no reason to underestimate this medium and long-term risk. The short-term perspective looks safer.  There should be room for a greater exchange of views and co-operation between EU and China, too. The EU's own bad experience from the past few years could be a realistic starting point.  JEL Classifications: D02, D82, H70, H74, O53, P35 .
