http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p19077 radiocarbon dating
radiocarbon dating
Calibration curves and the chronology of key monuments at Sayan-Altai
Site data. Main area: South Finland
Radiocarbon dating : an archaeological perspective
International radiocarbon conference 8, Wellington, New Zealand, october 18-25, 1972 : proceedings
Multidisciplinary analyses on Bronze Age pottery from Otterböte, Åland
Metallurgičeskie provincii i radiouglerodnaâ hronologiâ = Metallurgical Provinces and Radiocarbon Chronology
Some aspects on the radiocarbon chronology of the neolithic cultures in the forest zone of the European part of Russia
The Eurasian metallurgical province : origins, periodization and chronology
Archaeological radiocarbon dates as a population proxy : a skeptical view
Radiocarbon dating of textiles
Holocene vegetation dynamics and climate changes in the Torneträsk area, northern Sweden
NERC radiocarbon dating : 1975-1985
Vegetational history in coastal SW Finland studied on a lake and a peat bog by pollen and charcoal analyses
Gårdlösa : an Iron Age community in its natural and social setting. 1, Interdisciplinary studies
Time and environment : a Pact seminar September 25-28. 1990, Helsinki, Finland
Radiocarbon dates from archaeological excavations in Viipuri : the corner site of former Uudenportinkatu and Etelävalli
When did the Guaraní expansion toward the Andean foothills begin?
A palaeoecological study of raised mires in the Humberhead Levels
The hard-water effect on radiocarbon measurements of saples from Säynäjälampi, north-cast Finland
The absolute chronology of the Aegean Early Bronze Age : archaeology, radiocarbon and history
14C dating of lime mortar : preparation of the sample, a challenge for the geologist and the mineral chemist
Environment, archaeology and radiocarbon dates : notes from the Inari region, Northern Finnish Lapland
Experience from dating in archaeology
Some aspects on the distribution of radiocarbon dates from the Mesolithic and Neolithic of European Russia
Shore displacement in Western Uusimaa 500 BC - AD 1500.
Radiocarbon date list 11 : East Greenland Shelf, West Greenland Shelf, Labrador Sea, Baffin Island Shelf, Baffin Bay, Nares Strait, and Southwest to Northwest Icelandic Shelf
Stratigraphy and chronology of a Stone Age pithouse in Raahe, northern Ostrobothnia
Nature's clocks : how scientists measure the age of almost everything
Stone age midden deposition assessed by bivalve sclerochronology and radiocarbon wiggle-matching of Arctica islandica shell increments
Radiocarbon determinations from the Bog profile of Lapaneva, Kihniö, Western Finland
Early Holocene shore displacement in eastern Svealand, Sweden, based on diatom stratigraphy, radiocarbon chronology and geochemical parameters
Tree-limit and climate evolution at the southern extremity of the Swedish Scandes have been reconstructed for the entire Holocene and for the past century. The main objective was to test the reproducibility of a similar study further north in the Swedish Scandes. The long-term history relies mainly on radiocarbondated megafossil tree remains preserved in peat and mineral soil. The more recent perspective was analysed from age distributions in the most marginal, extant tree populations. Pinus sylvestris (pine) immigrated to the study region already during the Late-Glacial, 10,500 14C yr BP, when it grew in the summit areas of fi rst deglaciated mountains. The pine tree-limit peaked ca. 9200 14C yr BP, followed by a 345 m gradual descent (summer cooling + land uplift) until about a century ago. Presence of tree species assemblages without modern analogs at high elevations during the early-Holocene, Pinus sylvestris (dominant), Betula pubescens ssp. tortuosa, Picea abies, Larix sibirica, Quercus robur and Corylus avellana, strengthens the view of a warm and dry summer climate, although with a different seasonal distribution of incoming radiant energy than today. The longterm natural trend of tree-limit retreat and summer cooling was anomalously broken about a century ago. During the 20th century, the pine tree-limit has shifted 140 m uphill, in congruence with instrumentally recorded summer warming by ca. 1 &ordm;C. In a perspective of the entire Holocene tree-limit chronology, the modern tree-limit rise (and climate warming) is anomalous for the past 4000-7000 years. Except for tree-limit rise, recent warming has contributed to changes in the alpine plant cover, e.g. vanishing snow-bed communities, expansion of deciduous dwarf-shrubs, graminoids, and invasion of exotic and thermophilic plant species. Overall, this study has reproduced processes and patterns previously reported further north in the Scandes.
The mere possibility of biases does not invalidate archaeological population proxies : response to Teemu Mökkönen
Comments on the use of radiocarbon dating in Finnish archaeology
Thermoluminescence dating in archaeology and geology in Finland : comparison with results from radiocarbon dating
Early bronze age cairn dates from burned bone
New radiocarbon dates for a Medieval oven with botanical remains from the hamlet of Gubbacka, Vantaa, southern Finland
Archaeological results from accelerator dating : research contributions drawing on radiocarbon dates produced by the Oxford Radiocarbon Accelerator based on papers presented at the SERC sponsored conference "Results and Prospects of Accelerator Dating" held in Oxford 1985
AMS 14C dating of lime mortar
Fenno-Ugri et Slavi 2002 : Dating and chronology
Before civilization : the radiocarbon revolution and prehistoric Europe
15th International Radiocarbon Conference, Glasgow, Scotland , 15-19 August 1994
Bones, rocks and stars : the science of when things happened
Discrepancies between conventional and AMS-dates from complexes with asbestos and porous ware : a probable result of "reservoir effect"? :  [notes and news]
The voice of the Åland churches
Handbooks for archaeologists : a publication of the Sub-committee for archaeology of the Standing committee for the humanities. 3, Radiocarbon dating
New radiocarbon dates from Finnish mammoths indicating large ice-free areas in Fennoscandia during the Middle Weichselian
Early in the North. Vol. 5, [The land]
Proceedings of the 19th International radiocarbon conference 3-7 April, 2006
Radiocarbon and Indian archaeology : [papers and panel discussions]
Corded ware culture in Northern Finland
Coins, radiocarbon and stratigraphy : dating methods and their problems in connection with inhumation graves of Kappelinmäki in Lappeenranta and other Karelian cemeteries
Dig it all : papers dedicated to Ari Siiriäinen
Physics and archaeology
Proceedings of the 5th International symposium on radiocarbon and archaeology
Holocene development and peat growth of the raised bog Pesänsuo in southwestern Finland
Pollen analysis covering the past 4000 radiocarbon years of cultural landscape of the Novgorod area, Russia
14C methods and applications : a symposium dedicated to Ingrid Olsson on the occasion of a birthday
Tree-limit landscape evolution at the southern fringe of the Swedish Scandes (Dalarna province) - Holocene and 20th century perspectives
On some problems of interpretation on physical dating methods results : an example of thermoluminescence dating
Pollen records from the site of the Rääkkylä boat find, dated to ca AD 1200.
Radiocarbon after four decades : an interdisciplinary perspective
Prehistoric chronology and radiocarbon dating in India
Time and environment : a pact seminar, September 25-28, 1990, Helsinki, Finland
Gathering time : dating the early Neolithic enclosures of southern Britain and Ireland
Events stratigraphy for the Last Glacial-Holocene transition in eastern middle Sweden. Jonas Björck
An automatic counter for age determination by the C14 method
Radiocarbon : calibration and prehistory
The first radiocarbon datings from Zvejnieki Stone Age burial ground, Latvia
Early holocene shore displacement in eastern Svealand, Sweden, based on diatom stratigraphy, radiocarbon chronology and geochemical parameters
Jokkavaara : an early ceramic settlement site in Rovaniemi, North Finland
Chronology without types and cultures? : interpreting the prehistory of Kainuu on the basis of radiocarbon dates
Carbonate phases in historical lime mortars and pozzolana concrete : implications for [sup 14]C dating
Problems of pre-roman iron age radiocarbon dating : an example from SW Finland
Radiocarbon dating of marine shells from southeastern Australia as a means of dating relative sea-level changes
Radiocarbon dating of birch bark pitches in typical comb ware in Finland
Radiocarbon dates. 6
Absolutno datiranje bronaste in źelezne dobe na Slovenskem = Absolute dating of the Bronze and Iron Ages in Slovenia
14C dating the Vinland map : problems, procedures and results
Dragons of silk, flowers of gold : a group of Liao-Dynasty textiles at the Abegg-Stiftung
Åland churches and their scientific dating
Holocene permafrost dynamics in palsa and peat plateau mires of continental Europe : a study based on plant macrofossil analysis, radiocarbon dating and reviews of literature
Simulation environment for the C14-experiment
The postglacial history of Kitkajärvi, North-eastern Finland, as indicated by trend-surface analysis and radio-carbon dating
The chronology of the stone - iron ages of the Karelian Republic
Interpretation of expected and unexpected results from multi-method analyses of a PWC pottery context
Radiocarbon date list. 8, Eastern Canadian Arctic, Labrador, Northern Quebec, East Greenland Shelf, Iceland Shelf, and Antarctica
The retreat of pine forest in Finnish Lapland since the Holocene climatic optimum: a general discussion with radiocarbon evidence from subfossil pines
Shore displacement and Stone Age dwelling sites near Helsinki, southern coast of Finland
Radiocarbon dating of iron : a Northern contribution
Calibration curves representing shore displacement of the Baltic based on radiocarbon ages in the Karjaa, Perniö, Turku, Mynämäki, and Laitila areas, SW Finland
Archaeology, dendrochronology and the radiocarbon calibration curve
Sedentariness and dating Stone Age houses and sites
On the postglacial colonisation of Eastern Fennoscandia
Animal-headed bone artefact from Kuuvuori in Turku interpreted - and reinterpreted
Bronze age oak-coffin graves : archaeology & dendro-dating
On the dating and function of the Comb Ceramics from Maarinkunnas
Radiocarbon date list. 10, Baffin Bay, Baffin Island, Iceland, Labrador Sea, and the Northern North Atlantic
Holocene climatic variations in southern Finland reconstructed from peat-initiation data
The radiocarbon datings of the stone age : early metal period on the Karelian Isthmus
Proceedings of the Nordic Conference on Thermoluminescence Dating and Other Archaeometric Methods, held at Uppsala University, Sweden, 25-26 November 1976.
Peat growth and garbon accumulation rates during the holocene in boreal mires
The Bible and radiocarbon dating : archaeology, text and science
Building Roma Aeterna : current research on Roman mortar and concrete : proceedings of the conference March 27-29 2008
The long-term response of submerged plants in the hard-water lake, Säynäjälampi, to the bomb-radiocarbon injection
Ten thousand years of Finnish prehistory : a tentative calibration of the earliest radiocarbon dates
Studies relating to shore displacement and Stone Age chronology in Finland
Fortifications related to the Inca expansion
Archaeological investigation of late archaic sites (3000-1800 B.C.) in the Pativilca Valley, Peru
A new way of dating prehistory
The Kitka lake complex (Kitkajärvi), some 300 km² in total area, is located at an altitude of 240.2 m a.s.l. on the Maanselkä watershed. Its waters flow eastwards to the White Sea via the river Kitkajoki. The western parts of the lake basin in particular feature shores now situated on dry land. The clearest raised shore-line represents a phase of Kitkajärvi called here Early Kitka. The postglacial history of the lake complex is studied here by means of trend-surface analysis and a combination of pollen stratigraphy with radio-carbon dating. The area is shown to have undergone deglaciation around 9400-9500 B. P. and to have been supra-aquatic from the outset. The Early Kitka shore‑line now slopes from west to east with a gradient of approx. 0.2 m/km. At this early phase the lake possessed bifurcation features, having one outflow channel eastwards via Kitkajoki and another westwards into the Gulf of Bothnia via Livojärvi. This latter route, which most probably existed immediately on deglaciation, was closed around 8400 B. P. A gradient curve for the Kitka region is presented based on dated shore-lines, and this suggests an exponential decrease in shore level gradients towards the present day.
Consuming and communicating identities : dietary diversity and interaction in Middle Neolithic Sweden
Radiocarbon variations and absolute chronology : proceedings of the twelfth Nobel Symposium held at the Institute of Physics at Uppsala University
d13C and 14C analysis of ceramics
