http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p19035 social psychology
social psychology
Advances in social-psychology and music education research
Human growth and development
The heart of social psychology
Now in its 16th edition, Atkinson & Hilgard's Introduction to Psychology has been fully revised and updated to reflect all recent research developments, theories and ideas, whilst also retaining all of the qualities which have established it as a leading undergraduate psychology textbook over the past five decades, including its highly accessible and engaging student-centred approach. The established author team of Susan Nolen-Hoeksema, Barbara Fredrickson and Geoffrey R. Loftus has been joined by Christel Lutz (University of Utrecht), who has helped to add a fresh European influence, and thereby create a truly international introductory textbook. The 'Cutting Edge Research' box features and 'Seeing Both Sides' essays which conclude each chapter have been fully updated and replaced throughout, using contributions from a range of experts across the globe, and really help to bring the text to life for students.
Generation Z : their voices, their lives
Wolfenden's witnesses : homosexuality in postwar Britain
Scapegoat : a history of blaming other people
"This literary-historical study seeks to dismantle the prevailing notion that Germany, in the period following the Second World War, exhibited an 'inability to mourn,' arguing that in fact the period experienced a surge of affect. Anna Parkinson examines the emotions explicitly manifested or addressed in a variety of German cultural artifacts, while also identifying previously unacknowledged (and under-theorized) affective structures implicitly at work during the country's national crisis. Much of the scholarship in the expanding field of affect theory distrusts Freudian psychoanalysis, which does not differentiate between emotion and affect. One of the book's major contributions is that it offers an analytical distinction between emotion and affect, finding a compelling way to talk about affect and emotion that is informed by affect theory but that integrates psychoanalysis.The study draws on the psychoanalytic writings of Freud, Margarete and Alexander Mitscherlich, and André Green, while engaging with interdisciplinary theorists of affect including Barbara Rosenwein, Lauren Berlant, Ann Cvetkovich, and Eve Kosofsk Sedgwick, among many others; 'Offers a truly original, even pathbreaking, contribution to the study of postwar West German culture, while making a very important intervention in the theoretical debate on the study of emotions. Its potential audience includes not only historians and literary critics but the rapidly growing, strongly interdisciplinary community of emotion scholars'--Frank Biess, University of California, San Diego; 'Beautifully written, the book conveys its insights in clear prose and through carefully argued, illuminating readings.Parkinson thoughtfully frames each of her chapters as an inquiry, not simply into the textual nuances of argumentation and rhetoric, but into these texts' place in larger, pragmatic contexts that Parkinson calls 'scenarios.' Consequently, Parkinson attends not only to textual logic but also to perlocutionary effects--nuances of meaning, reception, and emotional tone that would otherwise remain inaudible'--Joahnnes von Moltke, University of Michigan"--From publisher's website.
The structure of action
Social psychology : the study of human interaction
This volume examines maintaining relationships through communications through relational, contextual, and cultural variations. Topics covered include: family relationships; romantic relationships; repair after transgression; long-distance relationships; relational maintenance in organizational settings; gay/lesbian relationships; culturally-mixed couples; marriage in Russia and the United States; and maintaining relationships in Korea.
The bases of social behaviour : an approach in terms of order and value
Persuade : using the seven drivers of motivation to master influence and persuasion
Never saw it coming : cultural challenges to envisioning the worst
How fantasy becomes reality : information and entertainment media in everyday life
The psychology book
Social being
A talent for friendship : rediscovery of a remarkable trait
Human behavior and the social environment : shifting paradigms in essential knowledge for social work practice
On social psychology : selected papers
Advances in experimental social psychology : volume 40
Encyclopedia of Adolescence
Productive love promotion via affective technology : an approach based on social psychology and philosophy
Technology as magic : the triumph of the irrational
Atkinson & Hilgard's Introduction to psychology
Psychology and the social order : an introduction to the dynamic study of social fields
Why does the other line always move faster? : the myths and misery, secrets and psychology of waiting in line
Creativity in context
Advances in experimental social psychology. Vol. 21, Social psychological studies of the self : perspectives and programs
The fear of freedom
Dataclysm : who we are (when we think no one's looking)
Advances in experimental social psychology : volume 41
Experimental social psychology
Anti-Oedipus : capitalism and schizophrenia
In this new edition of How Fantasy Becomes Reality, Karen E. Dill-Shackleford offers readers a greater understanding of what the current science of psychology tells us about life in our digital culture.
Psychology is social : readings and conversations in social psychology
Understanding psychology
Smoking and social interaction
Social : why our brains are wired to connect
Depression : the evolution of powerlessness
The new individualists : the generation after The organization man
Social worlds, personal lives : an introduction to social psychology
Advances in experimental social psychology. Vol. 28
Introducing social psychology
The psychology of social influence
In the name of identity : violence and the need to belong
Game of thrones : psychology : the mind is dark and full of terrors
American social psychology : its origins, development, and European background
Advances in experimental social psychology. Vol. 23
Advances in experimental social psychology : volume 43
Consumer culture, identity and well-being : the search for the "good life" and the "body perfect"
Advances in experimental social psychology. Vol. 27
Issues in contemporary German social psychology : history, thepries and applications
How fantasy becomes reality : seeing through media influence
The 33 strategies of war
An outline of social psychology
Advances in experimental social psychology : volume 44
Black sheep : the hidden benefits of being bad
The psychology of social movements
Advances in experimental social psychology. Vol. 24
The dark side of close relationships II
Skilled interpersonal communication : research, theory, and practice
Empathy : from bench to bedside
Social cognition : perspectives on everyday understanding
An introduction to social constructionism
Culture and cognition : patterns in the social construction of reality
Advances in experimental social psychology : volume 48
Psychology for social work : a comprehensive guide to human growth and development
Advances in experimental social psychology. Vol. 31
"This lively, provocative text presents a new way to understand friendship. Professor John Terrell argues that the ability to make friends is an evolved human trait not unlike our ability to walk upright on two legs or our capacity for speech and complex abstract reasoning. Terrell charts how this trait has evolved by investigating two unique functions of the human brain: the ability to remake the outside world to suit our collective needs, and our capacity to escape into our own inner thoughts and imagine how things might and ought to be. The text is richly illustrated and written in an engaging style, and will appeal to students, scholars, and general readers interested in anthropology, evolutionary and cognitive science, and psychology more broadly"--
Advances in experimental social psychology : volume 37
A leisure of one's own : a feminist perspective on women's leisure
Reconceptualising agency and childhood : new perspectives in childhood studies
Advances in experimental social psychology. Vol. 3
Social Psychology : second edition
Presents the case for an exciting new research program in the social sciences based on the theory of recognition developed by Axel Honneth and others in recent years. The theory provides a frame for revealing new insights about conflicts and the potential of recognition theory to guide just resolutions of these conflicts is also explored.
Before we are anything else, we are feeling bodies. In fact, feelings are an important part of every experience we ever have. Feelings are not just emotions, and in practice cannot be separated from the processes of thinking and reasoning they are often assumed to simply interfere with. This book explains what feelings are and describes how they contribute to other psychological phenomena. Although feelings are often thought of as wholly private and personal, this book demonstrates that they are simultaneously social and relational. The book explains how analyses that include feelings can transform understandings of key topics related to health and illness - health beliefs, doctor-patient interactions in chronic fatigue, and madness. Some of the wider implications of this approach are also considered, both with respect to psychology and in relation to the ongoing 'affective turn' in the social sciences and humanities.
Advances in experimental social psychology : volume 45
The social psychologists : research adventures
Advances in experimental social psychology. Vol. 30
The encyclopaedic dictionary of psychology
Influence : the psychology of persuasion
Progress in applied social psychology. 2
Prejudice : its social psychology
Psychology in minutes
Interpersonal evaluation of knowledge in distributed team collaboration
Invisible influence : the hidden forces that shape behavior
Personality in nature, society, and culture
Perspectives in social psychology
Advances in experimental social psychology : volume 35
Civilization and its discontents
Group psychology and the analysis of the ego
Social psychology in the 80s
Advances in experimental social psychology. Vol. 22
Advances in experimental social psychology. Vol. 34
The concise mastery
Human nature and conduct : an introduction to social psychology
Social psychology : People in groups
The tipping point : how little things can make a big difference
Advances in experimental social psychology. Vol. 42
Captivology : the science of capturing people's attention
Nonlinear Distortion in Wireless Systems: Modelling and Simulation with Matlab(r) describes the principles of modeling and simulation of nonlinear distortion in single and multichannel wireless communication systems using both deterministic and stochastic signals. Models and simulation methods of nonlinear amplifiers explain in detail how to analyze and evaluate the performance of data communication links under nonlinear amplification. The book deals with the analysis of nonlinear systems with stochastic inputs and establishes the performance metrics of communication systems with regard to nonlinearity. The relationship between nonlinear system parameters (which are model dependent) and system performance figures of merit is established when the input to the system consists of real-world communication signals. The book also addresses the problem of how to embed models of distortion in system-level simulators such as MATLAB&trade; and MATLAB Simulink&trade; where practical techniques that professionals can use immediately on their projects are presented. The book explores simulation and programming issues and provides a comprehensive reference of simulation tools for nonlinearity in wireless communication systems.
Advances in experimental social psychology. Vol. 32
Group creativity : innovation through collaboration
Research Programme on Social Capital and Networks of Trust (SoCa) 2004-2007 : evaluation report
The nurture effect : how the science of human behavior can improve our lives & our world
Handbook of the teaching of psychology
Advances in experimental social psychology. Vol. 5
Black box thinking : marginal gains and the secrets of high performance
An introduction to social psychology
The Wolfenden Report of 1957 has long been recognized as a landmark in moves towards gay law reform. What is less well known is that the testimonials and written statements of the witnesses before the Wolfenden Committee provide by far the most complete and extensive array of perspectives we have on how homosexuality was understood in mid-twentieth century Britain. Those giving evidence, individually or through their professional associations, included a broad cross-section of official, professional and bureaucratic Britain: police chiefs, policemen, magistrates, judges, lawyers and Home Office civil servants; doctors, biologists (including Alfred Kinsey), psychiatrists, psychoanalysts and psychotherapists; prison governors, medical officers and probation officers; representatives of the churches, morality councils and progressive and ethical societies; approved school headteachers and youth organization leaders; representatives of the army, navy and air force; and a small handful of self-described but largely anonymous homosexuals. This volume presents an annotated selection of their voices.
The scope of social psychology :  theory and applications
The SAGE handbook of conflict communication
A slap in the face : why insults hurt - and why they shouldn't
The mind club : who thinks, what feels, and why it matters
Advances in experimental social psychology. Vol. 33
Psychological problems : the social context
Reconstructing social psychology
The handbook of solitude : psychological perspectives on social isolation, social withdrawal, and being alone
Social psychology
The cyber effect : a pioneering cyberpsychologist explains how human behavior changes online
Consistency in cognitive social behaviour : an introduction to social psychology
The lonely crowd : a study of the changing American character
Pre-acculturation among voluntary migrants
Versions of care technology
Fundamentals of human communication : social science in everyday life
Advances in experimental social psychology. Vol. 19
Handbook of mindfulness in education : Integrating Theory and Research into Practice
Social cognition : from brains to culture
Advances in experimental social psychology : volume 47
Connected : the amazing power of social networks and how they shape our lives
The marshmallow test : understanding self-control and how to master it
Purity and danger now : new perspectives
Experiencing life together : a cooperative CLIL course on social psychology
Odd girl out : how to help your daughter navigate the world of friendships, bullying and cliques - in the classroom and online
Practical social pedagogy : theories, values and tools for working with children and young people
Advances in experimental social psychology : volume 38
Norms in the wild : how to diagnose, measure, and change social norms
Understanding social psychology
Thanks for the feedback : the science and art of receiving feedback well (even when it is off base, unfair, poorly delivered, and, frankly, you're not in the mood)
An emotional state : the politics of emotion in postwar West German culture
Children's health, self-care and the use of self-medication : a population-based study in Finland
Explanations of effects of resource uncertainty in social dilemmas
The Wiley-Blackwell Handbook of Childhood Social Development, Second Edition presents an authoritative and up-to-date overview of research and theory concerning a child's social development from pre-school age to the onset of adolescence. * Presents the most up-to-date research and theories on childhood social development * Features chapters by an international cast of leaders in their fields * Includes comprehensive coverage of a range of disciplinary perspectives * Offers all new chapters on children and the environment, cultural influences, history of childhood, interventions, and neuro-psychological perspectives * Represents an essential resource for students and researchers of childhood social development.
Essential social psychology
In praise of prejudice : the necessity of preconceived ideas
The private life : why we remain in the dark
Advances in experimental social psychology. Vol. 29
Personality and political crisis : new perspectives from social science and psychiatry for the study of war and politics
The social psychology of George Herbert Mead
Feeling bodies : embodying psychology
Advances in experimental social psychology : volume 36
Social psychology for social work and the mental health professions
Counselling skills for working with shame
Maintaining relationships through communication : relational, contextual, and cultural variations
In pursuit of silence : listening for meaning in a world of noise
Social psychology of persuasion applied to human-agent interaction
This handbook addresses the educational uses of mindfulness in schools. It summarizes the state of the science and describes current and emerging applications and challenges throughout the field. It explores mindfulness concepts in scientific, theoretical, and practical terms and examines training opportunities both as an aspect of teachers' professional development and a means to enhance students' social-emotional and academic skills. Chapters discuss mindfulness and contemplative pedagogy programs that have produced positive student outcomes, including stress relief, self-care, and improved classroom and institutional engagement. Featured topics include: * A comprehensive view of mindfulness in the modern era. * Contemplative education and the roots of resilience. * Mindfulness practice and its effect on students' social-emotional learning. * A cognitive neuroscience perspective on mindfulness in education that addresses students' academic and social skills development. * Mindfulness training for teachers and administrators. * Two universal mindfulness education programs for elementary and middle school students. The Handbook of Mindfulness in Education is a must-have resource for researchers, graduate students, clinicians, and practitioners in psychology, psychiatry, education, and medicine, as well as counseling, social work, and rehabilitation therapy.
The Wiley-Blackwell handbook of childhood social development
This reference work offers a comprehensive compilation of current psychological research related to the construct of solitude Explores numerous psychological perspectives on solitude, including those from developmental, neuropsychological, social, personality, and clinical psychology Examines different developmental periods across the lifespan, and across a broad range of contexts, including natural environments, college campuses, relationships, meditation, and cyberspace Includes contributions from the leading international experts in the field Covers concepts and theoretical approaches, empirical research, as well as clinical applications.
Advances in experimental social psychology. Vol. 20
From one of the world's leading experts in cyberpsychology--a discipline that combines psychology, forensics, and technology--comes a groundbreaking exploration of the impact of technology on human behavior. In the first book of its kind, Mary Aiken applies her expertise in cyber-behavioral analysis to a range of subjects, including criminal activity on the Deep Web and Darknet; deviant behavior; Internet addictions; the impact of technology on the developing child; teenagers and the Web; cyber-romance and cyber-friendships; cyberchondria; the future of artificial intelligence; and the positive effects on our digital selves, such as online altruism.
The Lonely Crowd is considered by many to be the most influential book of the twentieth century. Its now-classic analysis of the new middle class in terms of inner-directed and other-directed social character opened exciting new dimensions in our understanding of the psychological, political, and economic problems that confront the individual in contemporary American society. The 1969 abridged and revised edition of the book is now reissued with a new foreword by Todd Gitlin that explains why the book is still relevant to our own era. As accessible as it is acute, The Lonely Crowd is indispensable reading for anyone who wishes to understand American society. After half a century, this book has lost none of its capacity to make sense of how we live.Todd Gitlin Praise for the earlier editions: "One of the most penetrating and comprehensive views of the twentieth-century urban American you're likely to find.
Classic contributions to social psychology
Advances in experimental social psychology : volume 46
Social psychology and contemporary society
Death, bereavement, and mourning
The social psychology and social movements
By regarding children as actors and conducting empirical research on children's agency, Childhood Studies have gained significant influence on a wide range of different academic disciplines. This has made agency one of the key concepts of Childhood Studies, with articles on the subject featured in handbooks and encyclopaedias. Reconceptualising Agency and Childhood is the first collection devoted to the central concept of agency in Childhood Studies. With contributions from experts in the field, the chapters cover theoretical, practical, historical, transnational and institutional dimensions of agency, rekindling discussion and introducing fundamental and contemporary sociological perspectives to the field of research. Particular attention is paid to connecting agency in the social sciences with Childhood Studies, considering both the theoretical foundations and the practice of research into agency. Empirical case studies are also explored, which focus upon child protection, schools and childcare at a variety of institutions worldwide. This book is an essential reference for students and scholars of Childhood Studies, and is also relevant to Sociology, Social Work, Education, Early Childhood Education and Care (ECEC) and Geography.
The social animal
Brilliant psychology : how to understand yourself and other people
Redirect : changing the stories we live by
The individual in a social world : essays and experiments
The notion of identity -- personal, religious, ethnic, or national -- has given rise to heated passions and crimes throughout history. What makes each one of us unique has been a fundamental question of philosophy from Socrates to Freud. This book argues that the concept of identity that prevails the world over is still very much tribal. It allows men of all countries, conditions, and faiths to be transformed into butchers and fanatics, passing themselves off as defenders of a given identity. Maalouf contends that many of us would reject our inherited conceptions of identity, which we cling to through habit, if only we examined them more closely. The future of society depends on accepting -- while recognizing our uniqueness -- all identities.
The individual and society : a cultural integration
Life as theater : a dramaturgical sourcebook
Our political nature : the evolutionary origins of what divides us
Psychological governance and public policy : governing the mind, brain and behaviour
Measures of social psychological attitudes
Advances in experimental social psychology. Vol. 2
Advances in experimental social psychology. Vol. 26
"The first book to tell the natural history of political orientations. Our Political Nature is the first book to reveal the hidden roots of our most deeply held moral values. It shows how political orientations across space and time arise from three clusters of measurable personality traits. These clusters entail opposing attitudes toward tribalism, inequality, and differing perceptions of human nature. Together, these traits are by far the most powerful cause of left-right voting, even leading people to regularly vote against their economic interests. As this book explains, our political personalities also influence our likely choice of a mate, and shape society's larger reproductive patterns. Most importantly of all, it tells the evolutionary stories of these crucial personality traits, which stem from epic biological conflicts. Based on dozens of exciting new insights from primatology, genetics, neuroscience, and anthropology, this groundbreaking work brings core concepts to life through current news stories and personalities. For instance, readers will meet Glenn Beck and Hugo Chavez and come to understand the underlying evolutionary forces they represent. By blending serious research with relevant contemporary examples, Our Political Nature casts important light onto the ideological clashes that so dangerously divide and imperil our world today"--
Litter : the remains of our culture
Readings in social psychology
Guide to imagework : imagination-based research methods
Advances in experimental social psychology : volume 39
The means to express conflict is through communication, and the means to manage and address conflict is also via communication. This handbook emphasises constructive conflict management from a communication perspective which places primacy in the message as the focus of conflict research and practice.
Recognition theory as social research
Negotiation
Contemporary issues in social psychology
Social psychology : a cognitive approach
Something for nothing : the all-consuming desire that turns the American dream into a social nightmare
Social psychology : an introduction
Readings in social psychology : contemporary perspectives
