http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1904 export promotion
export promotion
The India phenomenon and Finland : background study for Sitra's India programme
The main aim of this thesis has been to give the reader fisrt of all a general knowledge of the main concepts that are contained within it, such as internationalization, exporting and the Spanish market. This is an objective decided together with the commissioner InnoConnections with the aim of being able to find export organizations based in Madrid and that are interested in working in the Nordic / Finnish market. The process of researching has not been simple, and also it has not lead to the expected results, which were to be able to contact with at least a few organizations and obtain some feedback from them. Most intents of making contact with the given organizations have received no feedback, leading to a series of conclusions that point to the fact that this particular period in time may not be the best to approach the Spanish market, as it is affected by a strong economic crisis which makes all businesses fearful of putting at risk any of their assets. However, these findings may still be useful to the commissioner as well as other businesses planning to approach such market, as they give an insight to how Spanish companies are actually reacting to this difficult situation and therefore gives the opportunity to businesses to possibly look for other options when trying to internationalize or look for Spanish customers, as at this point in time they are companies that are being very cautious and that may not be willing to extend to other countries as this is often considered risky.
Export marketing strategies of the firm : case studies of three Finnish Export Award companies
The playing Finn : stories on successful game development and music export
Export practice and management
Internationalization and export sales through exhibitions - SME's viewpoint
Internationalisation of SMEs in Ghana : the role of export promotion organizations
Education export at the University of Helsinki : first steps 2011-2012
Developing plan for trade between Finland and Indonesia
Entering Swedish markets : challenge for Finnish SMEs
A world of paper : Finnpap 75
Inter-organizational knowledge transfer in export partnership : evidence from a Finnish export circle
Boosting Music Exports : How could the music export office develop the exports of the independent music scene in the Czech Republic?
Studies in export promotion : attempts to evaluate export stimulation measures for the Swedish textile and clothing industries
Abstract: The world exhibitions and their effects on Finland.
HOW A SMALL JAPANESE E-RETAILING COMPANY CAN EXPAND ITS OPERATIONS ABROAD; CASE AGRADE
Navigating new routes to lobbying in Brussels : research on European Boating Industry
The future of global business : a reader
The influence of international marketing channel management on export performance : the case study of Finnish exporting firms to South East Asia market
How to market your business : a practical guide to advertising, PR, selling, and direct and online marketing
Make more sales with better presentations : the essential guide for Finns doing business abroad
The mirage of global markets : how globalizing companies can succeed as markets localize
International competitiveness and knowledge-based industries in India
The world exhibitions and their effects on Finland
Marketing your business
Doing business abroad : how to start trading successfully in international markets
Companion encyclopedia of marketing
International marketing strategy
European Globalisation Adjustment Fund in action : stories on opportunities created by the EGF
Navigating new routes to export promotion : will re-focusing yield results for the Finnish boat industry?
Abstract: Working Group on the Publicity ov Environmental Impact Assessments in Export Credit Guarantee Activities final report.
Transparency or high risks?
International marketing and export management
Export subsidies in an imperfectly competitive market when market share matters: the case of international wheat trade
Markets for medical equipment in Spain
The Finnish Foreign Trade Association : an international evaluation
Environmental assessment in public promotion of exports and investments to developing countries
Creating and developing contacts to potential export organizations based in Madrid
The Stabex system and export revenues in ACP countries
The World Exhibitions and Their Effects on Finland
The India phenomenom and Finland : backround study for Sitra ́s India programme
International marketing relationships
Export promotion with centralized wage fixing
Building your business through export
Export orientation for small and medium enterprises : policies, strategies and programs
Estonian export policy in the framework of EU integration
Global marketing : a decision-oriented approach
Between export promotion and poverty reduction : the foreign economic policy of untying official development assistance
Exploring firm level market knowledge competence and its implications for the speed and success of export expansion : a mixed methodology study from the software industry
Strategic international marketing : an advanced perspective
The export market expansion strategies and export performance of Finnish SMEs
Doing business in emerging Europe
Global business : positioning ventures ahead
Exporting essentials : selling products and services to the world successfully
Sustainable forestry, low-carbon construction, and tremor safe housing technologies in Asia 2009-2012 : project article report
Foreign sales subsidiaries and their role within the internationalization process of a company : a study of the Finnish manufacturing firms
How a Small Japanese E-retailing Company Can Expand Its Operations Abroad : Case Agrade
Asia's export processing zones and science parks in global markets
Selective policies for export promotion : lessons from the Asian Tigers
National politics in a global economy : the domestic sources of U.S. trade policy
International marketing and purchasing of projects : interactions and paradoxes : a study of Finnish project exports to the Arab countries
Abstract: Export promotion to France: Case Veljekset Ala-Talkkari Oy (Ltd.).
The role of public export promotion in Finland : industry view of public export promotion in Southwest Finland
Globalization and export promotion
Paper for the world : The Finnish Paper Mill's Association - Finnpap 1918-1996
Marketing your business : make the Internet work for you, get into exports, learn about products and pricing
Entering the dredger market in Japan : case company: Tamex Oy
Destinations as tourism products : marketing of Finland in Spain
Export promotion to France : case Veljekset Ala-Talkkari Oy (Ltd.)
Course on export promotion and export marketing, 7 October - 1 November, 1991 in Hanoi, Viet Nam
Financial support and risks related to exporting to Russia : case study
How to get started in export
Assessment of trade practices and identification of prospects for the development of international trading companies in the ESCWA countries
Mastering import and export management
Selling Products and Services to the World Successfully is for entrepreneurs and small business owners—the makers, movers, and shakers in our world—interested in taking their businesses to the next level of growth through exports. This short, hard-hitting book covers just the essentials, providing the tools you need to tap new markets. And it couldn't be more timely. In the old days, creating an international business was left to relatively few--those with the wherewithal to move boatloads of goods into foreign countries. But now, thanks to the Internet, businesses of all sizes have a huge new opportunity to sell both goods and services globally. Yet only 1% of all U.S. businesses export. Why? Typically, exporting begins with unsolicited inquiries from foreign customers on the web via email, website, blog, or posting on a Facebook page. People outside your country want your product, and they want it now. The problem is that most small business owners do not know how to service these inquiries. What's the best way to ship goods? Do I need a license? Should I sell through wholesalers in specific countries or directly to consumers? How will I get paid? Help is here—Exporting Essentials, an abridged version of the author's Exporting: The Definitive Guide to Selling Abroad Profitably, equips you with the knowledge you need to sell and fulfill orders internationally. It also imparts a can-do spirit on exporting, leading to greater revenues, stability, and profitability for your business. Exporting Essentials: Selling Products and Services to the World Successfully: Lays out simple steps to conduct market research, find customers, open new markets, get paid, and ship goods and services. Shows you how to adapt your product or service for export. Provides insider tips and strategies to export efficiently and profitably. Explains how the U.S. government helps exporters.
The internationalization of Finnish companies and export promotion
The U.S. generalized system of preferences and its impacts
The challenge of Japan : how to introduce your innovations to the Japanese markets?
Strategic export management
Strategy of the Finnish Ministry of Employment and the economy for the implementation of Finland's development policy programme
Evaluation of Finnvera Plc : final report
Finnish export promotion services and their usefulness in small and medium-sized companies
International marketing strategy : environmental assessment and entry strategies
Assessment of trade practices and identification of prospects for the development of international trading companies in the ESCWA member countries
