http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p19080 counterpoint
counterpoint
Contemporary harmony : romanticism through the twelve-tone row
A Handbook of modal counterpoint
Counterpoint in composition : the study of voice leading
Words about music
The style of Palestrina and the dissonance
STUDIES IN COUNTERPOINT
Bach : chorale, harmonization and instrumental counterpoint
Jumping to conclusions : the falling-third cadences in chant, polyphony, and recitative
Twentieth century counterpoint : a guide for students
Inside the music
The craft of modal counterpoint : a practical approach
Contemporary harmony
Free composition = (Der freie Satz). Supplement, Musical examples
Coherence, counterpoint, instrumentation, instruction in form = Zusammenhang, Kontrapunkt, Instrumentation, Formenlehre
Music in theory and practice. Vol. 2
Counterpoint
Counterpoint : an introduction to polyphonic composition
The shaping forces in music : an inquiry into the nature of harmony, melody, counterpoint, form
Modal and tonal counterpoint : from Josquin to Stravinsky
The art of counterpoint = (Liber de arte contrapuncti)
A practical approach to eighteenth-century counterpoint
African polyphony and polyrhythm : musical structure and methodology
Eighteenth-century imitative counterpoint : music for analysis
A new way of making fowre parts in counterpoint
Bach and the meanings of counterpoint
COUNTERPOINT
Basic counterpoint
Composing music : a new approach
Preliminary exercises in counterpoint
Free composition = (Der freie Satz) : supplement : musical examples
The art of counterpoint : part three of Le institutioni harmoniche, 1558
Studies in Counterpoint
A practical approach to sixteenth-century counterpoint
Counterpoint : based on eighteenth-century practice
Contrapuntal technique in the sixteenth century
Partimento and continuo playing in theory and in practice
Counterpoint : a translation of Kontrapunkt. Book 1, Cantus firmus and two-voice counterpoint
Counterpoint, composition, and musica ficta
Most listeners prefer tonal music to atonal music, but what exactly is the difference between them? In this groundbreaking work, author Dmitri Tymoczko identifies five basic musical features that jointly contribute to the sense of tonality, and shows how these features recur throughout the history of Western music. Tymoczko creates for the reader a new framework for thinking about music, one that emphasizes the commonalities among styles from Medieval polyphony to contemporary jazz. A Geometry of Music provides an accessible introduction to Tymoczko's revolutionary geometrical approach to music theory. The book shows how to construct simple diagrams representing the relationships among familiar chords and scales. This gives readers the tools to translate between the musical and visual realms, revealing surprising degrees of structure in otherwise hard-to-understand pieces. Tymoczko uses these theoretical ideas to retell the history of Western music from the eleventh century to the present day. Arguing that traditional histories focus too narrowly on the common practice period from 1680-1850, he proposes instead that Western music comprises an extended common practice stretching from the late middle ages to the present. Using analysis to make his argument clear, he discusses a host of familiar pieces by Bach, Mozart, Chopin, Debussy, Stravinsky, Shostakovich, Miles Davis, Bill Evans, and others. A Geometry of Music is accessible to a range of readers, from undergraduate music majors to scientists and mathematicians with an interest in music. Defining its terms along the way, it presupposes no special mathematical background and only a basic familiarity with Western music theory. The book also contains exercises designed to reinforce and extend readers' understanding, along with a series of appendices that explore the technical details of this exciting new theory.
A geometry of music : harmony and counterpoint in the extended common practice
The study of counterpoint : from Johann Joseph Fux's Gradus ad Parnassum
The art of counterpoint
Tonal counterpoint : in the style of the eighteenth century : outline
Modern contrapuntal technique : an examination of non-chordal counterpoint for the contemporary composer and arranger, including pan-diatonism, quartal harmony, and poly-tonal techniques
The principles and practice of modal counterpoint
Counterpoint : a translation of Kontrapunkt. Book 2, Counterpoint in three and more voices ; Bridges to free composition
Foundations of practical harmony & counterpoint
Counterpoint technique in the two-part sections of the masses of Josquin des Prez
Basic Counterpoint
Contrapunctus = Counterpoint
Eighteenth-century counterpoint and tonal structure
Counterpoint : the polyphonic vocal style of the sixteenth century
