http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1903 government support
government support
European regional incentives : 1995-96 : directory and review of regional grants and other aid available for industrial and business expansion and relocation in the member states of the European Community and Sweden
EC anti-dumping law and China
New developments in European state aid law 2007 : proceedings of the 5th Experts' forum held in Brussels on 21 and 22 May 2007
Valtion tuki taiteelliseen toimintaan 2002 = State support for artistic activity in 2002
Leveraging legacies for sports mega-events : concepts and cases
Trends in government support for non-governmental organizations : is the "Golden Age" of the NGO behind us?
Regional budgets and intergovernmental transfers in Russian  North and Northwest regions
Public subsidies and policy failures : how subsidies distort the natural environment, equity and trade, and how to reform them
Die Bekämpfung des Subventionsbetrugs im EG-Bereich = Combatting subsidy fraud in the EC area
The effects of agricultural trade protection on Finnish consumer welfare : a production cost approach
Politics, subsidies and competition : the new politics of state intervention in the European Union
Tax expenditures in Finland : appendix 2 to the Governement proposal for the 2000 State Budget
European Community law on state aid
European Community law of state aid
Macroeconomic aspects of systemic bank restructuring
The importance of art in society is increasing
The Uruguay Round agreement on agriculture : an evaluation of its implementation in OECD countries
The public libraries of Lapland
The interface of international trade law and taxation : defining the role of the WTO
State aid and the European economic constitution
Effects of direct support on artists' incomes
Essays on the impacts of technology development and R&D subsidies
Valtion taidetoimikuntalaitoksen myöntämä tuki 2004 = Support granted by the arts council 2004
Credit growth and moral hazard : an empirical study of the causes of credit expansion by the Finnish local banks in 1986-1990
State aid, subsidy and tax incentives under EU and WTO law
Europe's domestic market
The effect of government subsidies on private R&D : evidence from georgraphic variation in support program funding
International antitrust law & policy
Access to business subsidies : what explains complementarities and persistency?
Summary and conclusions (s. 9-13).
The public purse and political parties : public financing of political parties in Nordic countries
Lectio praecursoria: Business subsidies and bureaucratic behaviour
Direct state support for individual artists
Spotlight on public support to industry
Summary and conclusions (s. 9-24).
European state aid law and policy
Mining and non-ferrous metals policies of OECD countries
Business support programmes : SME policy description, compensation mechanisms and evaluation systems in five countries and in the European Commission : backround paper for the Ministry of Trade and Industry's working group on the Effectiveness of Business Support Programmes
Assessment of policy measures to support Russia's real economy
The new deal for artists
Summary and conclusions (s. 189-201).
Community rules on state aid : vade-mecum
Executive summary (s. 7-11).
Improving the environment through reducing subsidies. Part 2, Analysis and overview of studies
Process evaluation of business subsidies in Finland : a quantitative approach
European economy. Reports and studies. 1999, 3, State aid and the single market
The Finnish Guarantee Board : an international evaluation
Business subsidies and bureaucratic behaviour
Soft law in court : competition law, state aid and the Court of Justice of the European Union
Competition law in the European Communities. Volume 2A, Rules applicable to state aid : Situation at 30 June 1998.
State aid and tax law
New measures for financing the arts and culture : a survey of European experiences and innovatory initiatives adopted in the 1980's
Structure and effects in EU competition law : studies on exclusionary conduct and state aid
Taidetoimikuntien myöntämä tuki 2008 = Support granted by the Arts Council
User fees, expenditure restructuring and voucher systems in education
Subsidy reform and sustainable development : political economy aspects
Reports of Commission decisions relating to state aid 1973-1995 : article 93, paragraph 2 (Negative final decisions)
The permissibility of indirect environmental taxes and derogations thereof in light of the cumulative criteria for state aid in article 107(1) TFEU
A development co-operation manual for non-governmental organisations. Part 2, Guidelines for project planning
National systems for financing innovation
Abstract (s. 5).
European state aid law : [handbook]
Good governance in sport : a European survey
This paper surveys theoretical literature on fiscal federalism, noting several concepts useful in understanding features typical to countries in transition.We argue that some of the concepts of standard fiscal federalism do not apply to transition economics as they do elsewhere.For example, normally undesirable inter-regional competition may actually benefit the transition process by forcing regions to alter their patterns of public spending.We further suggest that practices such as in-kind transfers may carry additional benefits in a transition environment.The paper makes extensive use of observations from Russia's system of inter-governmental relations. Keywords: fiscal federalism, transitional countries, Russia .
Tax expenditures in Finland
Valtion tuki taiteelliseen toimintaan 2003 = State support for artistic activity in 2003
Farming and rural settlement in highlands and high-latitude zones : proceedings of a symposium of the IGU Study Group on Development in Highlands and High-latitude Zones held in Granada, Spain, 25-30 August, 1986
Finnish dance policy at the crossroads
On the vote purchasing behavior of incumbent governments
Investing in the future : an international comparison of government funding of academic and related research
Focus and functions of public support for artists in Finland
Summary (s. 11-13).
State aids to shipbuilding
Taiteenalakohtainen taiteilijatuki = Art-form -specific support for artists
MERA 3 : Metsätalouden rahoitusohjelma = Skogsbrukets finansieringsprogram = Forest financing committee
Understanding state aid policy in the European Community
Fifth survey on state aid in the European union in the manufacturing and certain other sectors
Bureaucrats in business : the economics and politics of government ownership
Taidetoimikuntien myöntämä tuki 2010 : Support granted by the Arts Councils
Business subsidies and bureaucratic behaviour : a revised approach
Taidetoimikuntien myöntämä tuki 2011 = Support granted by the Arts Councils
Ellingsen back in shipowning shape
New developments in European state aid law 2006 : proceedings of the 4th Experts' Forum held in Brussels on 18 and 19 May 2006.
On local government spending and taxation behaviour : effect of population size and economic condition
EU anti-subsidy law & practice
New developments in European state aid law 2004 : proceedings of the 2nd Experts' forum held in Brussels on 29 April 2004.
Bailout : an inside account of how Washington abandoned Main Street white rescuing Wall Street
State aid according to articles 87-89 of the treaty establishing the European community
Methods applied in evaluating business subsidy programs : a survey
Evaluation of the Finnish national innovation system : full report
Annual proceedings of the Fordham Competition Law Institute : international antitrust law & policy
Exchange rates as a State aid
Promoting green buildings through structural incentives in the Finnish land use and planning system
Fourth survey on state aid in the European union in the manufacturing and certain other sectors. European Commission
EU state aid regulation & incentives for forest biodiversity conservation : study of the constraints
Sixth survey on state aid in the European union in the manufacturing and certain other sectors
Alternative tax constitutions and risky education in a federation
Evaluation and monitoring of business aid in Finland : applicant enterprises projects and distributors of aid in industrially declining regions : a quantitative approach
Business subsidies in Finland : the dynamics of application and acceptance stages
The theatre system of Finland
Profile of tax subsidies and investment behavior in six major polluting industries
The Finnish banking crisis and its handling : (an update of developments through 1993)
Valtion taidetoimikuntalaitoksen myöntämä tuki 2005 = Support granted by the Arts Councils
Technological change and structural adjustment in OECD agriculture
Improving the environment through reducing subsidies. Part 1, Summary and policy conclusions
A note on employment subsidies
Real options, wage bargaining, regional subsidies and employment
Taidetoimikuntien myöntämä tuki 2007 = Support granted by the Arts Council
Impact of business subsidies on growth of firms : preliminary evidence from Finnish panel data
Direct investment and European integration : competition among firms and governments
Despite the prevalence of government research and development (R&D) support programs, evaluation studies based on explicit differences in support allocation are rare. In this article the identification of the causal effect of government support on private R&D effort is based on regional differences in eligibility for European Union Regional Development Funds (ERDF) determined by the population-density rule. Our data is constructed by linking a broad R&D survey to administrative data on all R&D support applications in Finland over the years 2000-2006. We find evidence that the support program has induced additional private R&D among the participants who entered it as a result of higher funding in their region. Among this group one subsidy euro induced additional R&D worth at least 1.5 euro.
Housing policy of the Philippines : responsiviness to the housing needs of low-income groups
An evaluation of the effects of national aids for Southern Finland
Review of agricultural policies : Poland
European regional incentives : 1994-95 : directory and review of regional grants and other aid available for industrial and business expansion and relocation in the member states of the European Community and Sweden
The law of subsidies under the GATT/WTO system
The role of top-level sport in Finland : a governmental perspective of the present status and future trends
State aid: Community law and policy = Staatliche Beihilfen: Gemeinschaftsrecht und Gemeinschaftspolitik = Aides d'Etat: droit et politique communautaires
Research handbook on European state aid law
Towards the joint responsibility of local and central government : new directions for local and central government relations
Regulating Competition in the EU
Public R&D funding and entrepreneurial innovation
Internationalisation of high-tech companies : health care, biotechnology, information technology : Finland, France, Canada
Prospects for Russia’s membership in the WTO now look better than any point since accession negotiations began almost a decade ago. Good progress with economic and legal reforms within Russia has left the country’s economy better prepared for membership. Nevertheless, the economy still suffers from various weaknesses including, but not limited to, pervasive subsidies for different sectors, lack of liberalization and foreign participation especially in the service sector, inefficiency in custom administration, lack of enforcement of intellectual property rights, etc.For all their sensitivity, the negotiations on the import tariff levels and access to the service sectors are the least of the problems.Much more difficult will be non-tariff barriers and the general trade-related legislative framework. Resolving the remaining weaknesses would be a complex process. However, given the importance of WTO-related measures for the overall domestic structural reform, any delay in accession would be at least marginally negative for investor perceptions of country risk. Key words: Russia, WTO, tariff, reform  JEL classification: F1, P2. .
WTO accession / What's in it for Russia?
Welfare incidence of subsidized recreation services in Finland
Unemployment down to 200000
Advanced issues in international and European tax law
A green and global China? : the development and effects of governmental policy in supporting the Chinese wind industry
Muses and markets : explorations in the economics of the arts
The banking crisis, banking policy regimes and the value of a bank
The law of state aid in the European Union
Environmentally harmful subsidies : challenges for reform
Governmental support for companies originating from SMOPEG representing different foreign expansion types : comparative study
Market integration and public services in the European Union
The Role of business subsidies : in job creation of start-ups, gazelles and incumbents
"In this report FAO establishes, based on contemporary and historical precedents, the need for developing countries to adopt policies that ensure strong complementarity between targeted public-sector interventions and private sector roles. The report provides a wide range of examples and highlights three important lessons. First, in all the now-developed countries, governments, at the early stages of economic development, supported agriculture through, inter alia, price stabilization and provision of inputs such as seeds and fertilizer. Second, the wide array and mix of policy options adopted by countries clearly underlines the importance of taking a pragmatic and flexible approach rather than getting locked into pro-state or pro-private-sector ideological viewpoints. Finally, agriculture thrives best when there is continuity in policy and public-sector support. In food insecure countries, state subventions are often justifiable to ensure price stability, food availability and affordability and, ultimately, political stability which are required for long-term investment and development."--Publisher's description
Central government guarantees
Rethinking public policy in agriculture : lessons from distant and recent history
Issues in intergovernmental fiscal relations : possible lessons for Economies in Transition
Executive summary (s. 11-15).
Industrial subsidies : a reporting manual
Environmentally harmful subsidies : policy issues and challenges
A development co-operation manual for non-governmental organisations
Comparative constitutional process : cases and materials : fundamental rights in the common law of nations
First survey on state aids in the European Community
Evaluating music policy : applying ethnomusical frame of reference to the study of a "political system directing the production of music"
New developments in European state aid law 2005 : proceedings of the 3rd Experts' forum held in Brussels on 26 and 27 May 2005.
This paper presents the results of an analytical project on the methodology for assessing and monitoring anti-crisis measures taken by the government of the RF. The paper is based on an analysis of about 100 measures in support of Russia.s real economy that were initiated in October 2008 . March 2009. Within the scope of this analysis, we singled out the main beneficiaries by industry and the size of enterprise, and estimated the effects of the measures underway in the crisis phase and in the phase of a return to economic growth. The paper also gives an account of the major risks the Russian government will face in putting into practice the measures supporting the real economy, and reveals the key problems and inconsistencies of the anti-crisis program. Key words: Russia, anti-crisis measures, economic policy, state subsidies, fiscal policy..
This paper considers Russian intergovernmental transfers and possible bases determining their share of regional budgets.By concentrating on ten regions in the North and Northwest, possible causes of the highly uneven per capita distribution of federal funds in these regions are noted.Due to the small sample size and problematic statistical data, the paper confines itself mainly to description.  Keywords: Russia, regions, intergovernmental transfers, regional budgets .
European Union law of state aid
Cultural policy and cultural administration in Europe : 42 outlines
A development co-operation manual for non-governmental organisations. Part 1, Principles and guidelines for project support
Paper on the accounting advisory forum : government grants
Impacts of state aid rules on the voluntary tasks of municipalities in support of local livelihood
Taidetoimikuntien myöntämä tuki 2009 : Support granted by the Arts Councils
