http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p19066 price control
price control
EU regulations: price controls on reimbursed medicines : the effect on international pharmaceutical business in Finland
Commodity instability and developing countries : the debate
Waste and reallocation under average cost price regulation : a study in the microeconomic effects of the Finnish price control system
Non-convex power plant modelling in energy optimisation
Selling below cost : engaged in predatory pricing?
A theory of price control
Assessing effects of price regulation in retail payment systems
The revolution will not be downloaded : dissent in the digital age
Modelling heterogeneous operating environment and production risk in modern productivity analysis
Decentralized price control applied to cashflow systems
Pricing and price regulation : an economic theory for public enterprises and public utilities
Guilds, price formation and market structures in Byzantium
Theoretical social pharmacy : the drug sector from a social science perspective
International commodity control : a contemporary history and appraisal
Price determination and prices policy
Multinationals beyond the market : intra-firm trade and the control of transfer pricing
The theory of price control and black markets
Towards an analysis of the problem of excessive pricing?
The history of basic metals : price control in world war 2
Predatory pricing
This Bachelor's thesis discusses the price controls on medicines that are reimbursed by the Social Insurance Institution of Finland. The main purpose of the study is to investigate the European Commission's competition rules on pharmaceuticals, the implementation of price controls in Finland and their impact on international pharmaceutical business in Finland. The topic was chosen due to the interest of the author to understand more deeply the price controls on reimbursement medicines and their effect on the pharmaceutical business. The theoretical section discusses European regulations, pharmaceutical business in general, the reimbursement system and price control of medicinal products in Finland. The empirical part deals with the research itself. The study was based on both quantitative and qualitative methods. Firstly, an internet-mediated questionnaire was sent to pharmaceutical companies producing prescription medicines. The sample size consisted of 57 companies representing initial and generics producers but also parallel trade. Five questionnaires were returned, which resulted in a response rate of 9 percent. The results were analysed by Microsoft Excel. Secondly, secondary data was used to support the findings of primary data. It was collected mainly from the data sources of Pharma Industry Finland.The study shows that the impact of price controls have been both negative and positive depending on the business type of the pharmaceutical companies. Nevertheless, all parties, including the Pharmaceutical Pricing Board itself, want changes to the present price control system.The author recommends that whatever the changes will be, they should assure that Finland will not only be among the first countries to have new innovative medicines for patients to receive the best treatments, but also a place for international pharmaceutical companies to do profitable business.
How to succeed with a thousand TWH reform? : restructuring the Russian power sector
Development of rouble exchange rate in Russia
