http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p19059 tobacco industry
tobacco industry
The scientific basis of tobacco product regulation : report of a WHO study group
The economics of smoking
Corporate social responsibility reporting : case British American Tobacco Russia
"Through the rise and fall of empires, ideologies, and economies, tobacco grown on the tiny island of Cuba has remained an enduring symbol of pleasure and extravagance. Cultivated as one of the first reliable commodities for those inhabitants who remained after conquistadors moved on in search of a mythical wellspring of gold, tobacco quickly became crucial to the support of the swelling Spanish Empire in the 17th seventeenth and 18th eighteenth centuries. Eventually, however, tobacco became one of the final stabilizing forces in the empire, and it ultimately proved more resilient than the best laid plans of kings and queens. Tobacco, and those whose livelihoods depended on it, shrugged off the Empire's collapse and pressed on into the 20th century as an economic force any state or political power must reckon with. Cosner explores the history of this golden leaf through the personal narratives of farmers, bureaucrats, and laborers, all struggling to build an independent and lucrative economic engine. Through conquest, rebellion, colonial and imperial schemes, and the eventual Communist revolution, Cuban tobacco and cigars became a luxury item that commanded commanded loyalty that defied mere borders or embargoes. Ultimately, The Golden Leaf is a story of two carefully cultivated products: Cuban tobacco, and its lofty reputation"--
Tobacco capitalism : growers, migrant workers, and the changing face of a global industry
Summary Russian.
Tupakkatilasto = Tobacco statistics. 2002.
Glasgow and the tobacco lords
The cigarette century : the rise, fall, and deadly persistence of the product that defined America
"Tobacco is one of Cuba's best known commodities, yet its history has been clouded in myth and misconception. This work addresses the ways in which tobacco shaped Cuba and the Atlantic world in terms of culture, society, governmental control, and economics"--
Kretek : the culture and heritage of Indonesia's clove cigat
The Strengberg Tobacco Company : an early succesfull Finnish multinational
Bringing strategic thinking to a Chinese tobacco logistics  center
Sublime tobacco
The fear of losing out : tobacco industry strategies in Finland 1975-2001
Tobacco products marketing vs. anti-smoking pharmaceutical products marketing in Europe
The art of the cigar label
Summary Chines.
Balkan smoke : tobacco and the making of modern Bulgaria
Bribed sportsman - a newborn celebrity : an introduction to a cigarette marketing project
The Runaway Jury
The archaeology of the clay tobacco pipe. 14, The development of the clay tobacco pipe kiln in the British Isles
Merchants of doubt
Downsizing : personnel reductions at the Swedish Tobacco Monopoly, 1915-1939
Tobacco control legislation : an introductory guide = Leǵislation en matiere de Lutte Antitabac : guide introductif
Tupakkatilasto. 1998 = Tobacco statistics. 1998
"Tobacco, alcohol and gambling corporations have been highly effective in stalling, diverting and blocking public health measures. This book provides an original and engaging expose; of the ethical issues faced by people and organizations when they accept industry money in ways that facilitate corporate influence with the public and with policy makers. It starts with a detailed examination of the risks of accepting such profits and what might be done to reduce them, then moves on to introduce the concept of a continuum of 'moral jeopardy' which shifts the emphasis from accept/not accept binaries to a focus on the extent to which people are willing to accept funding. This shift encourages people to think and speak more about the risks and to develop clearer positions for themselves. The content will be helpful to those working in government agencies, addiction services, community organizations or anyone interested in reducing the harms of addictive consumption"--Provided by publisher.
The economic impact of counterfeiting and piracy
The archaeology of the clay tobacco pipe. 3, Britain : the North and West
WHO Study Group on Tobacco Product Regulation : report on the scientific basis of tobacco product regulations : fifth report of a WHO study group
Summary Spanish.
Merchants of doubt : how a handful of scientists obscured the truth on issues from tobacco smoke to global warming
Summary (s. 13-16).
This report presents the conclusions reached and recommendations made by the members of the WHO Study Group on Tobacco Product Regulation (TobReg) at its seventh meeting, in December 2013, during which it reviewed background papers specially commissioned for the meeting, which dealt, respectively, with the following four themes: 1. Novel tobacco products, including potential reduced exposure products; 2. Smokeless tobacco products: research needs and regulatory recommendations; 3. Reduced ignition propensity cigarettes: research needs and regulatory recommendations; 4. Non-exhaustive priority list of toxic contents and emissions of tobacco products. The Study Group's recommendations in relation to each theme are set out at the end of the section dealing with that theme; its overall recommendations are summarized in Chapter 6.
Tupakkatilasto = Tobacco statistics. 2000.
Finlands affärsfirmor = Suomen liiketoiminimet = Finnish business firms. 2-4, Åbo ; Tampere ; Viipuri
The archaeology of the clay tobacco pipe. 4, Europe 1
Tobacco or health : a global status report
Summary French.
Tupakkatilasto = Tobacco statistics. 1999.
WHO expert committee on problems related to alcohol consumption : second report
A century of tobacco stories : British American Tobacco in Finland 1909-2009
Ashes to ashes : America's hundred-year cigarette war, the public health, and the unabashed triumph of Philip Morris
The golden leaf : how tobacco shaped Cuba and the Atlantic world
Atlas of cigar smoking
Tobacco : production, chemistry and technology
The archaeology of the clay tobacco pipe. 1, Britain : the Midlands and Eastern England
Waste management : concerns and challenges
The archaeology of the clay tobacco pipe. 5, Europe 2, part 2
Tupakkatilasto = Tobacco statistics. 2003.
Economic aspects of smoking : is there a case for government intervention in Finland?
Coffin nails and corporate strategies
The runaway jury
Great expectorations : advertising and the tobacco industry
Tobacco in Atlantic trade : the Chesapeake, London and Glasgow, 1675-1775
Pack of lies : the advertising of tobacco
Summary.
Tupakkatilasto 1995 = Tobacco statistics 1995.
International meeting on the economic, social and health issues in tobacco control : report of a WHO international meeting Kobe, Japan, 3-4 December 2001.
Food, drink and tobacco processing machinery
The new cigar companion : a Connoisseur's guide
Tobacco in history : the cultures of dependence
The archaeology of the clay tobacco pipe. 5, Europe 2, part 1
Thank you for smoking
Moral jeopardy : risks of accepting money from the alcohol, tobacco and gambling industries
The success story of peasant tobacco production in Tanzania : The political economy of a commodity producing peasantry
The tobacco atlas
Tupakkatilasto 1996 = Tobacco statistics 1996.
Sacred gifts, profane, pleasures : a history of tobacco and chocolate in the Atlantic world
The archaeology of the clay tobacco pipe. 13, The clay tobacco pipe industry in the parish of Newington, Southwark, London
Summary English.
Smoking geographies : space, place and tobacco
Tupakkatilasto = Tobacco statistics. 2001.
Habanos : the story of the Havana cigar
Summary Arabic.
Merchants of Doubt : how a handful of scientists obscured the truth on issues from tobacco smoke to global warming
It's legal but it ain't right : harmful social consequences of legal industries
Tupakkatilasto = Tobacco statistics. 2004
