http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p19019 respect
respect
Presidential address : the ethics of recognition, responsibility, and respect
Cult, community, identity
Dignity : its history and meaning
Dementia reconsidered : the person comes first
The social values of Christianity in the area of politics and the contribution of the Interparliamentary Assembly on Orthodoxy (I.A.O.) for raising such values : essys
Health professional and patient interaction
Building classroom community : the early childhood teacher's role
Kant and the role of pleasure in moral action
Hard feelings : the moral psychology of contempt
The caring teacher's guide to discipline : helping students learn self-control, responsibility, and respect, K-6
The dinner party : from creation to preservation
The decent society
Justice : rights and wrongs
Wider than heaven : eighth-century homilies on the Mother of God
Trust and collectives
Interaction ritual : essays on face-to-face behavior
Dimensions of dignity at work
The role, the goal and the soul of professional public relations : developing a holistic model of PR professionalism
Philosophy in youth and community work
The second-person standpoint : morality, respect, and accountability
Honor for us : a philosophical analysis, interpretation and defense
Cooperation and trust in group context
True devotion to Mary
"In this book Alexander Welsh considers the history and meaning of honor and dismisses the idea that we live in a post-honor culture. He notes that we have words other than honor, such as respect, self-respect, and personal identity, that show we do indeed care deeply continuing process of respect that continuing process of respect that motivates or constrains members of a peer group. Honor's dictates function as moral imperatives." "Surprisingly, little systematic study of the history of honor in Western culture has been attempted. Offering a welcome remedy, Welsh provides a genealogy of approaches to the subject, mining some of the most influential texts of the Western tradition."--BOOK JACKET.
Of thee I sing : a letter to my daughters
Environmental ethics
Respect in a world of inequality
Lead with respect : a novel of lean practice
I don't care : learning about respect
The economy of esteem : an essay on civil and political society
Horse sense for people : using the gentle wisdom of the join-up technique to enrich our relationships at home and at work
Local religion in sixteenth-century Spain
Mourning in late imperial China : filial piety and the state
A quick internet search for spiritual ecology reveals tens of millions of websites and related terms, such as "religion and nature" or "religion and ecology." Spiritual Ecology: A Quiet Revolution offers an intellectual history of this far-reaching movement. Arranged chronologically, it samples major developments in the thoughts and actions of both historic and contemporary pioneers, ranging from the Buddha and St. Francis of Assisi to Wangari Maathai's Green Belt Movement and James Cameron's 2010 epic film Avatar. This foundational book is unique in that it provides a historical, cross-cultural context for understanding and advancing the ongoing spiritual ecology revolution, considering indigenous and Asian religious traditions as well as Western ones. Most chapters focus on a single pioneer, illuminating historical context and his/her legacy, while also connecting that legacy to broader concerns. Coverage includes topics as diverse as biologist Rachel Carson's celebrated 1962 book Silent Spring and the Green Patriarch Bartholomew's decades-long promotion of environmentalism as a sacred duty for more than 250 million members of the Orthodox Church worldwide.
Ageing and the care of older people in Europe
The mystified war : regeneration and sacrifice
Honoring elders : aging, authority, and Ojibwe religion
What is honor? : a question of moral imperatives
Love & respect : the love she most desires, the respect he desperately needs
Care and respect for the elderly in Korea : filial piety in modern times in East Asia
Faith-based social action in combating marginalization : conference proceedings, Helsinki, 17.-18.11.2011
Status, power and ritual interaction : a relational reading of Durkheim, Goffman, and Collins
