http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p19026 vocational psychologists
vocational psychologists
Psychological classification of students with and without handicaps : a test of Holland's theory in Ethiopia
Clinical supervision and well-being at work : a four-year follow-up study on female hospital nurses
Life beyond the classroom : transition strategies for young people with disabilities
As a quintessentially human activity, work transcends countries and cultures. But as economies falter and labor markets go global, the concept of career can seem unrealistic-even alien-to many in economically developing and developed nations alike. The challenge to today's career professional is providing relevant services in the face of rapid, pervasive change. The Handbook of Career Development assembles theoretical and practical innovations on a world scale. Written by professionals from diverse countries and fields, this progressive resource presents career guidance and workforce development as cross-cultural, multidisciplinary, and responsive to contemporary realities. Advanced analysis allows a deeper understanding of the long-term needs of workers as varied as indigenous peoples, older women, immigrants, international students, and the recovering mentally ill. Easy-to-apply career service strategies are outlined for each of these special groups as also for others. And the book's multicultural vision entails reinterpreting the notion of career for the economically developing world, including for those engaged in traditional, rural and craft occupations. Among the areas covered in the Handbook: Innovations in career theory. The person in contexts across the lifespan. Effective career preparation in a volatile labor market. Green careers: work, environmental sustainability, and social justice. Enabling culturally sensitive career counseling. Services for special groups. New directions for assessment, practice, counselor training, competencies, and standards. The Handbook of Career Development opens out realistic new paths for all involved in career services, including counselors, psychologists, social workers, human resource managers, educators, youth workers, and policymakers. It is a suitable resource for a range of academic fields such as developmental studies, economics, ecology, and indigenous studies, and makes an invaluable training text for aspiring career counselors.
The musical temperament : psychology and personality of musicians
Personality and career orientation of business students
The sociology of work : concepts and cases
Becoming a psychologist
How to strengthen your winning business personality
Career theory and practice : learning through case studies
Occupations and values
Designing your life : build a life that works for you
Career, aptitude and selection tests : match your IQ personality and abilities to your ideal career
Vocational intrests of men and women
Designing your life : how to build a well-lived, joyful life
Vocational psychological and organisational perspectives on career : towards a multidisciplinary dialogue
Handbook of career development : international perspectives
Vocational psychology : the study of vocational behavior and development
Crossroads between mind, society and culture : in honour of Yrjö-Paavo Häyrynen in his sixtieth birthday 14 November 1993
Intuitive predictions and professional forecasts : cognitive processes and social consequences
The psychology of careers : an introduction to vocational development
Developing self in work and career : concepts, cases, and contexts
The psychology of vocational choice : a theory of personality types and model environments
Vocational interests : meaning, measurement, and counseling use
Social constructionism in vocational psychology and career development
Born entrepreneurs, born leaders : how your genes affect your work life
Career counselling : constructivist approaches
Handbook of vocational psychology : theory, research, and practice
Whether we're 20, 40, 60 or older, many of us are still looking for an answer to that perennial question, 'What do you want to be when you grow up?' Using real-life stories and proven techniques like reframing, prototyping and mind-mapping, the authors use their expertise to help you work out what you want - and how to get it
Theories of career development
Handbook of vocational psychology. Vol. 1, Foundations
Career choices in psychology
The developmental course of gender differentation : conceptualizing, measuring, and evaluating constructs and pathways
