http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p19090 leaching
leaching
Effect of annually repeated undersowing on cereal grain yields
Pärnänsuo : characteristics of an organic agricultural land with an acid sulfate subsoil
Counterfactual approach for assessing agri-environmental policy : theory with an application to Finnish water protection policy
Soil parameter variability affecting simulated field-scale water balance, erosion and phosphorus losses
Essays on socially optimal phosphorus policies in crop production
Regional P stocks in soil and in animal manure as compared to P requirement of plants in Finland : Baltic Forum for Innovative Technologies for Sustainable Manure Management : WP4 Standardisation of manure types with focus on phosphorus
Release of soil phosphorus during runoff as affected by ionic strength and temperature
Nitrogen cycling and leaching in cool and wet regions of Europe : agriculture : workshop held in Gembloux (Belgium), October 22-23, 1992
Timing incorporation of different green manure crops to minimize the risk of nitrogen leaching
The effect of forestry on leaching of nutrients
Simulation of soil nitrogen storage and leaching : applications to different Swedish agricultural systems
Cost-effective measures for diffuse load abatement in forestry
Fosfilt filters in an agricultural catchment : a long-term field-scale
Hydrological processes contributing to nitrogen leaching from forested catchments in Nordic conditions
Effective recycling agriculture around the Baltic Sea : background report
Temporal and spatial variation in the status of acid rivers and potential prevention methods of AS soil-related leaching in peatland forestry
Catchment hydrochemical processes controlling acidity and nitrogen in forest stream water
Ion leaching and soil acidification in a forest haplic podzol : effects of nitrogen application and clear-cutting
Environmental monitoring of refuse dump leachate toxicity in fish
Phosphorus retention in forest soils and the functioning of buffer zones used in forestry
Landfill waste pollution and control
Farm level cost of reducing nitrate leaching by economic instruments in Croatian farming systems
This study analyzes the economic feasibility of gypsum amendment as a means to reduce particulate and dissolved phosphorus loads from arable areas. To this end, an optimization model is developed that includes gypsum amendment as well as matching phosphorus fertilization to crop need and the level of soil phosphorus reserves as phosphorus load mitigation measures, with soil phosphorus reserves measured by soil test phosphorus (STP). The optimal extent of gypsum amendment is then determined simultaneously with optimal fertilization use as a function of field STP level. The results indicate that whether or not gypsum amendment is economically feasible depends on field erosion susceptibility and STP level. When accounting for the costs and benefits to the society on the whole, gypsum treatment suits best to mitigation of phosphorus losses from soils with excessively high phosphorus reserves; once a threshold STP level is reached, gypsum amendment is optimally given up. This threshold level depends on field slope and on society's willingness to pay for water quality.
The effects of soil erosion on lateral carbon flows in the Philippines
Fluxes of dissolved organic and inorganic nitrogen in relation to stand characteristics and latitude in Scots pine and Norway spruce stands in Finland
Effects of climatic factors on production and leaching of dissolved organic matter (DOM) in heathland systems = Effekter av klimatiske faktorer på produksjon og utvaskning av løst organisk materiale (DOM) i heisystemer
Assessment and mitigation of agricultural water pollution
Eutrophication of the Finnish coastal waters : origin, fate and effects of riverine nutrient fluxes
Effects of sophisticated drainage techniques on groundwater level and drainage water quality on acid sulphate soils : final report of the HAPSU project
Nitrogen dynamics of agroecosystems: combinations of modelling and experiments at different spatial and temporal scales = Nitrogendynamikk i agroøkosystemer; kombinasjoner av modellering og eksperimenter på ulike nivå i tid og rom
Response of leaching from mire ecosystems to changing climate
Performance of alternative policies in addressing environmental dimensions of multifunctionality
Leaching and accumulation of elements in ombrotrophic bogs as indicators of recent and past deposition quality
Effects of the addition of sulphate and phosphate on the leaching of selenite and selenate in acidic soils
Biological leaching of shales : black shale and oil shale
Chemical properties of air-dried samples from an unlimed and limed acid sulphate soil profile and leaching of elements from the profiles
Appropriate classification of three Swedish soils for agrarian and environmental management
The effect of decreasing fertilization on agricultural nitrogen leaching : a model study
Cost-effective nitrogen leaching reduction as influenced by linkages between farm-level decisions
Losses of phosphorus and nitrogen to lake Ringsjön
Freeze-thaw (FT) events in soils can cause a burst of nitrous oxide (N₂O) and enhance N leaching during the spring-thaw event. We studied whether a soil amended with wood-derived (spruce chips) biochar (10 tonnes ha-1), produced at rather low temperatures (400-450°C), could reduce the burst of N₂O and the risk of N leaching from an agricultural soil after a FT event. A short-term laboratory experiment (4 weeks) was conducted with 24 vegetated (Phleum pratense) mesocosms (12 controls, 12 biochar-treated) that had spent a dormant season in the dark at 15°C for two months after the growing season. NO efflux to the atmosphere and ammonium (NH₄⁺-N) and nitrate (NO₃-N) in the percolated soil water were monitored before and after the FT event. N₂O was monitored with the dark chamber method and analyzed using a gas chromatograph. We found that soil amended biochar can significantly diminish the burst of N₂O after the soil FT event (by 61% just after FT event) and substantially reduce the risk of NO₃-N and NH₄⁺-N leaching from the agricultural soil. Compared to the control, the decrement in concentrations of NO₃-N and NH₄⁺-N in water percolated through the biochar amended soil in the mesocosms was 58% and 22%, respectively.
Prolongation of the growing season due to a warming climate could represent new opportunities for northern agriculture. Climatic and biotic constraints may challenge future crop production. The objective of this study was to speculate how a range of arable land use patterns, resulting from various policy driven choices, could be introduced into a farming system, and how they would affect the risks associated with nutrient leaching. We found that while adaptation to climate change must include consideration of crop choices, there are conflicts associated with allocations and rotations for various market and policy situations. The expected increase in nutrient loading in the simulations caused by climate change was moderate. The increase can partly be compensated for by changes in farmland use, more in the shorter term than in the longer term to mid-century. In the future, adaptation at cropping system level is potentially an efficient way to manage nutrient load risks.
Effect of nutrient loading on the development of the state of the Baltic Sea : an overview
Export of suspended solids and dissolved elements from peatland areas after ditch network maintenance in south-central Finland
Drainage and agricultural biodiversity : should society promote surface or subsurface drainage?
Mitigating Agricultural Phosphorus Leaching : The Effect of Timing in Grass Harvesting in Mitigating Wintertime Phosphorus Leaching
Our objective was to incorporate the effects of gypsum on phosphorus (P) losses into the field-scale ICECREAM model and to simulate the treatment of 93 ha of clayey soil with gypsum in a catchment located in southern Finland. In addition to the gypsum effects, a macropore flow description was added to ICECREAM. First, a sensitivity analysis was performed for the new macropore parameters, retrieved from a literature survey. After this, the model was calibrated for a reference period by setting of the macropore parameters to correspond to the P losses observed in the catchment experiment. Next, the effect of gypsum was added to the model in line with laboratory and field experiments that suggested decreased P losses and changed hydraulic properties of the soil. Finally, the modified model was verified for four seasons after the gypsum amendment in the catchment experiment. The model was able to simulate the P losses in three out of the four seasons. According to the simulations, gypsum reduced total P losses by 44%. Although the effect of gypsum on P and erosion is a complex process, our relatively simple modifications to the ICECREAM model described the impact with reasonable accuracy. However, to increase confidence in the performance of the model, it should be tested under other environmental conditions.
Testing the modified CREAMS/GLEAMS model for pesticide concentration in soil
Hydrochemistry of rivers in an acid sulphate soil hotspot area in western Finland
The effects of gypsum on the transfer of phosphorus and other nutrients through clay soil monolithss
We estimated the changes in the losses of particulate and dissolved phosphorus (P) after treating 93 ha of agricultural  fields with gypsum (4 t ha -1) in a 245 ha catchment in southern Finland. Runoff was monitored using online  sensors and manual sampling during one high-flow period before and six periods after the gypsum amendment.  Turbidity recorded by the sensors correlated with particulate P analysed in the laboratory, which enabled  the evaluation of changes in particulate P from the online data. Using a covariance model, gypsum amendment  was estimated to have reduced the loss of particulate P by 64%. The loss of dissolved reactive P appeared to decrease  by one third, but was estimated with less precision. No such changes were found during the same period  in a nearby "reference" catchment, where gypsum was not used. Gypsum did not affect soil test values for P, K, Mg  or Ca, but it did increase the ionic strength and soil test SO₄. In clayey catchments discharging into the sea, gypsum  may provide an efficient means to reduce P losses from field cultivation. The duration of the gypsum effect and  impact of SO₄ associated with gypsum amendment on the ecology of rivers and lakes has yet to be determined.
The effectiviness and feasibility of economic incentives of input control in the mitigation of agricultural water pollution
Fertilizer-induced leaching of phosphorus and potassium from peatlands drained for forestry
Gypsum amendment of soils reduces phosphorus losses in an agricultural catchment
Potential and limitations of phosphate retention media in water protection : a process-based review of laboratory and field-scale tests
A framework for modelling the effects of climate change on material fluxes in forested catchments
More from agriculture : testing the concept and practise of locally driven environmental initiatives
Sources of acidity and metals in a stream draining acid sulphate soil, till and peat, western Finland, revealed by a hydrochemical and sulphur isotope study
Biomass production and control of nutrient leaching of willows using different planting methods with special emphasis on an appraisal of the electrical impedance for roots
Present and future fluxes of nitrogen, phoshorus and carbon from catchments to lakes in a boreal landscape
Nitrogen in soil water at five nitrogen-enriched forest sites in Sweden
Sensitivity of soil phosphorus tests in predicting the potential risk of phosphorus loss from pasture soil
Climate change adaptation in arable land use, and impact on nitrogen load at catchment scale in northern agriculture
Long-term effects of enhanced nitrogen and sulphate additions on soil acidification and nutrient cycling in a Norway spruce stand
Novel methods for reducing agricultural nutrient loading and eutrophication : meeting of Cost 869 14-16 june, Jokioinen, Finland
Soil nitrate N as influenced by annually undersown cover crops in spring cereals
Impacts of drainage for forestry on runoff and water chemistry
Site preparation and leaching of nutrients
Gypsum amendment as a means to reduce agricultural phosphorus loading : an economic appraisal
Acid deposition and the acidification of soils and waters
Leaching of nutrients in greenhouse cultivation of tomato crop in the Mediterranean area under different fertirrigation managements
Diffuse load mitigation is a prevailing global challenge due to the eutrophication of water bodies. We report here long-term nutrient removal performance of two on-site sand filters (F1 and F2) in southwestern Finland, established in the 1990s. The sand filters were enhanced with a layer of phosphorus binding material Fosfilt-s, a side product of titanium dioxide production. The monitoring periods were 4.5 and 3.5years for F1 and F2, respectively. F1 only worked for some months due to blockage of the crushed stone layer. After renovation (1999), the filter worked for a year but then the Fosfilt-s layer clogged and the filter increased suspended solids (SS) and dissolved reactive phosphorus (DRP) loads by 36% and 19% on average, respectively. Total P (PTOT) load was not affected. The structure and performance of F2 were more successful due to a better water distribution system. On average, 61% ofthe inflowing suspended solids, 37% of the PTOT and 45% of the DRP were removed during the monitoring period. We conclude that these filter types have the potential to be further developed into useful tools for nutrient load reduction. Development work should be focused on the treatment of subsurface drainage waters with high concentrations of dissolved nutrients, in particular. Long term field data is needed, because laboratory tests cannot fully simulate natural circumstances.
Ca - Fe oxide granules as potential phosphate barrier material for critical source areas : a laboratory study of P retention and release
Proceedings from the seminar : manure - an agronomic and environmental challenge. NJF-seminar 372, arranged by NJF sections, soil, water and environment; engineering. Nils Holgersson gymnasiet Skurup, Sweden September 5-6, 2005.
Irrigation and nitrogen use efficiency of Thuja occidentalis grown on sandy soils
Capacity of riparian buffer areas to reduce ammonium export originating from ditch network maintenance areas in peatlands drained for forestry
Trends in concentrations and export of nitrogen in boreal forest streams
Metals in MSWI fly ash : problems or opportunities?
Phosphorus fertilizer leaching from drained ombrotrophic peatland forests : empirical studies and modelling
Concentration levels and spatial distribution of sulphur and metals in fine-grained sediments in western Finland
We applied gypsum (CaSO4×2 H2O) amendments to 100 m² plots within two clay-textured fields, one under shallow cultivation to 10 cm depth and the other ploughed to 20 cm depth. Unamended plots and plots subjected to a CaCO3 (finely ground limestone) application served as controls. Separate soil monoliths (30 cm in diameter, 40 cm in depth) were collected for laboratory rainfall simulations from all plots 7, 19 and 31 months after the initial application of the amendments. Water passed through the monoliths during these simulations was analysed for turbidity, dissolved and particulate phosphorus (DRP and PP), nitrogen species, dissolved organic carbon (DOC), as well as dissolved Ca²⁺, Mg²⁺, K⁺ and S, pH, and electrical conductivity (EC). Over the three-year monitoring period, gypsum amended soils exhibited substantial decreases in turbidity (45%), PP (70%), DRP (50%) and DOC (35%) relative to control samples. The effects gradually decreased with time, and after 31 months gypsum effects on P species were detectible, but no longer statistically significant. We consider gypsum amendments as a potential tool for slowing P loss from agricultural areas with high P loss potential.
Nitrogen fertilizer rates, N balances, and related risk of N leaching in Finnish agriculture
Export of dissolved organic carbon, nitrogen and phosphorus following clear-cutting of three Norway spruce forest growing on drained peatlands in southern Finland
Leaching of organic carbon and nitrogen from forested catchments under variable climatic conditions
Nitrogen and phosphorus losses from a feedlot for suckler cows
The flows and balances of P, K, Ca and Mg on intensively managed Boreal high input grass and low input grass-clover pastures
Leaching in the material balance of peatlands - preliminary results
A simple evaluation of the Swedish Catch Crop Program
Pesticide groundwater leaching modelling in risk assessment in Finland : interim report
No-tillage and boardmill sludge : possibilities to diminish erosion and P losses from clay fields
Animals to the shore - yes or no? : a guide to sustainable grazing on shore
Simulated nitrogen leaching, nitrogen mass field balances and their correlation on four farms in south-western Finland during the period 2000-2005
Mapping erosion- and phosphorus-vulnerable areas in the Baltic Sea Region : data availability, methods and biosecurity aspects
Agricultural phosphorus and water quality : sources, transport and management
Regionalisation of erosion and nitrate losses from agricultural land in Nordic countries
No-till technology : benefits to farmers and the environment
Leaching of organic carbon and nitrogen from Finnish forestry land
Nutrient losses from agriculture in the Nordic and Baltic countries : measurements in small agricultural catchments and national agro-environmental statistics
Cost-effective reduction of phosporus run of from agriculture : a numerical analysis
Loss of nutrients and the natural nutrient balance of the soil in Finland
Transport and transformations of nitrogen in an arable soil
Undersowing in a northern climate : effects on spring cereal yield and risk of nitrate leaching
Dissolved reactive phosphorus in runoff assessed by soil extraction with an acetate buffer
Novel methods for reducing nutrient losses from fields to water
Phosphate leaching from high moor soils
Abstract.
Marginal abatement costs for reducing leaching of nitrates in Croatian agriculture
Leaching of organic carbon and nitrogen from peatland-dominated catchments
A lysimeter study nutrient release, leaching losses and growth response of amaranthus resulting from application of inorganic and organic nitrogen sources
Leaching of organic carbon and nitrogen from forested catchments
Residual effect of clover-rich leys on soil nitrogen and successive grain crops
Economic evaluation of soil erosion: a survey of methods and approaches
Chemical character of the response of softwood kraft pulp towards industrial two-stage oxygen-alkali delignification
A review of available pesticide leaching models : selection of models for simulation of herbicide fate in Finnish sugar beet cultivation
The main objective of the study was to compare nutrient balances of phosphorus (P), potassium (K), magnesium (Mg) and calcium (Ca) on fertilized grass pasture (high input) and unfertilized grass-clover pasture (low input) both grazed by dairy cattle. The second aim was to quantify P loss in surface runoff from the fertilized grass pasture. The study was conducted on a lysimeter field that included two surface runoff collector ditches. The whole area was rotationally stocked five times per year and the amount of milk was recorded. Nutrient balances were negative on both grass and grass-clover pastures except the P balance for grass pasture, which was 18 kg ha-1 positive. The amount of total P in the surface runoff from fertilized grass pasture was 1.2-0.9 kg ha-1 y-1. It seems that in short-term ley farming, grass-clover swards can retain nutrients in the soil better than pure grass swards.
Soil nitrogen as fertilizer or pollutant : proceedings and report of a research coordination meeting organized by the joint FAO/AEA division of atomic energy in food and agriculture in cooperation with the Geschellschaft für Strahten -und Umweltforschung (GSF) and held in Piracicaba, Brazil, 3-7 july 1978.
The River Fyris : a study of fluvial transportation
Simulated effects of gypsum amendment on phosphorus losses from agricultural soils
Economic loss in fishery and aquaculture by agricultural nitrogen leaching
Impacts of restoration of forestry-drained peatlands on nutrient and organic carbon exports and methane dynamics
No-tillage and boardmill sludge - possibilities to diminish erosion and P losses from clay fields
Displacement of phosphorus in structured soils
Geohazards : natural and man-made
The application of phosphorus (P)-sorbing materials offers a possible solution for treating municipal wastewater  and agricultural runoff. In this paper we discuss P retention and release mechanisms, and review studies on the P  retention of different materials and their use as reactive media in filter beds. The main mechanisms for P retention  are sorption on metal (mostly Fe or Al) hydroxide surfaces and, in alkaline conditions, the formation of Ca-P  precipitates. The retention of P is strongly affected by the chemical composition of a material, its particle size and  pH-related effects on sorption and precipitation both during testing and in practical operation. Laboratory tests  are sensitive to solution chemistry (pH, alkalinity, ionic strength and composition, P concentration) and affected by  material-to-solution ratio, contact time and agitation. Moreover, due to deviations from realistic field conditions,  laboratory tests may produce imprecise estimates of the retention capacity and retention kinetics. In particular,  materials that contain soluble substances (e.g., CaO) that elevate the pH of the ambient solution to high levels may  in batch tests suggest a high capacity for P retention, but will most probably show much lower retention in field  settings. On the other hand, materials containing metal oxides also retain P via slow reactions, and their retention  capacity may be underestimated in short equilibrations. Appropriate laboratory test procedures will depend  on their intended applications and material properties. Long-term field-scale tests are few in number, but some of  them have shown promising results. Field-scale tests have, however, highlighted the design of the filters as a critical  factor in their efficiency.
Phosphorus losses from a subdrained clayey soil as affected by cultivation practices
Reduced tillage: influence on erosion and nutrient losses in a clayey field in southern Finland
Acid-induced leaching of elements from cultivated soils
Phosphate barriers may mitigate dissolved P losses from critical source areas. We studied P retention of industrially produced Ca - Fe oxide as potential P barrier material. In batch tests with 1 mg l⁻¹ P solution, P retention was 85% efficient in 5 min. In a flow-through system, the granule phosphate-retention capacity was 6 - 7 mg g⁻¹, being largely unaffected by pre-leaching. Phosphate release from P-saturated granules was pH-dependant and suggested P association with Fe oxides, and as Ca-phosphate precipitates. In a sequential extraction of P-saturated granules, about 25% of retained P was released, whereas a separate anaerobic incubation resulted in negligible release of P. Immersion of unleached, P-saturated granules for 16 days in a low-P-concentration lake resulted in more than 80% Ca loss, but no loss of metals, and about 25% loss of P accumulated earlier in granules. These granules are promising for P retention and merit a field-scale study.
Atmospheric impact of bioenergy based on reed canary grass cultivation on organic soil
Biochar can restrict N2O emissions and the risk of nitrogen leaching from an agricultural soil during the freeze-thaw period
