http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p19017 secretaries
secretaries
My life with Elvis
The challenge of peace management: the role of the United NationsSecretary General
Gone west : a Daisy Dalrymple mystery
The sea of troubles
Sputnik Sweetheart
Human rights from exclusion to inclusion : principles and practice : an anthology from the work of Theo van Boven
The rose and the fist
"Only two can keep a secret if one of them is dead. David and Adele seem like the ideal pair. He's a successful psychiatrist, she is his picture-perfect wife who adores him. But why is he so controlling? And why is she keeping things hidden? As Louise, David's new secretary, is drawn into their orbit, she uncovers more puzzling questions than answers. The only thing that is crystal clear is that something in this marriage is very, very wrong. But Louise can't guess how wrong - and how far a person might go to protect their marriage's secrets. "--
Until the final hour : Hitler's last secretary
The challenge of peace management: the role of the United Nations Secretary-General
Management assistant's guide to information seeking
Datura, or, A delusion we all see
Change in professional competence : from an export secretary to export assistant
Careers in secretarial and office work
Sputnik sweetheart
Desire me always
From managing the phones, coordinating meetings, and preparing presentations to planning events, crafting clear business communications, and deciphering legal documents, administrative assistants need to be everything to everyone, all the time.
The good husband of Zebra Drive
Kofi Annan : a man of peace in a world of war
Malenkov : a biographical stury of Stalin's successor
Administrative assistant's and secretary's handbook
Trygve Lie and the cold war : the UN Secretary-General pursues peace, 1946-1953
The good mayor
Working with R.V.W
Entwined with you : a crossfire novel
On duty with the queen
Bending with the winds : Kurt Waldheim and the United Nations
Entwined with you
Procedures & theory for administrative professionals
"The ultimate guide for all management, personal, and executive assistants and secretaries, The Definitive Personal Assistant and Secretarial Handbook places specific emphasis on career development, providing guidance and advice on career advancement. Author Sue France offers help with time management, networking, relationship management, communication, and confidence. This updated third edition contains new chapters on neuroscience and how it affects job performance and how to use social media, as well as a detailed chapter on effective minute taking, telephone (especially cell phone) etiquette, and presentation skills. "--
Abstract: Developing the work of departmental secretaries and health care center assistants: case Jämsän seudun terveydenhuollon kuntayhtymä.
The professional secretary
Rules of civility
Hammarskjöld : a pictorial biography
The American secretaries of state and their diplomacy. 14, E. R. Stettinius, Jr., James F. Byrnes
Leadership and reform : the Secretary-General and the UN financial crisis of the late 1980s
Interventions : a life in war and peace
The definitive executive assistant and managerial handbook : a professional guide to leadership for all PAs, senior secretaries, office managers and executive assistants
The company secretary's handbook : a guide to duties & responsibilities
Administrative assistant's & secretary's handbook
Secretarial English
Deng Xiaoping : the man who made modern China
Tea time for the traditionally built
U Thant in New York 1961-1971 : a portrait of the third UN secretary-general
On duty with the Queen
Velvet. 1 : Before the living end
A question of belief
One stop company secretary
The first fifty years : the secretary-general in world politics 1920-1970
Malekov : a biographical stury of Stalin's successor
Professional secretary's encyclopedic dictionary
Post graduate work-placement of Mubba students
Plans for commercial agents and consuls of autonomous Finland
In this thesis the history, development and future of IT equipment in the office environment are dealt with. What an assistant/secretary should know about office IT equipment is also handled. The research question is how and in which direction office IT equipment will develop in the future. The research question is solved, keeping in mind the assistant's point of view. What an assistant should know about office IT equipment both now and in the future is also ascertained. This thesis was done for Enviroburners Ltd, which manufactures burners and other equipment for industrial usage. Enviroburners Ltd is currently renewing their office's IT equipment, and they wanted information on what they should consider when buying new machines. The empirical part of this thesis was done by gathering information from a web-site and interviewing professionals in the IT field. The theoretical part was created with the help of the relevant literature. The Internet was also an important source of information. The information gained from the Internet was used after critical assessment and cross checked information from other sources. In this thesis information technology in the office environment was mainly dealt with, i.e. the computer and its accessories. The matter of what an assistant should know about this area was also handled. Copy machines and some of the most important software and operating systems were dealt with, but the main focus was on IT equipment hardware in the office environment. From this hardware, the contents of a computer were dealt with, i.e. what a present-day computer needs to be able to work well. In the thesis future predictions regarding different parts of a computer were dealt with. Aid for predicting the future was gained from relevant literature and publications. Interviews and a poll on a web-site called MuroBBS also helped to determine future predictions for office IT equipment. According to this research, nothing drastic will happen in the near future concerning desk top computers. Increasing speeds and more efficient machines will become available, and prices will become lower. It could be said that what is new today will be old tomorrow. However, the fact that equipment is getting smaller and mobile phones are taking the place of laptops also affects office work. Communicators will become more generalized and some work will be done outside of the office. The space for electronic archiving will increase in the future. In addition to this, the shrinking of equipment will increase table space in offices. With the generalization of communicators one has to pay attention to information security, since the same threats that affect normal computers also affect these communication devices. An assistant should keep herself updated. She does not need to know the technical details of what happens inside of a computer, but knowledge of different parts of it can be an advantage in her work. In addition, assistants should train themselves to meet the requirements that the future will set for them regarding office IT equipment.
The United Nations and the development of collective security : the delegation by the UN Security Council of its chapter VII powers
Abstact: Portrait of cultural secretaries.
European management assistants : Work, challenges and the future
English for secretaties
Tylsää ; The end
Future of the IT equipment in office
Good morning, Mr Mandela : a young woman, a president, a life-changing friendship
Rules of civility : a novel
Freak out! : my life with Frank Zappa
Employees in organisational change
Kofi Annan : a man of piece in a world of war
The definitive personal assistant & secretarial handbook
Telephoning in English
Humanitarian good offices in international law : the good offices of the United Nations Secretary-General in the field of human rights
Matilda's wedding
European management assistants : work, challenges and the future
