http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p19076 Hasidism
Hasidism Hasidic Judaism
Lithuanian Hasidism
The Besht : magician, mystic, and leader
The four worlds : a letter
Mi chamocha 5629 : true existence : a chasidic discourse
Hasidic people : a place in the new world
Uniter of heaven and earth : Rabbi Meshullam Feibush Heller of Zbarazh and the rise of Hasidism in Eastern Galicia
Martin Buber's spirituality : Hasidic wisdom for everyday life
The unbreakable soul : a chasidic discourse
The faith of the Mithnagdim : rabbinic responses to Hasidic rapture
Garments of the soul : a chasidic discourse
Tzava'at ha-Rivash : the testament of rabbi Israel Baal Shem Tov
The Messiah of Brooklyn : understanding Lubavitch Hasidism past and present
Major trends in Jewish mysticism
Letters by the Lubavitcher Rebbe [sheliṭa]. Vol. 1, Tishrei - Adar
Hasidic psychology : making space for others
A passion for truth
Letters of light
Lessons in Tanya : the Tanya of R. Shneur Zalman of Liadi
Hasidism and politics : the kingdom of Poland, 1815--1864
The messianic secret of Hasidism
The mystical dimension. Vol. 3, Chassidic dimensions : themes in Chassidic thought and practice
To know and to care : an anthology of Chassidic stories about the Lubavitcher Rebbe Rabbi Menachem M. Schneerson. Vol. 2
On the essence of Chasidus : a chasidic discourse
Symbolic anthropology in the Netherlands
Opening the Tanya : discovering the moral and mystical teachings of a classic work of Kabbalah
Leadership in the HaBaD movement : a critical evaluation of HaBaD leadership, history, and succession
The mystical origins of Hasidism
The third judge : and other stories of rabbi Menachem Mendel Schneersohn of Lubavitch, the Tzemach Tzedek
Hasidism : between ecstasy and magic
We want Moshiach now! : understanding the Messianic message in the Jewish Chabad-Lubavitch movement
Rabbi Shneur Zalman of Liady : the origins of Chabad Hasidism
Holy dissent : Jewish and Christian mystics in Eastern Europe
The Great Maggid : the life and teachings of Rabbi Dov Ber of Mezhirech. Vol. 1, Rabbi Dov Ber of Mezhirech and his leadership of Chassidism: a biography
A feminist ethnomusicology : writings on music and gender
Chanoch lanaar : the first will of Rabbi Shalom DovBer Schneersohn of Lubavitch
Yiddish civilisation : the rise and fall of a forgotten nation
Nurturing faith : a chasidic discourse
The Hasidic anthology : tales and teachings of the Hasidim
Chassidic discourses : Sefer hamaamarim - Yiddish. Vol. 1
In G-d we trust : a handbook of values for Americans : based on the works of the Lubavitcher rebbe, rabbi Menachem M. Schneerson
The philosophy of Martin Buber
Torah studies : discourses
Days in Chabad : historic events in the dynasty of Chabad-Lubavitch
Oneness in creation : a chasidic discourse
Piety and power : the world of Jewish fundamentalism
Old worlds, new mirrors : on Jewish mysticism and twentieth-century thought
Tormented master : the life and spiritual quest of Rabbi Nahman of Bratslav
Souls on fire : portraits and legends of Hasidic masters
The Hasidic community of Williamsburg
Transforming the inner self : a chasidic discourse
The rebirth of Hasidism : 1945 to the present day
"The history of Hasidism and East European Jewry through the biography of Rabbi Shneur Zalman of Liady"--
The religious thought of Hasidism : text and commentary
The visual culture of Chabad
The chasidic masters : and their teachings
The Rebbe's army : inside the world of Chabad-Lubavitch
Chassidic discourses : Sefer hamaamarim - Yiddish. Vol. 2
Hasidism on the margin : reconciliation, antinomianism and messianism in Izbica and Radzin hasidism
Niggun : stories behind the Chasidic songs that inspire Jews
Men of silk : the Hasidic conquest of Polish Jewish Society
Sound the great shofar : essays on the imminence of the redemption : adapted from addresses of the Lubavitcher rebbe, rabbi Menachem M. Schneerson
The Shulchan Aruch of Rabbi Shneur Zalman of Liadi
The wolf shall lie with the lamb : the messiah in Hasidic thought
Studying Judaism : the critical issues
"This book presents the first full-length study of a vast and complex visual tradition produced, revered, preserved, banned, and destroyed by the Hasidic movement of Chabad. This rich repository of visual artifacts provides the archaeological data for an analysis of how the movement consolidated its influence during a period of political and economic transformation and survived its immigration to America in the wake of the Holocaust. As one of the most self-documented and media-preserved modern Jewish movements, Chabad's rich material culture, including the hand-held portrait, the "rebbishe" space, the printer's mark, and the public menorah, afford scholars a wider range of interpretive strategies for understanding the movement and the role of the visual experience in religion"--
Founder of Hasidism : a quest for the historical Ba'al Shem Tov
To live and live again : an overview of Techiyas HaMeisim based on the classical sources and on the teachings of Chabad Chassidism
