http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p19096 hazel grouse
hazel grouse Tetrastes bonasia
Tampere - Finlands city of drama = Tampere s'est proclamée la ville finlandaise du théâtre
Dynamics of tetraonids in "Kivach" reserve in 1970-2001
Synchrony in tetraonid population dynamics
Distribution of grouse birds and their most important foods in Vodlozersky National Park (North-West Russia) during early spring
Host–parasite interactions of boreal forest grouse and their intestinal helminth parasites
Abstract: An analysis of 53 crops of the hazel grouse collected during September - December of 1967 - 1970 gave the following results...
Joint habitat use by four grouse species (Tetrao urogallus, Tetrao tetrix, Bonasa bonasia, Lagopus lagopus) in the Vodlozersky National Park (NW Russia) during early spring
Usage of geographic information systems (GIS) in analyses of wildlife triangle data
Weights of the crop contents of Tetrao urogallus, Lyrurus tetrix, Tetrastes bonasia and Lagopus lagopus in Finnish Lappland in autumn and winter
Modelling grouse population dynamics
Grouse as indicators of forest landscape structure : Finland vs Russian Karelia comparison
Strolls through the parks of central Tampere
Case report: On 18. X. 1967 an adult male hazel grouse was shot by Mr. M. Kinnunen at Kolsakoski in the northernmost part of the commune of Savukoski, N. E. Finland. Mr. Kinnunen observed a large yellow body, with no feathers, on the back of the bird and sent the whole bird for investigation to the Subarctic Research Station of the University...
Effect of changing landscape structure on the predator-prey interaction between goshawk and grouse
Chemical composition and caloric content of the autumn and winter diet of Tetrastes bonasia L. in northeastern Finnisch Lapland
Effects of habitat fragmentation on hazel grouse (Bonasa bonasia) in boreal landscapes
Host-parasite interactions of boreal forest grouse and their intestinal helminth parasites
The contents of 53 hazel grouse crops collected in September-December 1967 - 1970 were analyzed. Food items fell into two major categories: berries and browse...
Pluminidal sinus (epidermoid cyst) on the back of a male hazel grouse (Tetrastes bonasia L.)
Autumn and winter diet of the hazel grouse (Tetrastes bonasia L.) i northeastern Finnish Lapland
The occurrence of hazel grouse in the boreal forest : effects of habitat composition at several spatial scales
Pheasants, partridges and grouse : a guide to the pheasants, partridges, quails, grouse, guineafowl, buttonquails and sandgrouse of the world
