http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p19042 ventilation systems
ventilation systems
Building Services Engineering
Air filtration in HVAC systems
Rakennusten ilmanvaihto = Ventilation for buildings : rakennusten energiatehokkuus = energy performance of buildings : ilmastointijärjestelmien määräaikaistarkastusohjeet = guidelines for inspection of air-conditioning systems
Total hydronic balancing : a handbook for design and trouble-shooting of hydronic HVAC systems
Building services handbook
Legionellosis prevention in building water and HVAC systems : a practical guide for design, operation and maintenence to minimize the risk
User-adaptive environment : feasibility of sensors and applications for improving indoor energy efficiency, comfort and well-being
Solar home design manual for cool climates
Design of energy efficient ventilation and air-conditioning systems / N. Brelih (ed.), Olli Seppänen, Thore Berthilsson, Mari-Liis Maripuu, Herve Lamy, Alex Vanden Borre
Probabilistic modelling of PM[sup2.5] exposures in the working age population of Helsinki metropolitan area
Indoor air technology in the USA
Natural Home Heating : the Complete Guide to renewable Energy Options
Inhimilliseen sisäilmastoon : Towards a more humane indoor climate
Mechanical ventilation systems in swimming pools
Faber and Kell's heating and air-conditioning of buildings
Indoor climate quality assessment
Probabilistic modelling of PM25 exposures in the working age population of Helsinki metropolitan area
Energy efficient heating and ventilation of large halls
Automotive heating and air conditioning
Demand Controlled Ventilation Systems : CO2 Controlled Ventilation Systems
Content formulations to obtain initial flow rates for ventilation duct system flow analyses
Cleanliness of ventilation systems
Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning (HVAC)control systems are omnipresent in modern buildings. This book is an introduction to all those involved in the specification, design, manufacture, installation, operation or maintainance of these systems. The book explains: Control theory and how to evaluate, select, position and sequence the appropriate type of control. The electrical knowledge needed to understand controls and the use of electrical circuit drawings. The various types of valves and dampers, and their selection, installation and operation. Terminology and attributes of sensors, the selection of moisture sensors, pressure, flow, and auxiliary devices. Self-powered and system-powered controls. Electric controls, control diagrams and control logic. The components of pneumatic systems and control applications diagrams. Wiring conventions, application-specific electronic controllers and how to use them in HVAC applications.The use of written specifications, schedules, and drawings to clearly identify what is to be installed, how it is to be installed, and how it is expected to operate. Direct Digital Controls (DDC) components, their inputs and outputs, and the programming of DDC routines. DDC Networks and Protocols .DDC Specification, Installation and Commissioning After completing this course, you will understand: Control theory and how to evaluate, select, position and sequence the appropriate type of control. The electrical knowledge needed to understand controls and the use of electrical circuit drawings. The various types of valves and dampers, and their selection, installation and operation. Terminology and attributes of sensors, the selection of moisture sensors, pressure, flow, and auxiliary devices. Self-powered and system-powered controls. Electric controls, control diagrams and control logic. The components of pneumatic systems and control applications diagrams.Wiring conventions, application-specific electronic controllers and how to use them in HVAC applications. The use of written specifications, schedules, and drawings to clearly identify what is to be installed, how it is to be installed, and how it is expected to operate. Direct Digital Controls (DDC) components, their inputs and outputs, and the programming of DDC routines. DDC Networks and Protocols. DDC Specification, Installation and Commissioning.
Mixing ventilation : guide on mixing air distribution design
Fundamentals of HVAC control systems
Ilmanvaihtoa ilman vaihtoehtoa : Unconditional air conditioning
Energy saving of central air-conditioning and control system : Case study: Nanchang Hongkelong Supermarket
Geothermal heat pumps : a guide for planning and installing
The structural design of air and gas ducts for power stations and industrial boiler applications
Managing indoor air quality
Industrial  ventilation : a manual of recommended practice
Renovation of Ventilation and Air-conditioning System in Old Russian Museums
Capacity building for environmental law in the Asia and Pacific region : approaches and resources. Vol. 1
A PQ-formulation for ventilation duct system flow analyses : theory
Capacity building for environmental law in the Asian and Pacific region : approaches and resources. Vol. 1
Ventilation systems : design and performance
Industrial ventilation design guidebook
HVAC in sustainable office buildings : A bridge between owners and engineers
Handbook of ventilation for contaminant control
Modelling the attached plane jet in a room
Prognostics for industrial machinery availability : final seminar Espoo 12.12.2006
Marketing plan for Datasteel's new product, Futuran
The effect of thermal plumes on the performance of ventilated ceilings in commercial kitchens
Sustainable home refurbishment : the Earthscan guide to retrofitting homes for efficiency
Handbook of energy engineering
Building services engineering
Hygiene requirements for ventilation and air-conditioning systems and -units
BIM Workflow for Mechanical Ventilation Design :  Object-Based Modeling with Autodesk Revit®
Ex AX lux : a selected history of building service technology
Transform! : European journal for alternative thinking and political dialogue. 06/2010, Porto Alegre : the world ten years after
Development of droplet and dust separators for pulp and paper machine ventilation systems
Air distribution systems : CIBSE commissioning code A
