http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p19079 language families
language families
The languages and linguistics of Europe : a comprehensive guide
The non-Pama-Nyungan languages of northern Australia : comparative studies of the continent's most linguistically complex region
World cultures : Russia
The languages of the world : new edition
Dictionary of languages : the definitive reference to more than 400 languages
Language and linguistics : an introduction
Faces of Britain
Social science as civic discourse : essays on the invention, legitimation, and uses of social theory
Collins Latin language and Roman culture
Knowledge, renewal and religion : repositioning and changing ideological and material circumstances among the Swahili on the East African coast
International encyclopedia of linguistics. Vol. 2, Ethnography of speaking-mamfe languages
The classification of the Bantu languages
British life and institutions
A Russian-English dictionary of social science terms : Russko-anglijskij social'no-ekonomičeskij i juridičeskij slovar'
The major languages of Western Europe
The Nihongo journal
A Russian-English Social Science Dictionary
Ethnolinguistic diversity in Siberia
A learner's glossary of Lapland = Lappi - sanasto
Dictionary of the Prague School of Linguistics
The languages of the world
American life
This volume features over fifty of the world's languages and language families. The featured languages have been chosen based on the number of speakers, their role as official languages and their cultural and historical importance. Each language is looked at in depth, and the chapters provide information on both grammatical features and on salient features of the language's history and cultural role. This second edition has been updated and revised. Two new languages, Amharic and Javanese, have been included. This accessible volume will appeal to anyone with an interest in linguistics. Attention is paid to both grammatical and sociolinguistic features. Attention is concentrated on the world's major languages designed to be accessible to all readers with an interest in language.
Language matters
Epigraphical evidence relating to the Roman gladiatorial establishment
The languages of the Soviet Union
A biography of the English language
The Ugaritic abjad ... a rovás alphabet
Honfoglalás.. : the magyars are back home
The major languages of East and South-East Asia
Britain explored
Russko-anglijskij slovar' obščestvenno-političeskoj leksiki = Russian-English dictionary of socio-political terms : okolo 9000 slov
Toponymic Guidelines for Map Editors and Other Editors : Finland
An introduction to sociolinguistics
International journal of sino-western studies
Documentary letters of recommendation in Latin from the Roman empire
Individuals at the heart of educational change : local level administrators' views on the development of the organization of language education through top-down projects, bottom-up reorganization, and cooperation and communication
Introducing language and society
'Talking proper' : the rise of accent as social symbol
Syncope and kindred phenomena in Latin inscriptions : from the parts of the Roman world where Romance speech developed
A world of images : distinctions between different visual cultures
The northern frontier in Britain from Hadrian to Honorius : literary and epigraphic sources
The major languages of Eastern Europe
The metaphorical society : an invitation to social theory
Standard dictionary of the social sciences = Standardwörterbuch für die Sozialwissenschaften. Vol. 1, English-German = Englisch-Deutsch
Arctic languages : an awakening
Germany : its representation in textbooks for teaching German in Great Britain
The Cambridge encyclopedia of language
In Britain : 21st century edition
1000 Duraljan etyma : an extended study in the lexical similarities in the major agglutinative languages
This is Britain. Level 1
Classification and index of the world's languages
The Roman stonecutter : an introduction to Latin epigraphy
Standardwörterbuch für die Sozialwissenschaften = Standard dictionary of the social sciences. Band 2, Deutsch-Englisch = German-English : Teil 1 : A-L
Suomen kielikartta = Språkkarta över Finland = Suoma giellakárta = Linguistic map of Finland = Carte linguistique de la Finlande
Sumerian and Proto-Duraljan : a lexical comparison concerning the Suduraljan hypothesis
Presentation of the American culture in EFL textbooks : an analysis of the cultural content of Finnish EFL textbooks for secondary and upper secondary education
International encyclopedia of linguistics. Vol. 4, Semantic and lexical change-zulu
In Britain
Changing class attitudes
Interpreting Management and policy in Finland, United Kingdom and Germany
Roman provincial coinage. Vol. 1, [From the death of Caesar to the death of Vitellius (44 BC-AD 69)], pt 2 : Indexes and plates
World's major languages
The spirit of the game : navigational aids for the next century
Language and society in India : proceedings of a seminar
Compact dictionary of the social sciences = Kompaktwörterbuch der Sozialwissenschaften. Bd 2, English-German = Englisch-Deutsch
Wittgenstein : a social theory of knowledge
The major languages of South Asia, the Middle East and Africa
The atlas of languages : the origin and development of languages throughout the world
Language, history and class
International encyclopedia of linguistics. Vol. 3, Mande languages-selection
Relations in public : microstudies of the public order
Limits of language : almost everything you didn't know you didn't know about language and languages
Latinitas and barbarism according to the Roman grammarians : attitudes toward language in the light of grammatical examples
International encyclopedia of linguistics
Arabia and the Arabs : from the Bronze Age to the coming of islam
Language ideologies : practice and theory
Standardwörterbuch für die Sozialwissenschaften = Standard dictionary of the social sciences. Band 2, Teil 2, M-Z : Deutsch-Englisch = M-Z : German-English
Final document for the project Steps Towards an Improvement of the Participation of Deaf Persons in the Information Society : Supplement: Presentation of the Klagenfurt Workshop
Liverpudlian social class in modern drama : a study of Educating Rita (1980) and Paradise Bound (2006)
Kompaktwörterbuch der Sozialwissenschaften = Compact dictionary of the social sciences. Bd 1, Deutsch-Englisch = German-English
An epigraphical study of Roman religion
This is Britain. Level 2
