http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p19084 propellers
propellers
High efficiency propellers delivered to twin-screw tanker
New Azipod hits the market
Class and comfort
Marine Propellers and Propulsion
Warbirds Worldwide : Number Twelve. 12.
The Azipod conquest of ships' engine rooms
New applications for the Azipod propulsion system
Manoeuvring single screw vessels fitted with controllable pitchpropellers in confined waters
Parallel operation of diesels and gas turbine engine in electric cruise vessel propulsion
Detail & Scale 30 : F4F Wildcat. 30
Warbirds Worldwide : Number Eight. 8.
Gas turbines and pods in breakthrough
Warbirds Worldwide : Number Thirteen. 13.
Combining the expertise of two worlds
Schottel raises the stakes
New propulsion solution saves time and money
Azipod® propulsion for icebreaking stand-by and supply vessel
Azipod breakthrough in tanker arena
Kamewa Finland has orders for over a hundred tug-boat propulsion units
Propeller handbook : the complete reference for choosing, installing, and understanding boat propellers installing, and understanding boat propellers
Shallow draft of a cruise ship presents a challenge to propeller makers
Offering an "holistic" service
Steerprop Ltd looks to economic recovery in Europe
New type of propulsion unit protecting Norway's fjords
Podded propulsion
Shipbuilding - ship screw propellers - manufactoring tolerances. Part 2. Propellers of diameter between 0,80 and 2,50 m.
Azipod poised for world conquest
Azipod marures with next-generation XO
Large output-power, low-speed permanent magnet sychronous motor designs for ship propulsion drive
A power-saving idea
Podded propulsors gaining popularity
Warbirds Worldwide : Number Eleven. 11.
ABB's electric power solutions suit LNG vessels
Detail & Scale : B-17 Flying Fortress
Advances in thruster design move ahead rapidly
Manoeuvring and course-keeping of a Ro-pax vessel : a comparison between conventional and podded propulsion
Brunvoll celebrates 100 years
Laboratory tests of propeller blade profile pressure distribution under ice contact. Volume 2
Development of a combined propeller control hydraulic system
Warbirds Worldwide : Fifteen. 15.
Propulsion playing a pivotal role
Detail & Scale 26 : F6F Hellcat. 26
The World's fastest aircraft : from SuperMarine S6 to the Space Shuttle
Combat Aircraft of World War II 1942-1943
In future natural resources will be exploited in increasingly difficult locations
A for azimuth propulsion
Warbirds Worldwide : Number Nine. 9.
Warbirds Worldwide : Number Six. 6.
Finland : keeping ahead
Progress through technical prowess
Warbirds Worldwide : Number Seven. 7.
The Far East is an opportunity, not a threat
Warplanes of the World 1918-1939
Combat aircraft of world war two
Combat Aircraft of World War II 1943-1944
Wärtsilä buys UK-based Smiths Group
Shipbuilding - ship screw propellers - manufactoring tolerances. Part 1. Propellers of diameter greater than 2,50 m.
Through the Arctic ice packs
Theory and practice of controllable pitch propellers
Warbirds Worldwide : Number Five. 5.
RCCL, Finnish Government chooze Azipods
Speed : going fast will cost you dear
RANS analyses of cavitating propeller flows
Laboratory tests of propeller blade profile pressure distribution under ice contact. Volume 1
ABB investing in development of the Azipod system
Warbirds Worldwide : Number Four. 4.
New era of propulsion
Warbirds Worldwide : Number Fourteen. 14.
Ships and water
The propulsion of the future
Gears and propellers from Finland around the world
In search of perfection
Azipod propulsion selected for "Project Eagle"
Propeller-ice interaction : joint research project arrangement 6, (JRPA 6) : joint conclusion report
Investigation of the viscous flow around two model propellers in uniform inflow
The Warbirds
Secrets of propeller design : (history & design of propellers)
Abstract.
Deltamarin explains : do the advantages of Azipod outweigh the high price?
Tough competition turns focus on service
ABB made a contract with the British ministry of defence
Ships and marine engines. Vol. 2, Resistance, propulsion and steering of ships : a manual for designing hull forms, propellers and rudders
Propac rudder, more than 5 % improvement in efficiency
Warbirds Worldwide : Number Two. 2.
Steerprop's first  Azimuth propulsors hit world market
Valmet : new coupling improves safety
Selected papers from the journal of The Society of Naval Architects of Japan. Vol. 6, Turbine, boiler, diesel engine, shafting and propeller
Marine auxiliary machinery
Diesel engines 1 for ship propulsion and power plants from 0 to 100,000KW
Diesel engines. Volumes 1 & 2, for ship propulsion and power plants from 0 to 100,00 kW
Marine propellers and propulsion
Steerprop CRP tests confirm exceptionally high efficiency
Aquamaster-Rauma has high hopes for the offshore market
CCL gets a boost from Azipod thrusters
Practical ship hydrodynamics
