http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p19046 pots (dishes)
pots (dishes)
FANTASTIC FLOWERPOTS / 50 CREATIVE WAYS TO DECORATE A PLAIN POT
Pots & plants : inspired year-round ideas for your outside space
Flower and plant production : in the greenhouse
1001 African violet questions : answered by 12 experts
An illustrated A-Z guide to houseplants : everything you need to know to identify, choose and care for 350 of the most popular houseplants
Early-flowering Chrysanthemums
A dwarfed tree manual for westerners
Gardening with containers
Container gardening
Great containers : making, decorating, planting
Pots in the garden : expert design and planting techniques
Catalogue of funerary objects from the tomb of the servant in the place of truth Sennedjem (TT1) : ushabtis, ushabtis in coffins, ushabti boxes, canopic coffins, canopic chests, cosmetic chests, furniture, dummy vases, pottery jars, and walking sticks, mainly from Egyptian Museum in Cairo and Metropolitan Museum of Art of New York
Hispania and the Roman Mediterranean, AD 100-700 : ceramics and trade
Gathers together and reviews the evidence for trends in production of table wares and amphora-borne goods across the Iberian Peninsula and Balearics from the second to the seventh century AD.
Plants in pots
Greek vases: images, and controversies : proceedings of the conference sponsored by the Center for the Ancient Mediterranean at Columbia University, 23-24 March 2002
Morgantina studies. Volume 6, The Hellenistic and Roman fine pottery
Chrysanthemums the year round
The complete book of bonsai
The new bedding plant expert
Cactus basics : a comprehensive guide to cultivation and care
The hanging garden : creative displays for every garden
Arts and crafts of India
Pelargoniums : a gardener's guide to the species and their cultivars and hybrids
How to arrange flowers : a japanese approach to english design
Introductory horticulture
Chronology of pattern : pattern in art from lotus flower to flower power
Gardening without a garden
Corpus vasorum antiquorum. Russia : Pushkin State Museum of Fine Arts, Moscow. 2, South Italian vases. Apulia = Rossiâ : Gosudarstvennyj muzej izobrazitel'nyh iskusstv imeni A.S. Pus̆kina
Creative window boxes
Corpus vasorum antiquorum. Russia : Pushkin State Museum of Fine Arts, Moscow. 3, South Italian vases. Lucania. Campania. Paestum. Sicily
The symposium in context : pottery from a late archaic house near the Athenian agora
Corpus vasorum antiquorum. Russia : Pushkin State Museum of Fine Arts, Moscow. 6, Attic black-figured vases = Rossiâ : Gosudarstvennyj muzej izobrazitel'nyh iskusstv imeni A.S. Pus̆kina
Painting and decorating clay pots : 150 fun step-by-step projects for making people, animals, and fantasy characters from terra-cotta pots
Corpus vasorum antiquorum. Russia : Pushkin State Museum of Fine Arts, Moscow. 7, Corinthian and Etrusco-Corinthian vases= Rossiâ : Gosudarstvennyj muzej izobrazitel'nyh iskusstv imeni A.S. Pus̆kina
Corpus vasorum antiquorum. Russia : The State Hermitage Museum, St. Petersburg. 1, Lucanian vases= Rossiâ : Gosudarstvennyj Ermitaž
Container topiary
Athenian vase construction : a potter's analysis
African crafts : fun things to make and do from West Africa
Traditional pottery of India
Grow your own vegetables in pots and containers
The book of the geranium
Sky gardens : rooftops, balconies, and terraces
Seed-propagated geraniums and regal geraniums : production guidelines and future concerns
The ultimate container gardener : all you need to know to create plantings for spring, summer, autumn, and winter
Classic garden style : planters, furniture, accessories and ornaments
Media and mixes for container-grown plants : a manual on the preparation and use of growing media for pot plants
Corinthian and Attic vases in the Detroit Institute of Arts : geometric, black-figure, and red-figure
Pots and planters in a weekend
Kayla the Pottery Fairy
The bedding plant expert
Gardening in no time : 50 step-by-step projects and inspirational ideas
The Origin of pottery and agriculture
A LM IA ceramic kiln in south-central Crete : function and pottery production
The Theseus painter : style, shapes and iconography
Corpus vasorum antiquorum. Russia : Pushkin State Museum of Fine Arts, Moscow. 1, Attic black-figured vases = Rossiâ : Gosudarstvennyj muzej izobrazitel'nyh iskusstv imeni A.S. Pus̆kina
The menial art of cooking : archaeological studies of cooking and food preparation
Bulbs in containers
Containers with style
Ritualization - hybridization - fragmentation : the mutability of Roman vessels in Germania Magna AD 1-400
North American Indian art
Folk art potters of Japan : beyond an anthropology of aesthetics
Mande potters & leatherworkers : art and heritage in West Africa
Flower production for market : (some major crops)
Flowerpots : a seasonal guide to planting, designing and displaying pots
Chrysanthemums : the year round
Really jazzy pots : glorious gift ideas
The early black-figured pottery of Attika in context (ca. 630-570 BCE)
Orchid basics
The plant recipe book : 100 living arrangements for any home in any season
Flowering potted plants : prolonging shelf performance
The ultimate container garden
The art of handbuilt ceramics
Decorating your Garden : A Bouquet of Beautiful & Useful
Pots, tubs & containers
Quick and easy container gardening : 20 step-by-step projects and inspirational ideas
Florist crop production and marketing
Athenian pottery and Cypriote preferences : an investigation of the Attic black figure and red figure pottery found in Cyprus
Corpus vasorum antiquorum. Russia : Pushkin State Museum of Fine Arts, Moscow. 5, Attic black-figured vases = Rossiâ : Gosudarstvennyj muzej izobrazitel'nyh iskusstv imeni A.S. Pus̆kina
Bencharong & chinaware in the court of Siam : the Surat Osathanugrah Collection
Greek vases in new contexts : the collecting and trading of Greek vases - an aspect of the modern reception of antiquity
All about house plants : their selection, culture and propagation, and how best use them decorative effect
Greeks on the Black Sea : ancient art from the Hermitage
Houseplants : plants to add style and glamour to your home
Man Lung garden artistic pot plants
Painting and decorating claypots : 117 step-by-step projects for painting people, animals, and fantasy characters on terra cotta pots
Container gardening : pots, tubs, baskets and window boxes
Growing classic bonsai
Corinth : results of excavations conducted by The American School of Classical Studies at Athens. Vol. 7, Part 6, Late classical pottery from ancient Corinth : drain 1971-1 in the Forum Southwest
Cacti and succulents : an illustrated guide to the plants and their cultivation
Shapes and images : studies on Attic black figure and related topics in honour of Herman A. G. Brijder
Royal Horticultural Society grow fruit & veg in pots
Bowls and boxes
Grow your own crops in pots : with 30 step-by-step projects using vegetables, fruit and herbs
Indoor gardening : in room and greenhouse
Pots for plants and gardens
Teeny tiny gardening : 35 step-by-step projects and inspirational ideas for gardening in tiny spaces
Knossos : protopalatial deposits in early Magazine A and the south-west houses
Corpus vasorum antiquorum. Russia : Pushkin State Museum of Fine Arts, Moscow. 4, Attic black-figured vases = Rossiâ : Gosudarstvennyj muzej izobrazitel'nyh iskusstv imeni A.S. Pus̆kina
Cool containers
500 pitchers : contemporary expressions of a classic form
500 bowls : contemporary explorations of a timeless design
Patios, pots & window boxes
Crow your own crops in pots : with 30 step-by-step projects using vegetables, fruit, and herbs
Pots to knit & crochet
Terracottan pots : painting and decorating
