http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p19006 local television
local television community television
Media policy for the 21st century in the United States and Western Europe
Branding TV : principles and practices
Speak softly and carry a big stick : how local TV broadcasters exert political power
The people's voice : local radio and television in Europe
Understanding the local media
Television on your doorstep : decentralization experiences in the European Union
Community media : international perspectives
Local journalism and local media : making the local news
Local television reviewed : essays on local television 1982-1993
Worlds in common? : television discourse in a changing Europe
The power of global community media
Film-induced tourism
Into the newsroom : exploring the digital production of regional television news
New media technologies are growing rapidly with massive investment around the world. Developments over the next few years will take media and telecommunications services to new fields of even greater appeal and diversity. The demand for a wider choice of television programming and advanced services is increasing rapidly along with advances in technology and policy and market changes. The main aspect of these developments is competition. Policy changes are designed to create an open and competitive market in order to significantly increase consumer choice. The evolving construction of national broadcast and telecom systems demonstrates the trajectory of media policies. It leads to the conclusion that all countries are heading in the same direction of adopting the common goal of a free market approach - according to which global policy objectives dominate the development of media systems and markets. Following the United States and the large media countries of Europe, commercialization spread across Europe and in other parts of the world. The result is that, in general, similar solutions to the development of new media have been chosen to address similar problems and opportunities posed by global policy-making and advanced technology - creating the new concept of global media policy. The book provides a comprehensive analysis of the structure that should dominate the 21st century, with a detailed explanation of the evolving nature of global issues. The main goal is to analyze the current and future technological and social trends, and data and statistics on the main forces and trends involved in global media policy support this. Although the book does not attempt to forecast the pace of this revolution, it provides the best possible means to examine media and telecommunications policies in different countries."--BOOK JACKET.
The art of making do in Naples
TV China
Citizen television : a local dimension to public service broadcasting
Managing strategic change in the changing radio and television market : a Finnish example 1985-1998
Making local news
Creating local television : local and community television under the resticted services licences
"The Art of Making Do in Naples offers a riveting ethnography of the lives of men seeking personal sovereignty in a shadow economy dominated by violent organized crime networks. Jason Pine's trenchant observations and his own improvised attempts at "making do" provide a fascinating look into the lives of people in the gray zones where organized crime blends into ordinary life"--
Community media in the information age : perspectives and prospects
