http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p19087 long-term memory
long-term memory
Constructions of remembering and metacognition : essays in honour of Bruce Whittlesea
Cellular and network mechanisms generating spontaneous population events in the immature rat hippocampus
Interactions between short-term and long-term memory in the verbal domain
Novel word learning ability in chronic post-stroke aphasia : variability and modality effects
The PhotoReading whole mind system
The organisation of mind
Neuroimaging of human memory : linking cognitive processes to neural systems
Studies of working memory in interrupted human-computer interaction
"Containing contributions from world leaders honoring Bruce Whittlesea's lifetime contribution to memory research, this volume reflects the current understanding amongst memory researchers that memory is more than passive acquisition and retrieval, but involves constructions, attributions, and inferences"
Brain imaging has been immensely valuable in showing us how the mind works. However, many of our ideas about how the mind works come from disciplines like experimental psychology, artificial intelligence and linguistics, which in their modern form date back to the computer revolution of the 1940s, and are not strongly linked to the subdisciplines of biomedicine. Cognitive science and neuroscience thus have very separate intellectual roots, and very different styles. Unfortunately, these two areas of knowledge have not been well integrated as far as higher mental processes are concerned. So how can these two be reconciled in order to develop a full understanding of the mind and brain? This is the focus of this landmark book from leaders in the field. Coming more than two decades after Shallice's classic 'From neuropsychology to mental structure', 'The Organisation of Mind' establishes a strong historical, empirical, and theoretical basis for cognitive neuroscience. The book starts by reviewing the history and intellectual roots of the field, looking at some of the researchers who guided and influenced it. The basic principles - theoretical and empirical and the inferential relation between them - are then considered with particular emphasis being placed on inferences to the organisation of the cognitive system from two empirical methodologies - neuropsychology and functional imaging. The core skeleton of the cognitive system is then analysed for the areas most critical for understanding rational thought. In the third section the components of simple cognitive acts are described, namely semantic processing, working memory, and cognitive operations. In the final section, more complex higher-level modulating processes are considered, including, supervisory processing, episodic memory, consciousness and problem-solving.
The optimal musical pause : the effects of expectancies, musical training, and personality
Long-term memory problems in children and adolescents : assessment, intervention, and effective instruction
Advertising and long-term memory : what kind of memories do advertisements activate?
