http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p19186 meat industry
meat industry
The meat we eat
Territories of profit : communications, capitalist development, and the innovative enterprises of G. F. Swift and Dell Computer
Meat consumption in the European Community : proceedings of the workshop organised by the Directorate-General for Agriculture (DG VI) of the Commission of the European Communities : Brussels, 25 January 1993.
Haccp in the meat industry
Anaerobic digestion of organic by-products from meat-processing industry : the effect of pre-treatments and co-digestion
One hundred meaty years
Cleaning and disinfection technologies in the meat industry
48th ICoMST : Rome, 25-30 August 2002.. Vol. 2, Congress proceedings
Poultry meat processing
Beastly things
Handbook of meat processing
New challenges in meat hygiene : specific problems in cleaning and disinfection
Finland's low salmonella infection rate is based on a high risk control level in the feed industry
46th ICoMST, Argentiina, 27 August - 1 September, 2000.. Vol. 2, Congress proceedings
Abstract.
Developments in meat science 1
Threshold cointegration and asymmetric price transmission in Finnish beef and pork markets
Cheap meat : flap food nations in the pacific islands
Research advances in the quality of meat and meat products
Bat-report : [best available techniques (BAT) in Nordic slaughterhouses]
Good practices for the meat industry
Role of broiler carcasses and processing plant air in contamination of modified-atmosphere-packaged broiler products with psychrotrophic lactic acid bacteria
Traceability and data processing in the beef industry
Control of swine diseases by slaughterhouse activities : epidemiological studies
Advanced hygiene for meat processing : course workbook
Meat 40-fies the quality of life : : The Hague, August 28 - September 2, 1994 : 40th International Congress of Meat Science and Technology
Explores the world's meat cultures and traditions to share insights into why a craving for animal protein evolved in humans and why vegetarian lifestyles are so difficult to maintain despite health warnings.
"Every day, millions of people around the world sit down to a meal that includes meat. This book explores several questions as it examines the use of animals as food: How did the domestication and production of livestock animals emerge and why? How did current modes of raising and slaughtering animals for human consumption develop, and what are their consequences? What can be done to mitigate and even reverse the impacts of animal production? With insight into the historical, cultural, political, legal, and economic processes that shape our use of animals as food, Fitzgerald provides a holistic picture and explicates the connections in the supply chain that are obscured in the current mode of food production. Bridging the distance in animal agriculture between production, processing, consumption, and their associated impacts, this analysis envisions ways of redressing the negative effects of the use of animals as food. It details how consumption levels and practices have changed as the relationship between production, processing, and consumption has shifted. Due to the wide-ranging questions addressed in this book, the author draws on many fields of inquiry, including sociology, (critical) animal studies, history, economics, law, political science, anthropology, criminology, environmental science, geography, philosophy, and animal science."--Publisher's website.
Key factors influencing economic relationships and communication in European food chains (FOODCOMM) : review of sausage and rye bread chains in Finland
Meathooked : the history and science of our 2.5-million-year obsession with meat
Meat-Elmeri : a workplace safety and health observation method for the meat industry
The Uruguay Round and the next WTO Round on agriculture : impacts on the EU dairy and meat sector
Automation in the pork industry
Developments in beef meat quality
Meat, nutrition, development : 48th ICoMST : 48th International Congress of Meat Science and Technology, Rome, 25-30 August 2002.. Vol. 2, Congress proceedings
Microbial control in the meat industry
Food safety of pork : a study about food safety institutions in the pork marketing system
The moral complexities of eating meat
Toxin
Lawrie's meat science
The establishment and development directions of corporate environmental management : case studies in Finnish and Italian meat processing sector
Molecular epidemiology and heat resistance of Listeria monocytogenes in meat products and meat-processing plants and listeriosis in Latvia
The European meat industry in the 1990's : advanced technologies, product quality and consumer acceptibility
New techniques in pig carcass evaluation : proceedings of the EAAP-symposium of the Commission on pig production, Helsinki, Finland, 1 July 1988
Nutritive value of meat and bone meal for growing pigs
Animals as food : (re)connecting production, processing, consumption, and impacts
Working conditions in the European meat processing industry
Eating earth : environmental ethics and dietary choice
Factors influencing pricing strategy of meat products : the case of JärvenSuomenPortti [i.e. Järvi-Suomen Portti] Company
Biogas production from meat and pulp and paper industry by-products
The livestock and meat industry of Australia
Proceedings of the Conference on Industrial Waste : held at Charles Church More Hall, April 28, 29, 1949.
Persistent and nonpersistent Listeria monocytogenes contamination in meat and poultry processing plants
The history of meat trading
Principles of meat science
Handbook of meat and meat processing
Listeria monocytogenes occurrence and characterization in meat-producing plants
Student study guide and workbook for Essentials of exercise physiology
Veterinary aspects of meat production, processing and inspection : an update of recent developments in Europe
One of the problems facing the meat industry is the rapid decolouration of products elaborated with paprika, known as red line meat products. To evaluate the redness loss in such products, three different paprika types were used to elaborate two fresh and two marinated products. CIELAB chromatic parameters were measured during the shelf life of these products, and redness loss at the end of this period was analysed. The use of paprika elaborated from selected varieties of pepper (<i>Capsicum annuum</i> L.) confers higher initial redness and better colour stability. Colour-related consumer preference for these products is also discussed.
Application of microwaves in the meat industry = Mikroaaltojen käyttö lihateollisuudessa
Happier meals : rethinking the global meat industry
Demand and supply of pork and beef in Finland
Meat and bone meal (MBM) is a by-product of the meat industry and is an important pathway for recycling of N and P. MBM contains about 8% N, 5% P, 1% K and 10% Ca. Field trials compared the effects of MBM and mineral  fertilizer on yield and quality of sugar beet (2008-2009) and carrot (2010-2011) in Finland. MBM fertilisation of sugar beet grown on clay loam and sandy clay soil gave 11.4% (2008) and 19.6% (2009) lower yields than mineral fertilizers. The lower root yield in 2008 was compensated by higher extractable sugar content and lower amino-N, K and Na in root but no such compensation in root quality was detected for 2009. Mixing MBM with mineral NPK fertilizers had similar effects as MBM-alone. MBM (80 kg N ha-1 2010 and 60 kg N ha-1 2011) together with K fertilizer (Patentkali®, 180 kg K ha-1) were applied for carrot to a fine sandy till soil in 2010 and sandy loam in 2011. MBM alone gave 14% lower total and marketable root yield than mineral fertilization. The lower yield was compensated by improved quality, lower NO3- content in the carrot and good storability. Adding extra fertilizer during growth or separating fertilization applications had no effect on root yield or quality. MBM performed in these cases mainly as an organic N fertilizer. The N supply from MBM is not sufficient for achieving same yields as with mineral fertilizers. The relative N efficiency of total N of MBM was 83% that of mineral fertilizers. MBM should be targeted on soils with low P status.  We conclude that MBM is a reasonably competitive alternative to mineral fertilizers, and as a recycled fertilizer it is a good option for organic production.
Encyclopedia of meat sciences. Vol. 2, [G-O]
Energy efficiency in the meat processing industry : opportunities for process integration
Taste, trade and technology : the development of the international meat industry since 1840
46th ICoMST, Argentiina, 27 August - 1 September, 2000.. Vol. 1, Congress proceedings
Salmonella and Campylobacter in chicken meat : meeting report
The use of pork from rustic pig breeds was tested to improve the quality of dry-cured fermented sausages. The quality of a salchichon/salami-type sausage manufactured with pork from Chato Murciano breed (CM) and Early White pig (EW) (Large White x Landrace breed) was compared. CM pork improved several quality characteristics of dry-cured fermented sausage. Significant (p . 0.05) differences between mean CM and EW values were found for total lipids, ash, collagen, water activity, total acidity, CIELab colour, proteolysis, fat acidity, fatty acid profile, total viable counts, lactic acid bacteria, Micrococacceae, moulds and yeasts, colour, odour, flavour, fattiness and acceptance. CM mainly intensified the reddening of sausage cuts and increased monounsaturated acids in fat. Acceptance was also better for CM, although odour and flavour were only slightly improved. The production of high-quality specialities of dry-cured meat products can contribute to the sustainable production of CM and similar rustic pig breeds, maintaining the genetic diversity of pig species.
Suurten suomalaisten lihateollisuusyritysten kilpailustrategiat Euroopan liiton jäsenyyden toteutuessa = Competition strategies for large Finnish meat industry companies within the European Union
Summary.
Improving the quality of dry-cured sausages using pork from rustic breeds
The economy of beef production : the third Finnish-Hungarian-Polish seminar on agricultural economics, Finland, June 11-15, 1979.
Should we eat meat? : evolution and consequences of modern carnivory
Encyclopedia of meat sciences. Vol. 1, [A-F]
The science of meat and meat products
Cleaner production assessment in meat processing
48th ICoMST : Rome, 25-30 August 2002.. Vol. 1, Congress proceedings
Zombie baseball beatdown
The regional meat producers' way to the market
Meat market : animals, ethics, & money
Women in the European meat sector : the 1st International Workshop "Women meet women in meat"
Production control of integrated meat plants
Poultry products processing : an industry guide
The jungle
Abstracts : 50th International Congress of Meat Science and Technology, August 8-13, 2004, Helsinki, Finland
CAP reform : the beef and veal sector
Production control and plant logistics : an update for the European meat industry
Manufacture of red line meat products with higher colour stability and improved visual attractiveness
Processed meats : improving safety, nutrition and quality
Meat science : an introductory text
Food science and product technology
Physiological and processing factors affecting broiler Musculus pectoralis shear values and tenderness
UN/ECE standard for porcine carcasses and cuts
Factors associated with Listeria monocytogenes contamination of cold-smoked pork products produced in Latvia and Lithuania
"Featuring twenty new chapters reflecting current interest and updating safety and quality standards and regulations, this second edition of an industry reference covers state of the art science, technology, and applications of meat products, by-products, and meat processing as well as worker safety, waste management, slaughtering, carcass evaluation, meat safety, and animal handling issues, both national and international. New topics include beef and raw meat preservation, Jewish and Muslim slaughter and preservation rules, the use of non-meat ingredients, and newly popular processing methods such as emulsion, deboning, marination, and breading"--
52nd International Congress Of Meat Science and Technology: harnessing and exploiting global opportunities
"Preface. The consumption of red meat and meat products has a long history in most cultures. Meat is a source of nutrients, as well as a sign of wealth in some countries. Various techniques have been developed in different parts of the world over the centuries to preserve meat for extended shelf life and enjoyment. Even nonedible parts of animals are used for various reasons. Thus, meat, meat products, and by-products are important to our daily life. In the past three decades, many books on the science and technology of meats and meat products have been published. Many of these books are useful reference texts and well received by professionals in the meat industries, academia, and the government. Meat Science and Applications is one such example. It was published in 2001 by the then Marcel Dekker of New York. A decade later, the current publisher, CRC Press, is releasing a second edition of the book with a new title Handbook of Meat and Meat Processing. The change in title reflects the expansion of coverage in depth and breadth from the first edition, as illustrated in the table of contents of this book. Apart from updating materials in the first edition, the new edition contains 51 chapters instead of 27. This second edition is divided into six parts. Part I covers an overview of the meat processing industries in the United States followed by chapters on muscle biology, meat composition, and chemistry. Part II covers meat attributes and characteristics such as color, flavor, and analyses. Part III describes the primary processing of meat, including antemortem and postmortem slaughter, carcass evaluation, religious status, and so on. Part IV discusses the principles and applications in the secondary processing of meat, for example, breading, curing, and fermentation"--
Forschungsanstalt der genossenschaftlichen Schlachthöfe = Research laboratory of the farmers' cooperative packinghouses : 1940-1955
Encyclopedia of meat sciences. Vol. 3, [P-Z]
Meat science and applications
Buffering capacity of meat
Meat : a natural symbol
The livestock and meat market
Effects of meat bone meal as fertilizer on yield and quality of sugar beet and carrot
"Eating Animals" is a riveting expose which presents the gut-wrenching truth about the price paid by the environment, the government, the Third World and the animals themselves in order to put meat on our tables more quickly and conveniently than ever before. Interweaving a variety of monologues and balancing humour and suspense with informed rationalism, "Eating Animals" is as much a novelistic account of an intellectual journey as it is a fresh and open look at the ethical debate around meat-eating. Unlike most other books on the subject, "Eating Animals" also explores the possibilities for those who do eat meat to do so more responsibly, making this an important book not just for vegetarians, but for anyone who is concerned about the ramifications and significance of their chosen lifestyle.
Processed meats
Sausage casing technology
Lihaluujauho kauran lannoitteena : teurastamoteollisuuden sivutuote lannoitteeksi = Meat and bone meal as fertilizer for oats : from slaughter house waste to fertilizer
