http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1917 cruises
cruises
Copenhagen prepares to accommodate the growth
Caribbean cruises
Worldwide cruise ship activity
Shippax designs 14 : presentation of most new ferry, cruise and ro-ro prototypes delivered July 1, 2013 - June 30, 2014 : theme: ro-ro and ro-pax ships from Flensburger Shipbuilders
The aim of the thesis is to understand the internationalization practices of  “X Cruises” shipping company on the Russian travel  market. The paper provides information on the following aspects of the cruise company  internationalization to a new market : market entry modes, degree of the service product standardization/adaptation in the new market, cross-cultural challenges.  The theoretical part provides  the  review of the literature that covers the key concepts of services marketing, internationalization , market entry modes for service firms, standardization, adaptation and customization of services, managing cross-cultural challenges in service delivery. The empirical part is based on the content analysis of the corporate documents of “X Cruises” and its General Sales Agent in Russia “Y-Tours”;  the participant observations onboard the “X Cruises” vessels and interviews with the participants in the service delivery process. The research results show that the “X Cruises” have selected two market entry modes and simultaneously use them to penetrate the Russian travel market. The service product offered to the new market is highly standardized with very few supplementary services adopted to the requirements of the Russian customers. Cross-cultural challenges are dealt with using two complementing strategies.  The findings show correlation with the prior knowledge described in the theoretical part. “X Cruises” have chosen a less risky strategy to penetrate the emerging Russian cruise market. The suggestions for further development of company's internationalization  practices are given. The future research objectives are suggested for the scholars of the international services marketing.
Mr. Monk gets on board : a novel
Short trip to the Vikings : travel motives of German short trip tourists within the German-Norwegian ferry traffic
Motivating factors in Finnish overseas cruise tourism : empirical study of what motivates tourists on country-to-country cruises arranged by Finnish-owned cruise lines in the Baltic Sea region
Kidnap in the Caribbean
Great river cruises : Europe & the Nile
Baltic cruising
Tallinn invests in new facilities
Lost on board : enhancing user experience on cruise ships through wayfinding improvements
Death by water
Security, it support and FM systems on the luxury ocean liner Queen Victoria
North Sea Region wants sustainable cruise tourism.
Cruise lines vie for Alaska dominance
Okinawa : a different side of Japan
Mediterranean Cruise Ports
Kvaerner Masa-Yards : delivery of the largest cruise vessel in the world
Current travel situation of young people on Viking Line ferries
Can Greece revive its cruise business?
This thesis was conducted together with Viking Line in order to analyse the current travel situation of young people on Viking Line ferries. Viking Line wished especially this thesis to find out things young people are interested in to do on their ferries and what young people in general want from Viking Line. In addition, young people were also asked possible improvement suggestion of Viking Line's services. A young person in this thesis is a student between the ages of 12 to 17 years old. This thesis was a quantitative research and the research method used was questionnaires. Semi-structured questionnaire was used for the research which consisted of both closed and open questions. 143 young people from Sääksjärvi Junior High school and Lempäälä High school were interviewed. This research revealed that young people are quite satisfied with Viking Line as it is at the moment which naturally is a positive outcome to Viking Line. The results also showed that Viking Line is known among youth and they are interested in services provided on Viking Line ferries. However, there are still service areas that need to be improved in order to satisfy young customers. On the basis of the results, these areas were entertainment and music, programmes and activities and shopping possibilities.     The main goal for Viking Line is to answer to the current demands and wishes of young customers. The possibilities of making Viking Line an even more attractive travel destination to young people are achievable. They do not require any major actions and thus, they are easy to do with a few improvement actions.
The perfect man
Cruising for a taste of Caribbean adventure
Dubai's skyline is ever changing
Canada / New England working together
Selling the Sea : an inside look at the cruise industry
Caribbean shorex operations rise to the challenge
Spaniards looks more cruises : the demand will grow 32% in two years
Cruise Britannia : the story of the British cruise ship
Water and ruins key attractions of Caribbean tours
A cruise ship primer : history & operations
Newcomers want to underline their strengths
Mexico cruising in flux
Alice-Miranda at sea
Designs 12 : presentation of all new ferry, cruise and ro-ro prototypes delivered July 1, 2011 - June 30, 2012.
Designs 10 : presentation of all new ferry, cruise and ro-ro prototypes delivered july 1, 2009 - june 30, 2010.
Cruising in style
Holistic Evaluation of Cruise Vessel Advanced Wastewater Purification Process through Mass Balance
Complete guide to cruising & cruise ships 2013
Bon voyage ! : The Telegraph book of river and sea journeys
The first-time cruise guide
Academic suggests fresh look at Baltic cruising
California faces challenges, Alaska bouncing back
Inauguration of new cruise berth at Bilbao
'Perfect storm' buffets Med
Russian river cruise
Caribbean waning among Europeans
Building blocks on the sea : simulating the realisation of the M2Cell system in contemporary context of cruise industry
Columbus travel planning workbook
Focus on culture, but many activities on offer too
Cruise management : information and decision support systems
This is your life, Harriet Chance!
Day four
Cruise ships
Introduction to hospitality
The contemporary cruise : style discovery adventure
The wheel of darkness
Cruising drives Caribbean economy
Project orient plans liner service
Dream Cruising Destinations : 24 Classic Cruises Mapped and Explored
Working on yachts & superyachts
Atlantic coast benefits from homeland cruising
Tourism marketing and management in the Caribbean
Headlines 2012 : forecasts 2013.
Norway's cruise growth surges
Vancouver again breaks the record : Seattle prepares another breakthrough year
Night train to Memphis
The frequent traveler's guide : your essential handbook to preventing unnecessary hassles and saving money
Conducting tours : a practical guide
Shippax designs 15 : presentation of most new ferry, cruise and ro-ro prototypes delivered July 1, 2014 - June 30, 2015 : theme: Fior di Levante, Loire Princesse, Quantum of the Seas, Viking Star
Headlines 2011 : forecasts 2012.
Ship-based polar tourism in the Northeast Passage : a case study
The Influence of Culinary Satisfaction on Customer Loyalty
River cruising in Europe
Start-up to benefit Indian Ocean
Is the honeymoon over?
Baltic Sea sewage port reception facilities : HELCOM Overview 2014
Cruising & cruise ships 2016
Mediterranean cruises
Atlantic Alliance establishes destination status
Cruise guide to Europe & the Mediterranean
The liner : retrospective & renaissance
Designs 11 : presentation of all new ferry, cruise and ro-ro prototypes delivered July 1, 2010 - June 30, 2011.
Death on the Nile
Testing Princess' adventures ashore program
Home fires
The grand voyage : the experience, the narrated experience and the experience economy : an analysis of ocean cruisers' travel blogs
Cruise traffic grows in Northwest Europe
Exploring the hospitality industry
Passenger ship link between Helsinki and St. Petersburg
Proteus : a cruise design tool for the future
Japan back on the cruise map
U.K. cruise market gears up for further growth
The business and management of ocean cruises
Cruising : a guide to the cruise line industry
Accessible Tourism : A Study of accessibility in Hotel Chains,Public Transport and Ferry Companies in Helsinki
Elizabeth Barber is crossing the Atlantic by liner with her perfectly adequate boyfriend, Derek, who might be planning to propose. In fleeing the UK - temporarily - Elizabeth may also be in flight from her past and the charismatic Arthur, once her partner in what she came to see as a series of crimes. Together they acted as fake mediums, perfecting the arcane skills practised by effective frauds. Elizabeth finally rejected what once seemed an intoxicating game. Arthur continued his search for the right way to do wrong. The pair still meet occasionally, for weekends of sexual oblivion, but their affection lacerates as much as it consoles. She hadn't, though, expected the other man on the boat...
Diamond in the rough
World cruises add capacity
Out of the blue
Shippax designs 16 : presentation of most new ferry, cruise and ro-ro prototypes delivered July 1, 2015 - June 30, 2016 : theme: AIDAprima
Brazil numbers slide as cruise lines regroup
Discoursing Finnish rock : articulations of identities in the Saimaa-ilmiö rock documentary
Is Princess to become an all-post-Panamax operator?
An introduction to revenue management for the hospitality industry : principles and practices for the real world
Herring on the Nile
CRUISE GUIDE TO EUROPE & THE MEDITERRANEAN
Cruising & cruise ships. 2014
Private islands for Alaska?
Complete guide to cruising & cruise ships 2010
"In the next installment of her graphic memoir series, Displacement, Knisley volunteers to watch over her ailing grandparents on a cruise. (The book's watercolors evoke the ocean that surrounds them.) In a book that is part graphic memoir, part travelogue, and part family history, Knisley not only tries to connect with her grandparents, but to reconcile their younger and older selves. She is aided in her quest by her grandfather's WWII memoir, which is excerpted. Readers will identify with Knisley's frustration, her fears, her compassion, and her attempts to come to terms with mortality, as she copes with the stress of travel complicated by her grandparents' frailty" --
Royal Caribbean international cookbook
ECA looms for Baltic and Norway
Designs 09 : presentation of all new ferry, cruise and ro-ro prototypes delivered july 1, 2008 - june 30, 2009.
The lake district of Norway : holiday tours by the Wilson Line from London
Predicting the future trends
Shipwrecked
Caribbean shore excursions offer creative inducements
Cautious optimism down under
Ocean liners
Complete guide to cruising & cruise ships 2011
Mediterranean cruising
Canada and New England convene in New York
Cruise : identity, design and culture
Safety and security on passenger ships
Mediterranean could surpass the Caribbean
Mexico in focus
Hospitality and health : issues and developments
Abstract.
Windstar looks at expansion opportunities
Living in a motion : user-centered concepting in public spaces of the cruise ship concept
Fodor's the complete guide to Alaska cruises
The corrections
Return to Port Antonio
Community partnership in port development
The blue book
Surprising synergies and unique complications
Miami aims to remain 'Cruise capital of the world"
Monarchs of the sea : the great ocean liners
Shorter steaming spurs turnarounds
A proper family adventure
Distress signals
Santa Cruise : a holiday mystery at sea
Ocean travel and cruising : a cultural analysis
Travel vision : a practical guide for the travel, tourism and hospitality industry
New Zealand attracts a growing number of ultraluxury vessels
Vision of art : how art enhances Royal Caribbean Cruise ships
The cruise experience : global and regional issues in cruising
Iceland hosts inaugural CINA symposium
Marketing your destination
Internationalization practices of "X Cruises" on the Russian market
Tourists and tourism : a reader
