http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p19104 family caregivers
family caregivers
Caregiving in Alzheimer's and other dementias
The CaringTV® concept as an agent of change in the service culture of family care givers
Intervening nutrition among community-dwelling individuals with Alzheimer's disease and their spouses
Summary: Love, suffer and write it down : a study on the care experiences of wives and husbands who have given care to their demented spouses.
Managing life with a memory disorder:the mutual processes of those with memory disorders and their family caregivers following a diagnosis
The conceptions of care among family caregivers of persons living with HIV/AIDS in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia
The Alzheimer's family : helping caregivers cope
Family caregivers of persons with Alzheimer's disease : focusing on the sense of coherence and adaptation to caregiving : an ALSOVA follow-up study
Hearts of wisdom : American women caring for kin, 1850-1940
Customer-driven CaringTV® concept for elderly family care givers living at home : final report of the Coping at Home research
Communication in palliative home care, grief and bereavement : a mother's experiences
Supporting community care of demented patients
Summary: Love, suffer and write it down.
Loving someone who has dementia : how to find hope while coping with stress and grief
Overstretched : European families up against the demands of work and care
Family caregivers of persons with Alzheimer's disease: focusing on the sense of coherence and adaptation to caregiving : an ALSOVA follow-up study
Treating dementia in context : a step-by-step guide to working with individuals and families
Quality of life and neuropsychiatric symptoms in patients with Alzheimer's disease : the ALSOVA follow-up study
For you...coping as a stroke patient carer
Combining paid work and family care : policies and experiences in international perspective
Partnerships in family care
The purpose of this study was to gather existing information about experienced stroke patient carers' perspectives on the support and educational needs required during the rehabilitation phase of stroke patients. The aim of the study was to create an educational and easy-to-read booklet for stroke patient carers, which covers coping strategies they may apply in their everyday lives. In addition, the aim was to increase nurses' understanding of the difficulties stroke patient carers face during the rehabilitation phase.    This Functional Bachelor's thesis was produced as project work. The project was conducted in close co-operation with nurses from rehabilitation ward of Hatanpään Puisto Hospital. The experiences of stroke patient carers, as detailed in research studies, form the basis of the information provided in the booklet.     The booklet provides stroke patient carers with information, education, and support. It also highlights aspects that experienced stroke patient carers found important in patient care. This booklet is produced for the rehabilitation ward in Hatanpään Puisto Hospital. Nurses in the hospital environment can assess the effectiveness of this information. Such information may ease new stroke patient carers' lives, give deeper understanding of the changes that may exist, and facilitate a quicker adaptation to their new roles.        Key words: stroke patient carers, project, an educational booklet.
Always on call : when illness turns families into caregivers
Counseling clients near the end of life : a practical guide for mental health professionals
The participation of informal caregivers and care quality in the hospital care of elderly patients aged 75 or older : a time series study in three care settings
Traditions : improving quality of life in caregiving
Informal caregiving in old age : content, coping, difficulties and satisfaction
Dementia and social work practice : research and interventions
Negotiating helpful action : a substantive theory on the relationship between formal and informal care
Managing life with a memory disorder : the mutual processes of those with memory disorders and their family caregivers following a diagnosis
Elderly's view of family participation in long term care.
Camera phone project : an opportunity for the empowerment family carers
The conception of care among family caregivers of persons living with HIV/AIDS in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia
