http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p19103 antimony
antimony
Anti-racist social work
The rise of anti-Americanism
Critical multiculturalism : rethinking multicultural and antiracist education
A white side of black Britain : interracial intimacy and racial literacy
Combination antiretroviral therapy -associated lipodystrophy : insights into pathogenesis and treatment
Utilisation of industrial by-products in water treatment:carbon-and silicate-based materials as adsorbents for metals and sulphate removal
Black issues in social work and social care
Many faces of antidiscrimination education. Antiracism, multiculturalism and the curriculum. A theoretical approach
New adsorption and oxidation-based approaches for water and wastewater treatment : studies regarding organic peracids, boiler-water treatment, and geopolymers
Nyt riittää! = Enough is enough! : Finnish comics culture <3 multiculture
Anti-inflammatory response in severe sepsis and septic shock
Abstract.
Anti-racist social work : a challenge for white practitioners and educators
Lake sediment as environmental archive : natural and anthropogenic influence on the chronology of trace elements
Multiculturalism as a challenge in contemporary Finnish picturebooks : reimagining sociocultural categories
New adsorption and oxidation-based approaches for water and wastewater treatment:studies regarding organic peracids, boiler-water treatment, and geopolymers
Are we all postracial yet?
Utilisation of industrial by-products in water treatment : carbon-and silicate-based materials as adsorbents for metals and sulphate removal
The last two decades have not only seen the rapid growth of economic globalization, but also a rise in ethnic conflict and forced migration. With this global social change has come change in the ideas and practice of racism and, as such, the old national focus of anti-racist theory and practice has now become outmoded. This new collection seeks to rethink anti-racism both in light of these social changes and also of new theoretical debates about citizenship, multiculturalism, hybridity, diaspora and social movements.
Race, racism and social work : contemporary issues and debates
On the geology and mineralogy of the occurrence of native antimony at Seinäjoki, Finland
New adsorption and oxidation-based approaches for water and wastewater treatment [Julkaisurekisteri] : studies regarding organic peracids, boiler-water treatment, and geopolymers
Rethinking anti-racisms : from theory to practice
Is there such a thing...? : a study of antiracism education in Finland
On the geology and mineralogy of the occurrence of native antimony at Seinäjoki, Finland : with 53 figures and 17 tables in text and one appendix
Critical assessment of the thermodynamic properties of antimony-lead alloys
Oxidative stress in breast and gynaecological carcinogenesis
The determination of antimony and arsenic concentrations in fly ash by hydride generation inductively coupled plasma optical emission spectrometry (HG-ICP-OES)
Clonality of Streptococcus pneumoniae in relation to antimicrobial resistance in Finland
Teaching the Holocaust : practical approaches for ages 11-18
This study focuses on representations of multiculturalism in children’s literature. Children’s books are seen as cultural products which do not only reflect but also construct our social reality. The research consists of four peer-reviewed articles and a summary part. This interdisciplinary research is theoretically positioned in both cultural studies and social sciences, with the key concepts of multiculturalism, identity, ethnicity, racism and anti-racism. More specifically, the study contributes to the discussions of multicultural children’s literature as both pedagogy and art.The methodological-theoretical framework is based on the social constructionist approach. Language is understood as socially, historically, sociopolitically and ideologically constructed; hence performativity, discourse and representation are considered as key concepts of the analysis. Intersectionality functions as both a theoretical framework which guides the understanding of multiculturalism, as well as an analytical tool for examining the data. The data consists of children’s picturebooks which are analysed by applying the method of close reading. Intersectional analysis also makes the numerous sociocultural categories, i.e. ethnicity, nationality, gender, language, dis/ability and age visible in the studied books.The results show that representations of multiculturalism are connected to the ideas of nationality, which again relates to the ideas of belonging and exclusion - often meaning Finnish/non-Finnish division. The representations of multiculturalism can reproduce and circulate discourses of differentiation, and thus legitimise exclusion and marginalisation of people. However, picturebooks can also display representations of multiculturalism that challenge the normative assumptions of ‘difference’ and ‘normal’. In the studied books, challenging the dominant sociopolitical discour ses seems to further the understanding of ‘us’ in a more inclusive way which then might prevent exclusion of people who differ from the ‘norm’. The didactic quality of children’s books is manifest in anti-racist strategies with the aim of reducing racism by making it visible. The study shows that children’s literature offers possibilities for readers to question implicit assumptions about the self and other, and thus can support readers in becoming more culturally aware and sensitive.
Antioxidant release from synthetic bioabsorbable polymer films
Drug resistance in chronic lymphocytic leukaemia
Pollutant (such as metals and sulphate) contamination exists in the wastewaters of many industries, including mining operations, metal plating facilities, and tanneries. Adsorption is one of the most commonly used processes for the removal of pollutants from waters and wastewaters due to its high efficiency and simple operation. Activated carbon is the most frequently used adsorbent material, although its high cost inhibits its widespread use in wastewater treatment. Therefore, there is a need to develop other adsorbents from alternative inexpensive raw materials such as locally available industrial and mineral waste and by-products. The aim of this thesis was to study the possibility of using industrial waste materials such as carbon residue, metakaolin, blast-furnace slag and analcime as an inexpensive sorbent for iron, copper, nickel, arsenic, antimony and sulphate removal from aqueous solutions. To enhance their adsorption capacity, different chemical treatments (i.e. activation, modification, geopolymerisation) were performed. As a result, the level of removal of iron, copper and nickel by carbon residue and zinc chloride activated carbon residue was higher than that by the commercial activated carbon. Iron chloride modified carbon residue was the most effective sorbent material for sulphate removal when compared to the other studied chemically modified/activated carbon residues. Blast-furnace slag and metakaolin geopolymers as well as their raw materials, were examined for the simultaneous removal of nickel, arsenic and antimony from the spiked mine effluent. In the case of blast-furnace slag, geopolymerisation clearly increased the efficiency of nickel, arsenic and antimony removal to a beneficial level. The barium chloride modified blast-furnace-slag geopolymer was a very efficient sorbent material for sulphate removal and it could thus be a technically feasible sulphate sorbent for wastewater treatment (e.g. in the mining industry in applications in which very low sulphate levels are desired). Barium chloride modified acid washed analcime could also be a potential sorbent for sulphate removal.
Debating cultural hybridity : multi-cultural identities and the politics of anti-racism
This thesis examines three different areas of water treatment technology: the application of organic peracids in wastewater treatment; the removal of organic residues from boiler make-up water; and the use of geopolymers as sorbents.The main advantages of peracids as alternative wastewater disinfectants are their effective antimicrobial properties and high oxidation power, as well the absence of harmful disinfection by-products after their use. Performic, peracetic and perpropionic acids were compared in laboratory-scale disinfection, oxidation and corrosion experiments. From the techno-economical point of view, performic acid proved to be the most effective disinfectant against E. coli and fecal enterococci. However, in the bisphenol-A oxidation experiments, no advantages compared to hydrogen peroxide use were observed. It was also determined that corrosion rates on stainless steel 316L were negligible, while carbon steel seemed unsuitable in terms of corrosion for use with peracids even in low concentrations.Organic compounds in the boiler plant water-steam cycle thermally decompose and form potentially corrosive species. Activated carbon filtration was confirmed to be a suitable method for the removal of organic residue from deionized boiler make-up water. No significant differences in terms of treatment efficiency between commercial activated carbons were observed. However, acid washing as a pre-treatment reduced the leaching of impurities from new carbon beds. Nevertheless, a mixed-bed ion exchanger was required to remove leached impurities, such as silica and sodium.Geopolymers, or amorphous analogues of zeolites, can be used as sorbents in the treatment of wastewater. Metakaolin and blast-furnace-slag geopolymers showed positive potential in the treatment of landfill leachate (NH4+ ) and mine effluent (Ni, As, Sb).^
This thesis examines three different areas of water treatment technology: the application of organic peracids in wastewater treatment; the removal of organic residues from boiler make-up water; and the use of geopolymers as sorbents.The main advantages of peracids as alternative wastewater disinfectants are their effective antimicrobial properties and high oxidation power, as well the absence of harmful disinfection by-products after their use. Performic, peracetic and perpropionic acids were compared in laboratory-scale disinfection, oxidation and corrosion experiments. From the techno-economical point of view, performic acid proved to be the most effective disinfectant against E. coli and fecal enterococci. However, in the bisphenol-A oxidation experiments, no advantages compared to hydrogen peroxide use were observed. It was also determined that corrosion rates on stainless steel 316L were negligible, while carbon steel seemed unsuitable in terms of corrosion for use with peracids even in low concentrations.Organic compounds in the boiler plant water-steam cycle thermally decompose and form potentially corrosive species. Activated carbon filtration was confirmed to be a suitable method for the removal of organic residue from deionized boiler make-up water. No significant differences in terms of treatment efficiency between commercial activated carbons were observed. However, acid washing as a pre-treatment reduced the leaching of impurities from new carbon beds. Nevertheless, a mixed-bed ion exchanger was required to remove leached impurities, such as silica and sodium.Geopolymers, or amorphous analogues of zeolites, can be used as sorbents in the treatment of wastewater. Metakaolin and blast-furnace-slag geopolymers showed positive potential in the treatment of landfill leachate (NH4+ ) and mine effluent (Ni, As, Sb).
Racism and society
Antiracism, culture and social justice in education
Foundations of bilingual education and bilingualism
Jews and Intermarriage in Nazi Austria
