http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p19143 motorways
motorways
Kitchin's road transport law 1981 : a summary of the legislation affecting the construction, equipment and use of motor vehicles
Route 66 adventure handbook
[Summary]: Highway no. 3 : from a 'Turku-and-Vyborg' Finland to a 'Helsinki-and-Tampere' Finland.
Moottoriajoneuvot 2004 = Motor vehicles in Finland
Traffic emissions in Russia and the Baltic States : St.Petersburg, Leningrad Oblast, Republic of Karelia, Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania
The Silk Road : China and the Karakorum Highway : a travel companion
The effects of motorways on the national economy
Changchun-Harbin expressway project in the Project in the People's Republic of China
Safety study on level crossing accidents : a shortened version
The road and the car in American life
Infrastructural urbanism : addressing the In-between
Transformers Prime : a rising darkness
After being killed by a man who is trying to use her soul to gain immortality, Rose Marshall, still sixteen, has been on the run for sixty years, trying to outrace the man and regain her freedom.
MotoGP 09/10 : Xbox 360.
SBK X superbike world championship : Xbox 360, Xbox live
Traffic safety of vulnerable road users in urban areas.
Route 66 adventure handbook : turbocharged
The illustrated science encyclopedia : transport : a journey of discovery that explores how humans have developed ways of travelling on the sea, on land and in the air
Crash violence within the road transport system : summary report
Creating green roadways : integrating cultural, natural, and visual resources into transportation
Driving through a road environment : effects on visual perception, state of activation and subjective appraisal
Transport and the environment
Traffic & highway engineering
Highway construction and maintenance
Driving spaces : a cultural-historical geography of England's M1 Motorway
Influence of transport infrastructure on nature
Moottoriajoneuvot = Motor vehicles in Finland. 2001.
Handbook of vehicle-road interaction : vehicle dynamics, suspension design, and road damage
Commercial road vehicles
Soutern transport development project in the Democratic Socialist Republic of Sri Lanka
Principles of highway engineering and traffic analysis
SBK X superbike world championship : PC DVD-ROM
The Multiannual Roadmap for the EGVI contractual Public Private Partnership (2014-2020) is the document of reference for the establishment of the European Green Vehicles Initiative. The text is based on the outcome of a consultation process launched in 2012, involving the stakeholders from ERTRAC, EPoSS and SmartGrids, and takes into account the relevant roadmaps prepared by these three European Technology Platforms. The document presents the elements of context calling for the creation of the EGVI PPP, in continuity of the Green Cars Initiative, and explains the long-term vision developed by the industrial sectors involved. The Roadmap also defines the scope of the Initiative, which aims at accelerating research, development and demonstration of technologies allowing the efficient use of clean energies in road transport, and outlines the research and innovation strategy implemented with a view to increasing the energy efficiency of vehicles and alternative powertrains. It describes the governance model of the contractual public private partnership and includes - in annex - the full list of members involved in the European Green Vehicles Initiative Association.
Moottoriajoneuvot = Motor vehicles in Finland. 2003.
Differences in taxation on heavy goods vehicles in Europe
Transformers prime : the Orion Pax saga
Driving Europe : building Europe on roads in the twentieth century
Why does policy change? : lessons from British transport policy 1945-99
Two-cylinder odyssey : a study of motorcycle travel literature
Competence mapping - the sales unit in ABB LV Motor Market, China
SBK X superbike world championship : PlayStation 3
Vulnerable road users in the Asian and Pacific Region
Abstract: Crash violence within the traffic system : risks and their reduction on regional and connecting roads.
Detection and traffic : kirjallisuusreferaatti
Earth First! and the Anti-Roads Movement : radical environmentalism and comparative social movements
Technical assistance to the Kingdom of Cambodia and the Socialist Republic of Viet Nam for the greater Mekong subregion-infrastructure improvement : Ho Chi Minh City to Phnom Penh highway project
Moottoriajoneuvot 2005 = Motorfordon = Motor vehicles in Finland
Moottoriajoneuvot = Motor vehicles in Finland. 2002.
COST 331 : requirements for horizontal road marking : final report of the action
Sparrow Hill Road
Akira. [1], The beginning
Biofuels for road transport : a seed to wheel perspective
Potential for greenhouse gas emission reductions by using biomethane as a road transportation fuel
Calculating emissions of a transport network
Relief works, the World Bank and private business : building highways in Finland
Frank Einstein and the antimatter motor
The rise and rise of road transport, 1700-1990
Go with the flow : architecture, infrastructure and the everyday experience of mobility
European Green Vehicles Initiative : multiannual roadmap for the contractual PPP under horizon 2020
New road types : summary on test roads in Finland
