http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p19163 study motivation
study motivation
Social and Emotional Aspects of Learning
Inspiring reading success : interest and motivation in an age of high-stakes testing
Development and motivation : joint perspectives
The impact of achievement goal orientation profile and gender on the self-assessed school values regarding different subjects
Academically adrift : limited learning on college campuses
Motivation and learning strategies for college success : a focus on self-regulated learning
MED NORD - a tool for measuring medical students' well-being and study orientations
Improved instruction
Self-processes, learning, and enabling human potential : dynamic new approaches
Is school a better environment than home for digital game-based learning? : the case of Graphogame
Creativity in the classroom : schools of curious delight
Technologies to support learning, well-being, and communication
Intrinsic and extrinsic motivation : the search for optimal motivation and performance
What older people learn : the whys and wherefores of older people learning
This volume focuses on the role of motivational processes - such as goals, attributions, self-efficacy, outcome expectations, self-concept, self-esteem, social comparisons, emotions, values, and self-evaluations - in self-regulated learning. It provides theoretical and empirical evidence demonstrating the role of motivation in self-regulated learning, and discusses detailed applications of the principles of motivation and self-regulation in educational contexts. Each chapter includes a description of the motivational variables, the theoretical rationale for their importance, research evidence to support their role in self-regulation, suggestions for ways to incorporate motivational variables into learning contexts to foster self-regulatory skill development, and achievement outcomes.
Control in the classroom : an adventure in learning and achievement
Motivating students to learn
"Hearing English in the class inspires me to learn the language" : Students' and teachers' perception on target language use in Finnish EFL classrooms
Comprehensive classroom management : creating communities of support and solving problems
Why adults learn : towards a theory of participation in adult education
Abstract.
Developing achievement motivation in adolescents : education for human growth
When I grow up : culturally sensitive graphic design explorations
Motivation and attitudes towards English language learning in business and tourism degree programs in Finnish higher education : a comparison
Learning through children's eyes : social constructivism and the desire to learn
"Written specifically for teachers, this book offers a wealth of research-based principles for motivating students to learn. Its focus on motivational principles rather than motivation theorists or theories leads naturally into discussion of specific classroom strategies. Throughout the book these principles and strategies are tied to the realities of contemporary schools (e.g., curriculum goals) and classrooms (e.g., student differences, classroom dynamics). The author employs an eclectic approach to motivation that shows how to effectively integrate the use of extrinsic and intrinsic strategies. Guidelines are provided for adapting motivational principles to group and individual differences and for doing "repair work" with students who have become discouraged or disaffected learners."--BOOK JACKET.
Degree-oriented professional adult education in the work environment : a case study of the main determinants in the management of a long-term technology education process
The student engagement handbook : practice in higher education
En osannut tilata pihviä englanniksi, siksi tulin kurssille : the motivational orientations of adult learners of English based on self-determination theory
In this book you'll learn how to : tap into your passion as a teacher - even when you're less than excited about the subject ; develop creative presentations that capture your students' interest ; establish rapport and a sense of camaraderie in your classroom ; transform your class into a life-changing experience for your students. --from back cover.
Teaching and researching motivation
Motivation and attitudes in second language learning : a case study
Promotive activities in technology-enhanced learning : the impact of media selection on peer review, active listening and motivational aspects
Handbook of research on student engagement
The nature of learning : using research to inspire practice
Abstract: Study orientations in mathematics by class teacher education students.
Encouraging learning : how you can help children learn
Motivation theory for teachers
Adolescents' perceptions of school and reasons for learning
Improving university teaching : sixth international conference 9-11 july 1980, Lausanne, Switzerland : proceedings
Building on Zoltán Dörnyei's authoritative work in the field of learner motivation, this book introduces a new conceptualization―Directed Motivational Currents (DMCs)―and sets out the defining aspects of what they are, what they are not, and how they are related to language learning motivation. Going beyond focused behavior in a single activity, DMCs concern intensive long-term motivation. The distinctive feature of the theory is that it views motivation not simply as a springboard for action but also as a uniquely self-renewing and sustainable process. It is this energizing capacity which distinguishes DMCs from almost every other motivational construct described in the research literature. Motivational Currents in Language Learning offers new insights, valuable both to motivation researchers and classroom practitioners. The accessible style, along with plentiful illustrations and practical suggestions for promoting sustained learning, invite readers to think about motivation in a different way. The book explains how the DMC construct can be integrated into course structures and teaching methodologies, and encourages teachers to try out novel methods for harnessing motivational power in classroom settings.
The effect of three teaching methods on achievement and motivational outcomes in a how-to-study course
Development of a sensation-seeking scale for preadolescent children
Attitudes, motivation and achievement
Teach like a pirate : increase student engagement, boost your creativity, and transform your life as an educator
The role of context
The cross-cultural view on students' motivation to learn
There has been increasing concern over middle-school students' standardized test scores and decreased engagement in learning activities. This is particularly true of "at-risk" students who often exhibit characteristics of learned helplessness. One factor may be that middle school students frequently do not understand what skills and knowledge they possess (academic self-efficacy) or how they learn (self-regulated learning strategy use). This study examined the effects of participation in a guided reflective writing program and gender on middle school students' academic self-efficacy beliefs and use of self-regulated learning strategies. Quantitative data were collected from an academic self-efficacy inventory administered as a pre- and posttest. Qualitative data were collected to examine students' awareness and use of self-regulated learning strategies. The data sources included the treatment group responses to writing prompts and interviews from selected students from both groups. Self-efficacy and self-regulated learning were examined for gender differences. This work is of interest to educators, counselors, administrators, psychologists,educational researchers, and parents.
"In this inspiring, humorous, and practical book he shows what you can do to help children of all ages develop into confident, thoughtful and independent learners. Based around the acronym ASK, this book explores attitudes, skills and knowledge to learning - what is required and how to develop these skills more effectively. It shows how to encourage independent thinking and a spirit of inquiry in your children. Highlights include: - The dangers of calling our children clever, bright and gifted; - The best ways to teach wisdom; - How to help children excel in exams; - Why curiosity did not kill the cat. With a foreword written by John Hattie, Encouraging Learning draws on research from some of the most respected experts on thinking and learning to identify the best ways to help children learn more effectively, efficiently and co-operatively. For everyone living or working with children - particularly teachers, parents, carers and youth workers - this book shows you some of the best ways to enhance children's learning, including how to question, praise, and encourage more effectively"--
Motivation to learn : from theory to practice
CAS : collaborative artwork system
The role of interest in learning and development
Where do upper secondary school students come from? : case: Oulu region
Modeling of professional growth and learning : Bayesian approach
Research on motivation in education. Vol. 1, Student motivation
Encouragement works best : positive approaches to classroom management
Serious fun : practical strategies to motivate and engage students
Applying psychology in the classroom
Student motivation in and out of the school context : the relationship between achievement goal orientation profiles and personal goals
Motivational strategies in the foreign language classroom : how English teachers generate, maintain and enhance junior high school students' motivation
Were they pushed or did they jump? : individual decision mechanisms in education
Summary in estonian.
Lifelong learning : citizens' views in close-up : findings from a dedicated Eurobarometer survey
Motivation and adolescent development
Interest in university studies : its role and relation to other motivational variables
Helping college students succeed : a model for effective intervention
Academic motivation and the culture of school in childhood and adolescence
Decide Better! for College
Learning and motivation in the classroom
Achievement, motivation and school performance
Engaging with learning in higher education
How to manage behaviour in further education
Motivation for learning : a guide for the teacher of the young adult
Teacher and student perceptions : implications for learning
Building motivation in the classroom : a structured approach to improving student achievement
The meaning of university studies - some notions from the three-year follow-up study
The attraction of the teacher's work : a comparative view on the decision to become a teacher
Motivation and self-regulated learning : theory, research, and applications
Activity environment, social class and educational career: development of mastery among 11-17 year old
Executive summary (s. 13-18).
The development and role of task motivation and task values during different phases of the school career
Motivation for achievement : possibilities for teaching and learning
Stressful, important and rewarding : How higher education students experience learning in different environments
Study skills simplified
Motivational design for learning and performance : the ARCS model approach
Motivation in education
Teachers as classroom coaches : how to motivate students across the content areas
Motivation in action : the 11th International Conference on Motivation, August 21-23, 2008, Turku, Finland : program, abstracts
Pedagogy - teaching for learning
English language learning motivation in Joensuu and Petrozavodsk : a comparative study
Motivating students
Study motivation, work orientation and 'personality structure' of future librarians : a research among approximately 500 first-year library school students from 8 European countries
Relationship-driven classroom management : strategies that promote student motivation
More practice, less theory : meaningfulness of the pedagogical studies : subject teacher students' conceptions
PISA 2009 results. Vol. 3, Learning to learn : student engagement, strategies and practices
Study orientations of medical students attending the summer school psychiatry program
Careerism and intellectualism among college students
"I love English!" : Finnish primary school immersion pupils' willingness to communicate and motivation to learn English
Relations between teacher-child interactions and children's learning and motivation in Finnish kindergartens
Inspiring active learning : a complete handbook for today's teachers
Motivating students to learn : overcoming barriers to high achievement
Essential motivation in the classroom
Demotivation in second language acquisition : insights from Japan
Motivating students, improving schools : the legacy of Carol Midgley
Overcoming student failure : changing motives and incentives for learning
When this book was first published, schools were under intense government pressure to improve, teacher morale was being constantly hammered by the Chief Inspector of Schools, the Daily Mail was proclaiming that exams were getting easier, standards were dropping and everyone was bemoaning the state of classroom behaviour. So, how much has really changed in a decade? Ian Gilbert highlights his famous 'seven keys' of motivation, offering a range of strategies, ideas and insights to help learners become motivated from within.
Underachievers in secondary school : education of the mark
This study investigated how the use of an online reading game differs in home and school environments. First and second graders (N = 194) participated in an 8-week training during which they used the reading program GraphoGame either at home or at school under the supervision of parents or teachers. Child participants were recommended by parents and teachers recruited from the list of GraphoGame users, and adults decided whether the training took place at home or at school. We measured the frequency and duration of playing, children's engagement, development of reading skill and reading interest, and adult supportive involvement. The results revealed that children who played GraphoGame at school showed higher engagement and used it more frequently than players at home. Although teachers were more involved in the children's playing than were parents, only parental involvement was significantly associated with a child's engagement during training and the child's learning outcomes.
Optimizing student success in school with the other three Rs : reasoning, resilience, and responsibility
Motivating every learner
The interaction of motivation and learning environment : the role of goal orientations in student's course evaluations
The roles of background knowledge and topic interest in ELF reading comprehension
Summary.
Learner autonomy. 5, The role of motivation
Courageous teaching : creating a caring community in the classroom
Motivating middle school learners : reflective writing, self-efficacy, and self-regulated learning
Motivation to learn : transforming classroom culture to support student achievement
Dropout as a Phenomenon among 15-18-Year-Old Cross Country Skiers at  Vuokatti Sports Academy
Dropout as a Phenomenon among 15-18 -Year-Old Cross Country Skiers at Vuokatti Sports Academy
Motivation in education : theory, research, and applications
Enhancing student's motivation towards school science with an inquiry-based site visit teaching sequence : a design-based research approach
Motivating students in information literacy classes
Eight myths of student disengagement : creating classrooms of deep learning
On the dynamics of undergraduate performance and dropout
Accelerated learning in practice : brain-based methods for accelerating motivation and achievement
Assessing motivation and the use of learning strategies by secondary school students in three international schools
Choice theory in the classroom
Handbook of motivation at school
Have you ever wondered how learning happens? Control in the Classroom introduces the main ideas of a profound explanation of human behavior and then applies these ideas to the issue of curriculum delivery. This illuminating explanation, known as Perceptual Control Theory, shows that control is the fundamental phenomenon at the core of the business of living. Control is critical in the classroom - both for teachers and for students. From this perspective, teaching can be considered to be a process of helping students develop greater control capabilities. The first part of the book introduces the theory in an easy-to-read, light-hearted style. Through an abundance of examples the principles of the theory are applied both to classroom activity and life in general. You might even discover that understanding this theory helps you in other areas of your life, not only in teaching. The second part of the book addresses specific aspects of curriculum delivery such as lesson plans and goal setting. Forms are provided to help you develop expertise in this approach. Examples of completed forms are included as well.
The motivated school
Enhancing adult motivation to learn
Increasing student motivation : strategies for middle and high school teachers
Student perceptions of teacher support as a motivational influence in the EFL classroom : a mixed methods study
Achievement goals and cognitive learning strategies in dynamic contexts of learning
Motivational currents in language learning : frameworks for focused interventions
Motivation and learning strategies for college success : a self-management approach
Coaching for learning : a practical guide for encouraging learning
Harness the power of motivation to transform the learning experience! When properly channeled, motivation propels learning forward. Yet teachers across all grade levels and disciplines struggle to recognize and cultivate this dynamic, social force in the classroom. This essential resource proves that all students are motivated to learn, and provides authentic tools to create and sustain a classroom community that is highly engaged. You'll discover: Reflection activities that promote student voice and self-efficacy as well as assess existing motivation levels, Case studies and best practices based on current motivation theory and research, Strategies to design meaningful learning tasks and build positive relationships with students and colleagues. -- Provided by publisher.
Effects of a learning strategy on children's self-efficacy : an experimental study of far-transfer and transfer to another task with language disabled and regular children
Appraisals of education-related goals during educational transitions in late adolescence : consequences for academic well-being and goal attainment
Affective factors in foreign language learning and teaching : a study of the "filter". Report 1, Theoretical concepts and framework, operationalization of the concepts, and the first pilot stage of research
Finnish EFL students' attitudes towards varieties of English : an elicitation study
Encouraging development in college students
With contributions by leading European, North American and Asian scholars, this volume offers a comprehensive anthology of conceptual and empirical papers describing the developments in L2 motivation research that involves the reframing of motivation in the context of contemporary notions of self and identity.
The will to learn : a guide for motivating young people
The power of interest for motivation and engagement
Making the grade : a self-worth perspective on motivation and school reform
University students' general study orientations : theoretical background, measurements, and practical implications
English language learning motivation in Joensuu and Petrozavodsk
Democratic discipline in learning communities : theory and practice
Learner autonomy : a guide to developing learner responsibility
An emotional framework in foreign language pedagogy : facing the Postmethod challenge
Motivation in the classroom
A new way of learning English vocabulary : podcasts and iPods?
Control theory in the classrooom
Demotivation to learn English among university students in Finland
Motivation, language identity and the L2 self
English summary.
"Olisi se ollut helpompaa nuorempana" : a study on motivation and causal explanations among Finnish adult learners of English
Entering the podcasting jungle : podcasting, project pedagogy and Language & Intercultural Learning and Teaching (LILT)
Motivation from within : approaches for encouraging faculty and students to excel
Totally positive teaching : a five-stage approach to energizing students and teachers
Resiliency in schools : making it happen for students and educators
Student attitudes in foreign language teaching
Using cognitive methods in the classroom
The enquiring classroom : an approach to understanding children's learning
Swedish Summary.
Helping kids hope : a teacher explores the need for meaning in our schools and in our lives
APA educational psychology handbook. Volume 2, Individual differences and cultural and contextual factors
The role of classroom interactional quality and teaching practices in the development of children's academic skills and motivation - findings from the first steps study
