http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p19173 game dishes
game dishes
Chicken & game hen menus
Game dishes of Finland, Karelia and Petsamo
Chicken : a cook's collection of 500 fabulous chicken, turkey and game dishes
The venison cook : 106 imaginative recipes
300 slow-cook classic recipes : a collection of delicious minimum-effort meals, including soups, stews, roasts, hotpots, casseroles, curries and tagines, shown in 300 photographs
Kartanoiden riistaherkut = Wild game delicacies of Finnish manors
Game cookery
Meat smoking and smokehouse design
Meat, poultry and game : fift supplement to the fift edition of McCance and Widdowson's The Composition of Foods
The Nordic diet
The poultry and game book
"An award-winning journalist and blogger's guide to foraging, fishing, hunting--and making the most of the fruits of a day spent gathering food in the field. If there is a frontier beyond organic, local, and seasonal, beyond farmers' markets and sustainably raised meat, it surely includes hunting, fishing, and foraging your own food. A lifelong angler and forager who became a hunter late in life, Hank Shaw has chronicled his passion for hunting and gathering in his widely read blog, Hunter Angler Gardener Cook, which has developed an avid following among outdoor people and foodies alike. Hank is dedicated to finding a place on the table for the myriad overlooked and underutilized wild foods that are there for the taking--if you know how to get them. In Hunt, Gather, Cook, he shares his experiences both in the field and the kitchen, as well as his extensive knowledge of North America's edible flora and fauna. With the fresh, clever prose that brings so many readers to his blog, Hank provides a user-friendly, food-oriented introduction to tracking down everything from sassafras to striped bass to snowshoe hares. He then provides innovative ways to prepare wild foods that go far beyond typical campfire cuisine: homemade root beer, cured wild boar loin, boneless tempura shad, Sardinian hare stew--even pasta made with handmade acorn flour. For anyone ready to take a more active role in determining what they feed themselves and their families, Hunt, Gather, Cook offers an entertaining and delicious introduction to harvesting the bounty of wild foods to be found in every part of the country"--
The bounty of the earth cookbook
Lappish cooking from fire and fell
"For the first time ever, the legendary chef collects and updates the best recipes from his six-decade career. With a searchable DVD demonstrating every technique a cook will ever need. In his more than sixty years as a chef, Jacques Pepin has earned a reputation as a champion of simplicity. His recipes are classics. They find the shortest, surest route to flavor, avoiding complicated techniques. Now, in a book that celebrates his life in food, the world's most famous cooking teacher winnows his favorite recipes from the thousands he has created, streamlining them even further. They include Onion Soup Lyonnaise-Style, which Jacques enjoyed as a young chef while bar-crawling in Paris; Linguine with Clam Sauce and Vegetables, a frequent dinner chez Jacques; Grilled Chicken with Tarragon Butter, which he makes indoors in winter and outdoors in summer; Five-Peppercorn Steak, his spin on a bistro classic; Meme's Apple Tart, which his mother made every day in her Lyon restaurant; and Warm Chocolate Fondue Souffle, part cake, part pudding, part souffle, and pure bliss. Essential Pepin spans the many styles of Jacques's cooking: homey country French, haute cuisine, fast food Jacques-style, and fresh contemporary American dishes. Many of the recipes are globally inspired, from Mexico, across Europe, or the Far East. In the accompanying searchable DVD, Jacques shines as a teacher, as he demonstrates all the techniques a cook needs to know. This truly is the essential Pepin. "--
The Cambridge world history of food. Vol. 1
Hunt, gather, cook : finding the forgotten feast
Finland - Natureś table
Marguerite Patten's book of fish, meat, poultry and game : main course dishes, basic and traditional, old and new, for festive days and every day
Charlie Trotter's meat & game
Essential Pepin : more than 700 all-time favorites from my life in food
The Conran cookbook
English food
Matkalla huipulle = En route to perfection
