http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1918 shipping
shipping ship traffic
Stable year for ferry traffic
The ferry boom at the Gulf of Finland
The port of the Singapore is expanding
In this research, the best measures will be looked into for improving energy efficiency such as optimization of ships' speed, optimal routes planned according to weather conditions, maintenance of hull & machine and etc. All these measures and precautions are considered with the depending of different types of ship, cargo and other effects. Ships' statistical data and detailed information about ship energy efficiency will be gathered from both shipping companies and partner universities. Various statistical methods, operations research and optimization techniques will be employed for the improving energy efficiency of ships. In conclusion, a DSS will be developed for real-time energy monitoring and making optimal decisions during ship operations intended to be used by the captain of the ship and onboard personnel and ship management operators onshore. Thus, the shipping industry will obtain medium to large long-term gains in terms of monetary and environmental benefits as well as strengthening the awareness of the situation for onboard personnel.
IAMSAR Manual : International aeronautical and maritime search and rescue manual. Vol. 3. Organization and management
Environmental aspects in regular Finland-Åland-Sweden passanger/car ferry traffic
An impact of international environment at the Polish shipping development
Environmental protection and shipping : prescriptive coastal state jurisdiction in the 1990's
Laiva saapui Helsinkiin : Helsingin matkustajalaivaliikenteen kehitys 1830-luvulta nykypäivään : Helsingfors passangerarfartygstrafiks utveckling från 1830-talet till nutid = A ship sailed to Helsinki : the development of the passeger ship traffic in Helsinki from 1830's to the present day = Ett skepp anlöpte Helsingfors
Designs 11 : presentation of all new ferry, cruise and ro-ro prototypes delivered July 1, 2010 - June 30, 2011.
Designs 09 : presentation of all new ferry, cruise and ro-ro prototypes delivered july 1, 2008 - june 30, 2009.
International SafetyNET manual
IAMSAR manual : International aeronautical and maritime search and rescue manual. Vol. 3, Mobile facilities
Tools to access VTS and to increase the efficiency of VTS : TAIE
IAMSAR Manual : International aeronautical and maritime search and rescue manual : volume 2 : mission co-ordination
Designs 12 : presentation of all new ferry, cruise and ro-ro prototypes delivered July 1, 2011 - June 30, 2012.
Maritime logistics : a complete guide to effective shipping and port management
Map of route from England to Finland
The business of transatlantic migration between Europe and the United States, 1900-1914
The private ship letter stamps of the world. Part 4, The letter- and parcel-stamps of the Finnish shipping companies
Diffusive and ship-mediated spread of dinoflagellates in the Baltic Sea with Prorocentrum minimum as a special case
Green ships : unbeatable but costly
Dutch deltas : emergence, functions and structure of the Low Countries' maritime transport system, ca. 1300-1850
Smaller ports must blow their own horn
Abc of ocean liners
Ports of Stockholm : increase of ferry-goods
The role of Polish ports
Shippax designs 16 : presentation of most new ferry, cruise and ro-ro prototypes delivered July 1, 2015 - June 30, 2016 : theme: AIDAprima
Abstract: Brand Image : Reviewing image of Tallink Silja Line (Research focused on target group: the Swedish customers)
Improving energy efficiency of ships through optimisation of ship operations : IAMU 2014 Research Project : (No. 20140301)
Maritime security - current problems in the Baltic Sea : conference in cooperation with the International Tribunal for the Law of the Sea, May 9th-11th, 2007
The right ship for the right route
IAMSAR Manual : International aeronautical and maritime search and rescue manual. Vol. 1. Organization and management
Designs 10 : presentation of all new ferry, cruise and ro-ro prototypes delivered july 1, 2009 - june 30, 2010.
Maritime infrasturcture : transporatation opportunities and considerations
A culinary cruise through the Archipelago
Inland waterway transport in ECMT countries to the year 2000 : a new dimension
Åland seeks to become a Nordic tax haven
Bridging divides : maritime canals as invasion corridors
Geographic knowledge discovery from sparse GPS-data : revealing spatio-temporal patterns of Amazonian river transports
Traders of imperialism : the structure of international shipping
Northern exposure
Green ships - eco shipping - clean seas : the 12th Annual General Assembly, International Association of Maritime University, Gdynia, Poland, 12-14 June 2011
IAMSAR Manual : International aeronautical and maritime search and rescue manual. Vol. 3. Mobile facilities
Finland-Estonia : unchanged volumes on Gulf of Finland
Passengers and their luggage : Athens Convention relating to the Carriage of Passengers and their Luggage by Sea, 1974 [and protocol of 2002]
The fleet of the Finska Ångfartygs Aktiebolaget (Finland Steamship Co. Ltd), Helsingfors
World ports
Ocean liners : the golden years
MS Serena F, rantaanajo Hiittisten pohjoispuolella 6.3.2008 = MS Serena F, stranding north of Hiittinen on 6.3.2008
Advanced technologies to optimize manpower on board ships : ATOMOS
Med ports
Joint Nordic transport projects
Laiva saapui Helsinkiin : Helsingin matkustajalaivaliikenteen kehitys 1830-luvulta nykypäivään = Ett skepp anlöpte Helsingfors : passagerartrafikens utveckling i Helsingfors hamn från 1830-talet till nutid = A ship sailed to Helsinki : the development
The liner : retrospective & renaissance
Inland waterways transport systems
Conference on VOC emission control in terminals and in shiploading/unloading : October 17-19, 1995
Green ships - eco shipping - clean seas : International Association of Maritime University Students, IAMUS Workshop 2011
IAMSAR manual : International aeronautical and maritime search and rescue manual. Vol 2, Mission co-ordination
Designs 05 : ferry, cruise & ro-ro newbuilding yearbook
North Sea Passage pilot
Consolidation follows growth
Brilliant boats
Safety and security on passenger ships
Ships and shipping : regulating energy efficiency and CO2 emissions
Short trip to the Vikings : travel motives of German short trip tourists within the German-Norwegian ferry traffic
The significance of duty-free sales on board ferries to the transnational transport system in the Baltic Sea Region
Titanic unclassified : secrets of the Titanic revealed
Building blocks on the sea : simulating the realisation of the M2Cell system in contemporary context of cruise industry
VASME : value added services for maritime environment
Sources of London English : medieval Thames vocabulary
The social and economic consequences of abolishing "duty free" within the European Union : arguments for a full report
New structures and concepts needed : ferry trafic on the Northern Baltic
Designs 08 : presentation of all new ferry, cruise and ro-ro prototypes delivered july 1, 2007 - june 30, 2008.
The conway history of seafaring in the twentieth century
All about ships & shipping : a handbook of popular nautical information; with numerous diagrams, plans and illustrations
Fish story
Flagging standards : globalization and environmental, safety, and labor regulations at sea
Brand image : the Swedish customers' image of Tallink Silja Line
The environmental status of the Port of HaminaKotka
Slight increase in the passanger trafic 2002.
Marine propellers and propulsion
The opening of the Mississippi : a struggle for supremacy in the American interior
Overcoming barriers to mentoring. Shore support for onboard mentoring. Developing a culture of mentoring. Anyone can be a mentor at sea and anyone can need mentoring - and it only takes 10 minutes to get started. This book explains how knowledge gained through experience, and then reflected upon, can be passed on in an informal but purposeful way. Every suggestion will take no more than 10 minutes to carry out but incorporating opportunities for mentoring into the daily onboard routine will widen and consolidate the on-the-job experience of those progressing through the ranks. It will also improve communications and enhance team-building and hopefully lead to a reduction in accidents and incidents. This practical guide sets the 10 minute challenge for potential mentors and candidates to identify concerns and practical solutions. Examples progress from the simple thought of the Master spending a few minutes with each of his watchkeeping officers daily to second or third officers bringing the vessel to anchor, or picking up a pilot, under the Master's supervision.
IAMSAR Manual : International aeronautical and maritime search and rescue manual : volume 1 : organization and management
Cruise management : information and decision support systems
Responsibility for thousands of tons
The aim and objectives of the thesis is to give an understanding and explanation of the customers' role within branding. Brands can be perceived from both the customers' point of view as well as the companies' point of view. However, the approach that brands exist first and foremost in the minds of consumers was applied throughout this thesis. The images customers have of brands should be thoroughly analyzed since consumers' thoughts, feelings and image towards a brand are providing managers with strategically and tactically guidelines to help them make brand decisions. Therefore, to successfully and efficiently manage their brand companies have to encompass a comprehensive understanding of their customers. This thesis studied the Swedish customers' image of the Tallink Silja Line brand. As a result, this thesis was done qualitatively, applying a case-study research approach. Structured interviews were conducted in order to obtain the Swedish customers' image of the brand. A total amount of 50 respondents participated in the study, all of them of Swedish nationality. Keller's brand image model was applied during the actual data collection and analysis process; the strength, favourability and uniqueness of the Swedish customers' associations were brought forth. By using Keller's brand image theory as a frame of reference a descriptive brand image framework of Tallink Silja Line was constructed. According to the findings the Swedish customers' image of Tallink Silja Line is relatively consistent and positive. The associations that were brought into view can be considered as strong and reliable as all of the 50 respondents were familiar with Tallink Silja Line and could relate to their own experiences with the brand.
Travelling with children in Finland with different means of transport
Sulphur content in ships bunker fuel in 2015 : a study on the impacts of the new IMO regulations and transportation costs
Passenger ship link between Helsinki and St. Petersburg
To California by sea : a maritime history of the California gold rush
Accessible Tourism : A Study of accessibility in Hotel Chains,Public Transport and Ferry Companies in Helsinki
The Japanese shipping and shipbuilding industries : a history of their modern growth
Designs 06 : ferry, cruise & ro-ro newbuilding yearbook
A comparative note on the Sound toll registers, Stockholm customs accounts, and Dundee shipping lists, 1589, 1613-1622
Cruising & cruise ships. 2014
Laiva saapui Helsinkiin : Helsingin matkustajalaivaliikenteen kehitys 1830-luvulta nykypäivään = Ett skepp anlöpte Helsingfors : passagerartrafikens utveckling i Helsingfors hamn från 1830-talet till nutid = A ship sailed to Helsinki : the development of passenger ship traffic in Helsinki from the 1830s to the present day
The world is our Oyster : 1847-1997 : 150 years of Hapag-Lloyd
European rail timetable. Summer 2010
Car and passenger ferry services in Northern Europe, autumn 2001.
Concolidation of the Mediterranean market
Suoja-alueet Suomen rannikolla = Skyddsområden vid finska kusten = Restricted areas on the Finnish coast. [Merivoimat]
Festival moves towards newbuildings
IAMSAR Manual : International aeronautical and maritime search and rescue manual. Vol 1. Mission Co-ordination
In Dutch Deltas, Werner Scheltjens examines the emergence, functions and structure of the Low Countries' maritime transport system between ca. 1300 and 1850. Scheltjens introduces the delta as a suitable geographical unit of analysis for understanding the regional economic origins of communities of maritime transporters. The author proves that changes in maritime trade networks and in the structure of regional economies entailed a process of specialisation, which led to the emergence of 'professional' maritime transport communities and the development of an integrated maritime transport market with Amsterdam and Rotterdam as its main centres. Dutch Deltas offers the first comprehensive study of the economic geography of the Low Countries' maritime transport sector and its long-term development between 1300 and 1850.
Governing global networks : international regimes for transportation and communications
International encyclopedia of comparative law : under the auspices of the International Association of Legal Science. Volume 12, Law of transport : Chapter 5 : Inland navigation
The rules governing Carriage of sea : an incipient breakdown in uniformity
Pommern, Mariehamn : from ocean carrier to museum ship
Ships, sulphur and climate : is it a good time to reduce the sulphur emissions from shipping?
Full board or choose on board?
Ferry traffic 2009.
Baltic Sea sewage port reception facilities : HELCOM Overview 2014
Designs 07 : ferry, cruise & ro-ro newbuilding yearbook
FTP Code : International code for application of fire test procedures : (Resolution MSC.61(67), including fire test procedures referred to in and relevant to the FTP Code
The business and management of ocean cruises
Tax free on the Baltic
Exhaust emissions from merchant shipping in the southwest archipelago
CEVNI : European code for inland waterways : revision 2
Analysis and development of the freight forwarding business
Ship originated air emissions, solid waste and wastewaters : a feasibility study of the New Hansa Project
Nielsens shipping guide : a guide to all working in shipping
Commercial exchange across the Mediterranean : Byzantium, the Crusader Levant, Egypt, and Italy
Foreign coastal and short sea freighters
Mentoring at Sea : the 10 minute challenge
Finnish review
Emissions of NOx from baltic shipping and first estimates of their effects on air quality and eutrophication of the Baltic Sea
Travel industry economics : a guide for financial analysis
IAMSAR manual  : International aeronautical and maritime search and rescue manual. Vol. 1, Organization and management
A time bomb for global trade : maritime-related terrorism in an age of weapons of mass destruction
Cruise ships
Fodor's European cruise ports of call
DISC : demonstration of ISC-DISC
New York City passenger manifests of SS Titanic survivors rescued by the SS Carpathia
Managing technological resources and port operations in container shipping
Brand image of Tallink Silja Line rewiewd by swedish customers
Scandinavian ferry traffic faces new conditions and new challenges
Human factors in the man/ship systems for the European fleets : MASIS
Scenario-based traffic forecasts for routes between the Penta ports in 2020
Wharf Investment signed 10-year contract with Star : Ocean Terminal in Hong Kong receives a facelift
The Finns on the Titanic
The environmental risk caused by water-borne transportation in Lake Ladoga and River Neva
Shippax designs 14 : presentation of most new ferry, cruise and ro-ro prototypes delivered July 1, 2013 - June 30, 2014 : theme: ro-ro and ro-pax ships from Flensburger Shipbuilders
Abc of coastal cargo ships
Shippax designs 15 : presentation of most new ferry, cruise and ro-ro prototypes delivered July 1, 2014 - June 30, 2015 : theme: Fior di Levante, Loire Princesse, Quantum of the Seas, Viking Star
The Wilhelmsen record atlas
IAMSAR manual : International aeronautical and maritime search and rescue manual. Vol. 1, Organization and management
Scenario-based traffic forecasts for routes between the PENTA ports in 2020
A new shipping line has taken its place in the Baltic
Sulphur regulations for shipping - why a regional approach : scientific and economic arguments in IMO documents 1988-1997
Disasters at sea
Deep sea and foreign going : inside shipping, the invisible industry that brings you 90% of everything / Rose George
Casualty investigation code : code of the international standards and recommended practices for a safety investigation into a marine casualty or marine incident
Megaships mean mega growth for ports in Northern Europe
Seven centuries of sea travel : from the crusaders to the cruises
Problems of development of shipping in Baltic region
Not just a ferry operator's problem
Maritime governance and policy-making
North Sea passenger lines
Ship emissions and technical emission reduction potential in the Northern Baltic Sea
