http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p19127 palliative treatment
palliative treatment
Communication issues in the palliative care of patients with end-stage dementia : a participatory action research study
Nursing the dying patient : caring in different contexts
Terminal care at home
Palliative care for children and families : an interdisciplinary approach
Caring for the dying at home : companions on the journey
Patients' stories have long been used in palliative care to make sense of experiences of illness & care. This book examines the uses & interpretations of narratives & stories, bringing theory & practice closer together, & looking at how these methods can be worked with in ways that are rigorous, productive, ethical, & caring.
Bandolier's little book of pain
Palliative Care in North Karelia : The best humane care for patients
Palliative care and end of life care
Cicely Saunders : the founder of the modern hospice movement
There is increased awareness of the need for palliative care for chronic diseases. However, there remains a huge unmet need for palliative care for chronic life-limiting health problems in most parts of the world. The purpose of this Atlas is to shine a light on the need for palliative care globally and to provide useful information for those wishing to increase access. This document addresses the following questions: What is palliative care? Why is palliative care a human rights issue? What are the main diseases requiring palliative care? What is the need for palliative care? What are the barriers to palliative care? Where is palliative care currently available? What are the models of palliative care worldwide? What resources are devoted to palliative care? What is the way forward?
Spirituality, suffering, and illness : ideas for healing
International journal of palliative nursing
Hospice and palliative care : concepts and practice
Now of never : nurses communicating about death and dying with a patient
Religious understandings of a good death in hospice palliative care
Community palliative care : the role of the clinical nurse specialist
Death, dying and social differences
Occupational therapy in oncology and palliative care
Common foundation studies in nursing
Ecotherapy : theory, research and practice
Palliative nursing : across the spectrum of care
Pain management of a cancer patient in palliative care : a systematic review
Narrative and stories in health care : illness, dying and bereavement
Palliative care nursing at a glance
Caring for the dying patient and the family
Palliative and supportive care of advanced cancer
End of life care : a practical guide
Communication in palliative nursing
The soul midwives' handbook : The holistic & spiritual care of the dying
"Hospital-Based Palliative Medicine: A Practical, Evidence-Based Approach focuses on improving a Hospitalist's ability to provide quality palliative care in the inpatient hospital setting. Although several large textbooks exist for the palliative care provider, there are few detailed resources aimed specifically at the general Hospitalist and hospital-based staff. Existing textbooks dedicate at most only one chapter to palliative care and they lack the detail and specificity in symptom management and communication skills to truly guide care. Hospital-Based Palliative Medicine addresses each of the major components involved in the delivery of inpatient palliative care. These include the management of complex symptoms and the use of specific communication techniques - right down to the actual words to say to the patient - to convey important information such as the reason for and use of medication and how to handle difficult topics with patients and their families and caregivers. The book's authors are all leaders in the field of palliative care, and most of them also practice as hospitalists, and thus understand both perspectives. Chapters are presented in a consistent format with particular attention to both clinical pearls and pitfalls, making the material practical and easily accessible to the busy hospitalist and associated hospital staff"--Provided by publisher.
Cancer pain management
Deconstructing death : changing cultures of death, dying, bereavement and care in the Nordic countries
An introduction to gerontology
ABC of palliative care
Positive approaches to palliative care : a workbook to support the palliative care optional units of the certificates in working with people who have learning disabilities
Foundations of adult nursing
A good death : on the value of death and dying
Patient-centred ethics and communication at the end of life
Palliative care through relatives' eyes
Communication in palliative home care, grief and bereavement : a mother's experiences
Death's dominion : ethics at the end of life
Healing the dying
Palliative aspects of emergency care
"Foundations of Adult Nursing introduces the principles, themes and issues that define what it means to be a nurse today. It explains the theory and knowledge required to develop person-centred nursing skills and explores the diverse settings and patient groups that you will encounter on your placements. Key features of the book are: A companion website with multiple choice questions for revision, and interactive glossary to test you on key terms and free SAGE journal articles to help you develop your evidence base; Stop and Think boxes which challenge you to reflect on your own practice; Discussion on the latest literature, policy and research relevant for your assignments; Case Scenarios that illustrate the realities of everyday nursing."--Back cover.
Palliative Care, Social Work and Service Users : Making Life Possible
The living end : the future of death, aging, and immortality
Palliative care for older people in care homes
Physiotherapy practice in residential aged care
Palliative care perspectives
BSAVA manual of canine and feline rehabilitation, supportive and palliative care : case studies in patient management
The palliative care team : competences necessary for its success and factors that influence the team funcionality
Children's palliative care in Africa
Facing death belongs strongly to field of nursing. Terminally ill patients require holistic care which can be referred as palliative care. One important part of this kind of care is communicating about imminence of death and dying. This communicational relationship has not been greatly studied previously. In this thesis, nurses' means, manners, abilities, and willingness to discuss about death and dying were explored. Study approach was qualitative. Theme interviews were conducted with, all together, six nurses of palliative care unit of Tampere University Hospital. Qualitative content analysis was exerted.  Discussing about sensitive subjects such as death and dying was viewed challenging. It was discovered that the nurses of palliative care were willing to talk about death and dying with the terminally ill, but lack of time greatly influenced this issue among other factors. Nurses possessed different means by which these conversations could be supported such as physical touch. Personal coping of the nurses developed its own field of study. This subject could be researched further, for example, how the issue of lacking time could be improved. As it was also discovered, nurses had not gained adequate information about the subject in their basic training. It could be useful to study Finnish nursing education concerning care of the dying.  Key words: death and dying, palliative care, communication.
Passing on : The social organization of dying
Facing impending death : experiences of patients and their nurses
Palliative care nursing : quality care to the end of life
Human dignity : a study in medical ethics
Palliative care : the nursing role
Hospice and palliative care handbook : quality, compliance and reimbursement
"With the world's population getting increasingly older, there has never been a more pressing need for the study of old age and ageing. An Introduction to Gerontology provides a wide-ranging introduction to this important topic. By assuming no prior expert knowledge and avoiding jargon, this book will guide students through all the main subjects in gerontology, covering both traditional areas, such as biological and social ageing, as well as more contemporary areas, such as technology, the arts, sexuality and education of older adults. An Introduction to Gerontology is written by a team of international authors with multidisciplinary backgrounds who draw evidence from a variety of different perspectives and traditions".
Guilt and shame in end-of-life care : the next-of-kin ́s perspective
Advancing nursing practice in cancer and palliative care
New themes in palliative care
Palliative nursing : improving end-of-life care
Existential issues in palliative care
Textbook of medical oncology
Medicine and care of the dying : a modern history
Hospice : the living idea
Textbook of palliative medicine
Caring for the dying : critical issues at the edge of life
"Alleviation, rehabilitation and participation are the cornerstones not only of palliative care but also physiotherapy. Hence it is hardly surprising that physiotherapists are indisputable sources of strength to patients with life-limiting illnesses. This book is the first of its kind to paint a comprehensive picture of the concepts and vision of palliative physiotherapy from both an authoritative and empathetic perspective. From paediatrics to geriatrics, from the early stages of a disease to the terminal phase, international experts provide a structured guide to the wide-ranging possibilities that physiotherapy has to offer as part of end of life care. Comprehensive advice as well as practical tips can be found in case studies and personal accounts. Insight is provided to clinical and non-clinical aspects as well as appropriate contextual information, for example: common symptoms such as pain, breathlessness, oedema, fatigue, weakness, anxiety or dementia; medication, symptoms of cord compression and palliative care emergencies; special features of paediatric palliative care; communication with patients and their families; ethics, intercultural proficiency and spirituality; opportunities for therapist self-care. This is a book for all those (not only in hospices and palliative care units) faced with caring for critically ill and terminally ill patients - essential reading for a professional, considered approach." -- (takakansi)
Hospital-based palliative medicine : a practical, evidence-based approach
Global Atlas of Palliative Care at the End of Life
The way we die now
"The most thorough text available on providing patients and families with quality end-of-life care. End of Life Care: A Practical Guide offers solution-oriented coverage of the real-world issues and challenges that arise daily for clinicians caring for those with life-limiting illnesses and conditions. End of Life Care: A Practical Guide includes specific clinical guidance for pain management and other common end of life symptoms. The second edition has been made even more essential with the addition of chapter-ending Q&A for self assessment and board review, new coverage of multicultural medicine, an increased number of algorithms to assist decision making on complicated clinical, legal, and ethical issues. Six sections walk you through the complexities of caring for patients who are nearing the end of life."--Provided by publisher.
Palliative nursing : bringing comfort and hope
Music at the end of life : easing the pain and preparing the passage
Advance care planning : communicating about matters of life and death
Key concepts in palliative care
Death and dying : a reader
Introducing palliative care
Palliative care for older people : better practices
Potential and possibility : rehabilitation at end of life - physiotherapy in palliative care
Supportive and palliative care in cancer : an introduction
An Introduction to Gerontology provides a wide-ranging introduction to this important topic. By assuming no prior expert knowledge and avoiding jargon, this book will guide students through all the main subjects in gerontology, covering both traditional areas, such as biological and social ageing, as well as more contemporary areas, such as technology, the arts, sexuality and education of older adults. An Introduction to Gerontology is written by a team of international authors with multidisciplinary backgrounds who draw evidence from a variety of different perspectives and traditions.
Health care ethics : lessons from intensive care
Asking to die : inside the Dutch debate about euthanasia
Deciphering unwritten rules : patients, relatives and nurses in palliative cancer care
Palliative medicine : a case-based manual
Death, dying and bereavement : a Hong Kong Chinese experience
Placement learning in cancer and palliative care nursing : a guide for students in practice
Palliative care nursing : principles and evidence for practice
Populations around the world are ageing, and more people are living with the effects of serious chronic illness towards the end of life. Meeting their needs presents a public health challenge. This publication aims to provide examples of better palliative care practices for older people to help those involved in planning and supporting care-oriented services most appropriately and effectively. Examples have been identified from literature searches and from an international call for examples through various organizations, including the European Association of Palliative Care and the European Union Geriatric Medicine Society. Some examples consider how to improve aspects within the whole health system; specific smaller examples consider how to improve palliative care education, support in the community, in hospitals or for specific groups of people, such as people in nursing homes and people with dementia and their families. Some examples await rigorous evaluation of effectiveness, and more research is needed in this field, especially the cost–effectiveness and generalizability of these initiatives. This publication takes both an individual person and a health systems approach, focusing on examples from or relevant to the WHO European Region. The publication is intended for policy-makers, decision-makers, planners and multidisciplinary professionals concerned with the care and quality of life of older people.
Case studies in palleative and end-of-life care
Social work in end-of-life and palliative care
Decision-making in end-of-life care : influence of physician's training, experience and personal characteristics
Supportive care of children with cancer : current therapy and guidelines from the children's oncology group
Nursing care at the end of life
Palliative care : core skills and clinical competencies
Integrated cancer care : Holistic, complementary and creative approaches
Euthanasia in Europe : national laws, medical guidelines, ethical aspects
Compassionate person-centered care for the dying : an evidence-based palliative care guide for nurses
The ethics of palliative care : European perspectives
The Palliative Care Team : Competences Necessary for its Success and Factors that Influence the Team Functionality
Oxford textbook of palliative medicine
Therapeutic aspects of engagement in occupations : in the context of day care for older people and patients in palliative care
Palliative care : a patient-centered approach /edited by Geoffrey Mitchell
