http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p19109 teleology
teleology
God and design : the teleological argument and modern science
Nature's destiny : how the laws of biology reveal purpose in the universe
Nature, design, and science : the status of design in natural science
Kant's Idea for a universal history with a cosmopolitan aim : a critical guide
The design of life : discovering signs of intelligence in biological systems
Routledge philosophy guidebook to Kant on judgement
Explanation and teleology in Aristotle's science of nature
Teleological realism : mind, agency, and explanation
Teleological explanations : an etiological analysis of goals and functions
Kant's system of nature and freedom : selected essays
Teleosemantics : new philosophical essays
Adam Smith: optimist or pessimist? : a new problem concerning the teleological basis of commercial society
Discreteness, continuity & consciousness : an epistemological unified field theory
Nature's purposes : analyses of function and design in biology
Science vs religion? : intelligent design and the problem of evolution
Darwinism, design, and public education
The design revolution : answering the toughest questions about intelligent design
The history of design arguments stretches back to before Aquinas, who claimed that things which lack intelligence nevertheless act for an end to achieve the best result. Although science has advanced to discredit this claim, it remains true that many biological systems display remarkable adaptations of means to ends. Versions of design arguments have persisted over the centuries and have culminated in theories that propose an intelligent designer of the universe. This volume is the only comprehensive survey of 2,000 years of debate, drawing on both historical and modern literature to identify, clarify and assess critically the many forms of design argument for the existence of God. It provides a neutral, informative account of the topic from antiquity to Darwin, and includes concise primers on probability and cosmology. It will be of great value to upper-level undergraduates and graduates in philosophy of religion, theology, and philosophy of science.
Human nature : the categorial framework
Kant's Critique of the power of judgment : critical essays
Darwinian fairytales : selfish genes, errors of heredity, and other fables of evolution
"One hundred fifty years ago, Charles Darwin revolutionized biology, but did he refute intelligent design (ID)? In Signature in the Cell, Stephen Meyer argues that he did not. Signature in the Cell is the first book to make a comprehensive case for intelligent design based upon DNA. Meyer embarks on an odyssey of discovery as he investigates current evolutionary theories and the evidence that ultimately led him to affirm intelligent design."--BOOK JACKET.
The teleological ethics of Fakhr al-Dīn al-Rāzī
The psychology of meaning
Aristotle on teleology
Science & its limits : the natural sciences in Christian perspective
Teleology and the norms of nature
An introduction to design arguments
Kant yearbook. 1, Teleology
Critique of judgement
The anthropic cosmological principle
Agents under fire : materialism and the rationality of science
The timespace of human activity : on performance, society, and history as indeterminate teleological events
Happy lives and the highest good : an essay on Aristotle's Nicomachean ethics
Seeking God in science : an atheist defends intelligent design
Debating design : from Darwin to DNA
"In Aristotle's teleological view of the world, natural things come to be and are present for the sake of some function or end (for example, wings are present in birds for the sake of flying). Whereas much of recent scholarship has focused on uncovering the (meta-)physical underpinnings of Aristotle's teleology and its contrasts with his notions of chance and necessity, this book examines Aristotle's use of the theory of natural teleology in producing explanations of natural phenomena. Close analyses of Aristotle's natural treatises and his Posterior Analytics show what methods are used for the discovery of functions or ends that figure in teleological explanations, how these explanations are structured, and how well they work in making sense of phenomena. The book will be valuable for all who are interested in Aristotle's natural science, his philosophy of science, and his biology"--Provided by publisher.
Things that happen because they should : a teleological approach to action
The critique of judgement
The sublime and its teleology : Kant, German idealism, phenomenology
The Oxford handbook of philosophy of biology
Grounds for cognition : how goal-guided behavior shapes the mind
Experience and teleology in ancient historiography : futures past from Herodotus to Augustine
Philosophy of religion : the basics
Critique of judgment
Intelligent design : a theological and philosophical analysis
Doubts about Darwin : a history of intelligent design
Charles Darwin knew that there was a significant event in the history of life that his theory did not explain. In what is known today as the "Cambrian explosion," 530 million years ago many animals suddenly appeared in the fossil record without apparent ancestors in earlier layers of rock. In Darwin's Doubt Stephen C. Meyer tells the story of the mystery surrounding this explosion of animal life -- a mystery that has intensified, not only because the expected ancestors of these animals have not been found, but also because scientists have learned more about what it takes to construct an animal. Expanding on the compelling case he presented in his last book, Signature in the Cell, Meyer argues that the theory of intelligent design -- which holds that certain features of the universe and of living things are best explained by an intelligent cause, not an undirected process such as natural selection -- is ultimately the best explanation for the origin of the Cambrian animals. - Back cover.
Mind, machine, and morality : toward a philosophy of human-technology symbiosis
Uncommon dissent : intellectuals who find Darwinism unconvincing
Moral virtue and nature
Darwin strikes back : defending the science of intelligent design
An introduction to Kant's aesthetics : core concepts and problems
Aristotle and beyond : essays on metaphysics and ethics
Signature in the cell : DNA and the evidence for intelligent design
Darwin's doubt : the explosive origin of animal life and the case for intelligent design
God as reason : essays in philosophical theology
The greatest show on Earth : the evidence for evolution
Overcoming modernity : synchronicity and image-thinking
The Creation of the world, or, globalization
On Hegel : the sway of the negative
Critique of the power of judgement
"Why do organisms reproduce? Why do birds have wings? Why do neither snakes nor stars have feet? And why do most of the hoofed life-bearing animals have horns (but not all of them)? For Aristotle, questions such as these go to the heart of natural philosophy, which is the study of the coming to be and presence of beings that have their own internal principle of change and rest. Throughout his lifetime, Aristotle was deeply committed to investigating and explaining natural phenomena, which is reflected all through the surviving treatises on natural philosophy. Among these, Aristotle's Physica is most fundamental. In this treatise, Aristotle lays out the general theoretical framework for his natural philosophy, defining notions such as nature, motion, causation, place, and time. In the other treatises, Aristotle explores more specific problems related to the study of natural beings, such as coming to be and passing away (in De Generatione et Corruptione), the nature and motion of the elements (in De Generatione et Corruptione and the second part of the De Caelo), the motions and features of the heavenly bodies (in the first part of the De Caelo), atmospheric causes and changes (in the Meteorologica), the notion of soul and its dependence on natural bodies (in De Anima), and finally, the causes of the coming to be and presence of living beings and of their parts and motions (in the biological works)"--Provided by publisher.
Reasons and purposes : human rationality and the teleological explanation of action
The logic of life : Heidegger's retrieval of Aristotle's concept of logos
From cause to causation : a Peircean perspective
Cosmopolitanisms in Enlightenment Europe and beyond
Analytical Thomism : traditions in dialogue
Transcendental idealism and the organism : essays on Kant
The teleology of reason : a study of the structure of Kant's critical philosophy
Action
The edge of evolution : the search for the limits of Darwinism
Kant on beauty and biology : an interpretation of the Critique of judgment
Introducing philosophy of religion
