http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p19164 joints (technology)
joints (technology)
New exploratory technologies : Turun ammattikorkeakoulu, Salo, Turku polytechnic, Salo, 25-26 October, 2004
Connections between steel and other materials : interfaces
Joints in steel construction. Simple connections
Home range, habitat preference and natal dispersal of the Siberian flying squirrel (Pteromys volans)
Behaviour of rectangular hollow section K-joints at low temperatures
Handbook of electromechanical product design
Effect of strength mismatch on fracture behavior of ferrite-austenite interface in Ni-base alloy dissimilar metal welds
Maintenance of genetic diversity in four taiga specialists
Joining of plastics : handbook for designers and engineers
Carpentry and joinery : work activities
High bit-rate optical interconnects on printed wiring board : micro-optics and hybrid integration
When even money can't buy - ice sports conditions in Oulu
Joints in steel construction : moment-resisting joints to Eurocode 3.
Stress determination for fatigue analysis of welded components
Applications and capabilities of sensors in robotic gas metal arc welding (GMAW)
This book presents a systematic approach in performing reliability assessment of solder joints using Finite Element (FE) simulation. Essential requirements for FE modelling of an electronic package or a single reflowed solder joint subjected to reliability test conditions are elaborated. These cover assumptions considered for a simplified physical model, FE model geometry development, constitutive models for solder joints and aspects of FE model validation. Fundamentals of the mechanics of solder material are adequately reviewed in relation to FE formulations. Concept of damage is introduced along with deliberation of cohesive zone model and continuum damage model for simulation of solder/IMC interface and bulk solder joint failure, respectively. Applications of the deliberated methodology to selected problems in assessing reliability of solder joints are demonstrated. These industry-defined research-based problems include solder reflow cooling, temperature cycling and mechanical fatigue of a BGA package, JEDEC board-level drop test and mechanisms of solder joint fatigue. Emphasis is placed on accurate quantitative assessment of solder joint reliability through basic understanding of the mechanics of materials as interpreted from results of FE simulations. The FE simulation methodology is readily applicable to numerous other problems in mechanics of materials and structures.
Corrosion fatigue of welded titanium in sea water
Router joinery
Wood joints : step-by-step techniques
Hitsaus  = Welding : betoniterästen hitsausmenetelmäkokeet = welding of reinforcing steel. Osa 1 = Part 1, Voimaliitokset = Load-bearing welded joints
Folding chair
Ecological knowledge towards sustainable forest management : habitat requirements of the Siberian flying squirrel in Finland
Hitsaus. Hitsausliitosten monikielinen kuvallinen sanasto = Welding. Multilingual terms for welded joints with illustrations
IIW recommendations for the HFMI treatment : for improving the fatigue strength of welded joints
Wound healing and skin in severe sepsis
Ultimate capacity of stainless steel rectangular hollow section X-joints at low temperatures
Sheet steel joining handbook : joining of high strength steels
Eurocode 3 : teräsrakenteiden suunnittelu = Eurocode 3 : Design of steel structures. Osa 1-8 = Part 1-8, Liitosten suunnittelu = Design of joints
Control of stresses and cracking due to restraint of imposed deformations in ground-bearing slabs : case Citec Oy Ab
Connections in steel structures. 3, Behaviour, strength and design : proceedings of the third international workshop, held at Hotel Villa Madruzzo, Trento, Italy, 29-31 May 1995
Failure mechanisms of advanced welding processes
Tests on fillet weld joints with high strength steel specimens
Classic Joints with Power Tools
Joinery : shaping and milling : techniques and strategies for making furniture parts from fine woodworking
The machine design problem solver
Woodworking technology
The world of surface mount technology : a manual : technology manual
Structural steel semirigid connections : theory, design, and software
Dissimilar metal weld joints and their performance in nuclear power plant and oil refinery conditions
The practical woodworker : a complete guide to the art and practice of woodworking. Volume 2, Indoor & outdoor woodwork
Co-Co : design for modularity
Hot cracking and environment-assisted cracking susceptibility of dissimilar metal welds
Structural detailing in steel
Imperfect moments : hints for cooperation
Encyclopedia of wood joints
Reliability and prognostic monitoring methods of electronics interconnections in advanced SMD applications
The complete Japanese joinery
Strength tests on bolted connections using high-strength steels (HSS steels) as a base material
Provides an overview of HFMI techniques existing today in the market and their proper procedures, quality assurance measures and documentation. Presents procedures for the fatigue life assessment based on nominal stress, structural hot spot stress and effective notch stress. Offers proposals on the effect of loading conditions like high mean stress fatigue cycles, variable amplitude loading and large amplitude/low cycle fatigue cycles.
Fracture and fatigue of welded joints and structures
The art of Japanese joinery
A novel method for hazard rate estimates of the second level interconnections in infrastructure electronics
Design of weldments
Lenin : a biography
Stitches and seams
The complete illustrated guide to woodworking : tools, techniques, projects, picture framing joinery, home maintenance, furniture repair
Design capacity of kidney shaped slotted connections
Good wood joints
Masonry construction manual
Study on the Conductivity of Coated Steel Plate
Adhesion science and engineering. 2, Surfaces, chemistry, and applications / edited by M. Chaudhury, A.V. Pocius
A woodworker's guide to joint : over 35 joints for woodworking
Experimental study of acute pancreatitis in a porcine model, especially tight junction structure and portal vein cytokines
Integral mechanical attachment : a resurgence of the oldest method of joining
Comparison of sintering methods and conductive adhesives for interconnections in inkjet-printed flexible electronics
New exploratory technologies 2006 : University of Turku, Salo 5-6 October, 2006
Cumulative damage of welded joints
Welding of AHSS/UHSS steel : a guide for the automotive industry
Suitability of Standard Finnish Precast Concrete Connections for Residential Building in Russia
A timber framer's workshop : joinery, design & construction of traditional timber frames
Standard handbook of machine design
Handbook of composite fabrication
Proceedings : 2000 CPES Power Electronics Seminar, September 17-19, 2000, Virginia Tech, Blacksburg, Virginia
Part I of this report provides a summary of the proceedings of the Third Meeting of the WECAFC Ad Hoc Flyingfish Working Group of the Eastern Caribbean. Part II gives a management summary and full report of the flyingfish stock assessment undertaken at the meeting, as prepared by the FAO fisheries consultant with contributions, review and approval by the Ad Hoc Flyingfish Working Group. Part III presents national reports detailing the analyses and preparation of national data sets for use in the regional flyingfish stock assessment. Part IV provides the Draft Subregional Fisheries Management Plan for Flyingfish in the Eastern Caribbean amended as agreed at the meeting. The key results of the stock assessment conducted at the meeting are that the regional flyingfish stock is not currently overfished and that overfishing has not occurred in the history of the flyingfish fishery. It was agreed by the working group that there is no immediate action required by management to conserve the stock, unless there is a significant increase in regional flyingfish catches. It was further agreed that a catch trigger point of 5 000 tonnes should be established when action would be taken to ensure the stock does not become overfished. Among the agreed actions that should be taken if catches rise to or above the trigger point, is a freeze on further fishery development until a full scientific reassessment of the stock has been completed. The most significant uncertainty in the current assessment stems from the poor data available on catches and effort. It was agreed that improved data collection and monitoring is essential to ensure sustainable use of this and other fishery resources into the future, and that achieving this improvement should be a priority focus for all members with a flyingfish fishery. It was further agreed that the working group should maintain the electronic database that was assembled at the meeting, ensuring that it always represents the most up-to-date best estimate of flyingfish catch and effort in the subregion to support future reassessments. The Draft Subregional Fisheries Management Plan for Flyingfish in the Eastern Caribbean, prepared intersessionally after the second meeting, was fully reviewed at this meeting and amendments suggested in order to finalize the first draft of the fisheries management plan for presentation to the eastern Caribbean governments. The amended draft is provided here.
Structural connections : stability and strength
Ships' fastenings : from sewn boat to steamship
Adhesives : durability of structural adhesive joints : exposure to humidity and temperature under load : international standard = Adhesifs : durabilite des joints adhesifs structuraux : exposition a l'humidite et a la temperature sous contrainte
The encyclopedia of jointmaking
Fatigue design of welded joints and components : recommendations of IIW Joint Working Group XIII-XV
European recommendations for the design of simple joints in steel structures : [Eurocode 3, Part 1-8]
The practical woodworker : a complete guide to the art and practice of woodworking. Volume 3, Making fine furniture
Shear fatigue of adhesively bonded frictional interfaces in high-strength steel
The practical woodworker : a complete guide to the art and practice of woodworking. Volume 4, Decorative woodwork
Solder joint reliability assessment : finite element simulation methodology
Rosette-joints and rosette steel trusses : research report and design recommendations
The complete book of wood joinery
Fatigue assessment of welded joints by local approaches
Joints in steel construction. Composite connections
Finite element study on fatigue strength of gusset plate using local approaches
Fine woodworking on Joinery : 36 articles selected by the editors of Fine woodworking magazine
Touching cloudbase : the complete guide to paragliding
Electrical and thermal applications of carbon nanotube films
Mechanical engineering design
Improvement of weld HAZ toughness at low heat input by controlling the distribution of M-A constituents
This thesis concerns the design of a corner joint for furniture. Various joints, as well as the methods used in the design are described in the theoretical part. One of the design goals was to clarify what possibilities 3D printing and design have when manufacturing a corner joint. The main purpose was to design a corner joint for furniture. The research questions included: is 3D printing suitable for manufacturing a corner joint piece? How suitable is a corner joint piece when creating different kinds of furniture? Is it possible to assemble different furniture by using a designed corner joint piece? The design process and how the design process proceeded is explained, along with how and why the results were obtained. The thesis describes how the prototype of the corner joint was manufactured and the challenges that 3D printing presents. The used design methods were brainstorming, mind maps, the Golden ratio, and iterative design. The researched joints were traditional woodworking joints, structural joints and Japanese joints. This thesis researches if 3D printing is suitable for manufacturing corner joints for furniture. It also evaluates how a well-designed corner joint for furniture can be used when assembling different furniture. 3D printing is a suitable yet slow and quite expensive method. 3D printed corner pieces are not very durable. The corner piece is suitable for creating different furniture. It is also possible when assembling different furniture when using corner joint pieces.
The causes and consequences of population declines of two boreal forest species : the case of the willow tit (Parus montanus) and the Siberian flying squirrel (Pteromys volans)
Modification of surfaces in brazing of Al2O3-metal joints
A prototype of knowledge based expert system for design of structural steel joints
European recommendations for the design of simple joints in steel structures
Static strength characteristics of mechanical joints in GFRP laminates
The practical woodworker : a complete guide to the art and practice of woodworking. Volume I
Working in wood : the illustrated manual of tools methods, materials and classic constructions
A qualification tool for component package feasibility in infrastructure products
Working in wood : an introduction
Supporting document for surrogate model construction of welded HSS tubular Y-joints
Semi-rigid behaviour of nail plate joints
Fatigue of structures and materials
Woodwork : the complete step-by-step manual
Resistance welding as a joining method in the wire harness production of commercial vehicle
Abstract: Fretting fatigue of a shrink-fitted shaft.
The complete illustrated guide to joinery
Standard handbook of fastening and joining
FAQ : aesthetics of collective experience
Shear strength of clinched connections in light gauge steel
Universal joints and driveshafts : analysis, design, applications
Wood and wood joints : building traditions of Europe and Japan
Analysis and design of structural bonded joints
Success with joints
Stainless steel masonry support systems : best practice information sheet for specifiers
Do-it-yourself designer furniture
WOODWORKER'S JOINT BOOK / THE COMPLETE GUIDE TO WOOD JOINERY
Alpha-synuclein as a regulator of synaptic signalling
Improving the quality of aluminium oxide tunnel junctions by thermal annealing
Design of wood structures : ASD
The complete hang gliding guide
Managing of engine pipe connection and flexible connection
Advanced framing : techniques, troubleshooting & structural design
Handbook of adhesion
Welded joint design
Adhesion science and engineering. 1, The mechanics of adhesion
Theory of thermomechanical processes in welding
The determination of the mode II fatigue threshold with a cast iron ENF specimen
Angiopoietin 1 and 2-regulated Tie2 receptor translocation in endothelial cells and investigation of Angiopoietin-2 splice variant 443
Structural detailing in timber : a comparative study of international codes and practices
NMR imaging of adhesives and adhesive joints
Copper : fundamental mechanisms for microelectronic applications
The craft of log building : a handbook of craftsmanship in wood
Innovations in Materials Manufacturing, Fabrication, and Environmental Safety
Corner joint for furniture
The temporal variation in Siberian flying squirrel (Pteromys volans) population size
Hitsaus : hitsausliitosten monikielinen kuvallinen sanasto : standardi = Welding : multilingual terms for welded joints with illustrations
Joints in steel construction : simple joints to Eurocode 3 /.
Polymer composites in construction
Design of joints in steel and composite structures : Eurocode 3: Design of steel structures Part 1-8 - Design of joints, Eurocode 4: Design of composite steel and concrete structures Part 1-1 - General rules and rules for buildings
Direct wafer bonding for MEMS and microelectronics
Mechanical fastening, joining, and assembly
Welding technology for engineers
Report of the Third Meeting of the WECAFC Ad Hoc Flyingfish Working Group of the Eastern Caribbean, Mount Irvine, Tobago, 21-21 July 2008.
Interfaces in electronic materials : proceedings of the international symposium
Creative tools
Simulation-enhanced qualification of printed wiring board-level reliability in microelectronics
Comparison of Temperature Coupling Algorithms in SMD simulations and Mutation Design in Talin I/LWEQ Domain
Threaded fasteners in metal artifacts
