http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p19191 cytogenetics
cytogenetics
Imaginal discs : the genetic and cellular logic of pattern formation
Maps of the salivary gland chromosomes of Drosophila melanogaster
Animal cytogenetics. Vol. 4, Chordata 1 : Protochordata, Cyclostomata and Pisces
Introduction to genetics and cytogenetics
Gene amplification and the development of drug resistance : cytogenetic and molecular studies of murine SEWA tumor cells
Rat and human catechol-O-methyltransferase gene : structure and regulation of expression
Micronuclei in human peripheral lymphocytes : mechanistic origin and use as a biomarker of genotoxic effects in occupational exposure
Plant cell, tissue and organ culture : fundamental methods
Cytogenetics of the black rat : karyotype evolution and species differentiation
Genetics for oncologists : the molecular genetic basis of oncological disorders
Cytogenetic and molecular genetic alterations in thyroid and parathyroid tumors
Somatic cell genetics of woody plants : proceedings of the IUFRO Working Party S2. 04-07 Somatic Cell Genetics, held in Grosshansdorf, Federal Republic of Germany, August 10-13, 1987
Plant cell and tissue culture
ISCN 2016 : an international system for human cytogenomic nomenclature (2016)
The cells of the body : a history of somatic cell genetics
Comparison of genetic changes in primary sarcomas and their pulmonary metastases
Animal cytogenetics. Vol. 1, Platyhelminthes
Cancer cytogenetics
Cellular pathology
Genetics of Scots pine
Polytene chromosomes from ovarian pseudonurse cells of the Drosophila melanogaster otu mutant. II. Photographic map of the X chromosome
ISCN 2013 : an international system for human cytogenetic nomenclature (2013)
Cytogenetic and molecular cytogenetic studies of soft tissue tumors
A feeling for the organism : the life and work of Barbara McClintock
Genetic characterization of an oligopeptide transport system from Lactobacillus delbrueckii subsp. bulgaricus
Homology effects
Animal cytogenetics. Vol. 4, Chordata 3 : A. Reptilia
Molecular cytogenetics of primary cutaneous T-cell lymphomas : from cytogenetics to the identification of specific gene-level aberrations
Cytology and genetics
Cytogenetic and molecular genetic changes in childhood acute leukaemias
Animal cytogenetics. Vol. 4, Chordata 4 : Mammalia I : Monotremata and Marsupialia
Is the polyploid cranberry (Vaccinium sp.) in Finland tetraploid or hexaploid?
Cytogenetic studies of forest trees and shrub species : proceedings of the first IUFRO Cytogenetics Working Party S2.04-08 Symposium, September 8-11, 1993, Brijuni national park, Croatia
Animal cytogenetics. Vol. 4, Chordata 2 : Amphibia
The science of laboratory diagnosis
Cytogenetic analysis as a tool for studying infertility in horses
Bone marrow pathology
Heat shock and development
Molecular biology of the gene
Animal cytogenetics. Vol. 3, Insecta 6 : Hemiptera II: Heteroptera
Human cytogenetics : constitutional analysis : a practical approach
Genetic modeling of cancer : cytogenetic and molecular analysis of experimental tumors with special emphasis on the involvement of gene amplification
Cytogenetics
Applications of molecular cytogenetics to study normal and pathological hematopoiesis
Cancer cytogenetics : chromosomal and molecular genetic aberrations of tumor cells
Summary.
Animal cytogenetics. Vol. 3, Insecta 2 : Blattodea, Mantodea, Isoptera, Grylloblattodea, Phasmatodea, Dermaptera and Embioptera
Chromosome and micronucleus analyses of peripheral lymphocytes in the detection of occupational exposure to genotoxic chemicals
Molecular biomethods handbook
The chondriome : chloroplast and mitochondrial genomes
Practical in situ hybridization
Cytogenetic and molecular genetic studies of bone tumors
Cytogenetics : plants, animals, humans
Cytology of female meiosis in Drosophila melanogaster : theory and applications
Animal cytogenetics. Vol. 3, Insecta 1 : Orthoptera : Grasshoppers and Crickets
The significance of nuclear quantity in the genus micrasterias
Electron micrograph map of the Drosophila melanogaster polytene chromosome 3R divisions 81 through 90
Rare event cells in hematologic neoplasms : lineage involvement and minimal residual disease
Oncogenes and cancer : genomic instability in experimental tumors
Molecular and cytogenetic changes in ovarian carcinoma
The principles of clinical cytogenetics
A manual of laboratory and diagnostic tests
Sphingolipid activator proteins in neuronal ceroid-lipofuscinoses
ISCN 2005 : an international system for human cytogenetic nomenclature (2005) : recommendations of the International Standing Committee on Human Cytogenetic Nomenclature
Cytogenetic and mitochondrial DNA analyses of four salmonid fish species
Prokaryotic genetics : genome organization, transfer and plasticity
Cancer systems biology
Chromosome engineering in plants : genetics, breeding, evolution. Part B
