http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p19175 Japanese language
Japanese language
Easy Japanese : a guide to spoken and written Japanese
A practical introduction to the study of Japanese writing : (moji no shirube) = Moji no shirube
Basic Japanese : glossary and inflection tables
Discourse modality : subjectivity, emotion and voice in the Japanese language
Western loan-words in Japanese
Easy Japanese : a direct approach to immediate conversation
Intercultural teaching and learning : English as a foreign language education in Finland and Japan
Making sense of Japanese : what the textbooks don't tell you
Perfect Japanese : Michel Thomas method : listen, connect, speak
Japanese phrasebook & dictionary
Japanese verbs and essentials of grammar : a practical guide to the mastery of Japanese
Beginner's Japanese : an easy introduction
Japanese hiragana for beginners : first steps to mastering the Japanese writing system
Fast Japanese
Japanese guaranteed : the all-audio beginner's course
Common Japanese collocations : a learner's guide to frequent word pairings
The Japanese writing system : a structural approach. Unit 1-3
Learn in your car : Japanese : the complete language course
A manual of Japanese writing. Book 1
2001 kanji : structure analysis, association method, fully cross referenced, fast visual index
A guide to learning hiragana and katagana
The Japanese writing system : a structural approach. Kanji list
Naganuma's practical Japanese : (basic course)
The phonological component of a grammar of Japanese
Practice book : accompanying Naganuma's basic Japanese course. Part 1.
An English-Japanese dictionary of the spoken language
Japanese for busy people. 2
Japanese katakana for beginners : first steps to mastering the Japanese writing system
Japanese for busy people. 1, teacher's manual
A manual of Japanese writing. Book 3
NTC's dictionary of Japan's cultural code words
Self-study kana workbook : learning through listening and writing
Rapid Japanese. Vol. 2, 200+ essential words and phrases anchored into your long-term memory with great music
Let's learn Japanese : Basic II : textbook for viewers
Hiyaku : an intermediate japanese course
Easy kana workbook : basic practice in hiragana and katakana for Japanese language students
Shin nihongo no kiso. 1, English translation
Easy Hiragana & Katakana exercise book : first steps to basic Japanese writing
Origins of the Japanese language : lectures in Japan during the academic year 1977-78
The study of kanji. by Michael Pye
A manual of Japanese writing. Book 2
Japanese for busy people : Kana version. 2
An introduction to modern japanese
The complete japanese verb guide
Fast-track Japanese
Essential Japanese : an introduction to the standard colloquial language
Bunka elementary Japanese. 2
Affective expressions in Japanese : a handbook of value-laden words in everyday Japanese
Teach yourself Japanese
Dictionary of iconic expressions in Japanese
Online dictionary of crystallography
The Japanese stage-step course : writing practise e-book
Shin nihongo no kiso. 1, Grammatical notes in English
Easy Japanese : A guide to spoken and written Japanese
Conversational Japanese : the right word at the right time
Mangajin's basic Japanese through comics : a compilation of the first 24 Basic Japanese columns from Mangajin magazine
Japanese for busy people. 1
Konnichi no Nihon = Japan today : reading textbook for intermediate course. Book 1
A dictionary of basic Japanese grammar
First lessons in Japanese = Nyūmon Nihongo
First hundred words in Japanese
The Japanese stage-step course : grammar textbook
Speak Japanese today : a self-study course for learning everyday spoken Japanese
Basic Japanese grammar
Representations of authentic Japanese martial traditions : examining perspectives of instructors and students of koryū
Very simple Japanese
Nihongo : kana - an introduction to the Japanese syllabary = Nihongo : kana nyūmon, eigohan
Introduction to hiragana and characters : a self-study workbook
A dictionary of intermediate Japanese grammar = Nihongo bunpō jiten (chūkyū hen)
Fast Japanese : "now you're talking!"
Japanese for professionals
Pocket romanized Japanese-English dictionary
Learn Japanese now! : read, listen, speak
Remembering the Kanji. 2, A systematic guide to reading Japanese characters
Genki. I  : an integrated course in elementary Japanese
Ready conjugator of Japanese verbs and adjectives
A bi-planic approach to Japanese semantics : generative description of the post-predicative modification
Everyday listening in 50 days = Mainichi kikitori 50 nichi. Vol. 2
Start Japanese : Michel Thomas method : listen, connect, speak
Japanese verbs & essentials of grammar
Japanese for today
Bunka elementary Japanese. 1
A Japanese reader : graded lessons in the modern language = Gendai Nihonbun tokuhon
Japanese from zero! 1
Let's learn hiragana : [first book of basic Japanese writing]
Japanese for beginners
The phonology of eight-century Japanese : a reconstruction based upon written records
The second 100 Japanese kanji : the quick and easy way to learn the basic Japanese kanji
Genki. II  : an integrated course in elementary Japanese
Kanji in context : a study system for intermediate & advanced learners : reference book
Intralingual internationalism : English in Japan and "English made in Japan"
Japanese demystified
Mangajin's basic Japanese through comics. Part 2 : a compilation of  24 Basic Japanese columns from Mangajin magazine
Japanese for travellers
24 tasks for basic modern Japanese vol. 2 : Nihongo kiite hanashite
Japanese sound fx!
Rapid Japanese. Vol. 1, 200+ essential words and phrases anchored into your long-term memory with great music
