http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1910 direction methods
direction methods
Has environmental tax reform been implemented in Finland?
Who holds the reins in integrated product policy? : an individual company as a target of regulation and as a policy maker
Overview on the cost-effectiveness of maritime safety policy instruments
The environmental dimension of multifunctionality : economic analysis and implications for policy design
The pathway from infertility to motherhood through assisted reproductive technology (ART)
Abstract.
555224A Methods of production management and logistics : case 2011
Environmental governance in Europe : a comparative analysis of new environmental policy instruments
Overcoming the institutional obstacles of industrial recycling
Policy instruments in integrating biodiversity conservation and carbon sequestration as a part of forest management
Forest policy analysis
Towards a recycling society : the National Waste Plan for 2016.
Essays on auction mechanisms and information in regulation pollution
Boom-and-bust cycles are commonplace in the exploitation history of sea cucumber fisheries but pandemic overfishing to critical levels now threatens the persistence of breeding stocks for future generations of coastal fishers. Resource managers must embrace an ecosystem approach to fisheries, in which biodiversity conservation, ecosystem services and the concerns of stakeholders are taken into account alongside of the productivity of stocks and the economic gains from fishing. This booklet provides a "roadmap" for developing and implementing better management of sea cucumber fisheries.--Publisher's description.
Economic environmental policy instruments in Finland
Counselling supervision : theory, skills and practice
Economic and environmental performance of alternative policy measures to reduce nutrient surpluses in Finnish agriculture
The balanced scorecard : translating strategy into action
Magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) is a well-established imaging modality for disorders of the musculoskeletal system. The distinguishing advantages of MRI are absence of ionizing radiation, excellent tissue contrast and the ability to use any arbitrary imaging plane. MRI can also be used as a guidance method for various percutaneous procedures.The purpose of this study was to evaluate the feasibility of MRI guidance for musculoskeletal biopsies and therapeutic bone drillings. A 0.23 tesla open configuration MRI scanner with an interventional optical guidance system was used.172 percutaneous biopsies performed using MRI guidance were reviewed to define the safety and accuracy of the guidance method. The value of fine needle aspiration biopsy (FNAB) as a supplementary diagnostic procedure for core biopsy was also evaluated. The overall diagnostic accuracy of MRI-guided biopsy was 0.95, sensitivity 0.91, and speciﬁcity 0.98. The diagnostic accuracy of histological biopsy alone was 0.93, sensitivity 0.89, and speciﬁcity 0.98, and accuracy for FNAB alone was 0.85, sensitivity 0.80, and speciﬁcity 0.90. MRI guidance was deemed feasible and accurate and fine needle biopsy a useful supplement.The feasibility and safety of MRI-guided retrograde drilling of osteochondritis dissecans of the knee were evaluated by analysing ten procedures. All the lesions were successfully located and reached without complications. All patients experienced pain alleviation and follow-up MRI showed ossification in all.The feasibility and safety of MRI-guided retrograde drilling of osteochondritis dissecans of the talus were assessed by evaluating four procedures. Technical success was achieved in all cases and no complications were reported. All patients experienced some clinical benefit, although the changes in the pathological imaging findings were subtle.The feasibility and safety of MRI-guide d core decompression for avascular necrosis of the femoral head were assessed by analysing twelve such procedures. The patients quantified their symptoms before and after the procedure. All procedures were successful without complications. All patients with low-stage disease benefited from the procedure. MRI guidance seems accurate, safe and technically feasible for the therapeutic bone drillings studied.
The impacts of biofuels on the economy, environment, and poverty : a global perspective
Emissions trading : principles and practice
Renewable energy and climate policies : studies in the forest and energy sector
Environmental governance : institutions, policies and actions
Calm or storm? : wind power actors' perceptions of Finnish wind power and its future
"Climate change is profoundly altering our world in ways that pose major risks to human societies and natural systems. We have entered the Climate Casino and are rolling the global-warming dice, warns economist William Nordhaus. But there is still time to turn around and walk back out of the casino, and in this essential book the author explains how. Bringing together all the important issues surrounding the climate debate, Nordhaus describes the science, economics, and politics involved--and the steps necessary to reduce the perils of global warming. Using language accessible to any concerned citizen and taking care to present different points of view fairly, he discusses the problem from start to finish: from the beginning, where warming originates in our personal energy use, to the end, where societies employ regulations or taxes or subsidies to slow the emissions of gases responsible for climate change. Nordhaus offers a new analysis of why earlier policies, such as the Kyoto Protocol, failed to slow carbon dioxide emissions, how new approaches can succeed, and which policy tools will most effectively reduce emissions. In short, he clarifies a defining problem of our times and lays out the next critical steps for slowing the trajectory of global warming." -- Publisher's description.
Water legislation in selected countries : a comparative study for South African water law review
The effectiveness of differentiation of the Finnish car purchase tax according to carbon dioxide emission performance
Who holds the reins in integrated product policy : an individual company as a target of regulation and as a policy maker
Remarks on few signs of environmental tax reform in Finland
Best practices for improving law compliance in the forestry sector
The economics and politics of climate change
The Swan label from a consumer and environmental perspective : evaluation of the Nordic ecolabeling
Helping students overcome depression and anxiety : a practical guide
Feasibility study on the implementation of economic measures to reduce emissions of organic solvents : final report February 1994.
Putting into practice an ecosystem approach to managing sea cucumber fisheries
555224A Methods of production management and logistics : exercise book
Magnetic resonance imaging-guided percutaneous musculoskeletal biopsies and therapeutic bone drillings
Payments for environmental services, forest conservation and climate change : livelihoods in the REDD?
Technology, natural resources and economic growth : improving the environment for a greener future
Business performance measurement and management : new contents, themes and challenges
Emissions trading design : a critical overview
Governing everyday consumption
Introduction to forest policy analysis
Performance management of the university education process
Evaluation of climate policies and measures in EU member states : examples and experiences from four sectors
The climate casino : risk, uncertainty, and economics for a warming world
Selecting instruments for a greenhouse gas reduction policy in Finland
Counselling and helping
Using the market for cost-effective environmental policy : market-based instruments in Europe
Marginal abatement costs for reducing leaching of nitrates in Croatian agriculture
Forests in the global balance : changing paradigms
Trade regulations and product oriented environmental measures
Views of Finnish maritime experts on the effectiveness of maritime safety policy instruments
Implementing a new planning and forecasting model with rolling forecasts : case multinational corporation
Piketty's capital in the twenty-first century
China's ownership transformation : process, outcomes, prospects
To create a steering model for a parent company and its subsidiaries
Central bank tenders : three essays on money market liquidity auctions
Nordic transport and environment : summary of a policy study
Capital in the twenty-first century
Maritime safety in the Gulf of Finland : evaluation of the regulatory system
The multiple faces of a sustainability strategy : analysing Finland's programme to promote sustainable consumption and production
Living within a fair share ecological footprint
