http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p19196 commercial forests
commercial forests
The ecology of the mountain hare (Lepus timidus L.) in managed boreal forests : habitat associations at different forest scales
Maintaining biodiversity in forest ecosystems
Soil hydrological properties and conditions, site preparation, and the long-term performance of planted Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris L.) on upland forest sites in Finnish Lapland
Forest Act Habitats : Finnish woodland key habitats amid the intensive forestry
Conservation of polypore diversity in managed forests of boreal Fennoscandia
Global and EU governance for sustainable forest management with special reference to capacity building in Ethiopia and Southern Sudan
State of Finlands forests 2007 : based on the criteria and indicators of sustainable forest management
Composition of functional groups of ground vegetation differ between planted stands of non-native Pinus contorta and native Pinus sylvestris and Picea abies in northern Sweden
Integrating forestry and reindeer husbandry in Northern Sweden : a discrete time application
Red wood ant and mound densities in managed boreal forests
Abstract.
Ecology, environmental requirements and conservation of corticioid fungi occupying small diameter dead wood
Research in forestry and wood science in Finland
Global change in multispecies systems. Part 3
Use of biomass fuels in the brick-making industries of Sudan : implications for deforestation and greenhouse gas emission
Swedish forest policy since 1990 : reforms and consequences
Research and development for sustainable management of semi-arid miombo woodlands in East Africa
Forest act habitats : Finnish woodland key habitats amid the intensive forestry
Industrial ecosystem : using the material and energy flow model of an ecosystem in an industrial system
Discourses of ecology and new biotechnology in the Finnish forest sector - combining old structures and net technologies
"Intelligent and resource-efficient production technologies" (EffTech) programme : programme report 2008-2010
Short-rotation bioenergy stands as an alternative to spruce plantations: implications for bird biodiversity
Impacts of changes in forest and economic policy and business preconditions in Russia and Finland
Finnish forest sector economic outlook 2015-2016 : executive summary
Calibration of the tree size distributions by combining the area-based approach and the individual tree detection using the airborne laser scanning
Constructing forest plans interactively based on owner-driven evaluation of the holding- and stand-level alternatives
Bioeconomy and ecosystem services - synergy or conflict? : horizontal and vertical policy analysis, modelling and orchestration in practice : Final Conference Proceedings of FPS COST Action FP1207
The Bridge
Perceptions, realities and forest communication
Environmental Services provided by the Nordic-Baltic Forests : extended abstracts of the CAR-ES network meeting in Finland 20.-22.10.2014
Benefits of agricultural and forestry machinery standardization in Finland
Harvesting operations in eucalyptus plantations in Thailand
The impacts of forestry on polyporous fungi in boreal forests
Scenario analysis for the biomass supply potential and the future development of Finnish forest resources
’The site strikes back’: multi-level forest governance and participation in northern Finland
The State of Canada's forests
Future review for the forest sector : outline of the forest council concerning focuses and aims for the forest sector
Finland's National Forest Programme 2010 : follow-up report 2005-2006
Capercaillie (Tetrao urogallus L.) habitats in managed Finnish forests : the current status, threats and possibilities
Nutrient fluxes in managed boreal forests
Silviculture and biodiversity in managed Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris) forests in Europe : case studies from Germany (Niedersachsen), Finland (North Karelia) and Spain (Catalonia)
Microsites before and after restoration in managed Picea abies stands in southern Finland : effects of fire and partial cutting with dead wood creation
Biological diversity in the Finnish private forests : survey of valuable habitats : interim report 2000
Forestry and reindeer herding in northern Sweden : estimating forest management effects and opportunity costs in a winter grazing area
Cost-effective measures for diffuse load abatement in forestry
Tasforests
Forest & landscape research
Advancing Agroforestry on the Policy Agenda : a guide for decision-makers
Portfolio management and the competitiveness of forest ownership
Human disturbance on Polylepis mountain forests in Peruvian Andes
Distribution of epiphytic lichens on Populus tremula and Salix caprea in old-growth and managed forests of middle and boreal Finland
The effect of grazing history on fungal diversity in broadleaved wood pastures
Optimal harvesting of Tectona grandis plantation stands in Costa Rica
Mapping of growing stock and stand delineation for tropical forests using remote sensing
The importance of forested mire margin plant communities for the diversity of managed boreal forests in Finland
Creating value through advanced silvicultural services
Northwest Russian Forest Sector in a Nutshell
Open Journal of Forestry (OJF) covers topics in forestry, including forest protection, pest control, ecology, plant breeding, plant nutrition, urban forestry, etc.
Differences in stand characteristics between brook-side key habitats and managed forests in southern Finland
Conservation biology of the great crested newt in managed boreal forests in Finland
Green-tree retention and controlled burning in restoration and conservation of beetle diversity in boreal forests
Forest governance and climate change adaptation : case studies of four African countries
Are MCPFE indicators suitable for planted forests? : summary and comparative analysis of the FORSEE project results : assessment and relevance of criteria and indicators for sustainable forest management in cultivated forests
The effects of habitat changes, conservation measures and interspecific interactions on forest-dwelling hawks
Wood research
Impact of management history on forest structure and composition in eastern and central Finland
Edge effects in managed forests and implications for conservation
Boosters of and barriers to smooth communication in family forest owners' decision making
Open Journal of Forestry
Proceedings of the International Conference "Supporting the forest sector reform in Russia and in the Southeast European countries by assessing the experiences of the new EU member states" : Pushkino 21-22nd March 2007
'The site strikes back' : multi-level forest governance and participation in northern Finland
Biodiversity conservation in forestry : essays on the economics of site selection
Conditions and prospects for increasing forest yield in northern Europe
Silviculture and ecology of western U.S. forests
Role of community forestry in rural livelihood and poverty alleviation in Ohangwena and Caprivi Regions in Namibia
Determining boreal clearcut object properties and characteristics for identification purposes
Growth and profitability of logging and transportation in wood procurement companies in Finland : what strategies and entrepreneurs are needed for profitable growth?
Peatland restoration and ecosystem services : science, policy, and practice
Statistics on the finances of agricultural and forestry enterprises
Cost efficiency of measures to increase the amount of coarse woody debris in managed Norway spruce forests
The management of industrial forest plantations : theoretical foundations and applications
Ecological restoration of forests in Fennoscandia : defining reference stand structures and immediate effects of restoration
Geneva timber and forest study papers
Study on biodiversity in managed forests: results encouraging
Adaptation of forest ecosystems, forests and forestry to climate change
This unique book provides the first comprehensive overview of wood based bioenergy in the northern hardwood forests of the Eastern United States. This includes a holistic look at the topic of wood based bioenergy, as well as focused analyses of key topics.
Values, fairness and legitimacy : in the context of Finnish forest and nature conservation policy
Vegetation patterns in managed and semi-natural boreal forests in eastern Finland and Russian Karelia
Regional code of practice for reduced-impact forest harvesting in tropical moist forests of West and Central Africa
Voles and their trophic interactions in a changing landscape
Sustainability assessment of forest resources - tools for a problem-orientated approach
Forests in landscapes : ecosystem approaches to sustainability
Dynamics of vegetation, nitrogen and carbon as indicators of the operation of peatland buffers
Resource bulletin PNW
Reindeer herding and modern forestry : the historical impacts on forests of two main land users in northern Sweden
Barriers to change? : understanding the institutional hurdles in the Russian forest sector
Fuel conditions and fire behavior characteristics of managed Picea abies and Pinus sylvestris forests in Finland
Woodland key habitats : a key to effective conservation of forest biodiversity?
Changes in landscape-scale habitat selection of capercaillie (Tetrao urogallus) in managed north-boreal forest
Research notes
Woodpecker assemblages in natural and managed boreal and hemiboreal forest - a review
Research and development for sustainable management of semiarid miombo woodlands in East Africa
Ant communities in fragments of old-growth taiga and managed surroundings
Forest accounts
Timber production possibilities and capital yields from the Norwegian forest area
Wood-based energy in the northern forests
State of Finland's forests 2007 : based on the criteria and indicators of sustainable forest management
Intensified forestry increases the interest in replacing native tree species with fast growing non-native species. However, consequences for native biodiversity and ecosystem functioning are poorly understood. We compared cover and composition of major functional groups of ground vegetation between planted stands of non-native Pinus contorta Dougl. var. latifolia Engelm. and native conifers Pinus sylvestris L. and Picea abies (L.) H. Karst. in northern boreal Sweden. We quantified the ground cover of lichens, bryophytes, vascular plants and ground without vegetation (bare ground) in 96 stands covering three different age classes (15, 30 and 85 years old). Our study revealed differences in ground vegetation patterns between non-native and native managed forests, and that these differences are linked to stand age and differences in canopy cover. Total vascular plant cover increased with increasing stand age for all tree species, with P. contorta stands having higher cover than both native conifers. The ground cover of lichens was, although generally low, highest in stands of Pinus sylvestris. P. abies stands had a lower cover of vascular plants, but bare ground was more common compared with P. contorta. Our results suggest that the use of P. contorta as an alternative tree species in Fennoscandian forestry will influence native ground vegetation patterns. This influence is likely to change with time and future research should consider both temporal and landscape-scale effects from shifting tree-species dominance to Pinus contorta and other non-native tree species..
Vegetation patterns in managed and semi-natural boreal forests in eastern  Finland and Russian Karelia
Dutch forest products' trade in the Baltic from the Late Middle Ages to the Peace of Munster in 1648
EVALUATION OF MARKET POTENTIAL OF BRAZIL FOR FOREST MACHINERY COMPANIES: CASE KESLA
State of Finland's Forest 2011 : based on the criteria and indicators of sustainable forest management
Winter foraging of the Black Woodpecker Dryocopus martius in managed forest in south-central Sweden
Forestry in Namibia 1850-1990
CAR-ES (Centre of Advanced Research on Environmental Services from Nordic Forest Ecosystems, 2011-2015) is an open network that brings together Nordic and Baltic forest researchers. The CAR-ES network aims at providing scientific knowledge on the impacts of forest management on major environmental services for decision making within the forest sector. The main environmental services addressed are: Carbon sequestration, Water quality, Biodiversity, Soil quality. CAR-ES organizes meetings, workshops and conferences and the second meeting in 2014 was held in Finland, at the premises of Metla Vantaa Unit. The meeting discussed the issues related to the main environmental services covered by CAR-ES, work on the ongoing subprojects and plannned the final conference as well as the future of the network. The workshop was attended by 30 scientists representing the Baltic and Nordic countries. The extended abstracts of the presentations are published in this paper. CAR-ES is funded by the Nordic Forest Research (SNS) as one of its Virtual Centres of Advanced Research.
Logging for the ark : improving the conservation value of production forests in South East Asia
Knowledge about the impact of climate change on the forest-related employment is important for making relevant policy decisions in areas where forestry is economically important. This paper contrasts two different areas in Sweden and Finland in terms of population structure, employment structure and forest-based economy. The paper discusses the future possible outcomes of climate change in terms of forest-related employment. The geographical level of analysis is the county of Norrbotten in Sweden, and the county of Lappi in Finland. These are sparsely populated peripheral areas with ageing populations. There has been a decline or stagnation in the economic and social conditions and the survival of many rural communities, in particular those inland, is seriously threatened. In the context of climate change the issue of how the forest growth will change and how well the different areas will adapt to these changes are addressed.
Sustainable development in forest management in Finland
Forest-related employment in the European North: current trends and future development
Technology transfer notes : forestry research applications
Value-added bioproducts or renewable energy derived from lignin? : comparative regional economic and environmental impact assessment : case Metsä Group's bioproduct mill in Äänekoski
Research report
Atlas of the forest sector in Poland
The potential, cost-efficiency and impacts of intensified management of Finnish forests for next 100 years were assessed using a national-level scenario analysis. This document serves as a technical description of the applied models and methods, but also includes a brief synthesis of the results. Data from the 10th Finnish National Forest Inventory was used to forecast the consequences of alternative management scenarios. Four final scenarios were constructed using MOTTI stand simulator and linear programming package J. Business-as-usual -scenario was compared to three other options that aimed either at high quality raw material, intensive management resulting both quantity and quality of timber, or at low-cost-low-output (extensive) forestry. If the intensity of forest management will remain at the current level, the growing stock will increase. Increasing amount of high quality raw material for forest industry can be produced but it necessitates also increase in annual management practices. For example, treatment areas of young stand management should be doubled compared to current areas in order to maintain or increase cutting removals of high quality wood. It is possible to increase annual removals in a sustainable manner by applying more intensive forest management that also improves profitability nearly 50%. The annual removals can be ca. 40% higher than the current level, and the annual energy wood removal can be over 10 mill m3. Despite increased removals, sustainable wood and biomass production during next 100 years can be achieved. Intensively managed forest are more efficient capturing carbon from atmosphere than extensively managed forests, but the climate impacts depend on the use of removed carbon (end-products made from the removed wood biomass).
The profitability of forestry in Finland and Russia
Activity budgets and microhabitat use in the Siberian Jay Perisoreus infaustus in managed and unmanaged forest
Palaako elävä metsä? : metsiensuojelun tavoitteita 2000-luvun Suomessa = A comprehensive conservation programme for Finland's forests in the 21st century
Metla Bulletin : newsletter of the Finnish forest research institute
Emulation of natural disturbances and the maintenance of biodiversity in managed boreal forests : the effects of prescribed fire and retention forestry on insect assemblages
Assessing the integrated climatic impacts of forestry and wood products
Natural regeneration and ecological succession in Pinus kesiya watershed plantations in northern Thailand : implications for plantation management
Statistical opportunities for comparing stand structural heterogeneity in managed and primeval forests: an example from boreal spruce forest in southern Finland
The design of forest landscapes
Taiwan journal of forest science
Potential trade-offs between nature-based tourism and forestry : a case study in Northern Finland
MELA2016 : reference manual
The green change
Wood-rotting Aphyllophorales (Basidiomycetes) on aspen (Populus tremula) in managed and old-groth forests of Kainuu, eastern Finland
Forest owners' social networks : possibilities to enhance knowledge exchange
Policy and practices for biodiversity in managed forests : the living dance
Structure of old Pinus sylvestris dominated forest stands along a geographic and human impact gradient in mid-boreal Fennoscandia
