http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1912 direction (artistic creation)
direction (artistic creation)
Career development and counseling : putting theory and research to work
Odoo 10 Development Essentials : fast-track your development skills to build powerful Odoo 10 business applications
Music for early learning : songs and musical activities to support children̕ s development
Counseling Myocardial Infarct Patients  : Rehabilitation and a Multi Perspective Recover
Ward Leonard  control system
Introduction to media production : the path to digital media production
Big ideas in education : what every teacher should know
The musical director in the amateur theatre
Elements of group counseling : back to the basics
Best practice in professional supervision : a guide forhelping professions
Improving Inventory Operations through Data Collection and Monitoring : Case Etra
Enhancing the quality of learning : dispositions, instruction, and learning processes
Comparison between multicultural counseling competences in the United States, England, and Finland
Characteristics Of True Dialogical Mentoring Process In Teaching Practice
Documentary storytelling : creative nonfiction on screen
Consistent control structure modeling with application to distillation control
Incentives and foreign direct investment
The director in the theatre
Counseling of the Percutaneous Coronary Intervention Patient Before and After the Percutaneous Coronary Intervention : A Literature Review
A management model for physical risks in the care work
Inside Microsoft Dynamics AX 2012
Unsettling opera : staging Mozart, Verdi, Wagner and Zemlinsky
Tech one : automotive suspension and steering
Control system design and commissioning for a model of a lifter vehicle
This book tackles the regulatory issues of Unmanned Aerial Systems (UAS) or Remotely-Piloted Aerial Systems (RPAS), which have profound consequences for privacy, security and other fundamental liberties. Collectively known as "drones," they were initially deployed for military purposes: reconnaissance, surveillance and extrajudicial executions. Today, we are witnessing a growth of their use into the civilian and humanitarian domain. They are increasingly used for goals as diverse as news gathering, aerial inspection of oil refinery flare stacks, mapping of the Amazonian rain-forest, crop spraying and search and rescue operations. The civil use of drones is becoming a reality in the European Union and in the US.The drone revolution may be a new technological revolution. Proliferation of the next generation of "recreational" drones show how drones will be sold as any other consumer item. The cultural perception of the technology is shifting, as drones are increasingly being used for humanitarian activities, on one hand, but they can also firmly be situated in the prevailing modes of postmodern governance on the other hand. This work will be of interest to researchers in Criminology and Criminal Justice interested in issues related to surveillance, security, privacy, and technology. It will also provide a criminological background for related legal issues, such as privacy law, aviation law, international criminal law, and comparative law.
Fuzzy control and identification
Guidance in the classroom
Design workbook on ship maneuverability
Fly electric
First you sit on the floor : a guide to developing a youth theatre troupe
Health promotion in midwifery : principles and practice
The Design of Temperature and Humidity Remote Monitoring
On-board electronic control systems of future automated heavy machinery
What's in your mouth? : your guide to a lifelong smile
Mentoring in schools
Completely updated,Counseling the Culturally Diverse: Theory and Practice, Sixth Edition is the most widely used and critically acclaimed text on multicultural counseling, offering students and professionals essential and thought-provoking material on the theory, research, and practice of multicultural counseling. The new edition presents the newest research in the field of multicultural counseling, as well as an expanded section on microaggressions. With its unique conceptual framework for multicultural therapy, this book remains the best source of real-world counseling preparation for students and the most enlightened, influential guide for professionals.
In demand : career guidance in EU neighbouring countries
Introduction and implementation of the 5S-operation model for ST-Koneistus Ltd
Effective supervision for the helping professions
The back of the napkin : solving problems and selling ideas with pictures
SCADA design and enterprise connectivity for a water processing system
The Hugo movie companion : a behind the scenes look at how a beloved book became a major motion picture
Counseling adolescents competently
Basic counselling skills : a helper's manual
Technical directing : film school on DVD
Integrative approaches to supervision
Implementation of group based exercises by peer instructors : a feasibility study in the elderly population
Guidance and orientation in secondary schools
Shortening the set-up-time in juice production process : the use of Lean methods
Research in information systems : a handbook for research supervisors and their students
Bad sailing made good : error analysis for small craft sailors
Digital media in blended coaching : interaction and distance presence in adult education
The effects of lean transformation on performance measurement and capacity management : case Valmet
Next steps in counselling practice : a students' companion for degrees, HE diplomas and vocational courses
How to arrange work and production in a small high tech company
Critical reflections on career education and guidance : promoting social justice within a global economy
Mentoring in religious education
The networked guidance service provision (NEGSEP) model
Automatization of a grain dryer
Process automation handbook : a guide to theory and practice
Multicultural competencies in counseling : a statistical exploration
The craft of play directing
Pastoral supervision : a handbook
Future Market Opportunities in the Finnish Alcohol Industry
Clinical handbook of pastoral counseling. Volume 2
Guidance on ROV operations
Controlling telecom instruments using Matlab
An introduction to primary mentoring
“How patients and their family members’ need of support and counselling can be assessed by written measures?  : Literature review
Written for diverse academic audience, this text serves as a handbook for professors, instructors, and advisors who oversee data collection by undergraduate students for the purpose of writing a research report. It provides background information concerning today's diverse undergraduate student population and the increasing emphasis placed on research in the college classroom and field settings, presents strategies for enhancing the research writing skills of undergraduate students, and examines specific research contexts. Adult educational theory is woven throughout the text, along with international perspectives.
Fundamentals of play directing
Mentors' perceptions of teacher practice at the School of Vocational Teacher Education in Oulu, Finland
Control aspects for energy-efficient and sensorless AC motor drives
Making short films : the complete guide from script to screen
Psychometrics in coaching : using psychological and psychometric tools for development
Contemporary financial management
Remote navigation of  a mobile robot in a RFID-augmented environment
First steps in counselling : a students' companion for introductory courses
Windy Dryden introduces the key elements of rational emotive behavioural theory and practice, and outlines the counselling sequence when working through a particular problem with a client.
Management accounting & control scales handbook
Career practitioners' conceptions of social media in career services
Let's assemble the pieces of life
Perspectives on guided practice
4th IFAC/IFIP international conference on digital computer applications to process control : Zürich, Switzerland, March 19-22, 1974. Part 2
Enterprise Resource Planning and Obstacles in The Implementation Process : The Case of Kalmar
Creating a procurement strategy for an importing company
Principles of helicopter flight
Lifelong guidance and the European challenge : issues for Malta
Drones and unmanned aerial systems : legal and social implications for security and surveillance
Black box thinking : the surprising truth about success (and why some people never learn from their mistakes)
Demystifying big data and machine learning for healthcare
The concise dictionary of pastoral care and counseling
Improving Product Lifecycle Management Through Lessons-to-Learn Culture  : Case Global Consumer Electronics Company
Producing and Directing the Short Film and Video
Tiivistelmä: Ward Leonard  control system.
Abstract. - Swedish summary.
British journal of guidance and counselling
Competent to counsel
Master of Business Administration
Using ERP as Data Source for Discrete-event Simulation Model
Physical fitness and its testing in adults with intellectual disability
Press forming of paperboard : advancement of converting tools and process control
Teaching and supervision
Counselling skills : a practical guide for counsellors and helping professionals
Optimizing Belt Conveyor Manufacturing
Play directing : analysis, communication, and style
Let's assemble the pieces of life : tool for multi-vocational guidance
Black box thinkers see failure as the very best way to learn. They interrogate their errors as part of their future strategy for success. Using case studies, interviews and practical takeaways, Matthew Syed explains how to turn failure into success.
Control of saturated permanent magnet synchronous motor : control, saturation, PMSM
The twilight saga : the complete film archive : memories, mementos and other treasures from the creative team behind the beloved motion pictures
4th IFAC/IFIP international conference on digital computer applications to process control : Zürich, Switzerland, March 19-22, 1974. Part 1
Wärtsilä turbocharger wash and dew point controller integration
Engineering process simulation model : Electrical Systems department, ABB Marine
The playworker's handbook
Student skills : tutor's handbook
This book is aimed at engineers and technicians who need to have a clear, practical understanding of the essentials of process control, loop tuning and how to optimize the operation of their particular plant or process. The reader would typically be involved in the design, implementation and upgrading of industrial control systems. Mathematical theory has been kept to a minimum with the emphasis throughout on practical applications and useful information. This book will enable the reader to: Specify and design the loop requirements for a plant using PID control, Identify and apply the essent.
Around the globe, career education and guidance is being presented as the answer to social exclusion, ensuring economic competitiveness and prosperity. The profile of career education and guidance has never been higher. Yet, current policy discussions have centred on individuals' development of 'self managed' careers within a global labour market, placing employability skills above all concerns. This book goes beyond the rhetoric of the 'self managed' career and 'employability skills' by exploring career education and guidance from critical and radical standpoints. The contributors question the economic underpinning that has driven social agendas, arguing that career education and guidance needs to place greater emphasis on developing socially just practices. The views expressed help to open up the debate around the impact of globalisation as consideration is given to the ways in which career professionals might actively enable, empower and promote the democratic engagement of all in the shaping of their worlds. The contributors consider the issues within a range of contexts including 'race', gender, disability and social class. "Critical Reflections on Career Education and Guidance" is essential reading for students, academics, practitioners and researchers who wish to achieve a greater understanding of the contexts involved.
Web control system of mobile platform : part of the “Roboteh” project
Functional Location Structure | Development of SAP ERP Machinery Hierarchy
Practical process control for engineers and technicians
Working with Odoo 10 : configure, manage, and customize Odoo to build professional-level business applications
The handheld device as a universal remote control
Abstract: ERP acquisition in small businesses - case Helpten. The objective of this thesis was to survey which, or what kind of Enterprise Resource Planning system is most suitable for the growing small business Helpten and to make a proposal to Helpten management on the most suitable system provider. The aim was to find a system to support business in a better way than the current system. Literature on ERP acquisition was studied to support the system survey. The focus was on system acquisition in small businesses. As part of the study a requirement specification for the new system was made between management and employees in the customer company. Based on the requirement specification currently available, ERP systems were surveyed for suitable alternatives and potential ERP system providers were interviewed. Three different systems were compared and scored based on criteria of the requirement specification. On the basis of the comparison and system presentations it could be concluded that the best system to meet the needs of Helpten could be Microsoft Dynamics NAV and Dynamics CRM. The delivery model and the functionality of the system responded to the imposed demands set by the company. The study also showed that large system providers also provide good system alternatives for small businesses, taking their specific needs into account. The survey also showed the challenges of information system acquisition in a small business, where similar acquisitions have not been done before. Based on the study it was found that special attention has to be put to the planning and requirement specification of the new system.
Clinical supervision : a practical guide to student teacher supervision
Governing everyday consumption
Understanding your international students : an educational, cultural, and linguistic guide
Development of product data management and material control
Unmanned aircraft systems : UAVS design, development and deployment
Consultancy Skills for Mission and Ministry provides a readable handbook to doing consultancy in church based organisations. Many of those who exercise ministry in churches move into roles where they are expected to supervise and support ministers and church leaders in their work. Consultancy is an effective way of doing this and provides skills and theoretical frameworks for both those working explicitly as consultants to ministers and church workers and leaders as well as for officers in churches such as Archdeacons, Superintendents, Mission Officers, local church and regional development advisers or those involved in continuing professional development. Often people moving into these roles are not provided with the specific skills and knowledge they need. Other groups who will find this book useful will include consultants who operate in commercial, public and voluntary organisations but who need to know how to apply their skills in church settings and students on courses in consultancy.
ERP acquisition in small businesses : case Helpten
Creative filmmaking from the inside out : five keys to the art of making inspired movies and television
Counseling the culturally diverse : theory and practice
Enchancing professional development of teachers by developing supervision into a conceptually-based practise
Potential for Single-Case Evaluation in Employment Services : Goal Attainment Scaling Method for Difficult-to-Employ Jobseekers
Produce & promote your music video
Social justice counseling : the next steps beyond multiculturalism
Guidance 2013 : Guidance System in JAMK University of Applied Sciences
Personal study plans for university students : a guide for study counsellors
The ivy chronicles : a novel
Strasberg at the Actors Studio : tape-recorded sessions
Personal tutoring in action : a handbook for staff involved in working with and supporting students
Organizational and performance consequences of management control systems : ERP in small service companies
Directing: the television commersial
Fundamentals of film directing
Ministers as strategic political leaders? : strategic political steering after NPM reforms in Finland
Performing in musicals
The development of information transferring processes : for managing the machine's specification and engineering changes
Introduction to counseling and guidance ; Robert L. Gibson, Marianne H. Mitchell
Worldview in counselling : school counsellor students' experiences of approaching worldview.
Guiding your student teacher
Lifelong guidance policies: Work in progress : a report on the work of the European Lifelong Guidance Policy Network 2008-10
Instructional work in textile craft : studies of interaction, embodiment and the making of objects
Remote maintenance and development of home automation applications
NordYrk : Nordic journal of vocational education and training
Utilising the concept of mobility management in a public administrative organisation
Ships and marine engines. Vol. 2 100, Resistance, propulsion and steering of ships : behaviour of ships in waves
GSM Remote Control Heater
Clinical handbook of pastoral counseling. Volume 1
The constraints management handbook
Schools in partnership : current initiatives in school-based teacher education
Ward Leonard control system
Dark and light - councellors for uncertain times : IAEVG, 5-8 February 1998 Tampere, Finland : programme & abstracts & participant list
The Sage handbook of governance
Remote control of district heating valves : Commissioning of actuator valves with Modbus
"With all the spices, please!" : a study of the students in the Finnish study programmes using Finnish as their second language
Skills in person-centred counselling & psychotherapy
Learn, understand and communicate - tools for good patient education with a multicultural patient : A Literature Review
Consultancy skills for mission and ministry
Ice hockey instructor's guide for EC Dornbirner Bulldogs
Personal development in counsellor training
Counseling : a comprehensive profession
Boundless value creation : strategic management accounting in value system configuration
The global manufacturing revolution : product-process-business integration and reconfigurable systems
Becoming a social worker : a guide for students
The sources of economic growth
Lean applications in shop floor layout design
European lifelong guidance policies : progress report 2013-14 : a report on the work of the European Lifelong Guidance Policy Network 2013-14
WARD LEONARD CONTROL SYSTEM
You stand there : making music video
Abstract: This final project was realised in co-operation with the Ageing Migrants-activity, which functions under The Central Union for the Welfare of the Aged. This is a functional final project, which consists of a handbook for the instructors working with elderly Somalis in Finland with the aim of supporting the empowerment of the clients. The instructor's handbook is designed to be used together with a handbook for elderly Somalis.    The theoretical framework was empowerment through awakening. This report explains how empowerment and the instructor's role together with the product of the final project can help the elderly Somalis to cope in certain everyday situations in Finland. The report explains the process of the handbooks; initial planning, making, testing, evaluating, finalizing, marketing and distributing it as well as future possibilities of the product.    The client's handbook was done according to simplified language principles by using Finnish and Somali. It was desined to be used both with illiterate and literate clients. The instructor's handbook includes the same material as the client's handbook and instructions for implimenting the group sessions.    The results of testing the handbooks showed that the product supports the empowerment of elderly Somalis. Future possibilities would be to translate the handbooks into different languages and to change them to suit different cultures for using the product with other client groups.
Coaching for women entrepreneurs
ORGANIZATIONAL CAPABILITIES FOR STRATEGIC LEADERSHIP IN WELL-KNOWN LOGISTICS COMPANIES IN FINLAND
System design optimization for product manufacturing
Achieving Business Process Improvement through Knowledge Management : A case study with ABB Marine and Cranes, Finland
Introductory counseling skills
Methods for Automated Civil Construction Production Control
On dynamics of sensors and final control elements in process control
Interprofessional training in diabetes and obesity policlinics in primary health care
Guidance : techniques for individual apparaisal and development
Cross cultural awareness and social justice in counseling
Inclusive cultural empathy : making relationships central in counseling and psychotherapy
Tracing the roles of the PBL tutor : A journey of learning
Effectiveness of counselling and guidance on physical functioning after stroke : a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials
Building sci-fi moviescapes : the science behind the fiction
Automation of Measurements for a Radio Frequency Transmitter and Receiver
Handbook of motivational counseling : goal-based approaches to assessment and intervention with addiction and other problems
Rational emotive behavioural counselling in action
Controlling a Robotic Arm manipulator with a PLC
Documentaries : ... and how to make them
Aerobics instructor manual : the resource for group fitness instructors
This study explores dialogical mentoring and is part of a larger research project begun in 2009. It was designed and carried out in Finland, in the School of Vocational Teacher Education, a unit of the Oulu University of Applied Sciences. The empirical data were collected from mentors and mentees during the teacher practice period. Dialogical mentoring is a process where both novice and experienced teachers can learn something new. Dialogue involves the participants' willingness to put forward and share new ideas. This study attempts to clarify the main characteristics of true dialogical mentoring process in teaching practice. According to the findings, the main characteristics in mentoring the teaching practice are: equal encounter and mutual appreciation of competence, mutual learning and growth of competence.
Counselling in a nutshell
Career Development and Counseling, Second Edition focuses on scientifically based career theories and practices, including those derived from research in other disciplines. Driven by the latest empirical and practical evidence, this text offers the most in-depth, far-reaching, and comprehensive career development and counseling resource available. The Second Edition includes new chapters on gender, race/ethnicity, social class and poverty, sexual minority identity, disability status, personality, and relational factors.
Counseling and guidance : a summary view
The basics of...radio control model cars
Thesis supervision experienced by students in international master's degree programmes in Finland
Corporate Governance in China
Restoring corporate governance to lawyers : an attempt at corporate normative jurisprudence as an alternative to the reign of law and economics
Handbook for undergraduate research advisors
The student guide to counselling & psychotherapy approaches
Imagine, desire, act - succesful counselling : a case study of the youth support project
Convergence of national corporate governance systems : localizing and fitting the transplants
Fault-tolerant flight control and guidance systems : practical methods for small unmanned aerial vehicles
Teacher supervision and evaluation : theory into practice
Roborally
IT solutions for supply chain integration
Radio-controlled models : design and construction
Directing and producing for television : a format approach
Chess : The making of a musical
Aerodynamics for naval aviators
IMPROVE : Guide for Validation of Career Guidance Practitioners' Competence
Preparing for ERP Implementation : Case: Enersize Oy
The counsellor's workbook : developing a personal approach
