http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p19194 soundproofing
soundproofing
Uncertainty of impact sound insulation measurements in field
Master handbook of audio production : a guide to standards, equipment, and system design
Insulation handbook
Experimental and predictive methods for improving the sound insulation of lightweight building elements
Home recording studio : build it like the pros
Building design using cold formed steel sections : acoustic insulation
Low-frequency footfall noise in multi-storey timber frame buildings
Implementation of the new ISO 717 building acoustic rating methods in Europe
Creative recording. 3, acoustics, soundproofing and monitoring
Acoustics : measurement of sound insulation in buildings and of building elements. Part 6, Laboratory measurements of impact sound insulation of floors
Acoustics : measurement of sound insulation in buildings and of building elements. Part 3, Laboratory meausurements of airborne sound insulation of building elements
Acoustics and sound insulation : principles, planning, examples
The customer of this project is Dometalot Ltd company. It is a Finnish construction company specialized in the creating and building of individual passive houses. The type of this thesis is research task. The goal of this research is to measure and comparethe sound insulation characteristics of different types of Dometalot’s wall structures and one basic wall structure. The research in this thesis is divided into two parts. The first of them is an analysis of standards by the International Organization for Standardization. The description and analysis of the research is presented in the second part of this thesis. The method of measurement of airborne sound insulation of internal wall is the consistent measurement and comparison of the average sound pressure level on the premises.The main used materials are standards ISO 10140. The drawings of the walls were created with AutoCAD program. The company can use the results of the research in the future to improve their wall structures.
The hydraulic trainer. Volume 3, Planning and design of hydraulic power systems : a training manual for the planning and design of hydraulic power systems
Sound insulation of multi-storey houses : summary of impact sound insulation
The visual handbook of building and remodeling : a comprehensive guide to choosing the right materials and systems for every part of your home
Sound insulation indices : a proposal for revision of ISO 717
Measurements of sound insulation in passive wall
Airborne sound insulation of wall structures : measurement and prediction methods
The sub-marine world of the Oasis-class
Environmental science in building
Acoustic properties of wooden floor slabs
Sound insulation
Sound insulating structures of beam-to-column framed wooden apartment buildings
Building acoustics
Detail practice : Insulating materials - principles, materials, applications
Environmental Science in Building covers the science, technology and services that relate to the comfort of humans and the environmental performance of buildings. This popular text is designed to be useful, at all levels, to students and practitioners of architecture, construction studies, building services, surveying, and environmental science. This edition has been thoroughly updated and the contents reorganised to ensure optimum presentation and understanding of topics. The contents include: climate and the built, environment, human environmental comfort, insulation and energy use in buildings, air control in buildings, artificial and natural lighting, noise control and sound insulation, electricity generation and supply, water supplies and waste water treatment, carbon and energy management in construction, resource conservation and sustainability in construction, sick buildings and green buildings. Key features are: Clear and accessible text layout for ease of use, Clear explanations of principles and technologies, Up-to-date practice and world-wide trends incorporated, Minimum prior knowledge of science and mathematics assumed, Worked examples displayed and explained step-by-step, Large resource sections of supporting information and references.
Studies of sound insulation problems in different construction elements on elastic foundations
