http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1914 nuclear power plants
nuclear power plants
Plant transients in shutdown/startup conditions
Nuclear energy in Finland
Baltica VIII : life management and maintenance for power plants : Helsinki - Stockholm - Helsinki, 18-20 May, 2010. Vol. 1
Crisis without end : the medical and ecological consequences of the Fukushima nuclear catastrophe / edited by Helen Caldicott
Monitoring radionuclides in the vicinities of finnish nuclear power plants in 1995 and 1996
Operation of Finnish nuclear power plants : quarterly report. First quarter, 1989
An appraisal of UK energy research, development, demonstration & dissemination
Affordances in smart environments : affordances in nuclear power station control room-
A concept of safety indicator system for nuclear power plants
Operation of Finnish nuclear power plants : quarterly report, annual summary 1993.
On severe accident hydrogen behaviour in Loviisa
Silence deafening : Fukushima fallout ... mother's response
Operation of Finnish nuclear power plants : quarterly report : 2nd quarter 1993.
Experiences from the LNPP-P&DSA review : lessons learned from RBMK safety studies
General description of the PACTEL test facility
Chernobyl prayer : a chronicle of the future
Evaluation of incident analysis practices in the Finnish nuclear power industry
The Leningrad Nuclear Power Plant : a general description
Radioactivity and wildlife
Quality control for overcoring stress measurement data
The doomsday machine : the high price of nuclear energy, the world's most dangerous fuel
Operation of Finnish nuclear power plants : quarterly report. 2nd quarter, 1992
The change in the concept of security after the Cold War : the case of environmental security problem of Sosnovyi Bor Nuclear Power Plant
Evaluation report of the Nordic emergency exercise Odin, November 26, 1993
Operation of Finnish nuclear power plants : quarterly report. Third quarter, 1988
Operation of Finnish nuclear power plants : quarterly report. 1st quarter, [1991]
YKÄ : research programme on nuclear power plant systems behaviour and operational aspects of safety 1990-1994 : final report
Environmental impact assessment report : extension of the Olkiluoto Nuclear Power Plant by a fourth unit
Chernobyl effects on domestic and inbound tourism in Sweden : a time series analysis
Operation of Finnish nuclear power plants : quarterly report. 1st quarter, 1992
Severe accident risks : an assessment for five U.S. nuclear power plants. Final summary report
Leningrad nuclear power plant : a summary description of the Leningrad plant
Power systems : conversations with David Barsamian on global democratic uprisings and the new challenges to U.S. empire
Corrosion and alteration of nuclear materials
TRAP-MELT3 calculations on an intermediate LOCA at the Loviisa nuclear power plant
Evaluation of the Finnish nuclear safety research programme "SAFIR2014"
Studies of potential severe accidents in Finnish nuclear power plants
Chain reaction : expert debate and public participation in American commercial nuclear power, 1945-1975
A necessary end : an inspector Banks mystery
A researcher and nuclear energy advocate describes a number of nuclear mishaps, analyzing what happened and why and explains how each of these accidents have furthered the study of the atom and nuclear energy.
Where the dead pause, and the Japanese say goodbye : a journey
Nuclear power plant operator errors during simulator training
This short history of nuclear regulation provides a brief over-view of the most significant events in the U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission's past. Space limitations prevent discussion of all the important occurrences, and even the subjects that are included cannot be covered in full detail. The first chapter of this account is taken from George T. Mazuzan and J. Samuel Walker, Controlling the Atom: The Beginnings of Nuclear Regulation, 1946-1962 (University of California Press, Berkeley, CA, 1984). The second chapter is largely based on J. Samuel Walker, Containing the Atom: Nuclear Regulation in a Changing Environment, 1963-1971 (University of California Press, Berkeley, CA, 1992). The third chapter is adopted in significant part from J. Samuel Walker, Three Mile Island: A Nuclear Crisis in Historical Perspective (University of California Press, Berkeley, CA, 2004). The findings and conclusions on events that occurred after 1979 should be regarded as preliminary and tentative; they are not based on extensive research in primary sources.
Construction of nuclear power and extension to a final disposal repository for spent nuclear fuel
Nuclear safety : a Community approach
Operation of Finnish nuclear power plants : quarterly report, 2nd quarter 1997
Operation of Finnish nuclear power plants : quarterly report, 4th quarter 1998
Fortification, spa, and nuclear power station
Listening to the voices of dissent : How are anti-nuclear actors portrayed in Helsingin Sanomat?
Evaluating systems usability in complex work : development of a systemic usability concept to benefit control room design
Baltica VIII : life management and maintenance for power plants, Helsinki-Stockholm-Helsinki, 18-20 May, 2010. Vol. 1
Intercultural crisis communication during the 2011 Fukushima nuclear disaster
Operation of Finnish nuclear power plants : quarterly report. Second quarter, 1988
For the good of society : public participation in the siting of nuclear and hydro power projects in Finland
Artificial intelligence in nuclear power plants : IAEA[IWG NPPCI specialists' meeting Helsinki]Vantaa, Finland, 10-12 October, 1989. Vol. 1
Operation of Finnish nuclear power plants : quarterly report. 2nd quarter, 1990
Strategy generator in computerized accident management support system
The disappeared
Epilithic algal assemblages in the Forsmark Biotest Basin : march 1984 - march 1985
The Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power station disaster : investigating the myth and reality
Operation of Finnish nuclear power plants : quarterly report, 4th quarter 1997
Operation of Finnish nuclear power plants : quarterly report, 4th quarter 1995
Operation of Finnish nuclear power plants : quarterly report. 4th quarter, 1991, and annual summary
Signalled and silenced aspects of nuclear safety : characteristics of Finnish nuclear safety regulations : SAFIR2014 final report : Finnish Research Programme on Nuclear Power Plant Safety (SAFIR) 2011-2014
Operation of Finnish nuclear power plants : quarterly report. 4th quarter, 1994, and annual summary
Operation of Finnish nuclear power plants : quarterly report. 3rd quarter, 1989
Living with Chernobyl : Ira's story
Artificial intelligence in nuclear power plants : IAEA[IWG NPPCI specialists' meeting Helsinki]Vantaa, Finland, 10-12 October, 1989. Vol. 2
Operation of Finnish nuclear power plants : quarterly report, 1st quarter 1996
Modelling the transport in the porous layer of oxide films formed on material surfaces in nuclear power plants : model extension to more general conditions
Nuclear systems. Vol. 1, Thermal hydraulic fundamentals
CCF analysis of BWR reactor shutdown systems based on the operating experience at the TVO I/II in 1981-1993
Operation of Finnish nuclear power plants : quarterly report. 4th quarter, 1992, and annual summary
Lappeenranta fifth Summer School on Heat Transfer 8.-11.8.1988. [Osa 2]
RATU : nuclear power plant structural safety research programme 1990-1994 : final report
Updating international nuclear law : papers derived from the Conference on the Human Right to a Sae and healthful Environment and the responsibilities Under International law of Operators of Nuclear Facilities, held in Salzburg, Austria, October 20-23, 2005
Abstract: Knowledge readiness of first responders in Finnish nuclear power plants.
Visit sunny Chernobyl : and other adventures in the world's most polluted places
Operation of Finnish nuclear power plants : quarterly report, 2nd quarter 1998
20 vuotta ydinsähköä Olkiluodosta = 20 years of nuclear electricity from Olkiluoto
Operation of Finnish nuclear power plants : quarterly report. 2nd quarter, 1989
Effects of UO2 fuel microstructure and density on fuel in-reactor performance
Perception of risk : studies of risk attitudes, perceptions and definitions
Pre-test analysis of the 4th IAEA standard problem exercise (secondary side "bleed & feed") with RELAP5/MOD3.1
Evaluation of severe accidents in Finnish nuclear power plants
Coolability of porous core debris beds : effects of bed geometry and multidimensional flooding
The architect in the nuclear age : design of buildings to house radioactivity
Operation of Finnish nuclear power plants : quarterly report, 3rd quarter 1995. 3rd quarter 1995
Proceedings of Fifth International Seminar on Horizontal Steam Generators
Sustainable nuclear power
Seismic design for nuclear power plants
Operation of Finnish nuclear power plants : quarterly report. 3rd quarter, [1990]
The star Chernobyl
Chernobyl : the end of the nuclear dream
Operation of Finnish nuclear power plants : quarterly report. Fourth quarter, 1987 and the annual summary
3.11 : disaster and change in Japan
Standing Conference on Health and Safety in the Nuclear Age : Second meeting: Informing the public on improvements in emergency preparedness and nuclear accident management : proceedings of a conference held in Brussels, 5 and 6 December 1989
Molten core : concrete interactions in nuclear accidents : theory and design of an experimental facility
Operation of Finnish nuclear power plants : quarterly report, 4th quarter 1996
Ykä : nuclear power plant systems behaviour and operational aspects of safety : evaluation of research programme 1990-1992
Operation of Finnish nuclear power plants : quarterly report. 4th quarter, 1989 and annual summary
RODOS : decision support system for off-site nuclear emergency management in Europe : final project report
Nuclear Tycoon : designing simulation rethoric for a persuasive game
Operation of Finnish nuclear power plants : quarterly report. 4th quarter, 1990 and annual summary
Nuclear power plants in Russia
Operation of Finnish nuclear power plants : quarterly report, 2nd quarter 1996
RATU : nuclear power plant structural safety research programme : interim report 1990-1991
International forum "Nuclear and biological decommissioning: management of global security threats", Landau Network - Centro Volta, Villa Olmo, Como, Italy 27-28 June 1997
Know the risk : learning from errors and accidents : safety and risk in today's technology
Japan's disaster governance : how was the 3.11 crisis managed?
Operation of Finnish nuclear power plants : quarterly report. 2nd quarter, 1991
IVO participation in IAEA benchmark for VVER-type nuclear power plants seismic analysis and testing
All that is solid melts into air
Decisions of the Council of State on the general regulations for physical protection (396/91) and for emergency response arrangements (397/91) at nuclear power plants
Risk communication and risk perception : the case of nuclear power public debate in Lithuania
Safety improvements of Loviisa NPP : review of the history, current status and future perspectives
Operation of Finnish nuclear power plants : quarterly report, 1st quarter 1997
Water coolant technology of power reactors : an AEC monograph. Paul Cohen
The rise of nuclear fear
Nuclear terrorism
Nuclear energy research strategy
Dynamic response of certain structures to random excitation of turbulent flow type
Supplementing the Loviisa Nuclear Power Plant with a third plant unit : environmental impact assessment report
Fukushima effect : a new geopolitical terrain
Modelling the transport in the porous layer of oxide films formed on material surfaces in nuclear power plants : a BWR case study
A synthesis of hydrogen behaviour in severe reactor accidents
Ferriittis-austeniittinen valuteräs ydinvoimalatarkoituksiin = Austenitic-ferretic cast steel for nuclear power reactor
Homecoming
RATU2 : The Finnish Research Programme on the Structural Integrity of Nuclear Power Plants : synthesis of achievements 1995-1998, Espoo, 7 December, 1998
Development of a parametric containment event tree model for a severe PWR accident
The Arctic nuclear challenge
Safety assessment of the Loviisa nuclear power plant : statement regarding the licence application by Fortum Power and Heat Oy concerning the operation of the Loviisa nuclear power plant
Probabilistic trajectory and dose analysis for Finland due to hypothetical radioactive releases at Sosnovyy Bor
Regulatory control of nuclear safety in Finland : annual report 1998
Fukushima : impacts and implications
Chernobyl effects and dental insurance
Air/water countercurrent flow limitation experiments with full-scale fuel bundle structures
Nuclear science and society
Concerning some legal aspects of the nuclear catastrophe in Chernobyl
Human errors related to maintenance and modifications
Reliability methods in nuclear power plant ageing management
The price of nuclear power : uranium communities and environmental justice
Atomic accidents : a history of nuclear meltdowns and disasters : from the Ozark Mountains to Fukushima
Validation studies of thermal-hydraulic code for safety analysis of nuclear power plants
Safety precautions in Swedish animal husbandry in the event of nuclear power plant accidents
Selected studies on steam explosions
Operation of Finnish nuclear power plants : quarterly report, 1st quarter 1998
Radiation dose to Finnish Lapps : comparison of effects of fallout from atmospheric nuclear weapons tests and from the Chernobyl accident
Feasibility studies of computed tomography in partial defect detection of spent BWR fuel : a status report on task no. 98 (FIN-A05) of the Finnish Support Programe to IAEA Safeguards
Application for a government decision-in-principle regarding the construction of a nuclear power plant as referred to in Section 11 of the Nuclear Energy Act (990/1987)
Decisions of the Council of State on the general regulations for the safety of nuclear power plants (395/91) and of a disposal facility for reactor waste (398/91) : unofficial translation
Safety evaluation by living probabilistic safety assessment and safety indicators : final report of the Nordic Nuclear Safety Research Project SIK-1
BWR stability analysis
Operation of Finnish nuclear power plants : quarterly report, first quarter 1993.
Risk measures in living probabilistic safety assessment
Annals of the ICRP
Lappeenranta fourth Summerschool on Heat Transfer 10.-13.8.1987. Osa 2
Plant modifications of general interest carried out at Loviisa nuclear power plant to improve safety
Plant modifications of general interest carried out at Olkiluoto nuclear power plant to improve safety
From the dozens of American bombs that went missing during the Cold War, to the misuse and misunderstanding of Rickover's nuclear submarine model, to full-scale meltdowns at Windscale, Three Mile Island, Chernobyl, and Fukushima, Mahaffey brings new insight into these catastrophes and reveals where scientists and engineers went wrong.
"Seeking consolation [after the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant disaster of 2011], Mockett is guided by a colorful cast of Zen priests and ordinary Japanese who perform rituals that disturb, haunt, and finally uplift her. Her journey leads her into the radiation zone in an intricate white hazmat suit; to Eiheiji, a school for Zen Buddhist monks; on a visit to a Crab Lady and Fuzzy-Headed Priests temple on Mount Doom; and into the 'thick dark' of the subterranean labyrinth under Kiyomizu temple, among other twists and turns"
Operation of Finnish nuclear power plants : quarterly report. 3rd quarter, 1991
Operation of Finnish nuclear power plants : quarterly report. First quarter, 1988
Severe accident analysis : final report of the Project NKA-AKTI-130
Nuclear power in the CMEA member countries
Development of a parametric containment event tree model for a severe BWR accident
RODOS users' group: final project report : contract number: F14P-CT98-0075
Rewet-II and Rewet-III facilities for PWR LOCA experiments
Emergency preparedness exercises for nuclear facilities : preparation, conduct and evaluation
Belarus : from Soviet rule to nuclear catastrophe
Oil pool fire in a large turbine hall : CFD simulation
Operation of Finnish nuclear power plants : quarterly report. 1st quarter, 1990
Operation of Finnish nuclear power plants : quarterly report, 2nd quarter 1999
A short history of nuclear regulation, 1946-2009
Olkiluodon vierailukeskuksen näyttely = Visitors centre at Olkiluoto
