http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p19198 social pedagogy
social pedagogy
QuickSilver : adventure games, initiative problems, trust activities and a guide to effective leadership
Legitimacy of the German concept social pedagogy : a social-epistemological analysis
Social pedagogy : heart and head
International Journal of Social Pedagogy
Perspectives and theory in social pedagogy
"Bringing a different world into existence - Action Research as a trigger for innovations" was the overarching theme and vision of the international CARN Conference 2011 in Vienna. The chapters in this book are drawn mainly from conference contributions. The authors share practical knowledge which has arisen from their work, and reflect on development processes in schools, in teacher education and professional development, social work, social pedagogy, health care and community development. This book offers what some critics believe has been missing in recent action research literature, namely first person accounts of action researchers who endeavour to change working conditions and social relations in their environment through the conduct of action research. This book is also distinguished by assembling contributions from people who are linking action research to a broad diversity of differing contexts, and who are exploring topics or issues across various applications of action research.
"The term 'public pedagogy' is given a variety of definitions and meanings by those who employ it. It is often used without adequately explicating its meaning, its context, or its location within differing and contested articulations of the construct. Problematizing Public Pedagogy brings together renowned and emerging scholars in the field of education to provide a theoretical, methodological, ethical, and practical ground from which other scholars and activists can explore these forms of education. At the same time it increases the viability of the concept of public pedagogy itself. Beyond adding a multifaceted set of critical lenses to the genre of public pedagogy inquiry and theorizing, this volume adds nuance to the broader field of education research overall"--
Social pedagogy in the UK : theory and practice
Diversity and difference in early childhood education : issues for theory and practice
Social pedagogy is an innovative discipline that supports children's upbringing and overall development by focusing on the child as a whole person. It has been described as where education and care meet or as 'education in its broadest sense'. This book provides a comprehensive overview of the theory, principles and practice of social pedagogy and the profession of social pedagogue. With chapters from leading international contributors, it outlines the roots of social pedagogy and its development in Europe, and its role in relation to individuals, groups, communities and societies. Also covered is how it applies in practice to working with children and young people in a variety of settings, including children in care and in need of family support, and its potential future applications.
Social pedagogy for the entire lifespan. Volume II
Communication skills for working with children and young people : introducing social pedagogy
The pedagogy of recognition : dancing identity and mutuality
Whether in their homes, schools, streets, parks, in children's centres or cyberspace, children and young people live their lives in spaces which impact on their language and concepts, and on their social worlds and relationships. This important and innovative text provides a new framework for thinking about how relationships are developed with children and young people in the spaces they inhabit. Drawing on a wide range of perspectives, it analyses how spaces are negotiated, produced and experienced by children and young people. It offers clear guidance on how practitioners can use spaces productively to form and maintain working relationships with children and young people. In particular the book: a- assesses how places and spaces influence and are influenced by children and young people a- situates the development of work with children and young people within the thinking and values associated with social pedagogy, an approach to practice favoured in Continental Europe and attracting much interest in the UK a- advocates democratic practice and includes methods for participatory practice-led research. An illuminating anthology of readings with a truly multidisciplinary and holistic approach, this is an essential text for students and practitioners working or intending to work with children, young people and their families. It also makes insightful reading for those with broader theoretical interests in social science, psychology and human geography.
Intercultural adaptation as a dialogical learning process : motivational factors among the short-term and long-term migrants
On Helena Radlińska's social pedagogy and Florian Znaniecki's sociology of education
Adventure for life : perspectives on issues in experiential education
The evaluator's cookbook : exercises for participatory evaluation with children and young people
Understanding literacy in its historical contexts : socio-cultural history and the legacy of Egil Johansson
Environment and upbringing as percept to child's future
Working with children in care : European perspectives
The competent teacher 2010-2020 : the competences of teaching staff in upper secondary vocational education and training : final report
How to support volunteers in multicultural context? : guidebook for volunteers in international evangelical church
Literature as an educational tool for enhancing emancipatory learning : a literary analysis of the Mozambican writer Paulina Chiziane's novel Niketche
The diversity of social pedagogy in Europe
Early Interaction in Kiasma's Babies Play with Colour Workshops : A Survey on Parents' Perceptions
Problematizing public pedagogy
Empowering photography : a social pedagogical peer support project for third culture kids
Analysing community work : its theory and practice
From children's services to children's spaces : public policy, children and childhood
Applied theatre : international case studies and challenges for practice
Equine Assisted Activities in Finland : The current situation from the point of view of the people working in the field
"Playing with the professional musician is the best way to learn” : workshop-based on-the-job learning in the vocational education of musicians.
Contemporary perspectives on social learning in early childhood education
European journal of social education : a periodical of FESET = Journal européen d'education sociale : revue de FESET
Pedagogy of the oppressed ; Paulo Freire
Practical social pedagogy : theories, values and tools for working with children and young people
Promoting change through action research
Leffajengi : social pedagogy in church early youth work
The social construction of learning and teaching in a classroom community of inquiry
This introductory text discusses the development of social pedagogy as an academic discipline and explores its influence on UK debates about welfare practice. The book provides the theoretical structure for understanding: the potential of social pedagogy in UK welfare practice * how key ideas from within social pedagogy can be linked to ideas of inclusion, creativity, and personalization * the impact of power relations on the social pedagogic relationship * the importance of creativity in building inclusive practice. Focusing on practice situations within which social pedagogy can be seen to be effective, the book provides a background to the introduction of social pedagogy in the UK. It investigates how European and UK services could benefit from a better mutual understanding of what each other does. It also discusses how social pedagogy can contribute to other areas of practice, including youth work, adult social care, and community development.
Program for social education : evaluation report of the project in Rio de Janeiro
The recontextualisation of social pedagogy : a study of three curricula in the Netherlands, Norway and Ireland
Social contexts of early education, and reconceptualizing play (II)
Madsen's flower multicultural reflections : in the Degree programme of social services from graduated students' point of view
Biographical observations on active citizenship learning in Finland
Rethinking residential child care : positive perspectives
Aiming for the best public service: Kelaʼs customer advisorsʼ perceptions on the Paste modeled customer service
This dynamic, energetic book systematically brings together the major developments in the social and political theory of education. It offers a global introduction to the major debates within the field and provides a sustained argument for a democratic and normative view of education. It provides a comprehensive view of the major disputes within social, cultural and political approaches to education. Drawing upon varied critical traditions the book helpfully connects these diverse threads of debate whilst exploring the work of key theorists. Areas explored include: • democratic notions of education, • cosmopolitanism, • multiculturalism, • pragmaticism, • critical pedagogy, • democratic socialism • liberalism. Clearly written and passionately argued this book will be essential reading for all those interested in exploring education's changing place in society.
Global Education From a Teachers' Perspective
Together in music : music clubs for people with learning disabilities
Psykososiaalisen työn kehittämisestä elämäntaitojen tukemiseen : Lifelong Learning and Knowledge Management koulutuksen lopputyö Windmill-tiimi 19.5.1999
Children and young people's spaces : developing practice
Learning to fly : social pedagogy in a contemporary society
Starting from the heart
Labeling : pedagogy and politics
Human action and personality : essays in honour of Martti Takala on the occasion of his sixtieth birthday 20 December 1984
Social pedagogy and working with children and young people : where care and education meet
Maailman ihanin tyttö = The loveliest girl in the world
Meeting the needs of children with disabilities : families and professionals facing the challenge together
Advances in social-psychology and music education research
Social pedagogy for the entire lifespan. Volume I
Ethics education in social work
Human rights game : designing an activating board game for young people about human rights from a gender perspective
Pedagogy of the city
Performance ethnography : critical pedagogy and the politics of culture
Education and cultural citizenship
