http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p19169 military laws
military laws
Parliamentary oversight of the exceptional situations in a presidential system : debating the reassertion of the constitutional powers of the US Congress
Emergency legislation in Finland
Les forces armées dans une société en mutation quelques problémes juridiques : dixiéme congrés international Garmisch-Prtenkirchen (BRD) 2-7 Octobre 1985 = The armed forces in a changing society : some legal problemes : tenth international congress Garmisch-Partenkirchen (BRD) 2-7 October 1985.
Three books on the law of war and on the duties connected with war and on military discipline
In the Hebrew Bible, war is a prominent topic which is dealt with in both legal and narrative texts. So far, the interplay between the two areas has received only little attention. This volume explores the impact of biblical war legislation on war accounts in the Hebrew Bible and in Early Jewish Literature. It provides case studies which show the importance of the topic and shed new light on redaction- and reception-historical developments.
The juridical unconscious : trials and traumas in the twentieth century
The law of armed conflict : into the next millenium
The law of war : a documentary history
Diversity in secondary rules and the unity of international law
The complete illustrated guide to the presidents of America : an authoritative history of the American presidency, shown in more than 460 photographs and illustrations
The United States : a companion to American studies
The laws of war in the late Middle Ages
The battlefield Algeria1988-2002 : studies in a broken polity
International law and military operations
Philosophy, morality, and international affairs : essays edited for the Society for Philosophy and Public Affairs
Access to justice as a human right
Voimankäytön oikeutus : selvitys eduskunnan ulkoasiainvaliokunnalle : huhtikuu 2002 = Legal grounds for the use of force : a commentary submitted to the Foreign relations committee of the Parliament : April 2002.
International law and the use of force
Motives for humanitarian intervention and the international community
Computer network attack and international law
The biblical world. Vol. 1
Democracy and the global order : from the modern state to cosmopolitan governance
Final freedom : the Civil War, the abolition of slavery, and the Thirteenth Amendment
Implementation of international humanitarian law in Finnish law
Protection of the environment during armed conflict
The art of war
The Cuckoo's Calling
Law in humanitarian crises = Le droit face aux crises humanitaires. Volume 2 , Access to victims: right to intervene or right to receive humanitarian assistance? = L'accès aux victimes: droit d'ingérence ou droit à l'assistance humanitaire?
The 1949 Geneva Conventions : a commentary
Terrorism, the laws of war, and the Constitution : debating the enemy combatant cases
The cuckoo's calling
Democracy goes to war : British military deployments under international law
Lieber's code and the law of war
International criminal law. Vol. 1, Sources, subjects, and contents
The reception of biblical war legislation in narrative contexts : proceedings of the EABS research group "Law and Narrative"
Between Moses and Plato : individual and society in Deuteronomy and ancient Greek law
Revolution and counterrevolution in Poland, 1980-1989 : Solidarity, martial law, and the end of communism in Europe
Final solutions : mass killing and genocide in the twentieth century
Ethics of war and conflict
Levie on the law of war
The Handbook of the international law of military operations
War and peace in the law of Islam
British troops are increasingly deployed around the world. This book considers the different constitutional frameworks that operate at national & international levels within which troop deployments are made by the British government, & assesses whether mechanisms of democratic accountability can contribute to upholding international law.
Radical reform : Islamic ethics and liberation
War and the law of nations : a general history
The biblical world. Vol. 2
