http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p19176 Japonic languages
Japonic languages
Perspectives on sign language usage : papers from the Fifth International Symposium on Sign Language Research held in Salamanca, Spain, 25-30 May 1992. Volume 2
Language learning motivation in Japan
Semantic fields in sign languages : colour, kinship and quantification
A wild sheep chase
Interdisciplinary international workshop "Provenance of the Japanese language and the people with which an early stage of this language reached the Japanese island realm"
Stop perception in second language phonology : perception of English and Korean stops by Japanese speakers
Kannani : and Document of flames : two Japanese colonial novels
Deaf in Japan : Signing and the politics of identity
Sign languages in contact
Cultural patterns of knowledge creation : Finns and Japanese as engineers and poets
Interlanguage pragmatics : Compliment reponses by learners of japanese and english as a second language
The concept of possession is central to human experience. Thus the variety of ways in which we can "have" diverse items such as a family, an idea, or a headache is matched by a rich array of linguistic structures. An understanding of the full range of possible structural variation requires the study of languages in both natural modalities, signed and spoken, making this volume a very timely addition to research in the target domain. This volume summarises results from a large-scale typological investigation on possession and existence in 28 sign languages around the world. It includes detailed investigations of sign language data from Venezuela, Belgium, Jordan, Uganda, Japan, Austria, Catalonia, and the US, as well as two sign languages from "deaf villages", in Bali and in Ghana. Detailed data from village communities with a high incidence of hereditary deafness offer particularly fascinating insights and have never before featured in a comparative typological study. The volume also includes the full set of elicitation materials used for data collection in this cross-linguistic study, as well as a CD/DVD with video clips illustrating examples from the sign language data.
This volume collects for the first time various accounts of contact between sign languages throughout the world, presenting an exciting opportunity to further understand the structural and social factors of this linguistic component in Deaf communities. Editor David Quinto-Pozos has divided Sign Languages in Contact into four parts, starting with Contact in a Trilingual Setting. The sole essay in this section features a study of Maori signs by Rachel McKee, David McKee, Kirsten Smiler, and Karen Pointon that reveals the construction of indigenous Deaf identity in New Zealand Sign Language. In Part Two: Lexical Comparisons, Jeffrey Davis conducts an historic, linguistic assessment of varieties of North American Indian sign languages. Daisuke Sasaki compares the Japanese Sign Language lexicon with that of Taiwan Sign Language by focusing on signs that share the same meaning and all parameters except for their handshapes. Judith Yoel's chapter takes up the entirety of Part Three: Language Attrition, with her analysis of the erosion of Russian Sign Language among immigrants to Israel. The final part describes how educators and other foreign visitors can influence indigenous sign languages. Karin Hoyer delineates the effects of international sign and gesture on Albanian Sign Language. Jean Ann, Wayne H. Smith, and Chiangsheng Yu close this significant collection by assessing contact between Mainland China's sign language and Taiwan Sign Language in the Ch'iying School in Taiwan.
The Japanese brain : uniqueness and universality
Images of Japan and the Japanese : the representations of the Japanese culture in the popular literature targeted at the Western World in the 1980s-1990s
Invisible work : bilingualism, language choice, and childrearing in intermarried families
Culture shock! : a survival guide to customs and etiquette: Tokyo
This book synthesises current theory and research on L2 motivation in the EFL Japanese context covering topics such as the issues of cultural identity, demotivation, language communities, positive psychology, possible L2 selves and internationalisation within a key EFL context. The studies examine L2 motivation in primary, secondary and tertiary education utilising a wide variety of research methodologies to do so.
Presentation skills for quivering wrecks
Japanese in action : an unorthodox approach to the spoken language and the people who speak it
Word-order issues in sign language : working papers
Language and society in Japan
Possessive and existential construction in sign languages
Peru is a Spanish-speaking country that is known for its large population of ethnic Japanese, or Nikkei Peruvians. Japan has also many Peruvians. The author conducted a survey in the two famous Nikkei schools in Lima in order to shed light on how Japanese linguistic culture is transmitted in school education. These case studies confi rmed that the schools were trying to transmit the Japanese ethos by such means as teaching the way Japanese people greet one another. The author also revealed that even in Peru's key Nikkei schools, English teaching is prioritized over Japanese teaching. Moreover, it was revealed that non-Nikkei Peruvians play the important role in transmitting the Japanese language and culture in Peru..
Japanese proverbs and sayings
Interrogative and negative constructions in sign languages
Perspectives on sign language structure : Papers from the fifth international symposium on sign language research. Vol. 1. Salamanca, Spain 25-30 May 1992
Berlin express
Japan : a survival guide to customs and etiquette
Language acquisition by eye
Rivalry : a geisha's tale
Second language proficiency, foreign language aptitude, and intelligence : quantitative and qualitative analyses
Semblance and signification
A study of the Japanese diaspora in Peru
Culture shock! : Japan
Strong in the rain : selected poems
Deaf around the world : the impact of language
Demotivation in second language acquisition : insights from Japan
Japanese business dictionary
Japan today! : a westener's guide to the people, language and culture of Japan
Beyond Japanese social values : trend and cross-national perspectives
