http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1919 package holidays
package holidays
Tjäreborg's hiking tour in Madeira – an ecotourism product?
Travel agency practice
Selling tourism services at a distance : an analysis of the EU consumer acquis
Contemporary tourist experience : concepts and consequences
The research on customer satisfaction begun in the 1960's by Cardozo. During the 1980's, customer satisfaction became a popular field of study. Since then, the environment of the consumer marketplace has altered significantly. Valuing the customer and ensuring his/her satisfaction has become an obligatory part of today's aggressive business environment. In our technologically advanced global economy, competing organizations can easily copy another organization's product and price. On the other hand, competitors aren't able to duplicate another organization's customer relationships. In addition, organizations are encountering a more highly-educated customer that is aware of the various services and levels of quality that are obtainable. Therefore the key ingredient of ongoing success is the ability to satisfy customers.  Majorca and Costa del Sol, Spain are both old and traditional destinations that the tour operators have been selling for decades. Especially Majorca has tried to do a face lift over the past years with different kind of environment programs and policies. The premise here is to find out why are these destinations still offered by the tour operators and are they considered attractive these days, in other words, is it profitable to keep them in the selection.  The research problem of the thesis is: What makes customers of the tour operator Tjäreborg satisfied or unsatisfied with the package tours made to Majorca and Costa del Sol, Spain. Thus, the aim is: To examine the satisfaction vs. dissatisfaction of the customers of Tjäreborg with the package tours made to Majorca and Costa Del Sol.   It was considered that the best way to experiment this problem was to use the quantitative position in the thesis. The essence of quantitative research is the study of the relationships between variables. In this research a non-experimental, survey research method and design are used and the instrument used in the study is a questionnaire. The sample was drawn for practical reasons from the population of internet bookers that have made package tours to Majorca and Costa Del Sol. The size of sample was 400 and Tjäreborg sent an e-mail containing the link of the questionnaire to the respondents, from which 246 filled and returned the questionnaire.   The results indicate that the people traveling to these destinations are not tourists but vacationers according to their expectations and motives for traveling.  The overall satisfaction of the trip was rather high -the mean being 4,02 (on the five point Likert scale - 1 = very unsatisfied and 5 = very satisfied) compared to the scores of the individual variables, which leave a lot of room for improvement.
This is a project based Thesis.  It is about developing a package using the Bomas of Kenya as the main tourist destination. The Bomas of Kenya was started by the government of Kenya in 1971 as wholly owned subsidiary of the Kenya tourist development cooperation (KTDC).  The company was established to preserve, maintain and promote the rich diverse cultural values of various ethnic groups of Kenya and to act as a tourist attraction centre. Thus Bomas of Kenya is expected to preserve the authenticity of Kenya cultural values and to portray them in pure form.    Today tourism organisations face an increasing difficulty in the highly saturated market.    Consumers are eyeing service quality wherever they go. The main objective is to develop a new cultural tourism product offer for the Finnish market.     Findings from the secondary data were reported information from the websites, books, journals and articles. They were analysed to provide detailed information to the Finnish tourists.  The package features three main elements: all-inclusive, excellent service and quality for age group 55-65. These are elements intended to make the product feasible, therefore improving business financial performance.    If hospitality companies can implement and manage the package concept adequately by doing further research. Then the package would lead to excellent service provision and profitability in the hospitality industry.
Enabling experiences : the role of tour operators and tour leaders in creating and managing package tourism experiences
This product development thesis focuses on the design of three preliminary package tour options for commissioning company, Oy-Aurinkomatkat-Suntours Ltd, in each of the following African countries: The Republic of Namibia, Madagascar and the Republic of Libya. These packages are targeted and designed for specific target group; families and middle aged travellers for a period of seven, ten and fourteen days. The purpose of the thesis was to study the destinations and outline their potential in terms of developing the package tours. The theoretical framework of the thesis describes the development process of a tourism pruduct and relevant theory on destination management. The empirical part describes the devolpment of packages as well as gives an inside into the destinations. Results from a survey conducted by the means of a questionnaire at the ITB fair in Berlin in March 2010 is presented in the study. As a result, each destinations potential as a tourism destination was evaluated and the preliminary packacke tour suggestions were designed based on the preconditions set for the thesis. In conclusion, the thesis is hoped to have a significance in the designing process for the commissioning company in their future endeauvors.
Tourism, performance and the everyday : consuming the Orient
Product development : case: escorted tour to Namibia and Cape Town for tour operator Aventura
Customer satisfaction in the package tours made to Majorca and Costa del Sol, Spain : company: Tjäreborg
Hospitality and health : issues and developments
Modern mass tourism
Cultures of mass tourism : doing the Mediterranean in the age of banal mobilities
Introductory guide to European markets : 2000.
Destination image of Spain - the cases of Aurinkomatkat, Finnmatkat  and Tjäreborg
Differences in Customers’ Purchase Decision Motivations between Early and Late Bookings of a Package Holiday
Competitive analysis of travel packages to New York City
The tourist gaze
The development of Italian package tour production to Finland in 1997-2004
Tourism and mobilities : local - global communities
Abstract.
Critical debates in tourism
Trends and Issues in Global Tourism 2012
Managing packaged tourism : relationships, responsibilities and service quality in the inclusive holiday industry
Trends and issues in global tourism 2012
Growing older : tourism and leisure behaviour of older adults
Developing two new tours to Morocco under "Uniikki" label
Cultural package for Finnish tourists visiting Kenya
Developing a Holiday Package in Swedish Lapland
Package Tour for Chinese Tourists in Kathmandu
Tourism consumption and representation : narratives of place and self
Developing international marketing for a geopark packaged tour for the Hong Kong market
Designing a package tour for Suntours Ltd : The Republic of Namibia, Madagascar and The Republic of Libya
Developing International Marketing for a Geopark Packaged Tour for the Hong Kong market
Arctic adventure : Development of a template for travel package in the north for european tourists
The aim of my thesis is to create two separate travel packages to Morocco for travel agency Aventura Latina Ltd in Helsinki Finland. The target group for both of these tours is Finnish travelers whom wish to experience both culture and relaxation on their holiday. This thesis is a product-based work and the result is two separate tour descriptions. The thesis is built on the theories where different travel product types, sustainable tourism and quality control in a developing country such as Morocco are discussed based on the relevant literature. The product aims to adhere to and implement these theories in the product development. The theory discusses the characteristics of product types and product planning. Other theories in this thesis discuss sustainable tourism in the travel industry, the global sustainability criteria for tourism and the benefits of sustainable tourism for tourism business and the industry as a whole. Furthermore strategies for quality improvement in developing countries such as Morocco and the development of indigenous capabilities are examined. The results of the thesis work and the products are two different travel descriptions with two different accommodation options to Morocco. The tours can be found on Aventura Latina s internet site and as attachments in this thesis. Hence the products are suitable for the destination selection and meet the quality and sustainability criteria Aventura Latina Ltd have se to their products.  However, as demonstrated in the thesis theory part examining Morocco s current political, economical and social situation, it can be concluded the tours planned  for Morocco will find bigger customer segment in the future of tourism, when the political situation in Morocco will be more stable.
Accidental traders : Finnish tourists in the Soviet Union in the 1950s-1970s
Adding value to a hostel visit
Flight to the sun : the story of the holiday revolution
Rethinking mass tourism : professional discourses of contemporary mass tourism and destinations
On holiday : a history of vacationing
This book offers insights into important trends and future scenarios in the global tourism and travel industry. Besides the general topics (aviation and hospitality industry, destination management, marketing, and distribution management) it analyses current challenges and impacts resulting especially from developments in social media, corporate social responsibility and eco-mobility. Sustainability in the global tourism sector and particularly eco-mobility is one of the top themes to-be and therefore a focus of this book. Among the contributors to the book are well-known notabilities from institutions such as the UNWTO and top executives of various segments of the tourism and travel industry. The articles are based on presentations and panel discussions presented at the world´s largest tourism convention, the ITB Berlin Convention.
From pilgrimage to package tour : travel and tourism in the Third World
Advances in hospitality and leisure
From destination choice to sweet memories : a case study of father christmas holidays
Handbook of industrial, work and organizational psychology. Vol. 2, Organizational psychology
