http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p19154 piecework contracting
piecework contracting
Business relationships in road operation procurement : five case studies
Hundred years of experience : YIT 1912-
Global information technology outsourcing : in search of business advantage
Towards supplier partnerships in timber harvesting and transportation
Construction management fundamentals
Managing risks in the international growth business of Finnish construction contractors and building product suppliers
Construction project management : a complete introduction
Project procurement for infrastructure construction
Agricultural contracting in the United Kingdom
Be a successful building contractor
Abstract.
Further development of Finnish construction management contracts
Utilization of BIM in communication between main- an subcontractor in project management contracting
Entrepreneurship in the Welfare State : summary and conclusions
"Launch your career in construction management with this one-of-a-kind book. The construction management industry is expected to increase employment by 16 percent over the next decade. This second edition of a bestselling introduction to construction management walks you through each stage of the construction management process. Written from the constructor's perspective, this book will familiarize you with all the construction management fundamentals and how Building Information Modeling (BIM) is impacting the construction management profession. Covers interoperability of technology advances in the construction industry. Explains how BIM is challenging the traditional approach to project delivery and how this affects the constructor's role. Elaborates each stage of the design and construction process and the tasks associated with each of them. Shows step-by-step how to estimate project costs, administer contracts, manage job site and construction operations, plan and schedule a project, monitor project performance, manage project quality and safety, and assess project risks. Provides review questions at the end of each chapter to help enforce understanding. The tried-and-true project management principles presented in this book will help ensure you a successful start to your career."--
This straightforward and readable yet thorough textbook focuses on the role of the contractor, taking the reader from start to finish in a construction project - from the early developmental stage through bidding, selection of the contractor, construction itself, and close-out. A wide range of practical issues are explored and frequently asked questions answered.
Commercial management : theory and practice
