http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p19124 philosophers
philosophers
Structure of social theory
Zen and the art of motorcycle maintenance : an inquiry into values
International directory of philosophy and philosophers. 2009-2010
Plato in Sicily
Can (orchestral) music predict our future? : speech at the Nordic Orchestra Conference
Lives of the philosophers
Bertrand Russell : the passionate sceptic
The Encyclopedia of Political Thought contains over 900 A-Z entries on the most significant political thinkers, theories, concepts, ideas, and schools of thought. Available online or as an eight-volume print set, the Encyclopedia examines the history of political thought, contemporary political theory, and political philosophy. The entries range in size from shorter definitions and biographies to extended treatments of major topics and traditions. The Encyclopedia traces the evolution of political thinking from antiquity to the present and emphasizes the richness and diversity of the field's traditions.
Descartes and Spinoza on the love of God
Explanatory connections : electronic essays dedicated to Matti Sintonen
Certainty
The English utilitarians : in three volumes. Vol. 3, John Stuart Mill
Critical pedagogy in uncertain times : hope and possibilities
Socrates
Music as discourse : semiotic aventures in romantic music
The Blackwell guide to Hegel's phenomenology of spirit
Stanford encyclopedia of philosophy
In search of wisdom : one philosopher's journey
Gardening : philosophy for everyone : cultivating wisdom
The Nietzsche reader
Intelligence in the modern world : John Deweys philosophy
The heart of things : applying philosophy to the 21st century
On the affinities between Hume and Kierkegaard
Fifty key thinkers on history
The English utilitarians : in three volumes. Vol. 1, Jeremy Bentham
This volume presents the state of the art of philosophical practice worldwide from the perspectives of leading philosophical practitioners, both counselors and institutional consultants. Philosophical practice has developed in different directions in different parts of the world, with the focus in Europe and North America being mostly on client counseling and corporate consultancy, while in Asia it is more community-based and more closely aligned with psychotherapy. In all cases, philosophical practitioners strive to transcend the boundaries of academic philosophy and reach out to the public, to corporations, to the policy makers, to the medical, legal and many other professions. The chapters of this book illustrate both the breadth of philosophical practice and its various methodological directions, while, at the same time, showing how philosophy can be relevant to everyday life, not just for individuals, but for the economy, the government, international organizations, the helping and therapeutic professions, and the educational system. The volume is primarily a companion for students of applied philosophy on all levels, as well as for modern psychotherapists, educational professionals and academics. It is designed to support a variety of undergraduate and postgraduate courses in philosophy and applied psychology, ranging from ancient ethics to philosophical practice sui generis, or to the philosophy of psychology.
Routledge philosophy guidebook to Aristotle and the Metaphysics
Modern philosophy : a survey
Conversations on consciousness
Nietzsche and the north
[Luettelo akateemikko Georg Henrik von Wrightin saamista eripainoksista] = [Catalogue of Georg Henrik von Wright's Offprint Collection]
Routledge philosophy guidebook to Aristotle and the Politics
2500 years of Wisdom : sayings of the great masters
The global vision
Hope now : the 1890 interviews
One hundred philosophers : a guide to the world's greatest thinkers
The character of consciousness
How to Live : A Life of Montaigne in one question and twenty attempts at an answer
Nihilism : a philosophy based on nothingness and eternity
Essays : moral, political and literary
Philosophical letters
Aristotle
The life of Bertrand Russell
Ancient philosophy : a beginner's guide
A companion to analytic philosophy
Philosophical film worlds : can films themselves philosophize and if so, how can this be achieved and furthermore interpreted?
Kant for beginners
Conversations with Jean-Paul Sartre
The Choreographic
The midwife of Platonism : text and subtext in Plato's Theaetetus
Ludwig Wittgenstein : a comprehensive bibliography
Mindset : the new psychology of success
Nietzsche : the key concepts
Speculative everything : design, fiction, and social dreaming
Sophies world : A novel about the history of philo
Avicenna on subjectivity : a philosophical study
The ethics of Spinoza : the road to inner freedom
The autobiography of Bertrand Russell. (Volume III) : 1944-1967
A correspondence between John Sterling and Ralph Waldo Emerson
Philosophy : the classics
Spinoza on self-contentment
Hypatia's daughters : fifteen hundred years of women philosophers
Is Rancière anarchist? : an approach to Rancière's political thought
A critical exposition of the philosophy of Leibniz : with an appendix of leading passages
Song of the sea maid
Han ying duizhao Zhongguo zhehui mingzhu xuandu = Selected readings from famous Chinese philosophers
Fifty key contemporary thinkers : from structuralism to postmodernity
The universe in me - I in the universe : one for CMED philosophy and CMED philosophy for all
Practicing philosophy
Fifty major political thinkers
The scientific work of René Descartes (1596-1650)
Michael Walzer on recognition as a dominated good
Theory and reality : an introduction to the philosophy of science
The Leibniz-Clarke correspondence, together with extracts from Newton's Principia and Opticks
From Luther to Popper
12 modern philosophers
The Greek cynics
Bad music : the music we love to hate
Sartre : romantic rationalist
The autobiography of Bertrand Russell. Vol. 2, 1914-1944
What engineering scientists know and how they know it : towards understanding the philosophy of engineering science in Finland
The works of George Berkeley, bishop of Cloyne. 8, Letters
50 philosophy classics : thinking, being, acting, seeing : profound insights and powerful thinking from 50 key books
The invisible hand and science
An analysis of the concept of citizenship : legal, political and social dimensions
Eleanor Marx : A life
The philosophy of Spinoza : selected from his chief works
The works of George Berkeley, bishop of Cloyne. 5, Three letters to Thomas Prior : A letter to the rev. dr. Hales. Farther thoughts on tar-water. Varia
10 good questions about life and death
Plato and Charisma
Simone Weil : a sketch for a portrait
The story of philosophy
Plato's Theaetetus is an acknowledged masterpiece, and among the most influential texts in the history of epistemology. Since antiquity it has been debated whether this dialogue was written by Plato to support his familiar metaphysical doctrines, or represents a self-distancing from these. David Sedley's book offers a via media, founded on a radical separation of the author, Plato, from his main speaker, Socrates. The dialogue, it is argued, is addressed to readers familiar with Plato's mature doctrines, and sets out to show how these doctrines, far from being an abandonment of his Socratic heritage, are its natural outcome. The Socrates portrayed here is the same Socrates as already portrayed in Plato's early dialogues. While not a Platonist, he is exhibited - to put it in terms of an image made famous by this dialogue - as having been Platonism's midwife. In a comprehensive rereading of the text, Sedley tracks the ways in which Socrates is shown unwittingly preparing the ground for Plato's mature doctrines, and reinterprets the dialogue's individual arguments from this perspective. The book is addressed to all readers interested in Plato, and does not require knowledge of Greek.
Explaining practices
Fire in the mind : dialogues with J. Krishnamurti
Introducing existentialism
Leaders who changed the world
A history of ancient Greece in fifty lives
David Hume (1711-1776), philosopher, historian, and essayist, is widely considered to be Britain's greatest philosopher.One of the leading intellectual figures of the Scottish Enlightenment, his major works and central ideas, especially his radical empiricism and his critique of the pretensions of philosophical rationalism, remain hugely influential on contemporary philosophers. This comprehensive and accessible guide to Hume's life and work includes 21 specially commissioned essays, written by a team of leading experts, covering every aspect of Hume's thought. The Companion presents details of Hume's life, historical and philosophical context, a comprehensive overview of all the key themes and topics apparent in his work, including his accounts of causal reasoning, scepticism, the soul and the self, action, reason, free will, miracles, natural religion, politics, human nature, women, economics and history, and an account of his reception and enduring influence. This is an essential reference tool for anyone working in the fields of Hume Studies and Eighteenth-Century Philosophy.
The great philosophers: the eastern world
The philosophy of Sarvepalli Radhakrishnan
A dreamer's journey : the autobiography of Morris Raphael Cohen
The geography of genius : a search for the world's most creative places from ancient Athens to Silicon Valley
Mysticism and logic : and other essays
The autobiography of Bertrand Russell. [Volume I] : 1872-1914
Current and comprehensive, The International Encyclopedia of Communication Theory and Philosophy is the ultimate resource for scholarly reflection on key issues in the discipline, covering the history, systematics, and potential of communication theory. Entries are cross-national and cross-disciplinary, featuring authors from Europe, North America, Latin America, and Southeast Asia.
Hope now : the 1980 interviews
Bertrand Russell : a short guide to his philosophy
Letters to C. K. Ogden with comments on the English translation of the Tractatus Logico-Philosophicus
In the 18th century, Dawnay Price is an anomaly. An educated foundling, a woman of science in a time when such things are unheard-of, she overcomes her origins to become a natural philosopher. Against the conventions of the day, and to the alarm of her male contemporaries, she sets sail to Portugal to develop her theories. There she makes some startling discoveries - not only in an ancient cave whose secrets hint at a previously undiscovered civilisation, but also in her own heart. The siren call of science is powerful, but as war approaches she finds herself pulled in another direction by feelings she cannot control.
The authentic self : essays in al-Fārābī and late ancient Greek philosophy
The philosophy of Sartre
The philosophy of G. E. Moore
The unity of reason : essays on Kant's philosophy
Concise Routledge encyclopedia of philosophy
"Verum est ipsum factum" : true is what has been made as such
The shorter Routledge encyclopedia of philosophy
Essays on the law of nature : the Latin text wih a translation, introduction andnotes, together with transcripts of Locke's shorthand in his journal for 1676
Determinism and knowledge of the future
Ten billion days & one hundred billion nights
Autobiography
Ideas of time in music : a philosophico-logical investigation applied to works of Alberto Ginastera (1916-1983)
Great thinkers
A common humanity : thinking about love and truth and justice
The autobiography of Bertrand Russell. [Vol. 1], 1872-1914
Epicurus and his philosophy
Introduction to the philosophy of sport
Law, truth and reason : a treatise on legal argumentation
This book will make you think : philosophical quotes and what they mean
Voltaire's vine and other philosophies : how gardens inspired great writers
Leibniz in France : Arnauld to Voltaire : a study in French reactions to leibnizianism, 1670-1760
The political leaders, writers, artists and philosophers of ancient Greece turned a small group of city states into a pan-Mediterranean civilization, whose legacy can be found everywhere today. But who were these people, what do we know of their lives and how did they interact with one another? In this new history of Greece, David Stuttard takes an original approach, weaving together the lives of the movers and shakers of the Greek world into a continuous narrative, from the early tyrant rulers Peisistratus and Polycrates, through the stirrings of democracy under Cleisthenes to the emergence of Macedon under Philip II and Alexander the Great and the eventual decline of the Greek world with the rise of Rome.
Luis De Molina as a precursor of the basis for philosophical and ethical thinking in futures studies
Karl Marx : greatness and illusion
Plato at the Googleplex : Why philosophy won't go away
Why Socrates died : dispelling the myths
On great writing : (on the sublime)
A companion to phenomenology and existentialism
The philosophies of sustainability
After essentially contested concepts
Living biographies of great philosophers
Jean-Paul Sartre : the philosopher as a literary critic
A comprehensible universe : the interplay of science and theology
Routledge philosophy guidebook to Hegel and the Phenomenology of spirit
Philosophical texts
Self-description and external description of the law
Fifty major philosophers : a reference guide
Copenhagen failure : a rhetorical treatise of how speeches unite and divide mankind
Comparative philosophy without borders
The encyclopedia of political thought
Meditations
Emanuel Swedenborg : scientist and mystic
Aesthetics beyond the arts : new and recent essays
The philosophy of Plato
The Commens Encyclopedia : the Digital Encyclopedia of Peirce Studies : New edition
Introducing Foucault
A Glance at the work of Roger Cotterrell
Nietzsche : life as literature
The autobiography of Bertrand Russell. (Volume II) : 1914-1944
A short history of modern philosophy : from Descartes to Wittgenstein
Concluding remarks
Letters from Ludwig Wittgenstein : with a memoir
The international encyclopedia of communication theory and philosophy
Collective responsibility : against collectivism
Constructions and situations : a constructivist reading of Hegel's system
Wittgenstein and the human form of life
Citizen Thomas More and his Utopia
Fifty major philosophers
Hans Kelsen's Defence of Democracy
Mastering philosophy
International directory of philosophy and philosophers. 2001-2002
What is consciousness? How does the subjective character of consciousness fit into an objective world? How can there be a science of consciousness? In this sequel to his groundbreaking and controversial The Conscious Mind, David Chalmers develops a unified framework that addresses these questions and many others. Starting with a statement of the "hard problem" of consciousness, Chalmers builds a positive framework for the science of consciousness and a nonreductive vision of the metaphysics of consciousness. He replies to many critics of The Conscious Mind, and then develops a positive theory in new directions. The book includes original accounts of how we think and know about consciousness, of the unity of consciousness, and of how consciousness relates to the external world. Along the way, Chalmers develops many provocative ideas: the "consciousness meter", the Garden of Eden as a model of perceptual experience, and The Matrix as a guide to the deepest philosophical problems about consciousness and the external world. This book will be required reading for anyone interested in the problems of mind, brain, consciousness, and reality.
Historied thought, constructed world : a conceptual primer for the turn of the millennium
Problems of knowledge and freedom : the Russel lectures
Three philosophical poets : Lucretius, Dante and Goethe
The philosophy of Spinoza. I-II
101 philosophy problems
Reading Sartre : on phenomenology and existentialism
The chief works of Benedict de Spinoza. Volume II
Zeit, Geschichte und Politik = Time, history and politics : zum achtzigsten Geburtstag von Reinhart Koselleck
The importance of religion : meaning and action in our strange world
The autobiography of Bertrand Russell. (Vol. 1), 1872-1914
Moral discourse, objectivity, and the future
The Cambridge companion to Plato
Routledge Philosophy Guidebook to Derrida on Deconstruction
During the Spanish Civil War, George Orwell was asked why he could not shoot an enemy soldier who was running holding up his trousers. Orwell replied 'I had come here to shoot at "Fascists"; but a man who is holding up his trousers isn't a "Fascist". A Common Humanity is a beautifully written, profound and arresting book about what predicaments such as Orwell's tell us about humanity. Drawing on a wealth of important examples including the Holocaust and attempts to deny it, the trial of Adolf Eichmann, the taking of children of mixed blood from Aboriginal parents in Australia, and the work of Primo Levi, Hannah Arendt and Simone Weil, Raimond Gaita sets out a provocative new picture of our common humanity. He urges us to recognize that whilst many of these examples call into question whether there is such a thing as a common humanity, it is not the idea of humanity that is at fault. It is the empty language of rights and obligations we use to explain what a human being is. It leaves no room for our ability to love other human beings and to share with them grief, hope, built, shame and remorse. It is our recognizing that others share these inescapably human features that gives us our common humanity. It is our common humanity that gives us rights and obligations, not our rights and obligations that give us our common humanity.
Dimensions of moral theory : an introduction to metaethics and moral psychology
Dissensus : on politics and aesthetics
Comparative Philosophy without Borders presents original scholarship by leading contemporary comparative philosophers, each addressing a philosophical issue that transcends the concerns of any one cultural tradition. By critically discussing and weaving together these contributions in terms of their philosophical presuppositions, this cutting-edge volume initiates a more sophisticated, albeit diverse, understanding of doing comparative philosophy. Within a broad conception of the alternative shapes that work in philosophy may take, this volume breaks three kinds of boundaries: between cultures, historical periods and sub-disciplines of philosophy such as metaphysics, epistemology, ethics, aesthetics, and political philosophy. As well as distinguishing three phases of the development of comparative philosophy up to the present day, the editors argue why the discipline now needs to enter a new phase. Putting to use philosophical thought and textual sources from Eurasia and Africa, contributors discuss modern psychological and cognitive science approaches to the nature of mind and topics as different as perception, poetry, justice, authority, and the very possibility of understanding other people. Comparative Philosophy without Borders demonstrates how drawing on philosophical resources from across cultural traditions can produce sound state-of-the-art progressive philosophy. Fusing the horizons of traditions opens up a space for creative conceptual thinking outside all sorts of boxes.
The philosophy of Bertrand Russell
The middle span
The nineteenth century is a period of stunning philosophical originality, characterised by radical engagement with the emerging human sciences. Often overshadowed by twentieth century philosophy which sought to reject some of its central tenets, the philosophers of the nineteenth century have re-emerged as profoundly important figures. The Routledge Companion to Nineteenth Century Philosophy is an outstanding survey and assessment of the century as a whole. Divided into seven parts and including thirty chapters written by leading international scholars, the Companion examines and assesses the central topics, themes, and philosophers of the nineteenth century, presenting the first comprehensive picture of the period in a single volume: * German Idealism * philosophy as political action, including young Hegelians, Marx and Tocqueville * philosophy and subjectivity, including Schopenhauer, Kierkegaard and Nietzsche * scientific naturalism, including Darwinism, philosophy of race, experimental psychology and Neo-Kantianism * utilitarianism and British Idealism * American Idealism and Pragmatism * new directions in Mind and Logic, including Brentano, Frege and Husserl. The Routledge Companion to Nineteenth Century Philosophy is essential reading for students of philosophy, and for anyone interested in this period in related disciplines such as politics, history, literature and religion.
Selected writings
Emergence in the philosophy of mind
Who was Jacques Derrida? : an intellectual biography
A Kierkegaard reader : texts & narratives
The responsibility of the pariah : the impact of Bernard Lazare on Arendt's conception of political action and judgement in extreme situations
The new world of Henri Saint-Simon
The English utilitarians : in three volumes. Vol. 2, James Mill
Travel changes thought and men : a fresh perspective on the travels of a literary icon
Foundations of ethics : the Gifford lectures delivered in the University of Aberdeen, 1936-6
A practical guide to critical thinking : deciding what to do and believe
On translation
International directory of philosophy and philosophers. 2007-2008
Deleuze and design
Slips, thoughts and actions
Continuum companion to Hume
Dream and reality
The differend : phrases in dispute
The letters of David Hume
Philosophical papers and letters
Machiavelli : a man misunderstood
The Commens Working Papers : Preprints, Research Reports & Scientific Communications
On the nature of social and institutional reality
The labyrinth of politics : a conceptual approach to the modes of the political in the Scottish enlightenment
Giordano Bruno : his life and thought : with annotated translation of his work On the infinite universe and worlds
The confessions of Jean-Jacques Rousseau
Chasing phenomena : studies on classification and conceptual change in the social and behavioral sciences
Hegel : a very short introduction
Wittgenstein's poker : the story of a ten-minute argument between two great philosophers
Selected letters of Friedrich Nietzsche
Portrait of Jacques Derrida as a young jewish saint
Children's book of philosophy : an introduction to the world's great thinkers and their big ideas
To end all wars : a story of protest and patriotism in the First World War
The Routledge companion to nineteenth century philosophy
Ancient ethics : a critical introduction
From Plato to Wittgenstein
The correspondence. Vol. 1, 1622-1659
Aquinas : moral, political, and legal theory
Law and the practical reason
The selected letters of Bertrand Russell : the private years, 1884-1914
Life and correspondence of David Hume
Spinoza : portrait of a spiritual hero
The seven spiritual laws of yoga : a practical guide to healing body, mind, and spirit
Chinese philosophy : sayings of Confucius, sayings of Mencius, sayings of Lao Tzu, sayings of Chuang Tzu and Lieh Tzu
Rebellious prophet :  a life of Nicolai Berdyaev
Art and knowledge
Plato for beginners
Pocket pantheon : figures of postwar philosophy
The correspondence. Vol. 2, 1660-1679
The thirst for annihilation : Georges Bataille and virulent nihilism
International directory of philosophy and philosophers. 2003-2004
