http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p19291 waste oil
waste oil
Waste management : concerns and challenges
The uptake by and subsequent translocation of selenium (Se) within the plant is dependent on its chemical from and soil properties that dictate this trace element's bioavailability. Plant species differ in their tendency to accumulate Se. Se taken-up by plants is returned to soil in plant residues, but the bioavailability of organic Se in those residues is poorly known. We investigated the impact of inorganic (Na2SeO4), organic (Se-enriched stem and leaf residues) Se applications and also soil microbial respiration on the growth and Se concentrations of various plant organs of oilseed rape (Brassica napus L.) during its development from the rosette to the seed filling stage. Both inorganic and organic Se slightly improved plant growth and enhanced plant development. Inorganic Se was more bioavailable than the organic forms and resulted in 3-fold to 6-fold higher Se concentrations in the siliques. Inorganic Se in autoclaved soil tended to elevate the Se concentration in all plant parts and at all growth stages. The organic Se raised Se concentrations in plants much less effectively than the inorganic selenate. Therefore, the use of inorganic Se is still recommended for biofortification.
Global International Waters Assessment. Regional assessment 11, Barents Sea
Effective crude oil washing
Management of and responsibilities for oil spills from vessels in the Gulf of Finland
Handbook of alternative fuel technologies
Action Plan for the Protection of the Baltic Sea and Inland Watercourses
Environmental politics : scale and power
Marine pollution : diagnosis and therapy
Improving recycling markets
Introduction to U.S. environmental laws
Pollution from offshore installations
Proceedings of the Conference on Industrial Waste : held at Charles Church More Hall, April 28, 29, 1949.
Biofuels and Bioenergy : processes and Technologies
Energy technologies for the 21st century
Technical analysis of stripping technology for sulphur-contaminated wastewater in the oil refinery
Finnish report on the safety of spent fuel and radioactive waste management : Finnish national report as referred to in article 32 of the Joint Convention on the Safety of Spent Fuel Management and on the Safety of Radioactive Waste Management
Visit sunny Chernobyl : and other adventures in the world's most polluted places
Dynamics of dry matter and selenium accumulation in oilseed rape (Brassica napus L.) in response to organic and inorganic selenium treatments
The environmental management of low-grade fuels
Sorbents : properties, materials and applications
Summary (s. 11-14).
Biodegradation studies of recycled vegetable oils, surface-active agents, and condensing wastewaters
Phytoremediation
Trends in oil discharged with aqueous effluents from oil refineries in europe
Flotation technology
Finnish environmental legislation
The port : a risk object or a place for a picnic?
Treatment of oily wastewater by ultrafiltration : the effect of different operating and solution conditions
Performance of European cross-country oil pipelines : statistical summary of reported spillages - 2001
Techno-economic study on the reduction measures, based on best available technology, of water discharges and waste generation from refineries
Papermaking science and technology. : Book 10. Papermaking : part 3, finishing
More reception facilities badly needed
Water pollution law
Composition and diagenesis of oil shale industrial solid wastes
Handbook of solid waste management
Barents Sea : biological resources and human impact
Treatment and characterisation of oily wastewaters
Science, politics & international ocean management : the uses of scientific knowledge in international negotiations
Linseed varieties were studied in variety trials and under farm conditions in south-western Finland in the years 2007-2010. The variation in yield, oil, protein, SDG lignan, cadmium and lead contents were studied in 8 oil and 2 fibre linseed varieties. Genotypic, environmental and genotype x environment interaction variance estimates were calculated. Fibre varieties "Belinka" and "Martta" had higher protein and lower oil contents than oil linseed varieties.The SDG lignan contents of linseed varieties varied between 3635-9560 mg kg-1. Rather high genotypic variance was found in yield, oil, protein and SDG lignan contents. Variety "Laser" had lower SDG lignan content. "Abacus", "Helmi" and "Martta" had the highest SDG lignan contents. Variation in cadmium and lead contents were caused by environmental effects. The highest cadmium contents, 0.821.69 mg kg-1, were found in soils fertilized by wastewater sludge about 20 years ago and at fields with low bottom soil pH (4.1-4.5).
Waste management for the food industries
Yield, SDG lignan, cadmium, lead, oil and protein contents of linseed (Linum usitatissimum L.) cultivated in trials and at different farm conditions in the south-western part of Finland
Waste engine oils : rerefining and energy recovery
