http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p19295 historical geology
historical geology
Geology today : understanding our planet
Methods for the investigation of lake deposits : palaeoecological and palaeoclimatological aspects : proceedings of the International Symposium, Vilnius, September 15-19, 1986 = Методы исследования озерных отложений в палеоэкологических и палеоклиматических аспектах : труды Международного симпозиума, Вильнюс, 15-19 сентября 1986 г. = Ežerinių nuosédų tyrimo metodai paleoekologiniais ir paleoklimatiniais aspektais : tarptautinio simpoziumo darbai, Vilnius, 1986 m. ruséjo 15-19 d.
Site data. Main area: South Finland
Essentials of earth history : an introduction to historical geology
The geological evolution of North America : a regional approach to historical geology
The quaternary of the United States : a review volume for the VII Congress of the International Association for Quaternary Research
Stratigraphic geology
Take note! : to accompany Geology today : understanding our planet
Problems of the Baltic Sea history
Prehistory and earth models
The earth through time
The palaeohydrogeology of the Baltic Basin : Vendian & Cambrian
International evaluation of quaternary geology, 2005.
The Hidden landscape : a journey into the geological past
Reading the rocks : the autobiography of the earth
The Neoproterozoic timanide orogen of Eastern Baltica
The evolution debate, 1813-1870. Vol. 4, Omphalos: an attempt to untie the geological knot
Historical geology : understanding our planet's past
The dating game : one man's search for the age of the earth
Origins : the evolution of continents, oceans, and life
The evolution debate, 1813-1870. Vol. 3, Geology and mineralogy, considered with reference to natural theology, vol. 2
The precambrian. Volume 4
Studies in the Scottish lateglacial environment
The Earth : its birth and growth
The mountains of Saint Francis : discovering the geologic events that shaped our earth
Magnetic stratigraphy
Carbon isotope records of sedimentary carbonate rocks in the Pechenga belt, NW Russia : implications for the Precambrian carbon cycle
Walter Alvarez and his team made one of the most astonishing scientific discoveries of the twentieth century--that an asteroid smashed into the earth 65 million years ago, exterminating the dinosaurs. Alvarez had the first glimmer of that amazing insight when he noticed something odd in a rock outcrop in central Italy. Alvarez now returns to that rich terrain, this time to take the reader on an excavation of the earth's distant past. We encounter the volcanoes that formed the Seven Hills of Rome; majestic limestone mountains that formed millions of years ago under water; and the evidence that the Mediterranean Sea completely evaporated to a sunken desert, perhaps several times, and that continental plates once overran one another to form the Alps. In Alvarez's telling, all major geologic episodes are as dramatic as the great impact that killed the dinosaurs, even when they happen over eons and without huge creatures to witness them.--From publisher description.
Historical geology
Historical geology : evolution of the Earth and life through time : instructor's manual to accompany
Catastrophes and lesser calamities : the causes of mass extinctions
The story of the Earth
Geological journeys : from artifacts to zircon
Outline of historical geology
The Bering Land Bridge : Based on a symposium held at the VII International Association for Quaternary Research, Boulder, Colorado, August 30-September 5, 1965
Geologic evolution of Europe
Explores the discovery of the Ice Ages over the course of the 19th century, how the idea was received, and what further research it stimulated from an international perspective.
The precambrian. 4
Dyke swarms : time markers of crystal evolution
An introduction to historical geology with special reference to North America
The British Caledonides
Obłazowa Cave : human activity, stratigraphy and palaeoenvironment
The evolution debate, 1813-1870. Vol. 8, The geological evidences of the antuiqity of man
The Indian precambrian (a volume in honour of professor Ashit Baran Roy)
Biological relationships between Africa and South America
Earth : evolution of a habitable world
The earth system
Lost creatures of the earth : mass extinction in the history of life
The key to earth history : an introduction to stratigraphy
Geology : historical geology
Origin and evolution of earth : principles of historical geology
Rocks and minerals
The Ice Age in Britain
New views on an old planet : a history of global change
Earth in 100 groundbreaking discoveries
Reading the archive of earth's oxygenation. Vol. 2, Core archive of the Fennoscandian arctic Russia - drilling early earth project
Geological evolution of North America
Weathering, soils and paleosols
Geological perspectives of global climate change
Early proterozoic of the Baltic shield : proceedings of the Finnish-Soviet symposium held in Petrozavodsk 19th-27th August, 1985. Osa 1
The influence of man on the vegetation of South-Western Finland as shown by pollen diagrams
The evolution debate, 1813-1870. Vol. 1, Essays on the theory of the earth
The historical atlas of the earth : a visual exploration of the earth's physical past
Early proterozoic of the Baltic shield : proceedings of the Finnish-Soviet symposium held in Petrozavodsk 19th-27th August, 1985. Osa 2
Preservation of random megascale events on Mars and Earth : influence on geologic history
We tested if hand-carried field proximal soil sensing (PSS) can be used to map the distribution of anthropogenic Amazonian Dark Earths (ADE). ADE soils are rich in archaeological artefacts, nutrients, organic matter and carbon in the very stable form of pyrogenic carbon, also referred to as black carbon or biochar. To test the capacity of PSS to detect signature ADE properties we measured electrical conductivity (ECa), magnetic susceptibility (MSa) and gamma ray data by transect sampling and compared these readings, using fuzzy classification, with datasets on chemical soil properties from a 28 ha large study area located on the Belterra Plateau of the Lower Amazon in northern Brazil. Results indicate that ECa and MSa measurements were good indicators of ADE signatures, but that the gamma radiation sensor was less useful in the deeply weathered soils. PSS and fuzzy classification can be used for rapid field mapping of ADE for both agricultural and archaeological purposes.
The blue planet : an introduction to earth system science
History of the earth : an introduction to historical geology
James Hutton : present and future
Magnetic stratigraphy of sediments
Ancient landforms
Cladoceran and diatom stratigraphy of calcareous lake sediments from Kuusamo, NE Finland : indications of Holocene lake-level changes
Geohistory : global evolution of the earth
The pre-glacial pleistocene of the Norfolk and Suffolk coasts
Environmental change : the evolving ecosphere
Palynological investigations in the old town of Helsinki
Early proterozoic of the Baltic shield : proceedings of the Finnish-Soviet symposium held in Petrozavodsk 19th-27th August, 1985
Earth system history
Using proximal soil sensors and fuzzy classification for mapping Amazonian Dark Earths
Reading the archive of earth's oxygenation. Vol. 1, Palaeoproterozoic of Fennoscandia as context for the Fennoscandian arctic Russia - drilling early earth project
A journey back through the evolutionary history of our planet, from the origins and formation of the earth.
The holocene : an environmental history
"Recent environmental problems and natural disasters have given cause for increasing concern over the future habitability of our planet. It is becoming increasingly apparent that a clear understanding of the Earth's past evolution can provide the key to its possible future development. The Earth: Its Birth and Growth explores the evolution of the Earth over 4.6 billion years using basic reasoning and simple illustrations to help explain the underlying physical and chemical principles and major processes involved"--
The precambrian. 2
The planet in a pebble : a journey into Earth's deep history
Discovering the ice ages : international reception and consequences for a historical understanding of climate
The precambrian. 1
Past glacial environments : sediments, forms and techniques
Mesozoic and tertiary geology of Southern Africa
The surface-history of the earth
The evolution debate, 1813-1870. Vol. 2, Geology and mineralogy, considered with reference to natural theology, vol. 1
The deep and the past
A review of the research on the history of Lake Ladoga
The age of the earth
The precambrian. Vol. 3
Reading the archive of earth's oxygenation. Vol. 3, Global events and the Fennoscandian arctic Russia - drilling earth project
Antarctic glacial history and world palaeoenvironments : proceedings of a symposium held on 17th August, 1977 during the Xth INQUA Congress at Birmingham, U.K
The making of Europe : a geological history
"A clear understanding of the Earth's past evolution can provide the key to its possible future development. The Earth: Its Birth and Growth explores the evolution of the Earth over 4.6 billion years using basic reasoning and simple illustrations to help explain the underlying physical and chemical principles and major processes involved. Fully updated and revised, this rigorous but accessible second edition includes three completely new chapters. It incorporates exciting developments in isotope geology, placing results within a wider framework of Earth evolution and plate tectonics. Some background in physics and chemistry is assumed, but basic theories and processes are explained concisely in self-contained sections. Key research papers and review articles are fully referenced. This book is ideal as supplementary reading for undergraduate and graduate students in isotope geochemistry, geodynamics, plate tectonics and planetary science. It also provides an enjoyable overview of Earth's evolution for professional scientists and general readers"--
Fundamentals of mid-tertiary stratigraphical correlation
Palynological evidence of the stone age settlement in Southern Finland
