http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p19232 urology
urology
Biocompatibility of various indwelling double-j stents
Campbell-Walsh urology / : Vol. 1 / editor-in-chief, Alan J. Wein ; editors, Louis R. Kavoussi ... [et al.]
Campbell-Walsh urology / : Vol. 2 / editor-in-chief, Alan J. Wein ; editors, Louis R. Kavoussi ... [et al.]
WHO classification of tumours of the urinary system and male genital organs
ABC of urology
Neurofibromatosis of the bladder : [case report]
Scientific foundations of urology. Vol. 1, Renal disorders : Infections and calculi
Regarded as the most authoritative surgical atlas in the field, Hinman's Atlas of Urologic Surgery brings you the detailed visual guidance and unmatched expertise you need to confidently perform virtually any urologic surgical procedure. Detailed color illustrations and clinical photographs-all accompanied by commentary from leading urologists-lead you step by step through each technique. Instructions and commentary from a veritable "who's who" in urologic surgery equip you to successfully deliver optimal results. Know what to do and expect with comprehensive coverage of nearly every surgical procedure you might need to perform. Get a true-to-life view of each operation through illustrations and full-color photographs shown from the surgeon's perspective. Find answers fast thanks to a quick, clear, and easy-to-use format - ideal for residents as well as experienced surgeons. Turn to the companion reference, Hinman's Atlas of UroSurgical Anatomy, 2nd Edition, for a more in-depth view of the complex structures you must navigate when performing any procedure. Master the latest techniques with new and revised chapters on laparoscopic urologic surgery, robotic-assisted laparoscopic prostatectomy, decision making in hypospadius surgery, Holmium: YAG laser treatment of benign prostatic disease, urethral sling for male and female incontinence, suture techniques, vascular surgery, and many other timely topics and recent advancements. Get all the accuracy, expertise, and dependability you could ask for from new editors who are among the most important names in urology, for expert guidance and a fresh understanding of the subject. Avoid pitfalls and achieve the best outcomes thanks to a step-by-step approach to each procedure, complete with commentary, tips, and tricks of the trade from leading experts. Take it with you anywhere! Access the full text, downloadable image library, video clips, and more at www.expertconsult.com. R
AUM : 1st Arctic Urological Meeting, Ylläs, Finland, 30.3.-2.4.1995
Campbell-Walsh Urology
Modern treatment of urolithiasis : a clinical study with economical aspects
Bioabsorbable stents in urology
Urologic surgical pathology
Some chemicals that cause tumours of the kidney or urinary bladder in rodents and some other substances
Effect of acute urinary retention on renal function : clinical studies in men
Hypospadias : factors associated with origin and successful treatment of this anomaly
Hormone-related reversible urinary rhabdosphincter disorder in male laboratory rodents : possible clinical implications
Abstract.
Tension-free vaginal procedures for female stress urinary incontinence
Campbell-Walsh urology / : Vol. 4/ editor-in-chief, Alan J. Wein ; editors, Louis R. Kavoussi ... [et al.]
Lower urinary tract diseases of dogs and cats : diagnosis, medical management, prevention
Paramedic care : principles and practice. Volume 3, Medical emergencies
Campbell-Walsh urology. Vol. 3
Campbell-Walsh urology. Vol. 2
Campbell-Walsh urology. Vol. 4
Biocompatibility and tolerability of urinary-tract implanted material (endoprostheses) and alloplastic material used for the regeneration or replacement of upper urinary tract
Ostergardȧs urogynecology and pelvic floor dysfunction
Pediatric surgery and urology : long-term outcomes
Incidence, etiology and impact of nocturia : Tampere ageing male urologic study
Nephrology and urology
Biodegradable, self-reinforced, self-expandable lactic and glycolic acid (SR-PLGA 80/20) copolymer spiral prostatic stent : analysis of mechanical and biological properties and clinical results
Summary.
Case studies in geriatrics
Complement factor H in kidney and urinary tract diseases
Textbook of female urology and urogynecology
Ureteric injuries : clinical and experimental studies
Pocket essentials of clinical surgery
Campbell-Walsh urology
Biodegradable ureteral stents in the treatment of ureteral injuries : an experimental, functional and histopathological study
Finnish Urological Club Meeting : February 5, 1993.
Female genuine stress incontinence : a study with single cough urethrocystometry usig a sixmicrotransducer gatheter
Campbell-Walsh urology / : Vol. 3/ editor-in-chief, Alan J. Wein ; editors, Louis R. Kavoussi ... [et al.]
Perioperative nursing practice
Peripheral neuropathy, myopathy and microangiopathy in uremia : a neurological, histological and morphometric study
Hinman's atlas of urologic surgery
Proceedings from Scandinavian Course in Neurourology, August 21.-22.1987, Mariehamn, Åland
Large animal urogenital surgery
Teaching atlas of urologic radiology
Effect of silver nitrate and ofloxacine blended caprolactone-L-lactide coatings on the properties of bioabsorbable self-reinforced polylactide urospirals
