http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p19218 Medieval Latin
Medieval Latin
With its striking range and penetrating depth, Brill's Encyclopaedia of the Neo-Latin World traces the enduring history and broad cultural influence of Neo-Latin, the form of Latin that originated in the Italian Renaissance and persists to the modern era. Featuring original contributions by a host of distinguished international scholars, this two-volume work explores every aspect of the civilized world from literature and law to philosophy and the sciences. An invaluable resource for both the advanced scholar and the graduate student.
The non-classical lexicon of Celtic Latinity. 1, Letters A-H
Andreae Sunonis filii Hexaemeron. Ps. 1, Praefationem et textum continens
Dictionary of medieval Latin from British sources. Fasc. 8, O
Bilingual Europe : Latin and vernacular cultures, examples of bilingualism and multilingualism c. 1300-1800
Millennium : a Latin reader A.D. 374-1374
La trasmissione dei testi latini del Medioevo = Mediaeval Latin texts and their transmission. Te.Tra. 4
Basic grammar for medieval and Renaissance studies
The tongue of the fathers : gender and ideology in twelfth-century Latin
The Hermaphrodite
Latin treatises on comets between 1238 and 1368 A. D.
Walahfrid Strabo's Libellus de exordiis et incrementis quarundam in observationibus ecclesiasticis rerum
Tractatus Garsiae, or, The translation of the relics of SS. Gold and Silver
The medieval world of Isidore of Seville : truth from words
Testa nucis and poetria
Old concepts and new poetics : historia, argumentum, and fabula in the twelfth- and early thirteenth-century Latin poetics of fiction
Andreae de Sancto Victore opera. T. 6, Expositionem in Ezechielem
Mediae Latinitatis lexicon minus. Abbreviationes et index fontium
Introduction to medieval Latin
Dictionary of medieval Latin from British sources
Additional incipits of mediaeval scientific writings in Latin
Rethinking and recontextualizing glosses : new perspectives in the study of late Anglo-Saxon glossography
Thirty poems from the Carmina Burana
Rome in involution : Cassiodorus' Variae in their literary and historical setting
The Latin eclogues
Revelationes factae cuidam post mortem regis Christofori
Marc-Antoine Muret (1526-1585) was a major figure in humanist classical scholarship. A superb Latinist, he influenced, among others, the Dutch humanist Justus Lipsius. This is the first English translation, with introduction, notes, and commentary, of Muret's Latin juvenilia. The juvenilia cover a wide variety of literary genres: odes, satires, epigrams, elegies, and epistles. Modeled on the classical poets Horace, Catullus, and Martial, these poems also reveal an acquaintance with the works of Muret's contempories Joachim Du Bellay and Jean Dorat.
Ratherii Veronensis Opera minora
A history of Christian-Latin poetry : from the beginnings to the close of the Middle Ages
Selected works of J. L. Vives. Vol. 1, Early writings, [1]
Petri Abaelardi Opera theologica. 3, Theologia 'summi boni', Theologica 'scholarium'
A catalogue of incipits of mediaeval scientific writings in Latin
Papal epigraphy in Renaissance Rome
Rota Veneris : a facsimile reproduction of the Strassburg incunabulum
Giovanni Boccaccio is famous for his masterpiece The Decameron, but his Latin Eclogues are relatively unknown. David R. Slavitt's English translation makes these important pieces accessible to a new audience of readers. Elegant and engaging, these pastoral poems address the great issues of Boccaccio's Italy, including the political and military intrigues of the day. Boccaccio modeled his poems on Petrarch's eclogues and, before him, those of Virgil and Theocritus. Slavitt's impeccable translations are highly readable, while his editorial interjections both elucidate the poet's intended meaning and frame the poems for the reader. These charming works offer wonderful insight into daily life in Renaissance Italy. A prolific and award - winning translator, Slavitt turns the Eclogues into vibrant modern English, capturing not only the words of Boccaccio but the flavor of the original language. The availability of The Latin Eclogues in English is a major contribution to the study of the literature and history of the Italian Renaissance.
Revelaciones. Book 3
In defence of poetry = Genealogiae deorum gentilium liber XIV
The Epitoma Margarite Castigate Eloquentie of Laurentius Gulielmus Traversagni de Saona
The marvels of Rome = Mirabilia urbis Romae
Iohannis de Caulibus Meditaciones vite Christi : olim S. Bonaventuro attributae
Antonio Beccadelli (1394–1471), known as Panormita from his native town of Palermo, was appointed court poet to Duke Filippo Maria Visconti (1429), crowned poet laureate by Emperor Sigismund (1432), and ended his days as panegyrist to King Alfonso V of Aragon and Naples, where he founded the first of the Renaissance Academies. The Hermaphrodite, his first work (1425–26), dedicated to Cosimo de' Medici, won him praise and condemnation. Beccadelli was a pioneer in revitalizing the Latin epigram for its powers of abuse and louche eroticism. Its open celebration of vice, particularly sodomy, earned it public burnings, threats of excommunication, banishment to the closed sections of libraries, and a devoted following. Likened to a "precious jewel in a dunghill," The Hermaphrodite combined the comic realism of Italian popular verse with the language of Martial to explore the underside of the early Renaissance.
Seventh-century popes and martyrs : the political hagiography of Anastasius Bibliothecarius
The Bayeux tapestry and the Battle of Hastings 1066
Dictionary of medieval Latin from British sources. Fasc. 6, M
Selected works of J. L. Vives. Vol. 5, Early writings, 2
The Oxford book of medieval Latin verse
This anthology of texts in translation, here presented in a fully revised and updated form, covers the single most important branch of medieval literary theory and criticism, the commentary tradition, in one of the most significant periods of its development. The majority of the texts are here translated for the first time; most of the translations have been prepared specially for this edition. They offer discussion of such topics as fiction and fable (in classical poetry and in the Bible); the ethical effects and purpose of literature; authorship and authority; the function of biography in literary interpretation; stylistic and didactic modes of writing; literary form and structure; allegory and literal-historical sense; symbolism; imagination and imagery; the semiotics of words and things, the moralization of classical texts; the status of poetry within the hierarchy of the human arts and sciences; and the prestige and purpose of vernacular literature. The selections are fully annotated and provided with introductions which form a linked series of essays towards the history of medieval literary theory and criticism.
The Oxford poems of Hugh Primas and the Arundel lyrics
Thomae Galli Glose super angelica ierarchia : accedunt indices ad Thomae Galli Opera
Vita Karoli Magni = The life of Charlemagne : the Latin text
Dictionary of medieval Latin from British sources. Fasc. 7, N
This collection of Latin texts, published in a new edition with an english translation, draws on the rich hagiographical corpus of Anastasius, papal diplomat, secretary and translator in late ninth-century Rome. The texts concern two controversial figures: Pope Martin I (649-653), whose opposition to the imperially-sponsored doctrines of monoenergism and monothelitism saw him exiled to Cherson where he died in 655, and Maximus the Confessor, an Eastern monk condemned to suffer amputation and exile to Lazica for similar reasons in 662. The author seeks to place these works in their political context, namely the growing hostility between the eastern and western churches in the late ninth century, and to asses Anastasius's contribution to the deteriorating relations between the two through his translations of hagiography.
Johannes Magnus' Latin letters : a critical edition with introduction and commentary
The Iuvenilia of Marc-Antoine Muret
The epitome Margaritae Eloquentiae of Laurentius Gulielmus di Saona
Late Latin and Early Romance in Spain and Carolingian France
Bilingual Europe presents to the reader a Europe that for a long time was 'multilingual': besides the vernacular languages Latin played an important role. Even 'nationalistic' treatises could be written in Latin. Until deep into the 18th century scientific works were written in it. It is still an official language of the Roman Catholic Church. But why did authors choose for Latin or for their native tongue. In the case of bilingual authors, what made them choose either language, and what implications did that have? What interactions existed between the two? Contributors include Jan Bloemendal, Wiep van Bunge, H. Floris Cohen, Arjan C. van Dixhoorn, Guillaume van Gemert, Joep T. Leerssen, Ingrid Rowland, Arie Schippers, Eva Del Soldato, Demmy Verbeke, Fran©ʹoise Waquet, and Ari H. Wesseling.
The Christianisation of Latin metre : a study of Bede's De arte metrica
De ludo globi = The game of spheres
One of the most skilful forgeries of the Middle Ages, the Cosmography of Aethicus Ister has puzzled scholars for over 150 years, not least because of its challenging Latinity. Written at a western centre in the first part of the eighth century, the work purports to be a heavily censored epitome made by St. Jerome of a "cosmography" by an Istrian philosopher named Aethicus. This writer, who is otherwise unknown, describes a flat-earth universe resembling that of Cosmas Indicopleustes, then gives an eye-witness account of his travels to the "isles of the gentiles" in the North and East. There he encounters not only savage races, but also monsters, Amazons, and other figures of mythology. Alexander the Great also figures prominently by immuring the "unclean races," who will escape to ravage the world at the coming of the Anti-Christ. Not all is fiction. The author's observations on volcanoes, earthquakes, and tsunamis will interest the scientific reader. The last part deals in coded fashion with contemporary events in the eastern Mediterranean and the Balkans, and may provide a clue to the author's origins. The present volume offers a new critical text, the first translation, and a detailed commentary covering every aspect of the work.
Two millennia of poetry in Latin : an anthology of works of cultural and historic interest. 1, The Late Classical Period and the early Middle Ages
Medieval Latin and the rise of European love-lyric. Vol. 2, Medieval Latin love-poetry : texts newly edited from the manuscripts and for the most part previously unpublished
Essays and dialogues
The cursus in medieval and vulgar latin
Rewriting Roman history in the Middle Ages : the "Historia Romana" and the Manuscript Bamberg, Hist. 3
The allegory of the church : Romanesque portals and their verse inscriptions
The Cosmography of Aethicus Ister
Four Latin plays of St Nicholas from the 12th century Fleury Play-book
Mediae Latinitatis lexicon minus = Lexique latin médiéval francais/anglais = A medieval Latin-French/English dictionary
Diarium Vadstenense : the memorial book of Vadstena Abbey
An exposition of the On the hebdomads of Boethius
Fracastoros̓ Syphilis
Mediae Latinitatis lexicon minus = Lexique latin médiéval = Medieval Latin dictionary = Mittellateinisches Wörterbuch
Passive constructions in Old English translations from Latin : with special reference to the OE Bede and the Pastoral care
Medieval literary theory and criticism c. 1100-c. 1375 : the commentary-tradition
Ioannis Saresberiensis Policraticus I-IV
Brill's encyclopaedia of the Neo-Latin world
A history of later Latin literature from the middle of the fourth to the end of the seventeenth century
Women's healthcare in the medieval west : texts and contexts
Hortus troporum : florilegium honorum Gunillae Iversen : a Festschrift in honour of Professor Gunilla Iversen on the occasion of her retirement as Chair of Latin at Stockholm University
