http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p19249 bibliophilia
bibliophilia
The medieval book : glosses from friends & colleagues of Christopher De Hamel
At the end of the eighteenth century, noblemen and revolutionaries spent extravagant sums of money or precious military resources competing to acquire old books, which until then had often been regarded as worthless. These books, called incunabula, achieved cultural and political importance as luxury commodities and as tools for mastering a controversial past. Men of different classes met in a new, shared marketplace, creating a competition for social authority, as books were no longer seen merely as sources of textual information but as a way of controlling the past in the service of contemporary concerns. The old books themselves were often changed to meet new expectations of what important historic objects should be. Focusing on Paris and London, but taking a resolutely pan-European view, this book examines the emergence of this commodity and of a new historical discipline created by traders and craftsmen.
The new bibliopolis : French book collectors and the culture of print, 1880-1914
The order of books : readers, authors, and libraries in Europe between the fourteenth and eighteenth centuries
A gentle madness : bibliophiles, bibliomanes, and the eternal passion for books
Editing the nation's memory : textual scholarship and nation-building in nineteenth-century Europe
ABC for book-collectors
Phantoms on the bookshelves
Collectors and collections : Koninklijke Bibliotheek 1798-1998
Imprimatur : a literary quarterly for bibliophiles
Why do bookshops matter? How do they filter our ideas and literature? This book takes you on a journey around the world, via its bookshops. The author's travels take him to Shakespeare & Co in Paris, Wells in Winchester, Green Apple Books in San Francisco, Librairie des Colonnes in Tangier, the Strand Book Store in New York and provoke encounters with thinkers, poets, dreamers, revolutionaries and readers. This book is the travelogue of a lucid and curious observer, filled with anecdotes and stories from the universe of writing, publishing and selling books. A bookshop in the author's eyes never just a place for material transaction; it is a meeting place for people and their ideas, a setting for world changing encounters, a space that can transform lives. Far from taking a pessimistic view of the future of the physical bookshop, this book makes a compelling case for hope, underlining the importance of these places and the magic that can happen there. A vital manifesto for the future of the traditional bookshop, and a delight for all who love them.
The mild boredom of order : a study in the history of the manuscript collection of Queen Christina of Sweden
At home with books : how booklovers live with and care for their libraries
Literature lover's book of lists : serious trivia for the bibliophile
The book-hunter etc
Koninklijke Bibliotheek 1798-1998 : collectors and collections
Antiquarian books. Catalogue 19, Science, medicine, natural history
Bookshops
Revolution and the antiquarian book : reshaping the past, 1780-1815
Understanding book-collecting
The Sayers Swindle
Antiquarian books. Catalogue 16, Science, medicine, natural history
Dictionary of literary biography. Vol. 213, Pre-nineteenth-century British book collectors and bibliographers
Old books, rare friends : two literary sleuths and their shared passion
Bokvurm i Tammerfors : lantmätare Gustaf Adolph Tuderus (1766-1817) bibliotek = Tampereen kirjatoukka : maanmittari Gustaf Adolph Tuderuksen (1766-1817) kirjasto = Bookworm at Tampere : land-surveyor Gustaf Adolph Tuderus' (1766-1817) library
Collector's progress
Some memories of congresses & colloquia of the Association Internationale de Bibliophilie
The man who loved books too much : the true story of a thief, a detective and a world of literary obsession
Antiquarian books. Catalogue 13, Science, medicine, natural history
Amassing treasures for all times : Sir George Grey, colonial bookman and collector
Curiosities and texts : the culture of collecting in early modern England
The Philobiblon of Richard de Bury
"Manuscripts, Markets and the Transition to Print in Late Medieval Brittany" surveys the production and marketing of non-monastic manuscripts and printed books over 150 years in late medieval Brittany, from the accession of the Montfort family to the ducal crown in 1364 to the duchy's formal assimilation by France in 1532. Brittany, as elsewhere, experienced the shift of manuscript production from monasteries to lay scriptoria and from rural settings to urban centers, as the motivation for copying the word in ink on parchment evolved from divine meditation to personal profit. Through her analysis of the physical aspects of Breton manuscripts and books - parchment and paper, textual layouts, scripts and typography, illumination and illustration - Diane Booton exposes previously unexplored connections between the tangible cultural artifacts and the society that produced, acquired and valued them. Innovatively, Booton's discussion incorporates archival research into the prices, wages and bequests associated with the manufacture of the works under discussion to shed new light on their economic and personal value.
Portraits and reviews
ABC for book collectors
Life, transmissions, and works of A-mes-zhabs Ngag-dbang-kun-dga'-bsod-nams, the great 17th century Sa-skya-pa bibliophile
The Commonwealth of books : essays and studies in honour of Ian Willison
The pleasure of thinking : a journey through the sideways leaps of ideas
Private libraries in Renaissance England : a collection and catalogue of Tudor and early Stuart book-lists
Manuscripts, market and the transition to print in late medieval Brittany
Dictionary of literary biography. Vol. 184, Nineteenth-century British book-collectors and bibliographers
Old books in the Old World : reminiscences of book buying abroad
The Philobiblon
Catalogue : recent acquisitions and a selection from our stock of antique and rare books
Great books and book collectors
This book-collecting game
Books on the move : tracking copies through collections and the book trade
Speaking of books : the best things ever said about books and book collecting
Northern English books, owners, and makers in the late Middle Ages
Dictionary of literary biography. Vol. 201, Twentieth-century British book collectors and bibliographers
The paper house
GREAT BOOKS AND BOOK COLLECTORS
Medieval manuscripts in post-medieval England
Invitation to book collecting : its pleasures and practices, with kindred discussions of manuscripts, maps, and prints
Renaissance book collecting : Jean Grolier and Diego Hurtado de Mendoza, their books and bindings
Dictionary of literary biography. Vol. 187, American book-collectors and bibliographers : second series
The pleasures of bibliophily : fifty years of The Book Collector : an anthology
Confessions of a bibliomane
Prints for books : book illustration in France, 1760-1800
1000 years of royal books and manuscripts
Collections donated by the Academy of Sciences of St Petersburg to the Alexander University of Finland in 1829 : an annotated catalogue
Reading matters : five centuries of discovering books
Wanted! Ralfy Rabbit, book burglar
