http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p19279 legal entity
legal entity
New political entities in public and private international law : with special reference to the Palestinian entity
On national self-determination : some problems of Walzer's definition of nation
Corporate income tax subjects
Non-governmental organisations in international law
The rule of law in international affairs : international law at the fiftieth anniversary of the United Nations
The subject in international law : the administrator of the coalition provisional authority of occupied Iraq and its laws
International institutional law : unity within diversity
The international legal status of Formosa
The end of human rights : critical legal thought at the turn of the century
Governmental illegitimacy in international law
Subjects of international law with special reference to the subjects of international law of outer space
Legal institutions
International organizations before national courts
Constructions of legal persons in a 'communitarian' context: the modernisation of law in Finland
Understanding powers of international organizations : a study of the doctrines of attributed powers, implied powers and constitutionalism - with a special focus on the Human Rights Committee
No citizens here : global subjects and participation in international law
Remedies against international organisations
The international legal personality of the United Nations
Trapped in equality : women as legal persons in the modernisation of Finnish law
Subjects : entitlement in the international legal system
International relations law of the European Union
New states and international law
International law : a treatise. Vol. 1, Peace
Oppenheim's International law. 1, Peace : Introduction and Part 1
Tax harmonization or coordination of corporate taxation in the European Union is usually considered from two complementary points of view: tax base and tax rate. These two perspectives structure the debate on whether EU Member States, and more broadly states belonging to the same economic area, should harmonize or coordinate their policies on tax matters. However, little attention has been paid so far to a more basic question which is at the core of tax theory: who are corporate taxpayers? Are they defined in the same way throughout Europe? Comparative law shows that the conditions that must be met in order to be subject to corporate income tax are very different from one country to another. The way tax systems define foreign entities that fall under their corporate income tax may also vary significantly, which may in practice give rise to interesting tax planning opportunities. Against this background, the 2013 EATLP Congress devoted to corporate income tax subjects was designed to enhance the main similarities and differences that exist between many countries (European countries and the United States). It is the first time that such joint research has been conducted on an international scale on this fundamental topic and it has given rise to an ambitious publication. This book therefore provides a basis for tax policy decisions at a national and European level. It also constitutes a starting point for academic reflection on a core issue affecting the structure of corporate income taxation.
Responsibility of international organisations and member states : focus on the rights of third parties
Understanding powers of international organizations : a study of the doctrines of attributed powers, implied powers and constitutionalism - with a special focus on the Human Rights Committtee
Business persons : a legal theory of the firm
Cases and materials on international law
Oppenheim's international law. Volume 1, Peace : introduction and part 1
International law
Corporations and partnerships in China
Advanced introduction to the law of international organizations
