http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p19214 qualifications
qualifications
Chapter 1: The qualification scheme. - Chapter 2: Selecting the appropriate qualification. - Chapter 3: Adult learning principles. - Chapter 4: The right qualification for the right people. - Chapter 5: Course and examination preparation tips. - Chapter 6: Understanding the exam paper. -  Chapter 7: Understanding the question. - Chapter 8: Exploring the syllabus. - Chapter 9: Using scenarios for practice. -Chapter 10: Using exam questions for practice. - Chapter 11: Using answers and rationales for practice.
Executive summary (s. 7-8).
Summary (s. 3-4).
Validation of non-formal and informal learning in Europe : a snapshot 2007
ITIL 2011 edition : a pocket guide
Validation and qualificaton in analytical labratories
The learning continuity : European inventory on validating non-formal and informal learning : national policies and practices in validating non-formal and informal learning
The dynamics of qualifications : defining and renewing occupational and educational standards
VET in Finland : Leonardo da Vinci: promoting development and cooperation in vocational education and training
Passing the ITIL V3 intermediate exams : the study guide
Key data on teaching languages at school in Europe : 2008 edition
Keys to futures : societal reflections on developing key technologies and their impacts on human qualifications
Assuring the quality of VET systems by defining expected outcomes : a cross-country analysis in seven Member States
Finnish law as an option : private international law in Finland
Summary (s. 9-10).
The relationship between quality assurance and VET certification in EU member states
Future skill needs in Europe : medium-term forecast : background technical report
A qualification tool for component package feasibility in infrastructure products
Sectoral partnerships
Qualification requirements of SMEs in Internet-based electronic commerce : findings from Finland
Abstract: Vocational training and qualifications.
Summary (s. 9-11).
Advancing leadership capacity: preparation of early childhood leaders in Australia through a coursework masters degree
European area of recognition manual : practical guidelines for fair recognition of qualifications
Promotion of the good life : development of a curriculum for public health nurses
Producing and certifying vocational qualifications : [international workshop in Jyväskylä, Finland 15-17., June 1993]
Changing qualifications : a review of qualifications policies and practices
Professionalising career guidance : practitioner competences and qualification routes in Europe
Vocational education meets globalization
Skill needs in Europe : focus on 2020
