http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p19245 workshops
workshops
Craftmaking designers: creativity and empowerment through craft workshops
Clay connections ; innovative ceramics lessons that make connections to the elementary school curriculum & seasonal calendar
Guide to the Magic Lamp method : an inspired approach to practical dramaturgy in filmmaking workshops
I as me : making of 2000 & 11 self-portraits / [editor: Ilona Tanskanen ; editorial team: Taina Erävaara ... [et al.] ; photographs: Vesa Aaltonen ... [et al.] ]
Abstract.
Lex Kainuu : evaluating the results of the projects : Summary : The masters and apprentices project : The young seekers project
Open field : conversations on the commons / edited by Sarah Schultz and Sarah Peters
The vernacular workshop : from craft to industry, 1400-1900
Collage in the classroom
Pentagram book five
Production of meaning in curriculum
30 reflective staff development exercises for educators
Open-space learning : a study in transdisciplinary pedagogy
Great workshops from Fine woodworking
Creative steps : on the way to an idea : a model for the realisation of an international workshop
IMIAD  : Istanbul 2007 : international workshop
Fostering learning and leadership : organizational change in Haaga Future Leaders Club
Innovative professional competences from multidisciplinary learning projects : handbook for project hatchery tutors
Contemporary self-portraits
Ultima thule : northern environment and art project
Does the writing workshop still work?
Small change for Stuart
Hack the city : take control
Jones road print shop and stable : 1971-1981: a catalogue raisonne
Contemporary self-portraits. Children make their mark
Community music : a handbook
Benchmarking between two car dealers and Wärtsilä workshops
Future school : designing with children
Potentials : design in the field : new discourse on craft development 1-2
Design games as a tool, a mindset and a structure
WP7: Evaluation and assessment : final report
Killer fashion revolution : combining peace education with participatory art and design
Pioneer of the studio glass movement : Dale Chihuly's workshop at Nuutajärvi, Finland
Creative teaching methods in education  : YKON ́s World Idea Game pilot-project for upper secondary schools
Carpets from the tents,cottages and workshops of Asia
#We are the käpytalists!# : Rahkeen karistamo, Eno, 10. - 19.9.2010 / Liisa Haverila
A dialogue with glass
Requirements by collaboration : workshops for defining needs
Youth unemployment in Finland : youth unemployment and workshops as a labour market programme for integration
Assessment of Savonia Business model analytics for starting entrepreneurs : design industry
Europlus : the final report on an educational journey into transnational co-opertaion : a collection of articles
The primary purpose of this study is to examine, on the basis of the acquired material, the enhancement of the completion of training and education, and the development of working life-oriented education. The present master?s thesis discusses three research topics: first, the implementation of working life -orientation in the context of the Amiraalistonkatu project, secondly, the support measures for the completion of training the Finnish secondary vocational schools and, thirdly, business cooperation with Meyer Turku. The study is based on comprehensive data acquisition where the data are collected in natural authentic situations. The research development activity is approached from the perspectives of the process, the involvement of the actors and information production and, the target group was selected for this appropriately. The study favors methods in which the perspectives and ?voices? of the research subjects are heard. The research plan took shape as the study progressed in such a way that the research focuses on observations and discussions with the subjects. Forms were used as an aid in acquiring supplementary information. The research was conducted using qualitative methods. In the project, different learning environments and pedagogical models were used in the secondary vocational education more diversely than before. Thus students? different ways of learning could be taken into consideration more effectively than before. Among other things, the theory part of the study discusses the crisis between a young person?s identity and role confusion. A previous study shows that a successful identity crisis produces a self-concept that feels genuine and one?s own. A young person must solve a development task in order to proceed to the next level in his or her development. The Amiraalistonkatu project is a tool for helping young people in situations where they need support. This type of support is also offered by the Fendari workshop maintained by the Youth Services of the City of Turku, among others; this study describes its activity and collaboration with the Turku Vocational Institute. Interaction with companies is considered important not only at the Turku Vocational Institute but also in other secondary vocational schools in Finland. For their part, companies want to be involved in the development of metalwork training. This study demonstrates that it is important for different schools to focus on learning at work, which contributes to an increased motivation to study. The technology company featured in the study revealed its wish to develop working life-oriented training by boosting the collaboration of top local companies and their suppliers with vocational colleges in the development and implementation of the content of vocational education and training. Based on the interviews, the demand for labor in the shipbuilding industry in the Turku region will grow to a level that will require more capacity in education. One option in the Turku Vocational Institute would be to begin shipbuilding training and, where possible, simultaneously increase collaboration with the Meyer Turku Shipyard in training. One problem experienced by many schools is the reduced number of applicants in the machinery and metalworking industry. Perhaps the supply of training in the shipbuilding industry could also contribute to boosting the interest in studying machinery and metalworking in the Turku region.
Lumen aureum : [international workshop of young people]
Himmelblau : die Grafikwerkstatt aus Finnland = Taivaansini = Sky blue : a metal graphic workshop from Finland
Creative steps : one way to an idea
IMIAD  international workshop 05. - 18.9.1010 : constructing atmosphere
A storm of glass : Vittorio Ferro of Murano visits Nuutajärvi
Contemporary self-portraits. Kaasaegne autoportree = Современый автопотрет = Contemporary self-portrait
Japan-Finland workshop
Makerspaces in libraries
From Boal to Jana Sanskriti : practice and principles
Give Me a Re•s8n: Three Cycles of Dialogical Art-based Action Research to Support a Community of Volunteers Who Work With Migrants
The Secret Recipe for Future Supply Chains – The Silent Voice of the Customer : Case: Freight Forwarding Company X
Architecture design and tourism : international workshop San Bernardino = Architettura design e turismo : workshop internazionale : IMIAD 2006
Towards new solutions in managing environmental crisis : proceedings of the USA - Iran - Finland Environmental Workshop 14-15.9.2009, Haikko, Finland
Innovations & network : final report 1/2014
Agricultural engineering in development : intermediate blacksmithing: a training manual
Culture in the neighbourhood : an Afro-European interaction 1998-2001 = Culture de quartier : une interaction Afrique - Europe 1998-2001 = Kulttuuria lähelläsi : afrikkalais-eurooppalainen vuorovaikutusprojekti 1998-2001
The new traditional woodworker : from tool set to skill set to mind set
Baltic Stone Symposium 2013
The glass artist's studio handbook : traditional and contemporary techniques for working with glass
201 icebreakers : group mixers, warm-ups, energizers, and playful activities
The workshop book
Glimpses of the workshop / Kalle Hamm
Breakfast on the grass : New Souvenir Design for Wilanow Castle
This fully illustrated book by the Bengali company's founder and artistic director Sanjoy Ganguly, edited by Ralph Yarrow, collects and explains their programme of workshop exercises, placing them in the context of their social and activist work. A set of interviews with Ganguly complements these practical sequences, drawing in topics such as the role of the joker, the nature of development, participation and agency, aesthetics as transformation, and Theatre of the Oppressed in the context of a market economy.
Tools for project management, workshops and consulting : a must-have compendium of essential tools and techniques
Exercises for rebel artists : radical performance pedagogy
Revenue-sharing for user-generated content : Steam Workshop case
Keitaita joutomaalle : Driftwood - EASA European Architecture Student Assembly, työpaja : Oases on wasteland : Driftwood - EASA European Architecture Student Assembly, workshop
IMIAD 2011 : international workshop 30.08.2011 - 16.09.2011
Craftmaking designers : creativity and empowerment through craft workshops
A journey through alternative ways of living : a design approach for scaling up grassroots initiatives torwards sustainability
"Playing with the professional musician is the best way to learn” : workshop-based on-the-job learning in the vocational education of musicians.
An excursion to project hatcheries : students' experiences in multidisciplinary learning projects
Celebrating the second 10 workshops : the Communication Skills Workshop : contexts, signposts, words
Grafiikan paja = Graphic workshop
Work : record : solid wall corner
Prints from European workshops : the international exhibition of graphic art is collected by Grafiikanpaja Himmelblau = Taidegrafiikkaa eurooppalaisista työpajoista : kansainvälisen originaaligrafiikan näyttelyn on koonnut Grafiikanpaja Himmelblau
IMIAD Workshop, Lahti 2008
5 - the dish
Creating shared understanding in product development teams : how to "build the beginning"
Agricultural engineering in development : guidelines for establishment of village workshops
Fostering Learning and Leadership : Organizational Change in Haaga Future Leaders Club
Running a workshop : basic business for craftspeople
Four corners : stories of movement, sound, and silence at home by children in two villages
Contemporary self-portraits. Féin-phortráidí conhaimiseartha
The ultimate training workshop handbook : a comprehensive guide to leading successful workshops & training programs
The Brueg[h]el phenomenon : paintings by Pieter Bruegel the Elder and Pieter Brueghel the Younger : with a special focus on technique and copying practice 1-3 / Christina Currie and Dominique Allart
Haaga Future Leaders Club is an optional addition to student's curriculum in Haaga. Its fundamental purpose is to facilitate the learning of its members. HFLC's main activities are project assignments from the industry, representation in competitions and events as well as supportive functions such as coaching and mentoring. Haaga Future Leaders Club was formed in December 2009 and the first meeting was held on January 15, 2010. First year of operations revealed challenges which were interpreted as deriving from the lack of organizational structures which resulted in poor organizational culture and perceived lowered motivation of the members. Despite the challenges, the pilot was seen successful and interpreted as being in need for further studying. The primary object of the thesis is to organize a workshop to collect material for a Member's guide leaflet. The Member's guide to be used as a facilitator for Haaga Future Leaders Club's operations and to clarify its identity and start building the self-directed organizational structure. The thesis is project-oriented with two interdependent products: 1) Workshop, where the material for the Member's guide is created, and the 2) Member's guide itself. The workshop stands as a starting point for the change process in Haaga Future Leaders Club, which is expected to lead to imcreased self-direction and subsequently to continuity and the development of the group. The theoretic background is based on a combination of learning and leadership. Two main theories are transformative learning and transformational leadership. The thesis was completed during the spring 2011. The goal of the thesis was reached as the workshop provided material for Haaga Future Leaders Club - Member's guide and started the change process. The outcome of the change process is to be evaluated in future. Did the thesis influence the organizational culture and practices of Haaga Future Leaders Club?
Spektakel Stadt = City spectacle : Workshop und Ausstellung = workshop and exhibition ; Württembergischer Kunstverein Stuttgart
URB on tour in Pirkanmaa : urban culture flourishes on the silver screen
Taking part in music : case studies in ethnomusicology
The basics of craftsmanship : key advice on every aspect of woodworking
WP6 - Assemble of the DBTech Pro certificate : final report
Workshop report : indigenous ideas and foreign influences : interactions among oral and literary, Latin and vernacular cultures in medieval and early modern Northern Europe : 26th-27th September 2013, Helsinki
Practical facilitation : a toolkit of techniques
Language workshop - children "tasting" foreign languages before systematic language teaching in schools
The 20th European Systemic Functional Linguistics Conference and Workshop, June 11-13, 2008 University of Helsinki, The Department of Finnish Language and Literature, The Department of English
Agricultural engineering in development : advanced blacksmithing: a training manual
Agricultural engineering in development : basic blacksmithing: a training manual
Participatory workshops : a sourcebook of 21 sets of ideas and activities
Farm workshop
The magical properties of workshop learning
Hidden curriculum : a project by Annette Krauss
Signs of identity signs of diversity
Summary.
Contemporary self-portraits. Me as me
An analysis of participants’ experiences of HELMO workshops
Humour is present in our everyday life, as well as in companies'  boardrooms, but it could be used more strategically in business innovation. Although there is an ample amount of research on humour in advertising, and there is increasing interest in emotions in business research, there is a gap in how to use humour in order to advance business innovation: creating new products and services. Service design thinking processes offer an opportunity to study humour in innovation workshops. The present paper discusses how humour could be studied in service design workshops of nine companies involved in a Tekes-funded humour-related research project in 2016. The purpose of the paper is to suggest a research framework in order to get more understanding of the role of humour in service design processes, particularly in workshops and their outcomes. The main research question is whether humour advances the process and the outcome of service design workshops and if yes, how. Humour and playfulness will be defined, and how to measure them discussed. The paper will accomplish the following: firstly, theoretical foundations are laid for humour, playfulness, humour in group work and humour in workshops'  outcomes. Secondly, we propose a research agenda for empirical studies. Expected results from the empirical studies will provide new insight into the importance of humour in service design workshop processes and outcomes. The contribution of the present paper will be twofold: theoretical – a research framework for analysing humour in service design processes (process and outcome) and managerial – how humour can be used to improve the service design workshops in companies, e.g. to improve the quality of the process, as well as the results. We are particularly interested in the possibility of integrating humour in business models and value propositions of companies and the present paper may contribute to this aim.
Do it yourself, do it together / Piia Laita
IMIAD 2009 : moments in the Cowgate
WP4: Content Planning : WP4 final report
The renaissance workshop / edited by David Saunders, Marika Spring and Andrew Meek
How to run seminars & workshops: presentation skills for consultants, trainers and teachers
How to run a great workshop : the complete guide to designing and running brilliant workshops and meetings
States of play : Nordic larp around the world
Connection Barents [Elektroninen aineisto] / Katarina Eismann
Humour Matters in Service Design Workshops
