http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p19242 Halloween
Halloween
Flat Stanley : the haunted house
Nate the Great and the Halloween hunt
Halloween in America : a collector's guide with prices
Halloween : a grown-up's guide to creative costumes, devilish decor & fabulous festivities
Halloween : from pagan ritual to party night
Celebrate : the art of the special occasion
Halloween trivia : ghosts, ghouls, skeletons, vampires, witches, graveyards, spiders, zombies, haunted houses
Halloween circus
The Halloween visitor
Black cats at halloween
Scaredy-cat, Splat!
Dressed for thrills
Daisy and the trouble with vampires
Three bears' Halloween
Lily Vanilli in... : a zombie ate my cupcake! : 25 deliciously weird cupcake recipes for Halloween and other spooky occasions
Hallowe'en fun
Just a bit of fun
Mouse's first Halloween
Halloween : 101 frightfully fun ideas
A witch's Halloween : a complete guide to the magick, incantations, recipes, spells, and lore
Extreme Halloween : the ultimate guide to making Halloween scary again
Hallowe'en
Halloween : vintage holiday graphics
Creative costumes & Halloween décor : 50 projects to sew & craft
Kidz bop halloween party : Halloween party
Scary Godmother : comic book stories
Weirdo Halloween : special edition
Glitterville's handmade Halloween : a glittered guide for whimsical crafting!
The big book of Halloween fun
Pumpkin cinema : the best movies for Halloween
Monstar and the haunted house
Pay the ghost
An examination of the Halloween effect in the Finnish stock market
Trick or treat, smell my feet
Ghostly frights for Halloween nights
Big book of Halloween
Halloween : bewitching treats, eats, costumes and decorations
Scary Godmother
Halloween celebrations
Halloween Carving
Mr. Tickle and the scary Halloween
Extreme pumpkins : diabolical do-it-yourself designs to amuse your friends and scare your neighbors
Something wicked this way comes
Spooky Halloween thriller. Harley has to take his little brother and sister out trick-or-treating, but when he's not looking they go missing. And when he finds them, they're very different... Particularly suitable for struggling, reluctant and dyslexic readers aged 12+ / WotldCat.
A Halloween cookbook : simple recipes for kids
Homemade Christmas & festive decorations : 25 home craft projects
Halloween! : tricks, treats, fun & sweets : 25 seasonal ideas for all the family, with 100 photographs
Handmade halloween : ideas for a happy, haunted celebration
10 trick-or-treaters : a Halloween counting book
Pocket Money Halloween : Great ideas for making  costumes and decorations without breaking the bank!
Batman unlimited : Monster Mayham
Haunted air
Halloween crafts : eerily elegant décor
Boo to you, Winnie the Pooh!
Halloween decorating : haunt your home with over 50 Halloween projects & ideas
Boo, Boo, I love You!
Matthew Mead's monster book of Halloween
Halloween hustle
Mr Happy is having a Halloween party. A Halloween fancy dress party with spooky decorations, ghoulishly good treats and creepy costumes! Mr Happy is a vampire, Little Miss Magic is a witch - but who is the mysterious ghost?
More halloween collectibles : anthropomorphic vegetables and fruit of Halloween
Easy Halloween projects you can paint
Halloween rain
Scaredy Squirrel prepares for for Halloween : a safety guide for scaredies
Trick 'r treat
Pumpkin cat
Halloween party
Trick or treat : bewitching Halloween eats, costumes and decorations
Betty Crocker Halloween Cookbook
Masked culture : the Greenwich Village Halloween parade
The Halloween encyclopedia
Hallowe'en : its origin, spirit, celebration, and significance as related in prose and verse, together with Hallowe'en stories, plays, pantomimes; and suggestions for games, stunts, parties, feasts and decorations
The big book of Halloween : creative & creepy projects for revellers of all ages
Best of Halloween tricks & treats
Halloween : fun and food
Halloween cats
Shivery shades of Halloween : a spooky book of colors
A zombie ate my cupcake : 25 deliciously weird cupcake recipes
Halloween
Treat or trick? : Halloween in a globalising world
Halloween favorites in plastic
Traps and specters
Trick-or-treat : a happy haunter's halloween
The tricks and treats of halloween!
Halloween howls : spooky sounds, stories & songs
The real halloween : ritual and magic for the millennium
Scary scenes for Halloween
The Halloween activity book : creepy, crawly, hairy, scary things to do
Betty Crocker Halloween cookbook
A very brave witch
A Halloween how-to : costumes, parties, decorations, and destinations
Horrid Henry tricks and treats
Trick arrr treat : a pirate halloween
Extreme costume makeup : 25 creepy & cool step-by-step demos
Lottie and Dottie grow pumpkins
Trick or treat
Halloween decorating
Halloween conjures up the trickster in all of us. Whatever your holiday pursuits-- spooky decor, silly foods, or bewitching costumes-- you'll find ideas in this book for brewing up fun for everyone.
The beaver & the elephant. Number 2
Evil knits : 20 projects that go bump in the night
Haunt your house for Halloween : decorating tricks & party treats
Halloween Crafts: 35 spooky projects to make and bake
The National Trust book of Christmas & festive day recipes
The Nightmare Before Christmas
The strangers
Scary scenes for halloween
10 minute Halloween crafts
Vampires and volts
Homemade Halloween : Quick and Easy Costumes, Decorations, and Not-So-Frightening Family Fun
Kids bop : halloween party
Petal and Poppy and the spooky Halloween!
Halloween treats : recipes and crafts for the whole family
Trick or treat, Marley!
The Halloween kittens
Extreme pumpkins : take back Halloween and freak out a few more neighbors. II
The Halloween book
Ghoulish Goodies
Halloween costumes for kids : 100 costumes with simple patterns, no-sew shortcuts, last-minute solutions, treat bags & accessories
Time for Halloween decorations!
The pumpkin man
Ten timid ghosts
The Penny Whistle Halloween book
Costume party book : easy-to-make and inexpensive outfits for halloween, theatre, and creative play
