http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p19246 humankind
humankind
Attack on Titan : No regrets. 2
Destiny : PlayStation 4
Remember who you are : remember 'where' you are and where you 'come' from : remember
Attack on titan : Junior high. 3
The biology of civilisation : understanding human culture as a force in nature
Debating right to asylum : a conceptual and rhetorical reading of the German post-war deliberations
Helliconia winter
Attack on Titan. 16
David Icke marks his 20th year of uncovering astounding secrets and suppressed information with the publication of his most amazing book yet: Human Race Get off Your Knees : The Lion Sleeps No More. He takes the manipulation of the human race and the nature of reality to still new levels of understanding and he calls for humanity to rise from its knees and take back the world from the sinister network of families and non-human entities that covertly control us from cradle to grave. His most staggering revelation is that the Earth and the collective human mind is manipulated from the Moon, which, he says, is not a 'heavenly body, but an artificial construct - a gigantic 'spacecraft' (probably a hollowed-out 'planetoid') - which is home to the extraterrestrial group that has been manipulating humanity for aeons. Humanity is at a fork in the road and it is time to make a choice. Are we going to awaken to our true genius and potential as Infinite Consciousness? Or are we going to remain entrapped in body/mind and the manufactured illusions of the Moon Matrix? It is time to shake off the shackles, stop being Pavlov's dogs and grab reality by the balls and wake up to who we are truly meant to be.
Attack on Titan. 4
The fall of Hyperion
On the steel breeze
Prometheus
Brave new world
Climate change and philosophy : transformational possibilities
Pandora's seed : why the hunter-gatherer holds the key to our survival
Protection of minors and human dignity in the information society: EU and US perspectives
They followed me in the street : the assassination of a journalist and other horror stories from present day Russia
Attack on Titan. 5
Engendering the global agenda : the story of women and the United Nations
Attack on Titan : Before the fall. 1
The complete zero line chronicles : incite, feed, reap
Living in a dangerous climate : climate change and human evolution
The anthropic cosmological principle
Magicians of the gods : the forgotten wisdom of Earth's lost civilisation
Article 27 of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights and Internet : a study evaluating role of prosumers, authors and corporations in the information society
The great divide : history and human nature in the old world and the new
Peoples of the world
Visions of a universal humanity
The challenge of things : thinking through troubled times
The vegetarian : a novel
Quest : the essence of humanity
Five thousand years after a catastropic event sends a small surviving remnant of humanity into outer space, the progeny of those survivors--seven distinct races now three billion strong--embark on a journey into the unknown to return to Earth.
Humanity's evolutionary destiny : a Darwinian perspective
Diverging meanings of CSR and corporate responsibility for human rights : comparative study on Finnish firms and civil society organizations
Humans 3.0 : the upgrading of the species
The painted man
Cosmography : a posthumous scenario for the future of humanity
When we are no more : how digital memory is shaping our future
Uppsala to Nairobi, 1968-1975 : Report of the Central Committee to the 5th Assembly of the World Council of Churches
War - what is it good for? : the role of conflict in civilisation, from primates to robots
History of the world in 1000 objects
Nonzero : the logic of human destiny
Bail yourself out  : how you can emerge strong from the world crisis
The Calling
The Passage
Blue remembered Earth
The discovery of the past : the origins of archaeology
Using modern and fossil pollen data for climate and human influence reconstructions in China
The griff : a graphic novel
Celebrations of life
Controlling the Swedish state : studies on formal and informal bodies of control
Near the end of the last Ice Age, a giant comet caused a global cataclysm, wiping out Earth's earliest civilization, a second soon followed. But, there were survivors who settled at key locations Gobekli Tepe in Turkey, Giza, ancient Sumer, Mexico, Peru and across the Pacific. But, the comet that wrought such destruction may not be done yet. An astronomical message encoded at Gobekli Tepe, and in Egypt's Sphinx, warns that the 'Great Return' will occur in this time.
The revenge of Gaia : why the earth is fighting back - and how we can still save humanity
Creating an integrated society and recognising differences : the role and limits of human rights, with special reference to Europe
"An exploration of the history and future of civilization, tracing the converging crises of our age to a common source: the ideology of the discrete and separate self"--Provided by publisher.
Wisdom of trees
After terror : promoting dialogue among civilizations
Attack on Titan : Before the fall. 2
Pandora's seed : the unforeseen costs of civilization
The desert spear
The Strain. Volume 3, The fall
The abyss beyond dreams : chronicle of the Fallers
Eternity : our next billion years
The girl with all the gifts
The meaning of the twentieth century : the great transition
17 years ago: A girl in South Dakota falls through the earth, then wakes up dozens of feet below ground on the palm of what seems to be a giant metal hand. Today: She is a top-level physicist leading a team of people to understand exactly what that hand is, where it came from, and what it portends for humanity. A swift and spellbinding tale told almost exclusively through transcriptions of interviews conducted by a mysterious and unnamed character, this is a unique debut that describes a hunt for truth, power, and giant body parts.
But in this twilight our choices seal our fate : the interplay of autonomy and dignity in defining the international legal response to the beginning of life
The international legal governance of the human genome
Attack on titan : Junior high. 2
Night without stars : chronicle of the Fallers
History of humanity : scientific and cultural development. Vol. 4, From the seventh to the sixteenth century
Improving Performance of Construction Projects
in the UAE:multi cultural and decent work perspectives
Homo deus : a brief history of tomorrow
Attack on Titan. 13
Storms of my grandchildren : the truth about the coming climate catastrophe and our last chance to save humanity
The shape of shit to come
Red moon
Attack on Titan. 10
Foundation and Earth
Attack on Titan : lost girls
The fall
The failure of the security paradigm in Syria : the human security perspective
Ecosystems and human well-being : our human planet : summary for decision-makers
The structure of big history : from the Big Bang until today
Attack on Titan. 7
World war Z : an oral history of the zombie war
Pandora's seed : the unforeseen cost of civilization
Attack on Titan. 6
Food and civilization : Voice of America forum lectures
Between man and man
The hermetic millennia
A brief history of the human race
A brief history of ancient times
Mankind : the story of all of us
Perfect planet, clever species : how unique are we?
The infinite sea
Why should I bother about the planet?
The magician : the secrets of the immortal Nicholas Flamel
The history of man : from the first human to primitive culture and beyond
Examines how humanity records and passes on its culture to future generations, from the libraries of antiquity to the excess of information available in the digital age, and how ephemeral digital storage methods present a challenge for passing on current cultural memory to the future.
Mars : our future on the red planet
Attack on Titan : No regrets. 1
Shadows In Flight
The reality and spirituality of life in the universe
The Ten-seconders : The American dream
Curiosity, inquiry, and the geographical imagination
Destiny : Xbox One
Attack on Titan. 9
Biology and its relation to mankind
The shift omnibus
Collection includes issues #1–#4 of the acclaimed series and the short story The Silver angel / written drawn by David Lapham featured in Dark Horse Presents.
Before the dawn : recovering the lost history of our ancestors
Sapiens : a brief history of humankind
A troublesome inheritance : genes, race and human history
Maps of time : an introduction to big history
Destiny : PlayStation 3
What is the world of the 21st century like now that the centrality of the West is no longer given? How were the societies and cultures of today's world together with their interconnections forged, and what is driving human society in our times? In short, what is the state of the world today as we enter the second decade of the 21st century? This is the first book which deals with planetary human society as whole. It is a beginner's guide to the world after the West and after globalization, compact, portable, and jargon-free. It is aimed at everybody who, even with experience, has kept a begi.
The alchemyst : the secrets of the immortal Nicholas Flamel
What on earth happened? ... in brief : the planet, life and people from the big bang to the present day
History of humanity : scientific and cultural development. Vol. 1, Prehistory and the beginnings of civilization
The daylight war
History of humanity : scientific and cultural development. Vol. 5, From the sixteenth century to the eighteenth century
The ascent of humanity : civilization and the human sense of self
Human race get off your knees : the lion sleeps no more
Attack on Titan. 11
Marxist history of the world : from Neanderthals to neoliberals
Casket of souls
Changing images of man
Negative aspects of the information society were first noticed in early 90's, with the dawning of the Internet era. The article gives an overview of European initiatives undertaken and European courts' judgments delivered over the last two decades, contrasting them with eminent U.S. Supreme Court decisions. According to the author, predominance of soft law, case law and self-regulation does not in itself impede protection, given that all stakeholders act with the intention to effectively monitor and eradicate threats..
Queen of nowhere
The Stone Age sentinel
Destiny : Xbox 360
Alone together : why we expect more from technology and less from each other
Inferno
The tower
The sea and civilization : a maritime history of the world
X-events : the collapse of everything
Attack on titan : Junior high. 1
Attack on titan : Junior high. 4
Fingerprints of the gods : the quest continues
Dark and bright sides of human rights : towards pragmatic evaluation
The world : a beginner's guide
An illustrated outline history of mankind. [2]
Restriction of Powers : Human Rights Protection in the Context of the Security Council
Childhood's end
The drama of humanity : towards a philosophy of humanity in history
Guns, germs, and steel : the fates of human societies
Encyclopedia of human evolution and prehistory
A spin-off series to the number one bestseller in Japan. Eren and Mikasa enter a new school-- Titan Junior High! However, Eren's hated Titans for years-- can he get along with his new (harmless?) classmates? Featuring all of the characters from the main series as you've never seen them before
Indigenous peoples and the extractive sector : towards a rights-respecting engagement
History of humanity : scientific and cultural development. Vol. 3, From the seventh century BC to the seventh century AD
Attack on Titan. 17
A treatise of human nature
A rough ride to the future
Has man a future?
"Through the pages of The Biology of Civilisation, Stephen Boyden is able to show that the worldview and priorities of the world's current dominant culture are simply not compatible with the long-term survival of civilisation. He argues that a shift to an ecologically sustainable and equitable society will not take place without a major transformation in our dominant culture, a 'cultural renaissance'. He concludes the book by suggesting measures that can be taken right now to make this happen." "The Biology of Civilisation will appeal to readers who are interested in issues of human health and wellbeing, ecological and economics sustainability, and the future of our society."--BOOK JACKET.
Exploring the ways of mankind
No future without forgiveness
When the blue shift comes
Attack on Titan. 8
The skull throne
Attack on Titan. 2
Speechless = Sans paroles = Sin palabras : world history without words
The Sage handbook of education for citizenship and democracy
The princess diaries
An illustrated outline history of mankind. [1]
The humans
Centuries of change : which century saw the most change and why it matters to us
The Role of Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) in the New Economy
In the age of mankind
