http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p19247 sociology of physical exercise
sociology of physical exercise
A sociology of football in a global context
Sporting dystopias : the making and meaning of urban sport cultures
Football culture : local contests, global visions
Snowboarding bodies in theory and practice
Social problems in athletics : essays in the sociology of sport
The arena of masculinity : sports, homosexuality, and the meaning of sex
Sports in society : issues and controversies
It's all for the kids : gender, families, and youth sports
"Sport and man: creating a new vision" : proceedings FISU/CESU Conference, the 18th Universiade 1995 Fukuoka : 24, 25, 26 August 1995 : abstract
"Race", sport and British society
Sports : a social perspective
Sportsbiz : inside the sports business
Sport : a critical sociology
Sport and national identity in the post-war world
European integration and sport : selected papers of the 1st conference of the European Association for Sociology of Sport
Sport, education and society
Sport, Scotland and the Scots
Football, ethnicity and community : the life of an African-Caribbean football club
Psychological and sociological factors in sport
Sports culture : an A - Z guide
The association game : a history of British football, 1863-2005
The Sociology of sports : an introduction
Routledge Handbook of  Sports Development
Education for life : proceedings
The Olympics : a sociological perspective
The sociology of sport and physical education : an introductory reader
Sites of sport : space, place experience
Sport and social theory
A wider social role for sport : who's keeping the score?
Sport and leisure cultures
Learning experiences in sociology of sport
Sport and society
Sports are perhaps the most visible expression of the ideals of masculinity in our society, and figure as a training ground on which young boys are taught what it means to be a man. Given the involvement of sports with masculinity, the homosexual athlete becomes a paradox, and the recent explosive growth of gay sporting leagues, a puzzle. Pronger explores the paradoxical position of the gay athlete in a straight sporting world, examines the homoerotic undercurrent subliminally present in the masculine struggle of sports, and explicates the growth of gay sports in the framework of the developing gay culture.
The production and consumption of sport cultures : leisure, culture and commerce
Developing successful sport sponsorship plans
Changes in sport sociology and challenges for the future
The transformation of European football : towards the Europeanisation of the national game / edited by Arne Niemann, Borja García, and Wyn Grant
Children in sport
Handbook of sports studies
Sociology of sport journal
The international politics of sport in the twentieth century
Sport sociology / edited by Peter Craig and Paul Beedie
Leisure sciences : an interdisciplinary journal
"In the modern era sport has been an important agent, and symptom, of the political, cultural and commercial pressures for convergence and globalisation. In this fascinating, inter-disciplinary study, leading international scholars explore the making of modern sport in Europe, illuminating sport and its cultural and economic impacts in the context of the supra-state formations and global markets that have re-shaped national and trans-national cultures in the later twentieth century. The book focuses on the emergence and expansion of media markets; high-performance sport's transformation by, and effects upon, Cold War dynamics and relations, and the implications of the Treaty of Rome for an emerging European identity in sport as in other areas (for example, the creation of soccer's governing body in Europe, UEFA, and its club and international competitions). It traces the connections between the forces of ideological division, economic growth, leisure consumption, European integration and the development of European sport, and examines the role of sport in the changing relationship between Europe and the US. Illuminating a key moment in global cultural history, this book is important reading for any student or scholar working in international studies, modern history or sport"
Sport and its female fans
Sport in Europe : politics, class, gender
The changing role of public, civic and private sectors in sport culture : abstract book : 3rd EASS Conference (European Association for Sociology of Sport) 2-5 July 2006, Jyväskylä, Finland
Sociology of sport : diverse perspectives : 1st Annual NASS Conference Proceedings
Sport and the emancipation of European women : the struggle for self-fulfilment
Making sense of sports
Sport, the third millennium : proceedings of the International Symposium, Quebec City, Canada, May 21-25, 1990
Essays on sport history and sport mythology
The theater of sport
Pain and injury in sport : social and ethical analysis
Sport and leisure in the civilizing process : critique and counter-critique
Ultimate fighting and embodiment : violence, gender and mixed martial arts
Theory, sport & society
Traceable as far back as the work of the path-breaking Chicago School of Sociology in the 1920s and 1930s, subculture and counterculture have long been conceptual staples of the discipline. Implemented originally to designate and describe smaller, often deviant or delinquent, groups within larger social communities, the terms gained pace in their use in mid-twentieth century criminological research, and especially with the development of Cultural Studies in the United Kingdom in the 1970s, where they became widely used to describe processes of social class-based opposition, resistance and protest. More recently, sociologists have moved beyond a strict conformity-resistance model in accounting for the behaviour of sub-communities that coalesce around particular values, behaviours, or preferences. Indeed, contemporary sociological research has raised the possibility that the term subculture in particular may have entirely outgrown its usefulness. While the term counterculture has also languished, there is no doubt that the sorts of social groups to which these terms have historically referred are more extensive and colourful than ever. Certainly this is the case in sport. Put simply, all societies are replete with their own versions of Tribal Play which encompass and represent wider social patterns, processes, and struggles.This volume is a collection of 16 readings on aspects of sub-community life in sport that showcases the breadth and depth of sport subcultural research by a group of international scholars representing varied theoretical and methodological orientations. Some of the sport communities examined include soccer hooligans, endurance athletes, disabled athletes, environmentally conscious surfers, and X-Games participants.
Introduction to kinesiology : studying physical activity
Sport is an essential part of community structure, membership and identity. Whether on the field of play, in stadia, or on the streets, sport has consistently brought together disparate individuals to share culture, values and memories. Nowadays these relationships are being rewritten through the effects of global socio-economic practices, the interventions of government, the impact of cultural imperialism and, at the local level, through the actions of individuals and new constituencies that are emerging in response. Furthermore, this generates discourse on matters of regional and national identity. This themed issue presents a range of essays that examine the relationship between sport and society through the conceptual lenses of community, mobility and identity. Drawing upon insights from contemporary history and current political phenomena from leading academic specialists in the field, the issue addresses cross-cutting themes such as loyalty and allegiance, migration and integration, identity and collective memory, and the politics of resistance and change, which will be of interest to the political scientist, the contemporary historian and sport scholar alike. This book was previously published as a special edition of the journal Sport in Society .
Research methods in sport
Sport in the making of Celtic cultures
Inclusion and exclusion through youth sport
Sport in the mirror of the values
Aspects of contemporary sport sociology : Proceedings of C.I.C. symposium on the sociology of sport, University of Wisconsin , November 18-20, 1968
The SAGE dictionary of sports studies
Faithful to Fenway : believing in Boston, baseball and America's most beloved ballpark
Moving the goalposts : a history of sport and society since 1945
Sociology of North American sport
Sociology of sport : a global subdiscipline in review
Women's football in the UK : continuing with gender analyses
"We fangirls need our fanservice" : a study on the topics of discussion in a predominantly female online football community
Sport histories : figurational studies of the development of modern sports
Sport and sociology
Psychology and sociology of sport : current selected research. Volume 1
Sport, animals, and society
Hockey night in Canada : sport, identities, and cultural politics
Sociology is central to the study of sport in higher education. This reader-friendly textbook introduces all of the subject s core themes, such as power, diversity and mediation, and relates them to major contemporary social issues such as commercialisation and globalisation. Special emphasis is given throughout to examples drawn from the UK and to the significance of the 2012 Olympics. Theoretical explanation is fully supported by case studies, practical and reflective exercises and guidance on further study.
Sport and postmodern times
The cross-cultural analysis of sport and games
Taking sport seriously : social issues in Canadian sport
Understanding sports culture
Reading sport : critical essays on power and representation
Sport. Volume 4, Issues in the sociology of sport
Landscapes of modern sport
Sports : why people love them!
Running across Europe : the rise and size of one of the largest sport markets
Tribal play : subcultural journeys through sport
English national identity and football fan culture : who are ya?
Sport, culture and society : a reader on the sociology of sport
Sports media : transformation, integration, consumption
This book explores how cultural policies are reflected in the design, management and promotion of the Olympic Games. Garcia examines the concept and evolution of cultural policies throughout the recent history of the Olympic Games and then specifically evaluates the cultural program of the Sydney 2000 Olympic Games. She argues that the cultural relevance of a major event is highly dependent on the consistency of the policy choices informing its cultural dimensions, and demonstrates how such events frequently fail to leave long-term cultural legacies, and are often unable to provide an experience that fully engages and represents the host community, due to their over-emphasis on an economic rather than a social and cultural agenda.
Trends of research in social sciences of sport : content analysis of the sociology of sport journal
Sport in the sociocultural process
The sociology of sport : selection of readings
Critical readings in bodybuilding
Elite sport retirement process : career analysis of former Swedish elite athletes
Socio-cultural foundations of physical education and educational sport
Sport : a cultural history
In other words : essays towards a reflexive sociology
Sport, culture, and personality
"Why do women follow sports? How do they participate from the sidelines and what is the significance of this contribution? What can female fandom tell us about gender relations in sport? This book explores these and related questions by bringing together the varied strands of research being conducted internationally across the social sciences and humanities on this emerging and topical field. While sports spectatorship is a popular and well-respected site of analysis, no book-length, scholarly contribution documents womens experiences of sports fandom. For this reason, there is an obvious need for a book that offers researchers, students and non-professional readers an authoritative introduction to womens modes of sport support. Sport and Its Female Fans will be a landmark contribution in the field of sport research and in studies of sports fandom, making an original contribution to the growing, yet under-researched, area of female sports spectators"--
Journal of sport and social issues
The changing politics of sport
Women on ice : feminist essays on the Tonya Harding/Nancy Kerrigan spectacle
Sports in the cultural pattern of the world : a study of the 1952 Olympic games at Helsinki
In recent years the body has become one of the most popular areas of study in the arts, humanities and social sciences. Bodybuilding, in particular, continues to be of interest to scholars of gender, media, film, cultural studies and sociology. However, there is surprisingly little scholarship available on contemporary bodybuilding. Critical Readings in Bodybuilding is the first collection to address the contemporary practice of bodybuilding, especially the way in which the activity has become increasingly more extreme and to consider much neglected debates of gender, eroticism, and sexuality related to the activity. Featuring the leading scholars of bodybuilding and the body as well as emerging voices, this volume will be a key addition to the fields of Sociology, Sport Studies, and Cultural Studies.
Focusing on youth sport as a touchstone sector of sport in society, this book examines the theoretical and empirical bases of arguments for the role of sport in social inclusion agendas. Authors are drawn from around the world and offer critical perspectives on assumptions underpinning the bold claims made about the power of sport. This book represents a source of knowledge on inclusion and exclusion in youth sport.
On the fringes of sport
Sports in society : issues & controversies
Canadian sport : sociological perspectives
Kendo still moves : kendo as kinetic folklore
The Olympic games and cultural policy
Journal of sport behavior
The visual in sport
Two faces of soccer. An empirical study on the sociology of soccer in England and the US
Sport and the Irish : histories, identities, issues
International sociology of sport : contemporary issues : Festschrift in honor of Günther Lüschen
Social aspects of sport
Looking toward a future with increasingly hybridized media offerings, Sports Media: Transformation, Integration, Consumption examines sports media scholarship and its role in facilitating understanding of the increasingly complex world of sports media. Acknowledging that consumer demand for sports media content has influenced nearly every major technology innovation of the past several decades, chapters included herein assess existing scholarship while positing important future questions about the role sports media will play in the daily lives of sports fans worldwide. This book incorporates many points of view that jointly explore the power inherent in a sports event, whether it is a megasports event such as the Olympics or World Series that is viewed by millions, or a niche sports event such as a college volleyball game that still has been found to have a demonstrable and loyal following. Wenner (1998) coined the term "mediasport" to represent the fusion of these two entities. This book evolves from Wenner's conception, as it covers the national and the international, the male and the female, the athlete and the fan, the traditional and the new. Nevertheless, within all of these wide-ranging issues, the book still underscores information that answers fundamental questions for academics, including: - Who consumes mediasport? - Why do they consume mediasport? - What are the perceived benefits from consuming mediasport? - What is the difference between watching and consuming mediasport? - How do traditional media interact with new media to form modern notions of mediasport? - What trends are increasing within mediasport? - What trends are dissipating within mediasport? - What are the effects of mediasport within modern society? And, perhaps most importantly: - What can the academic community do to advance the understanding and knowledge base within mediasport scholarship?
Values in sport for all
Sexual sports rhetoric : historical and media contexts of violence
Sociology of sport
Snowboarding Bodies in Theory and Practice providesan an in-depth analysis of the global phenomenon of snowboarding. Drawing upon an extensive array of sources gathered from six countries over seven years, the book offers insights into snowboarding culture, including the sport, lifestyle, industry, media, gender relations, travel and tourism, and physical experience, in both historical and contemporary contexts. It also contributes to recent debates surrounding the practices and politics of the active body. Facilitating a multidimensional analysis of snowboarding bodies, each chapter draws upon, and extends, a different theoretical perspective--i.e., cultural memory studies, Marxist political economy, post-Fordism, Foucauldian theorizing, Pierre Bourdieu's theory of embodiment, feminism, sociology of mobilities, and non-representational theory. Creatively blending theory and empirical research, this book offers both a comprehensive investigation of snowboarding bodies in local and global contexts, and an engaging commentary on the use of social theory and research methods for understanding sport and physical cultures in the early twenty-first century.
Class, sports, and social development
Sport and society : An anthology
European journal for sport and society : the official publication of the European Association for Sociology of Sport (EASS)
Book of abstracts / book of abstracts
The sport studies reader
Sport. Volume 1, Approaches to the study of sport
Sociology of sport and social theory
Sport and leisure in social thought
Sport and the transformation of modern Europe : states, media and markets, 1950-2010
A revisit to social and cultural preconditions of top level sport
Sport is an essential part of community structure, membership and identity. Whether on the field of play, in stadia, or on the streets, sport has consistently brought together disparate individuals to share culture, values and memories. Nowadays these relationships are being rewritten through the effects of global socio-economic practices, the interventions of government, the impact of cultural imperialism and, at the local level, through the actions of individuals and new constituencies that are emerging in response. Furthermore, this generates discourse on matters of regional and national identity. This themed issue presents a range of essays that examine the relationship between sport and society through the conceptual lenses of community, mobility and identity. Drawing upon insights from contemporary history and current political phenomena from leading academic specialists in the field, the issue addresses cross-cutting themes such as loyalty and allegiance, migration and integration, identity and collective memory, and the politics of resistance and change, which will be of interest to the political scientist, the contemporary historian and sport scholar alike. This book was previously published as a special edition of the journal Sport in Society.
Sport ethnography
"Sport and man: creating a new vision" : proceedings FISU/CESU Conference, the 18th Universiade 1995 Fukuoka, Japan : 24, 25, 26 August 1995.
Routledge handbook of the sociology of sport
Games, sports and cultures
Power play : sport, the media and popular culture
"This book advances current literature on the role and place of animals in sport and society. It explores different forms of sporting spaces, examines how figures of animals have been used to racialize the human athlete, and encourages the reader to think critically about animal ethics, animals in space, time and place, and the human-animal relationship. The chapters highlight persistent dichotomies in the use of and collaboration with animals for sport, and present strategies for moving forward in the study of interspecies relations"--
Soccer and society : South Wales, 1900-1939
Offside : soccer and American exceptionalism
Sport, media, and society
The sports business
The politics of sport : community, mobility, identity
Social issues in sport
Sport and social order : contributions to the sociology of sport
Controversies of the sports world
Sports in the Cultural Pattern of the World : Study of the 1952 Olympic Games at Helsinki
Fair and foul : beyond the myths and paradoxes of sport
Sport success and the type of culture
Sport : critical concepts in sociology. Vol. 2, The development of sport
How we can save sports : a game plan
