http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1923 deposits (banking)
deposits (banking)
The future of American banking
Deposit insurance : theory, policy and evidence
Finnish deposit banks 1980-1993 : years of rapid growth and crisis
Practices of wealth depositing in the 1st-9th century AD eastern Baltic
Bank run risk and optimal reserves
Pillaged! How they are looting £413 million a day from your savings and pensions ... and what do do about it
Deposit protection and bank resolution
Rising to the challenge in Asia : a study of financial markets. Vol. 2, Special issues
Do only the safest banks buy a pooling deposit insurance?
Approaches to deposit pricing : a study in the determination of deposit interest and bank service charges
Deposit insurance : actual and good practices
Financial instruments and institutions : accounting and disclosure rules
New European Deposit Insurance Scheme to be introduced soon
Consumer information about financial services
Sophisticated discipline in a nascent deposit market : evidence from post-communist Russia
The portable UCC
Does distance matter in deposit supply? : a bank-level study
Deposit insurance : pricing and incentives
Deposit markets, lending markets and bank screening incentives
Monetary financial institutions : annual review
The effects of competition on banks' risk taking with and without deposit insurance
On Preventing Bank Runs in China and Russia
The transparency of the banking industry and the efficiency of information-based bank runs
Bank panics in transition economies
Bank panics, deposit insurance and liquidity
Do time deposits prevent bank runs?
States, Markets, the Finance Lobby and the European Union Savings Tax Directive
The mystery of banking
Economic aspects of regional trading arrangements
Bank interest rates in a small European economy : some exploratory macro level analyses using Finnish data
On 18 November 2002, the Russian cabinet approved a plan to introduce deposit insurance.The introduction of deposit insurance is an essential condition for the modernisation of Russia’s banking sector, and, in particular, for ending the near-monopoly of Sberbank, the State Savings Bank, in the retail segment.In this note, we compare the main features of the proposed system with its European and US equivalents.Although several important aspects of the Russian scheme have yet to be defined, our initial evaluation is positive.Concerns about the stability of the Russian banking system, however, remain .
In November 2015, the European Commission proposed that a new European Deposit Insurance Scheme be established. The new scheme was to be launched at the beginning of 2017 and the reform include an 8-year transitional period. During this period the responsibility for pay-outs was to gradually be transferred from national level to the European Deposit Insurance Scheme by 2024..
Essays on the theory of financial intermediation : market imperfections, the allocation of credit, deposit insurance and the transmission of external shocks
Hitler's secret bankers : how Switzerland profited from nazi genocide
Protecting bank deposits
Principles of banking
Competition for deposits, risks of failure, and regulation in banking
Investment funds : Annual Review
Regulation and supervision of cross-border banking in the EU
Deposit insurance scheme and a comparison of it's features concerning likelihood of banking crises
Tax on interest and the pricing of personal demand deposits
The Deutsche Bank and the Nazi economic war against the Jews : the expropriation of Jewish-owned property
Deposit insurance scheme (DIS) and a comparison of features of the DIS concerning likelihood of banking crises
An evaluation of draft legislation on Russian depposit  insurance
This PhD thesis discusses the practices of wealth depositing in the 1st-9th century AD eastern Baltic (Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania). Wealth deposits are one or more valued object/s that is/are hidden deliberately as an intended separate deposition in a selected place in a specific, distinguishable manner. Wealth depositing is regarded as an important cultural practice which relates to and derives from various past social phenomena and changes respectively in spatial and temporal terms. It is emphasised that wealth deposits should be analysed as a cohesive corpus of material, regardless of specific artefact types, functional groups, production material, environment of concealment, and most importantly without any predetermined interpretation categorisations.00The dissertation presents different patterned practices of concealing valuables in the 1st-9th century AD eastern Baltic through a detailed contextual analysis of their main material characteristics: artefacts, their assemblages and appearance, environment of concealment, chronology and location in the cultural landscape. The study demonstrates how depositional practices change in time and space, and analyses relations between specific depositional practices and developments on a wider social scale. A comparative analysis of wealth deposits and important social changes in contemporary society based on overall archaeological material is presented. The key regional and cross-regional practices of wealth depositing in the 1st-9th century AD eastern Baltic are identified. Additionally, further comparisons are drawn between depositional practices in the eastern Baltic and other parts of the Baltic Sea region, especially Scandinavia.
Preventing systemic crises through bank transparency
The value of debt : how to manage both sides of a balance sheet to maximize wealth
Delivery networks and pricing behaviour in banking : an empirical investigation using Finnish data
Financial Statistics : annual review
