http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1922 bank accounts
bank accounts
Conflicts of interests in the financial services industry : what should we do about them?
Fraud detection in the banking sector : a multi-agent approach
Unemployment insurance savings accounts : an overview
The World Bank Inspection panel
Rahalaitokset  2003 = Monetära finansinstitut = Monetary financial institutions
Deposit protection and bank resolution
Rahalaitokset. 2003 = Monetära finansinstitut. 2003 = Monetary financial institutions. 2003
Rahalaitokset 2007 = Monetära finansinstitut = Monetary financial institutions
Rahalaitokset 2006 = Monetära finansinstitut = Monetary financial institutions
Rahalaitokset  2002 = Monetära finansinstitut = Monetary financial institutions
THE DIFFERENCE BETWEEN LOCAL AND FOREIGN BANKS USING INTERNATIONAL ACCOUNTING STANDARD AND STATEMENT OF ACCOUNTING STANDARD: Case of Nigeria Banks
Gatekeepers : the professions and corporate governance
Usefulness of banks' financial reports in a time of crisis : evidence from corporate customers of banks in Finland
Rahalaitokset. 2002 = Monetära finansinstitut. 2002 = Monetary financial institutions. 2002
Rahalaitokset = Monetära finansinstitut = Monetary financial institutions. 2005.
Suomen taloushistoria = The economic history of Finland. 3, Historiallinen tilasto
Rahalaitokset = Monetära finansinstitut = Monetary financial institutions. 2004.
Official directory of the European Union
On the choice of optimal central bank currency baskets
Unemployment insurance savings accounts: an overview
Government financial management in least developed countries
Financial statement statistics on credit institutions
Abstract: How has the usefulness of financial reports fared through the financial crisis? This is the question that this research aims to answer. This research will discuss the characteristics of useful financial reports, how they have come under question during the financial crisis and what remedies can be implemented. The research presents a survey of 30 employees of corporate customers of banks in Finland and discusses their views of how the usefulness of financial reports has fared in the financial crisis.
Rahalaitokset 2008 = Monetära finansinstitut = Monetary financial institutions
Bank profitability : financial statements of banks
Usefulness of banks’ financial reports in a time of crisis: evidence from corporate customers of banks in Finland
Financial soundness indicators : analytical aspects and country practices
