http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1921 ocean voyages
ocean voyages sea voyages
The golden age of ocean liners
The Arctic Ocean between Greenland and Nova Zemla and between the 60th and 82d parallel of latitude from Swedish, Danish, British, Russian and German surveys and explorations up to 1871
Across three oceans : a colonial voyage in the yacht "Sabirse"
The strange last voyage of Donald Crowhurst
Three voyages of a naturalist : being an account of many little-know islands in three oceans visited by the "Valhalla" R.Y.S
Behring's Sea and Arctic Ocean from surveys of the U.S. North Pacific Surveying Expedition in 1855 John Rogers commanding and from Russian and English authorities : additions to July 1868
Milo and the mysterious island : [an adventure story with two endings]
The blue tunnyman
It's 1599, the Age of Discovery in Europe. Bren Owen, growing up in the small town of Map on the coast of Britannia, is inspired by the arcane maps his father creates as a cartographer for a map mogul named Rand McNally. When a dying sailor gives Bren a strange gift, cracking the hidden code could lead Bren to a fabled lost treasure-- as well as great danger and an unusual friend named Mouse / WorldCat.
Mediterranean Cruise Ports
Sailing to see : picture cruise in the schooner Yankee
The Blue Peter : the magazine of sea travel
Under sail and in port in the glorious 1850's : being the journal from 1 May to 3 October 1852 kept by Charlotte A. Page also excerpts from journal and letters written 20 September 1986 to 30 January 1857 by Alvin R. Page, jr
Cruising and ocean racing
Notable boats : forty remarkable craft, forty great adventures
The cat's table
Cruise lines look for new itineraries and ports-of-call
The Tigris expedition : in search of our beginnings
Ashes of remembrance : a novel
The blue
Hiccup : the Viking who was seasick
Black butler. XIV
The voyage
Ying-yai sheng-lan : 'The overall survey of the ocean's shores' [1433]
Down to the sea in ships : of ageless oceans and modern men
Northabout : sailing the North East and North West Passages
Hamble to Helsinki and beyond
Salt to the sea : a novel
P&O package includes largest chillers yet
Call of the ancient mariner
Great voyages of the world : 25 adventures on the high seas and great rivers of the world
Bon voyage ! : The Telegraph book of river and sea journeys
Seven centuries of sea travel : from the crusaders to the cruises
Corto Maltese : the ballad of the salt sea
The dagger's path
Survival kit for small cruise lines : find your niche, don't venture beyond it, serve your passengers well
Dolphin song
Icebreaker Snow and the lost city
The first voyage round the world, by Magellan
Seven years to sin
Saga of Direction : a cruising cutter's first 50 years
Explore Titanic : breathtaking new pictures, recreated with digital technology
Pacific : the ocean of the future
The trader's sister
Bayfront dreams and realities
The woman in cabin 10
The strange voyage of Donald Crowhurst
Decked with holly
Women and children first : they survived the Titanic, but their lives were changed forever..
Leaders, laggards and sinkers
Charting the unknown : family, fear, and one long boat ride
Life of Pi
Only the river runs free : a novel
Robinson Crusoe
Life of Pi : a novel
Journalism
Mr Elf takes a holiday
Three ways to capsize a boat : an optimist afloat
Towards the sun... : and higher per diems
Blue water racing
The secrets of a scoundrel
The further adventures of the owl and the pussycat
Archipelago
Sea fever : the true adventures that inspired our greatest maritime authors, from Conrad to Masefield, Melville and Hemingway
The scar
Can we live here?
Last voyage : an autobiographical account of all that led up to an illicit voyage and the outcome thereof
Captain Will Laurence and his noble dragon Temeraire battle against Bonaparte's invading forces.  When China discovers that their rare gift, meant for Napoleon, is now in the hands of the British forces, they demand the return of the dragon
Norwegian maritime explorers and expeditions over the past thousand years
Empire of ivory
Bermuda and New England/Canada draws more ships and passengers
The boat
The Norse Atlantic saga
The lost islands
The catch : a novel
Kicking canvas
The Norse Atlantic saga : being the Norse voyages of discovery and settlement to Iceland, Greenland, and North America
Black powder war
Norsemen before Colombus : early American history
Icebreaker Snow and the mission on the Gulf of Finland
Billowing sails : notes from a sea diary
Mutiny on the Bounty
In the early 1950s, an eleven-year-old boy boards a huge liner bound for England - a 'castle that was to cross the sea'. At mealtimes, he is placed at the lowly 'Cat's Table' with an eccentric group of grown-ups and two other boys, Cassius and Ramadhin. As the ship makes its way across the Indian Ocean, through the Suez Canal, into the Mediterranean, the boys become involved in the worlds and stories of the adults around them, tumbling from one adventure and delicious discovery to another, 'bursting all over the place like freed mercury'. And at night, the boys spy on a shackled prisoner - his crime and fate a galvanizing mystery that will haunt them forever. As the narrative moves from the decks and holds of the ship and the boy's adult years, it tells a spellbinding story about the difference between the magical openness of childhood and the burdens of earned understanding - about a life-long journey that began unexpectedly with a spectacular sea voyage, when all on board were 'free of the realities of the earth'. With the ocean liner a brilliant microcosm for the floating dream of childhood, "The Cat's Table" is a vivid, poignant and thrilling book, full of Ondaatje's trademark set-pieces and breathtaking images: a story told with a child's sense of wonder by a novelist at the very height of his powers.
The ship of brides
The first crossing : being the diary of Theophilus Richmond, ship's surgeon aboard the Hesperus, 1837-8
Black is the color
Alone on a wide wide sea
Muting on the Bounty
Courage at sea : tales of heroic voyages
The watery part of the world : a novel
Saints and sailors
Elizabeth Barber is crossing the Atlantic by liner with her perfectly adequate boyfriend, Derek, who might be planning to propose. In fleeing the UK - temporarily - Elizabeth may also be in flight from her past and the charismatic Arthur, once her partner in what she came to see as a series of crimes. Together they acted as fake mediums, perfecting the arcane skills practised by effective frauds. Elizabeth finally rejected what once seemed an intoxicating game. Arthur continued his search for the right way to do wrong. The pair still meet occasionally, for weekends of sexual oblivion, but their affection lacerates as much as it consoles. She hadn't, though, expected the other man on the boat...
A Yachting cruise in the Baltic
The time-traveling fashionista : a novel
One way or another
Sailing days : stories and poems about sailors and the sea
Tsuro of the seas : a game of treacherous waters
Command
Twenty trillion leagues under the sea
St. Lawrence Bay showing Lutke's Harbor by the U.S. Ship Vincennes : lieutenant John Rodgers September 1855
Cruises in small yachts
After the storm
Voyages : The romance of cruising : The world's 100 most exciting ports of call selected by the world's leading travel writers
Icebreaker Snow and the mystery at Hailuoto
South Pacific Ocean
Jack and the flumflum tree
Westward from Vinland : an account of Norse discoveries and explorations in America, 982-1362
Jonathan Swift's Gulliver
Jäähyväiset Cap Hornille = Farewell Cape Horn!
The last voyage of Columbus : being the epic tale of the great captain's fourth expedition, including accounts of mutiny, shipwreck, and discovery
Northlanders. Book five : Metal and other stories
Three groups of people come together for a more-or-less godly cruise around the British Isles: to Lindisfarne, the Loch Ness Monster Museum, Iona and Mull, Dublin and the Scilly Isles. There are familiar faces from St Stephens, Dunbridge; some new folk from Neil's new parish in Derbyshire; and the slightly long-suffering crew, not least her skipper. A cruise is a great place to make new friends, with leisure for decent conversations. It can also be an awkward, confined space with those you would really rather avoid. Some of the party are facing tough decisions - not least of which, whether to say 'yes' - and some tensions just cannot be left on land. This book is a delight: full of compassion, humour, and Pam's acute observations.
Over the top
Capitalising the exposure of Olympics
Drake's Island of thieves : ethnological sleuthing
Endurance : Shackleton's incredible voyage
The childhood of Jesus
Close hauled : being the adventures of the author & his wife cruising alone, in a 29-foot ketch, amongst the lesser known islands of the Baltic during a voyage from Latvia to England
The call of the sagas : Finland to Iceland in an open boat
From three yachts : a cruiser's outlook
The exploits of Moominpappa
Amazing sailing stories : true adventures from the high seas
Security is a low key affair : but becoming increasingly more important
Mode of forcing a passage through the ice
At sea on land
In this tightly wound, enthralling story reminiscent of Agatha Christie's works, Lo Blacklock, a journalist who writes for a travel magazine, has just been given the assignment of a lifetime: a week on a luxury cruise with only a handful of cabins. The sky is clear, the waters calm, and the veneered, select guests jovial as the exclusive cruise ship, the Aurora, begins her voyage in the picturesque North Sea. At first, Lo's stay is nothing but pleasant: the cabins are plush, the dinner parties are sparkling, and the guests are elegant. But as the week wears on, frigid winds whip the deck, gray skies fall, and Lo witnesses what she can only describe as a dark and terrifying nightmare: a woman being thrown overboard. The problem? All passengers remain accounted for--and so, the ship sails on as if nothing has happened, despite Lo's desperate attempts to convey that something (or someone) has gone terribly, terribly wrong
Busy year of new tonnage
Part of the Arctic Ocean reconnoitered in the U.S. Ship Vincennes
John M. Brooke's Pacific cruise and Japanese adventure, 1858-1860
Mayflower : the diary of Remember Patience Whipple, 1620
A voyage for madmen
The last grain race : around the Horn on a four-master in the last days of sail
Throne of jade
The South Shetland and South Orkney Islands with the tracks of the several discoverers 1819 to 1843
The thief
Family sailing in European waters
Throne of Jade
A nautical odyssey : an illustrated maritime history from Cook to Shackleton
The blue book
The Grunts all at sea
Black butler. XII
In Finnish waters : from Estonia to Sweden
I am the wind
Three vessels on the Åland sea
The yacht "Alice" : planning and building
Scream Sea : Elf Girl and Raven Boy
The Southseaman : life-story of a schooner
Santa Cruise : a holiday mystery at sea
The Brendan Voyage
Russian round-the-world voyages, 1803-1849
The vanishing island
Hot, hot Caribbean..
Rambles of a naturalist on the shores and waters of the China Sea : being observations in natural history during a voyage to China, Formosa, Borneo, Singapore, etc., made in Her Majesty's vessels in 1866 and 1867
The owl and the pussy-cat
Fire down below
Rowing the Atlantic : lessons Learned on the Open Ocean
