http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p19215 astronomers
astronomers
Celestial revolutionary : Copernicus, the man and his universe
The biographical encyclopdia of astronomers
Halley (1656-1742) in 90 minutes
Great scientists
At the dawn of the seventeenth century, the Sun revolved around the Earth according to God's plan and as set down in the Bible. Yet some men knew that the Heavens did not move as they should and began to believe exactly the opposite--a heresy punishable by being burned alive / WorldCat.
On Tycho's island : Tycho Brahe and his assistants, 1570-1601
History of astronomy in Finland 1828-1918
Kepler's Tübingen : stimulus to a theological mathematics
The life and times of Tycho Brahe
The day without yesterday
This is a comprehensive biography of one of the greatest and most careful observational astronomers of all time. Nicolas-Louis De La Caille mapped the southern sky and named many of the constellations. In addition, he contributed to geodesy, navigation, and celestial mechanics.
Nicolas-Louis De La Caille, astronomer and geodesist
The Cambridge companion to Newton
Home is where the wind blows : chapters from a cosmologist's life
The history of astronomy from Herschel to Hertzsprung
A long walk through astronomy : a celebration of Luis Carrasco's 60th birthday : Huatulco, Oaxaca, México, Octubre 15-17, 2008
A comet of the Enlightenment : Anders Johan Lexell's life and discoveries
Galileo antichrist : a biography
The sky's dark labyrinth
Nicolaus Copernicus and his epoch
Let Newton be!
Maskelyne : astronomer royal
Abstract: Report of the working group for megaprojects in astronomy.
The measure of all things : the seven-year odyssey that transformed the world
Astronomy : cool women in space
A Comet of the enlightenment : Anders Johan Lexell's life and discoveries
The world treasury of physics, astronomy, and mathematics
Copernicus : scholar and citizen
Bearing the heavens : Tycho Brahe and the astronomical community of the late sixteenth century
Galileo in Rome : the rise and fall of a troublesome genius
Galileo is aptly known as 'the father of modern science'. But there is much more to him than his well-known discoveries in physics and astronomy, and his infamous clash with the Catholic church. John Heilbron's wonderfully rounded new biography presents a multi-talented but difficult man - writer, philosopher, scientist, musician, and artist.
Selected writings
Galileo's daughter : a historical memoir of science, faith, and love
Galileo : watcher of the skies
Renaissance genius : Galileo Galilei & his legacy to modern science
Fred Hoyle : a life in science
Galileo Galilei, when the world stood still
Men of physics : Sir Arthur Eddington
The unfixed stars: a novel
The world of Copernicus
The nobleman and his housedog : Tycho Brahe and Johannes Kepler : the strange partnership that revolutionised science
A more perfect heaven : how Copernicus revolutionised the cosmos
Discoverers of the universe : William and Caroline Herschel
Starlight detectives : how astronomers, inventors, and eccentrics discovered the modern universe
Galileo (1564-1642) is one of the most important and controversial figures in the history of science. Tackling Galileo as astronomer, engineer, and author, this book places him at the centre of Renaissance culture. It drawing extensively on Galileo's voluminous letters, many of which were self-censored and sly.
William Herschel : explorer of the heavens
Stargazers : Copernicus, Galileo, the telescope and the church : the astronomical renaissance 1500-1700
Astronomie a Klementinum = Astronomy and Clementinum
The data book of astronomy. Patrick Moore
"The path to a broader mode of cosmic observation was blazed by a cadre of nineteenth-century amateur astronomers and inventors, galvanized by the advent of photography, spectral analysis, and innovative technology to create the entirely new field of astrophysics. From William Bond, who turned his home into a functional observatory, to John and Henry Draper, a father and son team who were trailblazers of astrophotography and spectroscopy, to geniuses of invention such as Léon Foucault, and George Hale, who founded the Mount Wilson Observatory, Hirshfeld reveals the incredible stories--and the ambitious dreamers--behind the birth of modern astronomy."--Page 4 of cover.
Sir James Jeans : a biography
An observer of observatories : the journal of Thomas Bugg's tour of Germany, Holland and England in 1777
The measure of all things : the seven-year odyssey and hidden error that transformed the world
Roisin and Francois first meet in the snowy white expanse of Antarctica. And everything changes. While Roisin grew up in a tiny village in Ireland, ablaze with a passion for science and the skies and for all there is to discover about the world, Francois was raised by his beautiful young mother, who dreamt of new worlds but was unable to turn her back on her past. As we loop back through their lives, glimpsing each of them only when a comet is visible in the skies above, we see how their paths cross as they come closer and closer to this moment. Theirs are stories filled with love and hope and heartbreak, that show how strangers can be connected and ghosts can be real, and the world can be as lonely or as beautiful as the comets themselves.
Isaac Newton
The sensorium of God
'The Sensorium of God' is the second of a trilogy of novels inspired by the dramatic struggles, personal and professional, and key historical events in man's quest to understand the Universe / WorldCat.
The hunt for Vulcan : how Albert Einstein destroyed a planet and deciphered the universe
Jean-Sylvain Bailly: astronomer, mystic, revolutionary, 1736-1793
Beware invisible cows : my search for the soul of the Universe
On the shoulders of giants : the great works of physics and astronomy
The comet seekers
Astronomy
The father, the son, and the stars : Bengt Strömgren and the history of twentieth century astronomy in Denmark and in the USA
Copernicus' secret : how the scientific revolution began
The Wittich connection : conflict and priority in late sixteenth-century cosmology
