http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p19231 mystics
mystics
For centuries readers have comfortably adopted Julian of Norwich as simply a mystic. This book offers a fresh interpretation of Julian and the significance of her work. It argues that this fourteenth-century thinker's sophisticated approach to theological questions places her legitimately within the pantheon of other great medieval theologians.
Authority and the female body in the writings of Julian of Norwich and Margery Kempe
female spiritual masters, largely unknown to westerners.
Mysticism and gender = Mística y género = Mystik und Geschlecht
Mechthild of Magdeburg : selections from The flowing light of the Godhead translated from the Middle High German with introduction, notes, and interpretive essay
From St. John of the Cross to us : the story of a 400 year long misunderstanding and what it means for the future of Christian mysticism
Hildegard of Bingen : a spiritual reader
God within : the mystical tradition of Northern Europe
Women in the Middle Ages : an encyclopedia
God's unruly friends : dervish groups in the Islamic later middle period, 1200-1550
Power and sainthood : the case of Birgitta of Sweden
The presence of God : a history of western Christian mysticism. Vol. 4, The harvest of mysticism in medieval Germany (1300-1500)
Promised bodies : time, language, & corporeality in medieval women's mystical texts
Christian mystics : the spiritual heart of the christian tradition
Selected writings
Women, men, and spiritual power : female saints and their male collaborators
God's words, women's voices : the discernment of spirits in the writing of late-medieval women visionaries
Rābiʻa the mystic and her fellow-saints in Islām
2015 marks the five-hundredth anniversary of the Spanish mystic St. Teresa of Avila. This volume of the Journal of ESWTR is therefore dedicated to the issue of mysticism and gender. The mystical experience is a radical confrontation with oneself, where one recognizes one's boundaries and is at the same time called to transgress them; it is a mystical transformation of the self that then will be able to transform unjust structures. Can mysticism today still unfold these capacities of transformation of self and societies, given the problems we are faced with? Using gender as a category of analysis, and adopting a gender-sensitive stand, the articles in this volume explore questions such as: How do issues of gender shape the relationship between mysticism and power? How have women mystics contributed to the field of mysticism? How can mysticism unfold a transformative power, both for individuals and societies? In short, what do we mean by mysticism today?
Barbara Newman reintroduces English-speaking readers to an extraordinary and gifted figure of the twelfth-century renaissance. Hildegard of Bingen (1098-1179) was mystic and writer, musician and preacher, abbess and scientist who used symbolic theology to explore the meaning of her gender within the divine scheme of things. With a new preface, bibliography, and discography, Sister of Wisdom is a landmark book in women's studies, and it will also be welcomed by readers in religion and history.
The folklore of Maijvandar's mystics
The embodied Word : female spiritualities, contested orthodoxies, and English religious cultures, 1350-1700
Power and authority : Birgitta of Sweden and her revelations
The problem of pure consciousness : mysticism and philosophy
Meister Eckhart : master of mystics
The complete guide to world mysticism
Shadows on the Nile
Grey eminence : a study in religion and politics
Julian of Norwich : the showings : a contemporary translation
Maps of flesh and light : the religious experience of medieval women mystics
Julian of Norwich, theologian
Prophets abroad : the reception of continental holy women in late-medieval England
Julian's gospel : illuminating the life & revelations of Julian of Norwich
Friends of God : practical mystics of the fourteenth century
At the age of 30, Julian of Norwich, a contemporary of Chaucer, had a series of intense visions of Jesus which she recorded in what became the first book written in English by a woman. This a fresh and contemporary rendering of this much-loved and influential spiritual text brings Julian's 14th century message alive to 21st century readers.
In Western Christianity, the mystic was seen as having direct access to God, and therefore great authority. Dr. Jantzen discusses how men of power defined and controlled who should count as a mystic, and thus who would have power: women were pointedly excluded. The modern philosophical assumption that mysticism is essentially about intense subjective experiences is misguided. This book is the first on the subject to take issues of gender seriously, and to use them as a point of entry for a deconstructive approach to Christian mysticism.
The liber celestis of St Bridget of Sweden : the Middle English version in British Library MS Claudius B I, together with a life of the saint from the same manuscript. Vol. 1, Text
The book of Margery Kempe : the text from the unique ms. owned by Colonel W. Butler-Bowdon. Vol. 1
Aleister Crowley : the biography : spiritual revolutionary, romantic explorer, occult master - and spy
Early Christian mystics : the divine vision of the spiritual masters
St. John of the Cross
Power, gender, and Christian mysticism
Emanuel Swedenborg : scientist and mystic
Emma Curtis Hopkins : forgotten founder of New Thought
Julian of Norwich, a medieval English mystic who spent the latter part of her life as an enclosed anchoress, is largely known through her extraordinary Revelations, one of the most popular and influential works of Christian mysticism. It was also the first book ever written by a woman in the English language. But until now, the woman herself was an elusive figure. In this fascinating work, Veronica Mary Rolf has offered a convincing reconstruction of Julian s life, along with a comprehensive commentary on her Revelations rendered here in a new translation from the Middle English.
Hildegard of Bingen : a book of essays
Silent music : the life, work, and thought of Saint John of the Cross
The prison narratives of Jeanne Guyon
The big red book : the great masterpiece celebrating mystical love and friendship : odes and quatrains from the shams
Mystics of the Christian tradition
A Spiritual canticle of the soul and the bridegroom Christ
From John of Apamea to Mark's Gospel : two dialogues with Thomasios: a hermeneutical reading of Horáō, Blépō, and Theōréō
Joachim of Fiore and the influence of inspiration : essays in memory of Marjorie E. Reeves (1905-2003)
The luminous eye : the spiritual world vision of Saint Ephrem
A collection of Sufi rules of conduct : Jawā̃miʻ ādāb al-ṣūfiyya
The presence of God : a history of western Christian mysticism. Vol. 3, The flowering of mysticism : men and women in the new mysticism (1200-1350)
Bernard of Clairvaux
G. I. Gurdijieff : the war against sleep
The beguine, the angel, and the inquisitor : the trials of Marguerite Porete and Guiard of Cressonessart
The teachers of Gurdjieff
Memory, music, and religion : Morocco's mystical chanters
Secretaries of God : women prophets in late medieval and early modern England
"God Is Our Mother" : Julian of Norwich and the Medieval Image of Christian Feminine Divinity
An introduction to the medieval mystics of Europe : fourteen original essays
Grey eminence ; study in religion and politics
The teachings of Padmasambhava
Mystics
The female mystic : great women thinkers of the Middle Ages
The book and the roses : Sufi women, visibility, and Zikir in contemporary Istanbul
The mystical thought of Meister Eckhart : the man from whom God hid nothing
The English mystics
The globalization of Hesychasm and the Jesus prayer : contesting contemplation
RASPUTIN AND THE RUSSIAN COURT
The mirror of simple souls
Visions & longings : medieval women mystics
Sensible ecstasy : mysticism, sexual difference, and the demands of history
Julian of Norwich and the mystical body politic of Christ
Hildegard of Bingen, 1098-1179 : a visionary life
Julian of Norwich : mystic or visionary?
Undiscovered country : a spiritual adventure
The book of the rewards of life
Women and mystical experience in the Middle Ages
The great German mystics : Eckhart, Tauler and Suso
Gurdjieff : essays and reflections on the man and his teaching
A companion to Julian of Norwich
A revelation of love
The secret societies of all ages and countries : embracing the mysteries of ancient India, China, Japan, Egypt, Mexico, Peru, Greece, and Scandinavia, the Cabbalists, early Christians, heretics, assassins, thugs, Templars, the Vehm and Inquisition, mystics, Rosicrucians, illuminati, freemasons, Skopzi, camorristi, carbonari, nihilists and other sects
The personal correspondence of Hildegard of Bingen
The book of Margery Kempe
The revelations of Margery Kempe : paramystical practices in late medieval England
Medieval women's visionary literature
This detailed study is the first to outline Julian of Norwich's reception throughout history, from the extant manuscripts to the present day.
The wisdom of St. Isaac of Nineveh
Kabir : the weaver of God's name
Julian of Norwich : a comprehensive bibliography and handbook
The strange case of Ermine de Reims : a medieval woman between demons and saints
Jan van Ruusbroec, mystical theologian of the Trinity
Swedenborg's secret : the meaning and significance of the word of God, the life of the angels, and service to God : a biography
Body and soul : essays on medieval women and mysticism
Embraced by the Father and the Son in the unity of the Holy Spirit : a study of the Trinity and the mystical life in the works of Jan van Ruusbroec
St John of the Cross : his life and poetry
Unravelling the enigma Shirdi Sai Baba in the light of sufism
Julian of Norwich's legacy : medieval mysticism and post-medieval reception
Birgitta of Sweden (1302/3-1373) was a mother, visionary, counsellor to a king, inventor of her own rule, saint, and one of the best known medieval women in history. As a wife and a mother of eight children, the Swedish noble lady Birgitta was an atypical candidate for sanctity. Yet, only 18 years after her death, in 1391, she was declared a saint by the Pope and became a role model for many late medieval mothers and widows. Power and Sainthood investigates how Birgitta went about establishing her power and authority. Päivi Salmesvuori argues that the crucial factor was her successful performance of her sanctity. -- Review: "Focused and meticulously researched, Power and Sainthood addresses the idea of holiness in action as St. Birgitta began to assert her authority in the formative years of her life as a mystic and visionary. Salmesvuori gives a grounded view of what Birgitta was like as both a woman and human being, but - very wisely - stops short of making any generalized character judgments ... A truly interesting take on Birgitta." - Bridget Morris, Independent Scholar, York, UK "Salmesvuori succeeds in showing how this remarkable woman from the northern fringe of Europe was able to establish a personal authority that made princes, priests, and popes listen to her. After reading this book, few will be inclined anymore to say that Birgitta was guided by her father confessors. It was clearly the other way around." - Stephan Borgehammar, Professor of Practical Theology, Lund University, Sweden "Salmesvuori offers fresh insights into how Birgitta established her reputation as a living saint in mid-fourteenth century Sweden. Carefully attending to historical chronology, Salmesvuori provides new interpretations of Birgitta's early revelations in light of key theories about the public performance of religious power. She cogently demonstrates that Birgitta exercised spiritual authority through repeated negotiations with her audience and attracted followers even earlier than scholars usually recognize. This study is a valuable contribution to our understanding of gender, power, and sanctity in the later Middle Ages." - Claire L. Sahlin, Professor of Women's Studies, Texas Woman's University, USA
Perdurabo : the life of Aleister Crowley
Seeing and knowing : women and learning in medieval Europe 1200-1550
Sister of wisdom : St. Hildegard's theology of the feminine
Ruusbroec : literature and mysticism in the fourteenth century
From virile woman to woman Christ : studies in medieval religion and literature
Mystical languages of unsaying
The life of the Holy Hildegard
Brides and knights of Christ : gender and body in later medieval German mysticism
Māte Mahādēvi: a progressive female mystic in today's India
A companion to John of Ruusbroec
Hildegard of Bingen : the woman of her age
