http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p19270 gymnosperms
gymnosperms
Conifers : the illustrated encyclopedia
Somatic embryogenesis in woody plants. Vol. 3, Gymnosperms
The Fourth International Conference on the Comparative Biology of the Monocotyledons & The Fifth International Symposium on Grass Systematics and Evolution, Copenhagen, Denmark 11-15 August 2008, University of Copenhagen, Denmark. : abstracts / Monocots 4
Trees & shrubs of the Sudan
Monocotyledons and gymnosperms of Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands
Royal Horticultural Society encyclopedia of conifers : a comprehensive guide to cultivars and species
Origin and evolution of gymnosperms
Brief history of the Gymnosperms: classification, biodiversity, phytogeography and ecology
Guide to the vascular plants of central French Guiana. Part 1, Pteridophytes, Gymnosperms, and Monocotyledons
Illustrated flora of East Texas. Volume one, Introduction, pteridophytes, gymnosperms, and monocotyledons
The evolutionary relevance of vegetative long-shoot/short-shoot differentiation in gymnospermous tree species
Pollen and spores of Chile : modern types of the Pteridophyta, Gymnospermae, and Angiospermae
A checklist of the trees, shrubs, herbs, and climbers of Myanmar : (revised from the original works by J. H. Lace, R. Rodger, H. G. Hundley, and U Chit Ko Ko on the List of trees, shrubs, herbs and princiapl climbers, etc. recorded from Burma)
A monograph of the genus Abies
Flora of Australia. 48, Ferns, gymnosperms and allied groups
Atlas florae Europaeae : distribution of vascular plants in Europe. 2, Gymnospermae (Pinaceae to Ephedraceae)
Embryology of gymnosperms
The families and genera of vascular plants. Vol 1, Pteridophytes and gymnosperms
The gymnosperms
Molecular regulation of embryo development in Norway spruce
The flora of Canada. Part 2, Pteridophyta, Gymnospermae, Monocotyledoneae
Trees. 3
Conifers around the world : conifers of the temperate zones and adjacent regions. Vol.1
Atlas florae Europaeae : distribution of vascular plants in Europe. 1; 2, Pteridophyta (Psilotaceae to Azollaceae); Gymnospermae (Pinaceae to Ephedraceae)
