http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p19262 heat treated wood
heat treated wood
Bioenergy feasibility study - Berzasca, Romania
Moisture sorption properties and fungal degradation of torrefied wood in storage
Effect of light and temperature on the growth and essential oil of dill (Anethum graveolens L.)
Biomass gasification to heat, electricity and biofuels : HighBio project publication
Both the northern (latitudinal) and the upper (altitudinal) timberlines are phytogeographic transitions between the forested boreal vegetation zone and treeless areas. These two timberlines, which intermingle in northern Fennoscandia, are mainly controlled by the cold climate, although other natural and anthropogenic factors are of noticeable importance at least locally. The roles of the various controlling factors are discussed in this article. The timberline and tree line in northern Finland are usually formed by the mountain birch (Betula pubescens ssp. tortuosa), which extends further than the Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris) or the Norway spruce (Picea abies). The northern coniferous timberline in Finland follows approximately an isoline that represents an effective temperature sum of 600 degree days. Hazardous events also regulate the growth and occurrence of trees in addition to average conditions. Trees growing at the timberline have adapted themselves in many ways to the prevailing harsh circumstances. Pollen research and megafossil analyses (such as tree ring studies) show that the timberline has moved and its tree species composition has changed, primarily due to climatic fluctuations. This is one clear indication that the timberline is a dynamic 'combat zone'.
Relation of tree-ring width and earlywood vessel size of alien Quercus rubra L. with climatic factors in Latvia
Effects of climate, wood quality and fungal diversity on coarse wood decomposition of Scots pine
The effect of climatic factors on wood anatomy of the alien red oak (Quercus rubra L.) growing in three experimental plantations in Latvia was assessed by classical dendrochronological techniques. Two tree-ring proxies - tree-ring width (TRW) and mean area of earlywood vessel lumen (VLA) - were studied on 33 trees. Annual variation of TRW amongst trees was similar (mean r = 0.46), but there was more individuality in VLA (mean r = 0.26); nevertheless, chronologies of both proxies had rather synchronous variation amongst the sites. Annual variation of TRW was affected by factors related to water deficit in late summer, as suggested by the negative effect of temperature and positive effect of precipitation that have intensified during the 20th century, likely due to warming. Although weather conditions during the dormant period did not directly affect TRW, temperature during the autumn-spring period has been the main climatic determinant of VLA likely via influence on overwintering and hence vigour of tree. This suggests that conductive properties of wood and hence the susceptibility to water deficit have been affected by weather conditions before the formation of tree rings. During the 20th century, sensitivity of VLA has shifted from temperature in winter to temperature in autumn likely due to climate change. Still, the positive effect of these factors suggests that warming of climate would increase VLA and hence the risk of embolism and xylem disfunction. Therefore, the importance of availability of water for growth of red oak in Latvia is increasing..
Volatile organic compounds emitted from silver birch and European aspen in response to environmental stresses
Impacts of global change on tree physiology and forest ecosystems : proceedings of the International Conference on Impacts of Global Change on Tree Physiology and Forest Ecosystems, held 26-29 November 1996, Wageningen, The Netherlands
Plant cold hardiness : from the laboratory to the field
Marks' standard handbook for mechanical engineers
Accurary and functionality of hand held wood moisture content meters
Modelling bud dormancy release in trees from cool and temperate regions
Science and technology of wood : structure, properties, utilization
Differences between sapwood and heartwood of thermally modified Norway spruce (Picea abies) and Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris) under water and decay exposure
Improving the properties of wood by surface densification
Factors affecting the usability of aspen (Populus tremula) wood dried at different temperature levels
Chilling injury of horticultural crops
Transplanting deciduous trees in northern climates : influence of phenological stage and soil temperature
A local heating system using wood fuel from farms
Advanced solid state NMR spectroscopic techniques in the study of thermally modified wood
Mechanical properties of bamboo
Temperature acclimation of boreal conifer seedlings at the beginning and end of the growing season
Characterization of thermally modified wood by NMR spectroscopy : microstructure and moisture components
The handbook of biomass combustion and co-firing
The measurement of roundwood : methodologies and conversion ratios
Wood modification : processes, properties and commercialisation
Temperature distribution and plant responses of birch (Betula pendula roth.) at constant growth
What determines the timberline?
Wood-based boards : response to attack by mould and stain fungi
Cold acclimation in Scots pine
Heat disinfestation of mountain pine beetle-affected wood
Photosynthesis, CO2 and temperature : an approach to analyse the constrains to acclimation of trees to increasing CO2 concentration
Green energetics : from the modern technologies to a new philosophy : proceedings from the Fourth International Seminar : 9.-10. December 1998, Petrozavodsk, Russia
Implications of climate adaptability in provenance trials with Scots pine and Norway spruce in Finland for the possible effects of climate warming
Wood structure, properties and biological degradation : phD course in wood technology 20-25 April, 2009
Wood properties of northern forest trees grown under elevated CO2, O3 and temperature
Variation in strawberry (Fragaria X ananassa Duch.) yield, season, and fruit quality = Variasjonar i sesong, avling og fruktkvalitet i jordbær (Fragaria x ananassa Duch.)
High tech timber treatment
Mode I fracture behaviour of Norway spruce and silver birch in the radial-tangential and tangential-radial crack orientations
Frost hardiness of forest trees : a project summary
Branching in young apple trees (Malus domestica Borkh.) in relation to irradiance and temperature
Heating values of whole-tree biomass in young forests in Finland
Handbook of wood chemistry and wood composites
Millennia-long tree-ring chronologies as records of climate variability in Finland
Photosynthesis, chemical composition and anatomy of Scots pine and Norway spruce needles under elevated atmospheric CO2 concentration and temperature
Investigations on the annual cycle of development of forest trees : active period
Boreal and temperate trees in a changing climate : modelling the ecophysiology of seasonality
Insect pests and fresh horticultural products: treatments and responses
Forest tree physiology : proceedings of the International Symposium 25-30 September, 1988 Nancy, France
The cost competitiveness of conifer stumps in the procurement of forest chips for fuel in Southern and Northern Finland
Height increment of hybrid aspen Populus tremuloides × P. tremula as a function of weather conditions in south-western part of Latvia
Heat disinfestation of decay fungi found in post-mountain pine beetle wood
Atmospheric impacts on growth, secondary chemistry and herbivore resistance of birch and willow
Summary.
Interactions between near-ground temperature and radiation, silvicultural treatments and frost damage to Norway spruce seedlings. Ola Langvall
3rd International workshop on temperate zone fruits in the tropics and subtropics, Chiang Mai, Thailand, 12-16 December 1988
The aim of this study was to evaluate cost competitiveness, at regional level, of various systems for stump transportation and grinding, and to compare the results to the procurement costs of delimbed stems from early thinnings at the stand and regional level. The accumulation and procurement costs of stumps and delimbed stems were estimated within a 100-kilometer radius from two power plants located in Kouvola and in Kajaani. The analyses were performed as simulated treatments in clear cuts and thinnings of young stands, using existing productivity and cost functions, alternative ash percentages for stump wood, and yield calculations based on the forest industry regeneration felling stand data and the sample plots data of the National Forest Inventory of Finland. The results were expressed as Euros per solid cubic meter (€ m-3) and Euros per megawatt hour (€ MWh-1). The results highlight the need to improve stump fuel quality and increase the heating value. The procurement cost of stumps was about 1 € MWh-1 lower in Kouvola compared to Kajaani, when using conceivable ash content of 6% for stumps ground at the plant, and ash content of 1.5% for stumps pre-ground at the roadside landing. The procurement costs of stumps were, on average, 0.55 € MWh-1 lower compared to delimbed stems in Kouvola, and on average 0.6 € MWh-1 higher in Kajaani. Pre-grinding and integrated screening is a feasible way to guarantee the fuel quality expressed as ash content already at roadside landings, but the procurement costs are higher compared to grinding stumps at the plant, when the ash content of ground stumps is 6% or less..
Wood as a model material for medical biomaterials : in vivo and in vitro studies with bone and Betula pubescens Ehrh
Global atmospheric change and herbivory : effects of elevated levels of UV-B radiation, atmospheric CO2 and temperature on boreal woody plants and their herbivores
Simulation of soil temperature and moisture under different snow and frost conditions with COUP model
Plant production in the North
Regulation of growth onset and cessation in Norway spruce, Scots pine and silver birch
Wood modification : chemical, thermal and other processes
Effects of manufacturing temperatures on the properties of plywood
The physiological ecology of woody plants
Heating values of the above ground biomass of small-sized trees
Environmental stress and horticulture crops : a proceedings of the XXVI International Congress : Toronto, Canada, 11-17 August 2002
Wood deterioration, protection, and maintenance
Growth and wood properties of Scots pine trees (Pinus sylvestris L.) grown at elevated temperature and carbon dioxide concentration
High temperature drying : enhancing kiln operations
Effects of herbivory and climate change factors on BVOC emissions from boreal conifers
Mechanisms affecting the structure and properties of heat-treated and high-temperature dried Norway spruce (Picea abies) wood
Effects of elevated temperature and/or ozone on leaf structural characteristics and volatile organic compound emissions of northern deciduous tree and crop species
Improving the properties of solid scots pine (Pinus sylvestris) wood by using modification technology and agents
Measurement system in a wooden apartment building : Data acquisition system and web user interface
Bioenergy feasibility study : Berzasca, Romania
Woodbased fuels in small-scale regional heating plants
Thermo-hydro-mechanical processing of wood
Thermal modification of Sitka spruce
Heating values of mature trees
Application of logistics in a bioenergy plant
Mathematical model for the physiological clock and growth
For future generations : conservation of a Tudor maritime collection
This book provides an overview of how boreal and temperate tree species have adapted their annual cycle of development to the seasonally varying climatic conditions of the zone. The frost hardy dormant phase and the susceptible growth phase are synchronised with the seasonality of the climate. The volume discusses the annual cycle, including various attributes such as the timing of bud burst and other phenological events and the seasonality of photosynthetic capacity or the frost hardiness of the trees. During the last few decades, dynamic ecophysiological models have been increasingly used in studies of the annual cycle, particularly for projecting the ecological effects of climate change. The main emphasis in this volume is on combining the modelling approach with experimental studies and pursuing biological realism in the models.
Combined thermal treatment of CCA-wood waste and municipal sewage sludge for arsenic emissions control
Characteristics and storage of whole-tree biomass for energy
