http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p19257 love stories
love stories
Winter's passage
Arrested by love
Did I mention I need you?
Like water for chocolate : a novel in monthly installments with recipes, romances and home remedies
Pictures of romance : from against context in painting and literature
The dangerous lover : Gothic villains, Byronism, and the nineteenth-century seduction narrative
After leaving his job at an advertising agency, Ikushima flees the city and finds himself in the town of Amagasaki, where his brief encounters with troubled neighbors lead to a contemplation of suicide and eventually a love affair.
In a small southern town with a secret world hidden in plain sight, sixteen-year-old Lena, who possesses supernatural powers and faces a life-altering decision, draws away from her true love, Ethan, a mortal with frightening visions.
Sweeter with you
Trout Stanley : a play
Vision and narrative in Achilles Tatius' Leucippe and Clitophon
Princess in disguise : a Novella
Let it snow : three holiday romances
The lucky ones : a bright young things novel
In a small South Carolina town, where it seems little has changed since the Civil War, sixteen-year-old Ethan is powerfully drawn to Lena, a new classmate with whom he shares a psychic connection and whose family hides a dark secret that may be revealed on her sixteenth birthday.
The vintage book of love stories
Sense and sensibility
Ceremony of innecence : the mysterious correspondence of Griffin and Sabine
The favorite
The princess bride : S. Morgenstern's classic tale of true love and high adventure : the "good parts" version
Half of a yellow sun
Deception
Hidden : a firelight novel
Christmas on 4th Street
The flamboyant : a novel
The innkeeper of Ivy Hill
Romance revived : postmodern romances and the tradition
Vanish : a firelight novel
A mind-bending, relentlessly paced science-fiction thriller, in which an ordinary man is kidnapped, knocked unconscious--and awakens in a world inexplicably different from the reality he thought he knew.
Christmas at Twilight
The English patient
As the time for her werewolf transformation draws near and a deadly threat to the Dark Guardians escalates, Lindsey finds herself increasingly captivated by Rafe despite her long-standing commitment to Connor.
Selected works of Ba Jin. 1, The Family ; Autumn In Spring
The Rosie project
The house of frozen dreams
The king in the tree : three novellas
Bright young things
Gothic romanced : consumption, gender and technology in contemporary fictions
"In 1814, the Congress of Vienna has just begun. Diplomats battle over a new map of Europe, actors vie for a chance at glory, and aristocrats and royals from across the continent come together to celebrate the downfall of Napoleon"--
An erotic collection. Volume 2
Fracture me. Book 2
Scarlet Benoit and Wolf, a street fighter who may have information about her missing grandmother, join forces with Cinder as they try to stay one step ahead of the vicious Lunar Queen Levana in this story inspired by Little Red Riding Hood.
A right honorable gentleman
The night circus
The mulberry bush
City of lost souls
Beauty : a retelling of the story of Beauty & the beast
Stars of fortune
With violets
The rose and the dagger
Kind Beauty grows to love the Beast at whose castle she is compelled to stay and through her love releases him from the spell which had turned him from a handsome prince into an ugly beast.
Kisses from hell
Falling fast
She of the mountains
Frederick & Eloise : a love story
Golden lads and girls
Christmas in Mustang Creek
In 1401, Christine de Pizan (1365-1430?), one of the most renowned and prolific woman writers of the Middle Ages, wrote a letter to the provost of Lille criticizing the highly popular and widely read "Romance of the Rose" for its blatant and unwarranted misogynistic depictions of women. This work gives context to this debate.
After Nicole Perkins opens her store, The Christmas Attic, in Fool's Gold, California, business is booming. When recuperating army doctor Gabriel Boylan offers to help out during the holiday rush, she discovers his memories of Christmas past contain more sour grapes than sugarplums. Are the red-hot mistletoe kisses they can't stop sharing just a distraction for him-- or is true love just waiting to be unwrapped?
Just one day
A feast of dragons
The coincidence authority
The crane wife
Tales of the night
Elizabethan love stories
Novelistic love in the platonic tradition : Fielding, Faulkner, and the postmodernists
Racing Savannah
P.S. I still love you
Marry me at Christmas
The Rosie project : a novel
Over the Wall : tales from ancient Chinese plays
Hayden has the unique ability to feel the emotions of her fellow werewolves except for Daniel, an attractive and mysterious newcomer who she is not sure she can trust, especially when an ancient enemy targets the community, intent on killing Hayden.
Loverboys : stories
The Chatto book of love stories
Love in a green shade : idyllic romances ancient to modern
Definitely, maybe
Sir Eglamour of Artois
All I want
A pigeon and a boy : a novel
We'll always have summer
Someday, someday, maybe : a novel
As plague ravages the overcrowded Earth, observed by a ruthless lunar people, Cinder, a gifted mechanic and cyborg, becomes involved with handsome Prince Kai and must uncover secrets about her past in order to protect the world in this futuristic take on the Cinderella story.
Kafka on the shore
How they met and other stories
An erotic collection. Volume 1
Dear John
Debate of the Romance of the rose
Fallen in love : new tales from the Fallen world
A dictionary of medieval heroes : characters in medieval narrative traditions and their afterlife in literature, theatre, and the visual arts
The paradise bird tattoo
Thirteen moons : a novel
Romance writing
While working as a wilderness guide in the national forest where her parents were killed twelve years earlier, seventeen-year-old Kayla is powerfully drawn to Lucas, who she learns is her appointed guardian--and much more--as she discovers her true identity and destiny.
"A richly-researched fantasy set at the historical Congress of Vienna blends political machinations, forbidden alchemy, and romance between a widowed noblewoman and a charming con man"--
Love in the East and West : a comparison of Majnūn Laylā and Romeo and Juliet
The voice from within : intra-textual auctoritas in Gautiers d'Arras's Eracle
A collection of eighteen stories describing the surprises, sacrifices, doubts, pain, and joy of falling in love.
A torch against the night
The mammoth book of love bites
The carousel ; Voices in summer
All you want is money, all you need is love : sexuality and romance in modern India
Essays in love
Eighteen-year-old Jamie Cole has recently been released from juvenile detention after serving time for murder. A former car thief, Jamie is now determined to go straight. As he struggles to get his life on track, the last thing he expects is to meet Ellie Pearce. Ellie, a bright and vivacious 17-year old, has just ended a long-term relationship with the star of her school's football team, Miles. Their relationship seemed picture-perfect, but Miles was possessive and emotionally abusive in private. After years of feeling caged, she's ready to break away, and the last thing she wants is something serious. She spends the night with Jamie and agrees to see him on a casual basis - but soon they both have to admit there's nothing casual about their chemistry. The original Wattpad sensation - fully revised and with brand new content.
Americanah
The iron queen
Antony and Cleopatra : a Shakespeare story
Aphrodite's hat
The salt road
Fighting to be free
The mermaid chair
A kiss for midwinter
The wrath and the dawn
"Laia is a Scholar living under the iron-fisted rule of the Martial Empire. When her brother is arrested for treason, Laia goes undercover as a slave at the empire's greatest military academy in exchange for assistance from rebel Scholars who claim that they will help to save her brother from execution"-- Provided by publisher
The first love cookie club
Mr. Darcy's little sister
Nature in Jane Eyre
To bridal boutique owner Madeline Krug, organizing a Christmas wedding sounds like a joy - until she finds out she'll be working closely with the gorgeous brother of the bride, movie star Jonny Blaze. How will a small-town girl like her keep from falling for the world's sexiest guy? Especially with mistletoe lurking around every corner! Jonny came to Fool's Gold looking for normal, not for love. Happily-ever-after only happens in the movies. Still, nothing about this quirky town is quite what he expected, and "ordinary" Madeline is the most extraordinary woman he's ever met.
Lethal love : feminist literary readings of biblical love stories
An ember in the ashes : a novel
Don't tell me the truth about love
The 351 books of Irma Arcuri
Loving Frank : a novel
A march of kings
Just one year
Mischief and mistletoe
A quest of heroes
"To celebrate the rise of their new queen, three goddesses of the moon created three stars, one of fire, one of ice, one of water. But then they fell from the sky, putting the fate of all worlds in danger. And now three women and three men join forces to pick up the pieces... Sasha Riggs is a reclusive artist, haunted by dreams and nightmares that she turns into extraordinary paintings. Her visions lead her to the Greek island of Corfu, where five others have been lured to seek the fire star. Sasha recognizes them, because she has drawn them: a loner. All on a quest. All with secrets. Sasha is the one who holds them together the seer. And in the magician, Bran Killian, she sees a man of immense power and compassion. As Sasha struggles with her rare ability, Bran is there to support her, challenge her, and believe in her. But Sasha and Bran are just two of the six. And they all must work together as a team to find the fire star in a cradle of land beneath the sea. Over their every attempt at trust, unity, and love, a dark threat looms. And it seeks to corrupt everything that stands in its way of possessing the stars."Provided by publisher.
The lover as father figure in eighteenth-century women's fiction
Dying to Know You
Congress of secrets
Firelight
The end of the novel of love
Rape : a love story
The lifeblood of the village of Ivy Hill is its coaching inn, The Bell. When the innkeeper dies suddenly, his genteel wife, Jane, becomes the reluctant owner. With a large loan due, can Jane and her resentful mother-in-law, Thora, find a way to save the inn—and discover fresh hope for the future?
Beautiful days : a bright young things novel
Romancing the postmodern
Notes from underground
Wishes for Christmas
A holiday of love
The space between : an Outlander novella
The dandelion years
To all the boys I've loved before
City of bones
Cress is the third book in the bestselling Lunar Chronicles series, following Cinder and Scarlet. Incarcerated in a satellite, an expert hacker and out to save the world - Cress isn't your usual damsel in distress. Cress grew-up as a prisoner. With only net screens for company she's forced to do the bidding of the evil Queen Levana. Now that means tracking down Cinder and her handsome accomplice Emperor Kai. But little does Levana know that those she seeks, and the man she loves, are plotting her downfall...As paths cross and the price of freedom rises, happily ever after has never seemed further away for Cress, Scarlet and Cinder. This is not the fairy tale you remember. But it's one you won't forget..
City of glass
Isles of view
Dark of the moon
Seventeen-year-old Brittany was born into a secret community of werewolves, but when she fails to transform at her appointed time, she fears that she will never truly belong.
Hungry like the wolf
Shadow of the moon
Love hurts
The return journey and other stories
Swarms of locusts, record-breaking heat, and devastating storms ravage Gatlin as Ethan and Lena struggle to understand and control the impact of Lena's claiming, which is even causing her family members' abilities to dangerously misfire.
The shadow of the wind : a novel
The return journey
