http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p19241 steam turbins
steam turbins
Large power steam turbines : design and operation. Volume 1, Design
Power system stability and control
Steam plant operation
Power Plant Equipment Operation and Maintenance Guide : maximizing efficiency and profitability / Philip Kiameh
External corrosion and deposits : boilers and gas turbines
100 years of power plant development : focus on steam and gas turbines as prime movers
Development of turbine maintenance
Small scale Russian steam turbines in biomass fuelled power plants in CHP applications
Operation of machinery in ships : steam turbines, boilers and auxiliary plant
Selected papers from the journal of The Society of Naval Architects of Japan. Vol. 6, Turbine, boiler, diesel engine, shafting and propeller
Theory and design of steam and gas turbines
Boiler operation engineering : questions and answers
Turbine steam path : mechanical design and manufacture : Volume IIIb
This practical, one-of-a-kind field manual explains how equipment in industrial facilities operates and covers all aspects of commissioning relevant to engineers and project managers. This text contains a data log of all major industrial and power plant components, describes how they function, and includes rules of thumb for operation. Hundreds of handy reference materials, such as calculations and tables, plus a comprehensive listing of electrical parts with common supplier nomenclature are also included in this time-saving resource.
Powerplant technology
Steam turbines : design, applications, and rerating
Prime movers for generation of electricity : A : steam turbines
Turbine steam path : maintenance & repair. Volume 1
Computational modelling of non-equilibrium condensing steam flows in low-pressure steam turbines
Marine steam engines and turbines
Turbine steam path : mechanical design and manufacture : Volume IIIa
A practical guide to steam turbine technology
Advanced energy systems
Plant equipment and maintenance engineering handbook
Steam turbine theory and practice : a textbook for engineering students
Principles of turbomachinery
William P. Sanders, prominent expert in the field of steam turbines, brings the information and expertise of his seminars to this long-awaited practical approach to steam turbine maintenance and repair. This authoritative guide affords anyone seeking information on turbine steam path maintenance and repair a complete and focused working knowledge of the subject—from the experienced engineer to industry lay person. The reader of this book will be able to: •Identify the type and severity of any damage •Suggest possible cause of damage •Indicate the most appropriate corrective actions available With thought-provoking examples, numerous photographs and figures, and an excellent simplification of a complicated topic, Turbine Steam Path Maintenance & Repair, Volume 1 is sure to be an invaluable resource readers turn to many times during their careers!
Thermodynamics for dummies
Large power steam turbines : design and operation. Volume 2, Operations
Marine steam turbines
