http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1929 bat-and-ball games
bat-and-ball games racquet sports
Legends of Wimbledon : Stefan Edberg & Björn Borg
Abstract.
Baseball for dummies
The house on Maple street and other stories
Exploring the customer experience for 4DSwing golf coaching technology
Bat and ball sports
American Indian lacrosse : little brother of war
Winning ugly : mental warfare in tennis - lessons from a master
Science and racket sports. II
Take me out to the pesis game!
Science and golf : proceedings of the First World Scientific Congress of Golf, University of St Andrews, St Andrews, Scotland, 9-13th July 1990
The complete book of games
Eye injuries in ball - and raquet sports : frame protection to prevent them
The unquiet ones : a history of Pakistan cricket
Ian McKenzie's squash skills
Sport aerodynamics
Science and racket sports. III, The procedings of the eighth International Table Tennis Federation Sports Science Congress and the Third World Congress of Science and Racket Sports
Hockey : the skills of the game
The goaltenders' union : hockey's greatest puckstoppers, acrobats, and flakes
The rules of the golf : a history of the rules of golf
Handbook of athletic games for players, instructors, and spectators, comprising fifteen major ball games, track and field athletics and rowing races
Stretching for racquet sports
This guide is designed to help the reader get more out of the game of table tennis. It covers core skills, drills and tactics of the game.
Baseball and softball
Science and racket sports. IV
Neck and shoulder pain in a young population : prevalence and etiological factors
In sport disciplines such as running, ice skating, bicycling and cross-country skiing the aerodynamic drag force constitutes the major obstacle to overcome. Furthermore, in ski jumping and in various activities involving a ball the aerodynamic lift force comes in addition into action. This book describes the various sport disciplines on the basis of aerodynamic analysis and also covers the biomechanics part by illustrative performance examples. Such treatment of the underlying physical phenomena of sport activities gives a valuable supplement to existing literature on sport. The reader will also be guided to references which exist for the various topics discussed, so she or he can go into a deeper study of the particular sport activity at wish.
Game understanding and game performance in badminton : development and validation of assessment instruments and their application to games teaching and coaching
Don't call me goon : a tribute to hockey's great enforcers, bad boys, and gunslingers
Table tennis : steps to success
Science and racket sports
