http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p19371 analytical geometry
analytical geometry
Schaum's outline of theory and problems of geometry : includes plane, analytic, and transformational geometries
Pythagorean-hodograph curves : algebra and geometry inseparable
Classical complex analysis : a geometric approach. Vol. 2
Thomas' calculus : metric edition
Analytical geometry of three dimensions
Analytic geometry
Calculus of one variable
Calculus with analytical geometry
Coordinate geometry : polar coordinates approach
Classical complex analysis : a geometric approach. Vol. 1
The calculus with analytic geometry
Differential Geometry
Introductory analysis. Vol. 1-2
Geometry of conics
Calculus with analytic geometry
On Picard-type theorems and boundary behavior of quasiregular mappings
Computational and algorithmic linear algebra and N-dimensional geometry
An algebraic approach to geometry : geometric trilogy II
Conformal representation
Kinematic geometry of surface machining
A first course in calculus with analytic geometry
Non-Archimedean analysis : a systematic approach to rigid analytic geometry
Analytic projective geometry
Calculus and analytic geometry
Thomas' calculus
Calculus : the classic edition
This is a unified treatment of the various algebraic approaches to geometric spaces. The study of algebraic curves in the complex projective plane is the natural link between linear geometry at an undergraduate level and algebraic geometry at a graduate level, and it is also an important topic in geometric applications, such as cryptography. 380 years ago, the work of Fermat and Descartes led us to study geometric problems using coordinates and equations. Today, this is the most popular way of handling geometrical problems. Linear algebra provides an efficient tool for studying all the first degree (lines, planes) and second degree (ellipses, hyperboloids) geometric figures, in the affine, the Euclidean, the Hermitian and the projective contexts. But recent applications of mathematics, like cryptography, need these notions not only in real or complex cases, but also in more general settings, like in spaces constructed on finite fields. And of course, why not also turn our attention to geometric figures of higher degrees? Besides all the linear aspects of geometry in their most general setting, this book also describes useful algebraic tools for studying curves of arbitrary degree and investigates results as advanced as the Bezout theorem, the Cramer paradox, topological group of a cubic, rational curves etc. Hence the book is of interest for all those who have to teach or study linear geometry: affine, Euclidean, Hermitian, projective; it is also of great interest to those who do not want to restrict themselves to the undergraduate level of geometric figures of degree one or two.
Geometry. 2
Guide to essential math : a review for physics, chemistry and engineering students
Analytic geometry and calculus
