http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p19335 women's rights organisations
women's rights organisations
Golden cables of sympathy : the transatlantic sources of nineteenth-century feminism
Collection of case studies of single women (widows)
Worlds of women : the making of an international women's movement
Post-war feminism in Finland
Revolt, she said
The mobilisation of women and the birth of civil society
The civil society and rural development : -Nordic and Baltic Experiences
Fascinating articles on a range of issues relating to South Asia, feminisms and women. The contributions interrogate the political, and elucidate women's participation in politics exploring the impact of religion on women's lives and the use of religion and tradition. It investigates the political intersections of feminism, ethics and violence.
International Women's Conference, Bad Reichenhall, Germany, Septembert 25-30, 1950
Gender politics in Asia : women manoeuvring within dominant gender orders
Feminism in Russia, 1900-17
Finnish Federation of University Women 1922-1949
"The male absent" : ideals and pictures of reality in an institutional female world during the 20th century
Last call : the rise and fall of Prohibition
Women's movements and international organizations
Can feminism survive capitalism : challenges feminist discourses face in promoting women's rights in post-Soviet Europe
The women's movement
Image and experience : photographs of Irishwomen c. 1880 - 1920
Restorative justice and violence against women
Women in the sanctuary movement
40 years of woman suffrage in Finland
Towards a new democratic order : women's organizing in Sweden in the 1990s
Report of seventh congress, Budapest, Hungary, June 15, 16, 17, 18, 19, 20, 21, 1913
Helvi Sipilä : nainen maailman huipulla = woman at the top of the world
Activists beyond borders : advocacy networks in international politics
Report of the ... congress / International Alliance of Women for Suffrage and Equal Citizenship = Rapport de ... congrès / Alliance Internationale pour le Suffrage et l'Action Civique et Politique des Femmes = Bericht des ... Kongresses / Weltbund für Frauenstimmrecht und Staatsbürgerliche Arbeit
Transforming female identities : women's organizational forms in West Africa
Despite significant accomplishments over the past 35 years, antiviolence activists know that justice for most abused women remains elusive. Most victims do not call the police or seek help from the courts, making it crucial to identify new ways for survivors to find justice. This path-breakting book examines new justice pracitves for victims that are being used in the United States, Canada, Australia, and New Zealand. These informal, dialogue-based practices, referred to as "restorative justice", seek to decrease the role of the state in responding to crime, and increase the involvement of communities in meeting the needs of victims and offenders. Restorative justice is most commonly used to address youth crimes and is generally not recommended or disallowed for cases of rape, domestic violence, and child sexual abuse. Nevertheless, restorative practices are beginning to be used to address violent crime ... (Quelle: Text Verlag / Verlag).
The women's liberation movement in Russia : feminism, nihilism, and bolshevism, 1860-1930
Problems and challenges of single women (widows) in Nepal : a study
South Asian Feminisms : Negotiating New Terrains
Most Western democracies established women's policy agencies to improve the status of women by the 1990s. However, the political context has changed drastically: developments such as welfare state reform, multilevel governance, regionalization and decentralization have impinged on opportunities for agencies and women's movements to mobilize. One of the book's key questions is how have women's policy agencies been able to develop, maintain or enhance their roles in the transformed political context and how have women's movements adapted to change in twelve states.
20th International Congress of the Women's International League for Peace and Freedom : Tokyo, Japan 11th-15th August 1977.
The IAWM journal
Changing state feminism
A journey towards empowerment & the status of single women in Nepal
The Matriarchs of England's Cooperative Movement : a study in Gender Politics and Female Leadership, 1883-1921
100 years of women's lives and actions
A shifting policy environment divides the impact of state feminism in Finland
