http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1938 senses
senses
How the body works
The eye : a very short introduction
Preattentive detection of rare audiovisual feature conjunctions by the human brain as reflected by the mismatch negativity
Rehabilitation nursing : prevention, intervention, and outcomes
This study of vision in 'Morte Darthur' examines the role played by sight - seeing and being seen - in its construction of gender, highlighting also the influence of the romance genre in this process.
English summary.
Clinical anatomy & physiology for veterinary technicians
Sensory analysis : identification and selection of descriptors for establishing a sensory profile by a multidimensional approach
Self-regulation interventions and strategies : keeping the body, mind and emotions on task in children with autism, ADHD or sensory disrorders
Does taste matter? : the effect of taste perception on avoidance learning in avian predators
Multivariate data analysis in sensory and consumer science
A mango-shaped space : a novel
A cultural history of the senses. Volume 3, In the Renaissance
A cultural history of the senses. Volume 4, In the age of Enlightenment
Perceiving similarity and comprehending metaphor
How does the ear hear? : and other questions about... the five senses
Smell and the ancient senses
Synaesthesia and the ancient senses
The man who tasted shapes : a bizarre medical mystery offers revolutionary insights into emotions, reasoning and consciousness
Fish physiology. 5, Sensory systems and electric organs
Olfaction and taste XII : an international symposium
See inside your head
Descartes' punctum Archimedis : the primality and unity of being, the derivativeness of the generated dualities
Emotions in branding : a study of the power of emotions in consumer brand choice
The five senses in medieval and early modern England
The effect of compression socks on balance skills : randomized controlled trial
The echo chamber
One reason that these questions are important is that we are receiving a huge influx of new information from the sciences that challenges some traditional philosophical views abtout the senses. This information needs to be incorporated into our view of the senses and perception. Can we do this whilst retaining our pre-existing concepts of the senses and of perception or do we need to revise our concepts? If they need to be revised, then in what way should that be done? Research in diverse areas, such as the nature of human perception, varieties of non-human animal perception, the interaction between different sensory modalities, perceptual disorders, and possible treatments for them, calls into question the platitude that there are five senses, as well as the pre-supposition that we know what we are counting when we count them as five (or more). --
Effects of gluten and transglutaminase on microstructure, sensory characteristics and instrumental texture of oat bread
The last banquet
Sensory neurophysiology : with special reference to the cat
Jubb, Kennedy, and Palmer's pathology of domestic animals. Vol. 2
"Johns Hopkins neuroscientist and bestselling author of The Compass of Pleasure, David J. Linden presents an engaging and fascinating examination of how the interface between our sense of touch and our emotional responses affects our social interactions as well as our general health and development. Accessible in its wit and clarity, Touch explores scientific advances in the understanding of touch that help explain our sense of self and our experience of the world. From skin to nerves to brain, the organization of the body's touch circuits powerfully influences our lives--affecting everything from consumer choice to sexual intercourse, tool use to the origins of language, chronic pain to healing. Interpersonal touch is crucial to social bonding and individual development. Linden lucidly explains how sensory and emotional context work together to distinguish between perceptions of what feels good and what feels bad. Linking biology and behavioral science, Linden offers an entertaining and enlightening answer to how we feel in every sense of the word"--
Me and my body
Perfume : the story of a murderer
Anatomy and physiology of farm animals
Wonders of life
Event-related potentials to cross-modal stimuli reveal altered sensory gating in aged
The representation of auditory space in human cortex
1,001 facts about the human body
Experience offers a reading experience like no other. A heat-sensitive cover by Olafur Eliasson reveals words, colors, and a drawing when touched by human hands. Endpapers designed by Carsten Holler are printed in ink containing carefully calibrated quantities of the synthesized human pheromones estratetraenol and androstadienone, evokingthe suggestibility of human desire. The margins and edges of the book are designed by Tauba Auerbach in complementary colors that create a dynamically shifting effect when the book is shifted or closed. When the book is opened, bookmarks cascade from the center, emerging from spider web prints by Tomas Saraceno. Experience produces experience while bringing the concept itself into relief as an object of contemplation. The sensory experience of the book as a physical object resonates with the intellectual experience of the book as a container of ideas. Experience convenes a conversation with artists, musicians, philosophers, anthropologists, historians, and neuroscientists, each of whom explores aspects of sensorial and cultural realms of experience.
Sensing Nepal in a Peer Student Created Multi-sensory Environment
A spider's world : senses and behavior
Pressure to change and resistance against it: consumer perceptions and acceptance of nutritionally modified foods
Soundscape Research: Sounds That Describe the Image of Keski-Uusimaa and Riihimäki Region in Marketing the Area
Sensory integration and self-regulation in infants and toddlers : helping very young children interact with their environment
The reliability of sense perception
Digital watermarking techniques for printed images
The physiology of insect senses
The eye is one of the most remarkable achievements of evolution, evolving up to 40 times in different parts of the animal kingdom. For humans, vision is the most important sense, and much of our brains are used to process visual information.
Touch this : graphic design that feels good
Everyday multisensory environments, wellness technology and snoezelen : ISNA-MSE's XII World Conference 30-31.10.2014, HAMK University of Applied Sciences, Visamäki, Finland
Chemoreception in marine organisms
Light and life in the sea
The life of the senses : introduction to a modal anthropology
Animal voices : telepathic communication in the web of life
Stimulus-response (S-R) tests provide a unique way to acquire information about human perception by capturing automatic responses to stimuli and attentional processes. This paper presents OpenSR, a user-centered S-R testing framework providing a graphical user interface that can be used by researchers to customize, administer, and manage one type of S-R test, the implicit association test. OpenSR provides an extensible open-source Web-based framework that is platform independent and can be implemented on most computers using any operating system. In addition, it provides capabilities for automatically generating and assigning participant identifications, assigning participants to different condition groups, tracking responses, and facilitating collecting and exporting of data. The Web technologies and languages used in creating the OpenSR framework are discussed, namely, HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, Twitter Bootstrap, Python, and Django. OpenSR is available for free download..
Body science
Category-ratio scaling of sensory magnitude in comparison with other methods
Hooray for Hoppy!
Current opinion and novel practices for perioperative pain management in dogs and cats. Part 2, Use of loco-regional techniques
Sensory integrative approaches in occupational therapy
Alexandra Horowitz, the author of the lively, highly informative New York Times best selling blockbuster Inside of a Dog, explains how dogs perceive the world through their most spectacular organ, the nose, and how humans can put their under-used sense of smell to work in surprising ways.
Sensory evolution on the threshold : adaptations in secondarily aquatic vertebrates
The senses : classic and contemporary philosophical perspectives
Mapping the mind
A natural history of the senses
The Usborne first encyclopedia of science
The ecology of a freshwater crustacean: Lepidurus arcticus (Brachiopoda; Notostraca) in a High Arctic region
Food safety and food quality
Multisensory flavor perception : from fundamental neuroscience through to the marketplace
An investigation of the clinical assessment of joint position sense
Child's play : Montessori games and activities for your baby and toddler
"The Cultural History of the Senses set delves into the sensory foundations of Western civilization, taking a comprehensive period-by-period approach which provides a broad understanding of the life of the senses from antiquity to the modern day. Each of the volumes explores the following topics: The Social Life of the Senses; Urban Sensations; The Senses in the Marketplace; The Senses in Religion; The Senses in Philosophy and Science; Medicine and the Senses; The Senses in Literature; Art and the Senses; and Sensory Media. Superbly illustrated, this six-volume set is the most authoritative and comprehensive historical survey of the senses available."--Page 4 of cover.
Afraid that she is crazy, thirteen-year-old Mia, who sees a special color with every letter, number, and sound, keeps this a secret until she becomes overwhelmed by school, changing relationships, and the loss of something important to her.
Hearing gestures : vocalisations as embodied projections of intentionality in designing non-speech sounds for communicative functions
Amazing  toddlers : moving, communicating,   learning
Sensory analysis : general guidance for the design of test rooms
Multisensory development
How animals work
Color vision : perspectives from different disciplines
Night creatures
Humidity perception in Drosophila melanogaster
The senses considered as perceptual systems
Sensory smarts : a book for kids with ADHD or autism spectrum disorders struggling with sensory integration problems
Experience : culture, cognition, and the common sense
OpenSR: an open-source stimulus-response testing framework
Sensual reading : new approaches to reading in its relations to the senses
The smell of battle, the taste of siege : a sensory history of the Civil War
Boreal unifloral honeys : screening of composition and properties
Adolescent/adult sensory profile : user's manual
Sensory analysis - methodology - ranking
Your body. 5, Seeing, hearing and tasting
Optical illusions. S. Tolansky
From John of Apamea to Mark's Gospel : two dialogues with Thomasios: a hermeneutical reading of Horáō, Blépō, and Theōréō
Efficiency of temporal integration of sinusoidal flicker
The complete idiot's guide to anatomy
My head-to-toe body book
The agile mind : how your brain makes creativity happen
Touching : the human significance of the skin
The senses, or sensory modalities, constitute the different ways we have of perceiving the world, such as seeing, hearing, touching, tasting, and smelling. But how many senses are there? How many could there be? What makes the senses different? What interaction takes place between the senses? This book is a guide to thinking about these questions. Together with an extensive introduction to the topic, the book contains the key classic papers on this subject and nine newly commissioned essays. --
Is it possible to see, hear, touch, smell and taste God? How do we understand the biblical promise that the 'pure in heart' will 'see God'? Christian thinkers as diverse as Origen of Alexandria, Bonaventure, Jonathan Edwards and Hans Urs von Balthasar have all approached these questions in distinctive ways by appealing to the concept of the 'spiritual senses'. In focusing on the Christian tradition of the 'spiritual senses', this book discusses how these senses relate to the physical senses and the body, and analyzes their relationship to mind, heart, emotions, will, desire and judgement. The contributors illuminate the different ways in which classic Christian authors have treated this topic, and indicate the epistemological and spiritual import of these understandings. The concept of the 'spiritual senses' is thereby importantly recovered for contemporary theological anthropology and philosophy of religion.
Eye and brain : the psychology of seeing
The man who tasted shapes
Multisensory museum : cross-disciplinary perspectives on touch, sound, smell, memory, and space
The body : a complete user's guide : how your body functions and how to keep it healthy and strong
Brand aesthetics : the concept, usage and effectiveness
Perceptual coherence : hearing and seeing
The Usborne complete book of the human body
Snoezelen : application fields in practice
Bird sense : what it's like to be a bird
Sensual home : liberate your senses and change your life
Temporal acuity in developmental dyslexia across the life span : tactile, auditory, visual, and crossmodal estimations
Train your brain to be a genius
The merging of senses
Handbook of perception. 3, Biology of perceptual systems
Visual reaction time : neural conditions for the equivalence of stimulus area and contrast
Supporting children with learning difficulties : holistic solutions for severe, profound and multiple disabilities
The senses of animals
The human senses
Thyroid function of mother and child and their impact on the child’s neuropsychological development
Mitochondrial DNA sequence variation in Finnish patients with maternally inherited type 2 diabetes, epilepsy and mitochondrial disease: risk and novel mutations
Sensory characteristics of 17 apple cultivars commonly grown in Finland were compared over three harvest years (2009-2011). Descriptive analysis with a trained panel (n = 11-14) comprised 17 attributes rated from 0 ('not at all') to 10 ('very'): four appearance (green, red, area of red colour, skin waxiness), three odour (intense, grassy, fruity), five  texture (hard, crispy, mealy, juicy, tough peel), and five flavour (intense, sour, sweet, astringent, diverse) attributes. Ratedintensities differed between the harvest years but their magnitude and direction of change varied according to the cultivar. Odour and flavour ratings tended to be higher in 2009 than in 2010 and 2011. The summer 2009 was fairly normal, while summer 2010 was hot and dry, and summer 2011  hot and humid. These climate may explain some of the differences between the first and the two subsequent years. Late season cultivars tended to be relatively stable against annual effects.
Both a vital theoretical work and a fine illustration of the principles and practice of sensory ethnography, this much anticipated translation is destined to figure as a major catalyst in the expanding field of sensory studies. Drawing on his own fieldwork in Brazil and Japan and a wide range of philosophical, literary and cinematic sources, the author outlines his vision for a 'modal anthropology'. François Laplantine challenges the primacy accorded to 'sign' and 'structure' in conventional social science research, and redirects attention to the tonalities and rhythmic intensities of different ways of living. Arguing that meaning, sensation and sociality cannot be considered separately, he calls for a "politics of the sensible" and a complete reorientation of our habitual ways of understanding reality.The book also features an introduction to the sensory and social thought of Francois Laplantine and the Sensory Studies series by series editor David Howes.
Biology of sensory systems
Content-based approach to experiencing visual art
Too loud, too bright, too fast, too tight : what to do if you are sensory defensive in an over-stimulating world
Saltiness of coarsely ground cooked ham with reduced salt content
Out of your mind : the links between brain and body
Romantic things : a tree, a rock, a cloud
Odd perceptions
365 brainpower tips
Perception, conscience and will in ancient philosophy
The effect of cue media on recollections
COFFEE TASTE ANALYSIS OF AN ESPRESSO COFFEE USING NUCLEAR MAGNETIC SPECROSCOPY
Inside of a dog : what dogs see, smell, and know
Touch : the science of the sense that makes us human
Ergonomics : how to design for ease and efficiency
Comprehensive insect physiology, biochemistry and pharmacology. Volume 6, Nervous system : sensory
Editors' introduction : a practice-based view on the  body, senses and knowing in organization
Vertebrate vision : about physical determinants of photoreceptor sensitivity and kinetics
A cultural history of the senses. Volume 6, In the modern age
"It's all right" : multimodal rightward spatial bias modified by age and praxis
"This fascinating volume offers a transdisciplinary and transcultural approach to understanding the senses by exploring themes in anthropologies of sound, sight, smell, taste, touch, and movement as expressed through aesthetic, perceptual, religious, and spiritual experiences. In drawing upon comparative perspectives from Indian and Western theories, the essays demonstrate the integral relation of senses with each other as well as with allied notions of the body, emotion and cultural memory. Stressing the continued relevance of senses as they manifest in a globalized world under the influence of new media, this work will interest scholars of anthropology, cultural studies, sociology, ritual studies, psychology, religion, philosophy, and history."--From back cover.
Human senses and perception
The universe inside you : the extreme science of the human body from quantum theory to the mysteries of the brain
Relating microstructure, sensory and instrumental texture of processed oat
Ritual, performance and the senses
Neuroenology : how the brain creates the taste of wine
Being a dog : following the dog into a world of smell
A Collection of Classic and Contemporary Articles on the Philosophy of the Senses --
A cultural history of the senses
Sensory mechanisms
Human body : a children's encyclopedia
Consumer evaluation of scrab-resistant apple cultivars in Sweden
Biological psychology : an illustrated survival guide
Creating multi-sensory environments : practical ideas for teaching and learning
The thermal contribution to photoactivation in A2 visual pigments studied by temperature effects on spectral properties
Memory-Based Mismatch Response to Frequency Changes in Rats
Horse and stable management
Asymmetries of the visual space
The size of major mammalian sensory organs as measured from cranial characters, and their relation to the biology and evolution of mammals
The senses
BIOS Instant Notes in Neuroscience, Third Edition, is the perfect text for undergraduates looking for a concise introduction to the subject, or a study guide to use before examinations. Each topic begins with a summary of essential facts-an ideal revision checklist-followed by a description of the subject that focuses on core information, with clear, simple diagrams that are easy for students to understand and recall in essays and exams. BIOS Instant Notes in Neuroscience, Third Edition, is fully up-to-date and covers: Organization of the Nervous System Neuron Excitation Synapses Neurotransmitters Elements of Neural Computing Somatosensory Systems Vision Hearing Smell and Taste Motor Function: Spinal Cord and Brainstem Movement: Cortex, Cerebellum and Basal Ganglia Neuroendocrinology and Autonomic Functions Brain and Behaviour Learning and Memory Neuroscience Methods.
"The New York Times bestselling author examines how our sense of touch and emotion are interconnected   Johns Hopkins neuroscientist and bestselling author of The Compass of Pleasure, David J. Linden presents an engaging and fascinating examination of how the interface between our sense of touch and our emotional responses affects our social interactions as well as our general health and development. Accessible in its wit and clarity, Touch explores scientific advances in the understanding of touch that help explain our sense of self and our experience of the world.  From skin to nerves to brain, the organization of the body's touch circuits powerfully influences our lives-affecting everything from consumer choice to sexual intercourse, tool use to the origins of language, chronic pain to healing. Interpersonal touch is crucial to social bonding and individual development. Linden lucidly explains how sensory and emotional context work together to distinguish between perceptions of what feels good and what feels bad. Linking biology and behavioral science, Linden offers an entertaining and enlightening answer to how we feel in every sense of the word"--
Vision and gender in Malory's Morte Darthur
Exploring the senses : South Asian and European perspectives on rituals and performativity
Can the human brain detect changes in the time cource of conjoined frequency and intensity, as indexed by the mismatch negativity (MMN)
The science of wine : from vine to glass
The quiet girl
Annual variation in sensory characteristics of seventeen apple cultivars
A cultural history of the senses. Volume 5, In the age of empire
Handbook of machine olfaction : electronic nose technology
Living sensationally : understanding your senses
The spiritual senses : perceiving God in Western Christianity
Sensory processes
"Ritual, Performance and the Senses is a unique and timely collection at the heart of which is an experiment in anthropological theory. It explores the possibility of developing a new anthropology of ritual by combining theoretical insights from three distinct domains of anthropological inquiry: cognitive/neuroanthropology, performance studies and the anthropology of the senses. These three areas of study are often considered, and indeed operate institutionally, as distinct academic sub-fields, and yet they share substantive objects of study, with their focus on experience, the body and the relationships between percept, concept and action. Bringing together scholars from each of these disciplines to consider the potential for drawing insights from each area to help to theorize ritual, this collection sheds new light on one of anthropology's most enduring research objects: by understanding ritual we understand processes at the very centre of human social life - of humanity itself. This will be invaluable reading for students and scholars of anthropology, cognitive science, performance studies and religious studies"--
Co-creating understanding of the role of senses in magazine paper selection
Wine science : Principles and applications
On the measurement of large color differences
The human body book
Response characteristics of the peripheral mechanoreceptive units in man : relation to the sensation magnitude and to the task of the subject
Exploring matter with TOYS : using and understanding the senses
Perception
Touch : the science of hand, heart, and mind
Multi-sensory environments in the classroom provide a wealth of stimulating learning experiences for all young children whose senses are still under development. This highly practical guide to creating and using multi-sensory environments is packed full of ideas for low-cost, easy to assemble multi-sensory environments, accompanied with suggestion for use with clear learning outcomes, also linked to the P levels for children with special educational needs.
Multisensory environments in social care : participation and empowerment in sociocultural multisensory work
Magic and mystery of birds : the surprising lives of birds and what they reveal about being human
Studies on the habituation of the electrodermal orienting reaction
Stratification in cognition and consciousness
What the dog knows : scent, science, and the amazing ways dogs perceive the world
History and philosophy of science. 30, Science and ESP
