http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p19324 Silicon Valley
Silicon Valley
The Silicon Valley of dreams : environmental injustice, immigrant workers, and the high-tech global economy
The Internet is not the answer
Entrepreneurship and innovation in second tier regions
Silicon Valley. The complete second season
Signing-up : the culture and careers of Silicon Valley computer people
Make it new : the history of Silicon Valley design
This book presents a new management model that has evolved in Silicon Valley. The future will favor companies that can migrate to a management model, better suited for the times. The abilities to remain entrepreneurial and innovate constantly will be essential for all companies in an innovation economy. However, most firms still use industrial-age management models that are not suited to attracting and energizing entrepreneurial talent. This book imbibes latest results from a year-long study of Google's approaches to management, and finds similar principles being applied at companies including, Facebook, LinkedIn, Twitter, Tesla Motors, and Apigee. By distilling on the aspects that work across a variety of innovative firms, the authors present a synthesis that could have profound implications for managers everywhere." -- Back cover.
The Airbnb story : how three guys disrupted an industry, made billions of dollars ... and plenty of enemies
Elon Musk : Tesla, SpaceX, and the quest for a fantastic future
Elon Musk : how the billionaire CEO of SpaceX and Tesla is shaping our future
Making Silicon Valley : innovation and the growth of high tech, 1930-1970
Geek Silicon Valley
What makes Silicon Valley tick : the ecology of innovation at work
A history of Silicon Valley : the greatest creation of wealth in the history of the planet
Halt and catch fire. Season 1
Understanding growth and non-growth in entrepreneurial economies : analysis of startup industries and experimental winner generation in Finland, Israel and Silicon Valley
California's Silicon Valley is home to the greatest concentration of designers in the world: corporate design offices at flagship technology companies and volunteers at nonprofit NGOs; global design consultancies and boutique studios; research laboratories and academic design programs. Together they form the interconnected network that is Silicon Valley. Apple products are famously "Designed in California," but, as Barry Katz shows in this first-ever, extensively illustrated history, the role of design in Silicon Valley began decades before Steve Jobs and Steve Wozniak dreamed up Apple in a garage. Offering a thoroughly original view of the subject, Katz tells how design helped transform Silicon Valley into the most powerful engine of innovation in the world. From Hewlett-Packard and Ampex in the 1950s to Google and Facebook today, design has provided the bridge between research and development, art and engineering, technical performance and human behavior. Katz traces the origins of all of the leading consultancies -- including IDEO, frog, and Lunar -- and shows the process by which some of the world's most influential companies came to place design at the center of their business strategies. At the same time, universities, foundations, and even governments have learned to apply "design thinking" to their missions. Drawing on unprecedented access to a vast array of primary sources and interviews with nearly every influential design leader -- including Douglas Engelbart, Steve Jobs, and Don Norman -- Katz reveals design to be the missing link in Silicon Valley's ecosystem of innovation.
Silicon Valley. The complete first season
The internet is not the answer
Artifacts : an archaeologist's year in Silicon Valley
Silicon Valley journey : experiences of Finnish IT startups from dot-com boom to 2010
The Silicon Valley model : management for entrepreneurship
Discusses the radical companies of the new Silicon Valley that are rewriting the rules of business and sidestepping ethical and legal obstacles in the process.
The upstarts : how Uber, Airbnb, and the killer companies of the new Silicon Valley are changing the world
Secrets of Silicon Valley : what everyone else can learn from the innovation capital of the world
Knowledge management systems implementation : lessons from the Silicon Valley
