http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p19305 belief legends
belief legends
The ghosts of Vaasa
Saami religion : based on papers read at the Symposium on Saami Religion, held at Åbo, Finland, on the 16th-18th of August 1984
More tales alive in Turkey
The round house
Folklore and ethnicity : expanding boundaries
Bad Santas and other creepy Christmas characters
Folk tales, tall tales, trickster tales, and legends of the supernatural from the Pinelands of New Jersey
Shamanic songs and myths of Tuva
Folklore on two continents : essays in honor of Linda Dégh
Nine tails to the Inaridou
Hispanic legends from New Mexico : narratives from the R. D. Jameson collection
An account of the Sámi : a translation of Muitalus sámiid birra, based on the Sámi original
Through the ages. 1, Folklore as a common expression of lingual, figurative, emotional and mental memory
Dictionary of faiths and folklore : beliefs, superstitions and popular customs
Summary in Estonian.
The migratory legends : a proposed list of types with a systematic catalogue of the Norwegian variants
Myth and mentality : studies in folklore and popular thought
The good people : new fairylore essays
Scandinavian folk belief and legend
December's child : a book of Chumash oral narratives
"The coon in the box" : a global folktale in African-American context
Folk belief and traditions of the supernatural
Crossing the border : a sampler of Irish migratory legends about the supernatural
The devil and the deep : a guide to nautical myths & superstitions
Studies in Japanese folklore
A folklore sampler from the maritimes : with a bibliographical essay on the folktale in English
Legends of trolls and the Bible
Japanese children's favorite stories
Notes on the collection, classification and life of Finnish mythological folk legends
Finnish folklore atlas. 2, Ethnic Culture of Finland
Tree people
Legend-tripping online : supernatural folklore and the search for Ong's hat
An encyclopedia of plants in myth, legend, magic and lore
Co-habiting with ghosts : knowledge, experience, belief and the domestic uncanny
The enchanted wood and other tales from Finland
"I almost believe" : encounters with the supernatural in Teno Sámi belief tradition.
The vampire : a casebook
A dictionary of English folklore
Legend and belief : dialectics of a folklore genre
The dead, things past and things far away : Finnish hiisi otherworld legends
Encyclopedia of Russian & Slavic myth and legend
Icelandic-Canadian oral narratives
The native American sweat lodge : history & legends
Pilgrims' reflections on the Camino de Santiago and Glastonbury as expressions of vernacular religion : fieldworker's perspective
Mythology of the Norse gods : myths and legends of the Nordic world
The supernatural milk-stealer in Lithuanian folklore and its counterparts in other national traditions of the Baltic Sea Region
Belief stories without belief
Handbook for experience stagers
The native American sweat lodge : history and legends
Have ghosts vanished with industrialism?
A glimpse of the Sámi earth spirits
Legends are alive : review of The 2012 Belief Narrative Network symposium, 28th-30th August 2012, Novi Sad, Serbia
World flutelore : folktales, myths, and other stories of magical flute power
The social life of dreams : a thousand years of negotiated meanings in Iceland
The book of the Cailleach : stories of the wise-woman healer
The chronotope of enchantment
Childrens book of mythical beasts and magical monsters
Narrative time-spaces in belief legends
Powers of death : church-väki in the Finnish folk belief tradition
Keepers of the night : native american stories and nocturnal activities for children
'And it was such a strange bird...' : two men's experiences and narratives of the water-sprite
Introduction to folklore
Contemporary fieldwork and archival recordings
Mexican tales and legends from Veracruz
Studies in oral narrative
A dictionary of British folk-tales in the English language : incorporating the F. J. Norton collection. Part B, Folk legends. Vol. 2
Finnish folklore
Banshees, werewolves, vampires, and other creatures of the night : facts, fictions, and first-hand accounts
The year 2010 marked the one-hundredth anniversary of the first publication of Johan Turi's Muitalus samiid birra (An Account of the Sami), the first secular book ever published in Sami language. Turi's book is a classic of Sami literature and cultural history. It provides fascinating insights into Sami traditional practices, from reindeer husbandry to hunting and trapping, to childbirth, healing, courtship and song. Turi's Account provides a unique glimpse of turn-of-the-twentieth-century Sami life, and provides fascinating points of comparison with the writings of other indigenous authors from other parts of the world. -- The translation is the work of Thomas A. DuBois. Also included in the present edition are exemplars of Turi's artwork. Together they reveal Turi's claim not only to the title of "first author of the Sami" but also "first multi-media artist" and "first researcher."
Ghosts in American houses
Indian legends of the Pacific Northwest
Keepers of the earth : native American stories and environmental activities for children
A dictionary of British folk-tales in the English language : incorporating the F. J. Norton collection. Part B, Folk legends. Vol. 1
The Golem
Nyumba ya Mumbi : the Gikuyu creation myth
Scandinavian folk legends and Icelandic sagas
How to catch fairies
Wisdom of the elders : sacred native stories of nature
Keepers of life : discovering plants through native American stories and earth activities for children
Suomen perinneatlas : Suomen kansankulttuurin kartasto 2 = Atlas of Finnish Ethnic Culture 2
The type and motif index of Finnish belief legends and memorates
Gods, ghosts, and black dogs : the fascinating folklore and mythology of dogs
Cemetery sacrilege and folk conceptions of God and punishment in Russian Karelia
Contemporary folklore : changing world view and tradition
Adaptation, change, and decline in oral literature
The folk-stories of Iceland
The tales of the ploughwoman : appendix to FFC 254
Tuamotuan legends : (Island of Anaa). Part 1, The demigods
Fragments of Lappish mythology
Abstracts in English.
Archaeology, religion and folklore in the Baltic Sea Region
Aliens, ghosts, and cults : legends we live
Angels : a modern myth
Georgian folk traditions and legends
Scandinavian folktales
Folk legend researchers met in Iceland : the 5th Celtic-Nordic-Baltic Folklore Symposium on Folk Legends in Reykjavík, Iceland, 15-18 June 2005.
Once upon a virus : AIDS legends and vernacular risk perception
The return of the narrator
Korpimuseo : matka Ylä-Kainuun maagisiin maisemiin = Wildwood Tales : on the trail of the magical traditions of Upper Kainuu
