http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p19375 kendo
kendo
Ladies in armour : a phenomenological investigation of experiences of highly skilled Finnish female kendo athletes
The heart of kendo
Junior martial arts
Martial arts of the Orient
An illustrated introduction to the martial arts
The complete step-by-step guide to martial arts, t ́ai chi & aikido : a practical guide to the martial arts of tae kwondo, karate, ju-jitsu, judo, kung fu, kendo, iado and shinto ryu with a special focus on t ́ai chi and aikido
Investigates the history and philosophy of the traditional form of Japanese sword fighting known as Kendo.
Zen and confucius in the art of swordsmanship : the Tengu-geijutsu-son of Chozan Shissai
Kendo fundamentals : condensed publication. Vol. 1, Kendo equipment, courtesies, basic movements
A handbook of martial arts : tae kwondo, karate, aikido, ju-jitsu, judo, kung fu, tai chi, kendo, iaido, shinto ryu : a step-by-step practical guide
THE WAY OF THE WARRIOR : THE PARADOX OF THE MARTIAL ARTS
The Practical Step-by-step Guide to Martial Arts, T'ai Chi & Aikido : A Step-by-step Teaching Plan
Karate's history and traditions
Martial arts in the modern world
Mugai ryu : the classical samurai art of drawing the sword
A phenomenological research of the motivational factors of kendo practitioners in Serbia
A book of five rings
Iaido sword : kamimoto-ha techniques of muso shinden ryu
Kendō : its philosophy, history and means to personal growth
This is kendo : the art of Japanese fencing
Kendo : the definitive guide
Budö : the martial ways of Japan
Kendo fundamentals. Vol. 2 : Personal attack and defense skills: condensed publication
The complete book of martial arts
Kendo : culture of the sword
Combat sports
The Anatomy of martial arts : an illustrated guide to the musles used in key kicks, strikes & throws
"Kendo is the first book in English to provide an in-depth historical, cultural, and political account of the Japanese martial art of swordsmanship, from its beginnings in military training and arcane medieval schools to its widespread practice today as a global sport. Alexander Bennett shows how kendo evolved through a recurring process of 'inventing tradition', which served the changing ideologies and needs of Japanese warriors and governments over the course of history. Kendo follows the development of Japanese swordsmanship from the aristocratic pretensions of medieval warriors in the Muromachi period, to the samurai elitism of the Edo regime, and to the patriotism of the Meiji state. Kendo was influenced in the 1930s and 1940s by ultranationalist militarists and ultimately by the postwar government, which sought a gentle form of cultural nationalism to rekindle appreciation of traditional culture among Japan's youth and to garner international prestige as an instrument of 'soft power'. Today kendo is becoming increasingly popular internationally. But even as new organizations and clubs form around the world, the sport remains closely linked to Japan's sense of collective identity"--Provided by publisher.
A handbook of martial arts : tae kwondo, karate, aikido, ju-jitsu, judo, kung fu, tai chi, kendo, iaido and shinto ryu: a step-by-step practical guide
The young martial arts enthusiast : [an introduction to 15 of the most popular martial arts]
Kendo : a comprehensive guide to Japanese swordsmanship
Budo : the martial ways of Japan
The ultimate book of martial arts
Forza : the samurai sword workout : kick butt and get buff with high-intensity sword fighting moves
Budō : the martial ways of Japan
Step by step guide to the martial arts
Kendo fundamentals : condensed publication. Vol. 2, Personal attack and defense skills, training (KEIKO)
The practical encyclopedia of martial arts : step-by-step photographic instructions for tae kwondo, karate, aikido, ju-jitsu, judo, kung fu, tai chi, kendo, iaido and shinto ryu
Kendo fundamentals. Vol. 1 : Kendo equipment, courtesies, basic movements: condensed publication
THE WAY TO THE MARTIAL ARTS
Kendo still moves : kendo as kinetic folklore
Kendo : the essential guide to mastering the art
