http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p19341 official publications
official publications
Eesti rahvusbibliograafia : Ametlikud väljaanded = The Estonian National Bibliography : Official Publications. 1997
British official publications
Finland's Balance of Payments
Eesti ametlikud väljaanded = Official publications of Estonia. 1995
The complete guide to citing government documents : a manual for writers & librarians
National Audit Office's reports to Parliament on the monitoring of election financing
Key publications of the European Union
Finland : official standard names approved by the United States board on geographical names : prepared in the office of geography, Department of the Interior, Washington 25, D.C., March 1962.
STUK-TR
Eesti ametlikud väljaanded = Official publications of Estonia. 1994
Index to the Official journal of the European Communities. Annual index, Volume 1: Alphabetical index
Doing a literature search : a comprehensive guide for the social sciences
Economic development of Latvia 2006 : report
Official publications of Western Europe. Vol. 1, Denmark, Finland, France, Ireland, Italy, Luxembourg, Netherlands, Spain and Turkey
Federal information policies in the 1980's : conflicts and issues
Directory of legal gazettes in Europe
A matter of record : documentary sources in social research
Colombian government publications
Subject guide to major United States government publications
On circumlocutions in defence policy jargon
Rahalaitokset  2002 = Monetära finansinstitut = Monetary financial institutions
White paper on small and medium enterprises in Taiwan, 2007
Benjamin Franklin's first government printing : the Pennsylvania General Loan Office mortgage register of 1729 and subsequent Franklin mortgage registers and bonds
Her Majesty's Stationery Office : the story of the first 200 years 1786-1986
Official publications of the Soviet Union and Eastern Europe 1945-1980 : a selected annotated bibliography
Money and Banking Statistics : annual review
Finnish Railway Statistics
Index to the Official journal of the European Communities : Annual index. Volume 2, Methodological table
A guide to the official publications of the European Communities
Eesti ametlikud väljaanded = Official publications of Estonia. 1993.
Openness and access to information in Finland
International documents for the 80's : their role and use : proceedings of the Second World Symposium on International Documentation, Brussels, 1980
Interpreting official statistics
Access to legal norms : proceedings : multilateral seminar Activities for the development and consolidation of democratic stability (Adacs),  Borovets (Bulgaria), 25-27 November 1998.
Ravintotase : balance sheet for food commodities
Valtion virallisjulkaisut. 1988, 28. vuosikerta = 28. årgången = Volume 28 / Statens officiella publikationer / [utgivare] Riksdagsbiblioteket = Government publications in Finland / [published by] Library of Parliament
Accessing European Parliament documentation
The presidency : a research guide
Rahalaitokset  2003 = Monetära finansinstitut = Monetary financial institutions
Making Washington work for you
Guide to official publications of foreign countries
Justis : Celex : official legal database of the European Communities
Handbook of international economic statistics
Mexican government publications : a guide to the more important publications of the National Government of Mexico, 1821 - 1936
Research resources : annotated guide to the social sciences. 2, Official publications : U.S. government, United Nations, international organizations, and statistical sources
Official journal of the European Union. L & C, Legislation & Information and notices
Effective legal research
Research resources : annotated guide to the social sciences. 1, International relations & recent history : indexes, abstracts & periodicals
The myth of government information
Subject guide to U.S. government reference sources
Official publications of Western Europe. Vol. 2, Austria, Belgium, Federal Republic of Germany, Greece, Norway, Portugal, Sweden, Switzerland and United Kingdom
Guide to U.S. government directories, 1970-1980
Directory of legal gazettes in Europe 2006
Official publications in Britain
Index to the Official journal of the European Communities : Monthly index. Volume 1, Alphabetical index
Information sources in official publications
International business statistics. Baltic states
Official journal of the European Communities. C, Information and notices
Ireland in official print culture, 1800-1850 : a new reading of the poor inquiry
Legislative proposals and other COM documents
Index to the Official journal of the European Communities : Monthly index. Volume 2, Methodological table
Official journal of the European Communities. L & C, Legislation & Information and notices
International business statistics. Russia and the other CIS countries
Eesti ametlikud väljaanded = Official publications of Estonia. 1996
Directory of British official publications : a guide to sources
A guide to British government publications
