http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p19378 cat
cat
Spy Cat : blackout!
When chubby cat Sammy Salami's owner Pete goes missing, Sammy boards a train to look for him, is adopted by a passenger and has a nice vacation, but he continues to look for Pete.
Winnie's haunted house
Into the wild
Cats and curses
Ami Ami kittens : seriously cute crochet!
Cat in the manger : the wonder of Nativity through the eyes of a cat
Gastroduodenoscopy in dogs and cats
Tabby McTat
Catnapped
The allergy and asthma protective effects of farm environment and pet animals : the role of immunomodulation
Warriors. SkyClan and the stranger #3. after the flood
Nutrient requirements of cats
Itty-bitty kitty rescue
Something hidden
When Winnie and Wilbur write their letters to Santa they never imagine that they are actually going to meet him on Christmas Eve! After the crisis of Santa getting stuck in their chimney, Winnie and Wilbur join him on his sleigh in a desperate race against time to make sure children everywhere wake up to stockings filled with presents on Christmas morning.
Cat health encyclopedia
Operation Bunny : the first case
Clicker training for cats
Cats : an anthology of stories and poems
Rising storm
The tale of Kitty-in-boots
Sign of the moon
The secret life of your cat : unlock the mysteries of your pet's behavior
1,001 things you always wanted to know about cats
My cat likes to hide in boxes
The complete guide to all cats
Yip/tuck
THE ENCYCLOPEDIA OF THE CAT
Mog and Barnaby
Kittens : a very first picture book
Examining the famously mysterious feline, How it Works: The Ladybird Book of The Cat is a hilarious and honest read for the cat person. As part of the Ladybirds for Grown Ups Series, How it Works: The Ladybird Book of The Cat pairs classic illustrations from Penguin's archive with hilarious satirical anecdotes about our aloof and furry companions.
The feline patient : essentials of diagnosis and treatment
Warrior's refuge
A very top secret mission
I don't want a cool cat
Library cat : the observations of a thinking cat
Night whispers
Poppy's Place : the home-made cat cafe
The cat in the hat comes back!
Plenty of love to go round!
Cats! Cats! : poems and prose
Macavity : [the mystery cat]
Delilah and the dogspell
Hug time
How to tell if your cat is plotting to kill you
Catwatching
The victory dogs
The rollercoaster case : the third case
Simon is discovered in the Hong Kong docks in 1948 and smuggled on board the H.M.S Amethyst by a British sailor who takes pity on the malnourished kitten. The young cat quickly acclimates to his new water-borne home, establishing himself as the chief rat-catcher in residence while also winning the hearts of the entire crew. Then the Amethyst is ordered to sail up the Yangtze to take over the guarding of the British Embassy, and tragedy strikes as the ship comes under fire from Communist guns. Many of the crew are killed and Simon is among those who are seriously wounded. Luckily, with the help of the ship's doctor, the brave cat makes a full recovery and is soon spending time with the injured men in the sick bay, purring and keeping their spirits up. News of Simon's heroism spreads and he becomes famous world-wide but it is still a long journey back to England for both the crew and the plucky little cat known as 'Able Seacat Simon'.
The blood-and-thunder adventure on Hurricane Peak
Current opinion and novel practices for perioperative pain management in dogs and cats. Part 2, Use of loco-regional techniques
Forest of secrets
The British Museum book of cats : ancient and modern
Anaesthetic management of two cats for tracheal surgery : a case report
The complete guide to the cat
Ragdoll cats : everything about purchase, nutrition, health care, grooming, behavior, and showing
The mane squeeze
His royal whiskers
Six dinner Sid : a highland adventure
A cat called Norton : the true story of an extraordinary cat and his imperfect human
Warrior's return
Contrast-enhanced ultrasound of abdominal organs in cats
"A thief strikes at the grand ball, but can Shifty McGifty and Slippery Sam catch the culprit before he scarpers?"--Publisher.
Kitten care for children
Everyone hates Fiona Methodist. Her war veteran father shot a young couple in broad daylight before killing himself. The engaged pair had witnessed a robbery and were due to give evidence but, with all three now dead, no one knows the true motive. For Fiona, it's destroyed her life. It's not just those who whisper behind her back or the friends who pretend she doesn't exist; it's the landlords who spot her name and say no, the job agencies who can't find her work. But Fiona knows her dad didn't do it. He couldn't have - he's her father and he wouldn't do that ...would he? Private investigator Andrew Hunter takes pity on the girl and, even with stolen bengal cats to find, plus an ex-wife who's not quite so 'ex', he can't escape the creeping feeling that Fiona might be right after all.
The cat who came in off the roof
Warriors. SkyClan and the stranger #2. beyond the code
Shifty McGifty and Slippery Sam : the diamond chase
The moving adventures of Old Dame Trot and her comical cat
Splat and the cool school trip
Small animal arthroscopy : challenging and usefull
The Fat Freddy's cat omnibus
Warriors. Ravenpaw's path #1. shattered peace
The cat in the hat : and other stories
I could pee on this : and other poems by cats
The ultimate cat book
Nine lives to live : a classic Felix celebration by Otto Messmer
Summary: Feline injection site sarcoma.
The misadventures of Grumpy Cat (and Pokey!). [Volume 1]
The forgotten warrior
Current opinion and novel practices for perioperative pain management in dogs and cats. Part 1, Use of systemic analgesics
Cats are weird and more observations
PICTURE BOOKS. Winnie shares her big black house with Wilbur her big black cat. So sometimes she accidentally trips over him. Ouch! After some spells that make Wilbur look very silly, Winnie finds just the right magic to make sure she can always see him. It's a colourful Winnie and Wilbur adventure! Korky Paul's intricate artwork is full of madcap humour and crazy details to pore over. The spellbinding new look of this bestselling series celebrates the wonderful relationship that exists between Winnie the Witch and her big black cat, Wilbur. Since Winnie and Wilbur first appeared in 1987 they have been delighting children and adults in homes and schools all over the world and more than 7 million books have been sold. Ages 0+
The king cat
Feline medicine and therapeutics
Fluffy strikes back : a P.U.R.S.T. adventure
Grumpy cat : a grumpy book
House cat : how to keep your indoor cat sane and sound
The snow cat
Harper and the circus of dreams
Flora the Fairy
Esophageal diseases : diagnostic and therapeutic approach
Grumpy cat no-it-all : everything you need to know/No
Splat the Cat : the perfect present for mom & dad
The wolf is not invited
The necessary cat : a celebration of cats in picture and word
Fire and ice
Warriors. Ravenpaw's path #3. the heart of a warrior
The lost warrior
Puss Jekyll Cat Hyde
Dewey : there's a cat in the library
Mia the beach cat
Little book of cats
Three pickled herrings : the second case
Sixteen-year-old Maya suspects there may be a relationship between her paw-print birthmark, her connection with wild animals, and strange events occurring in her tiny Vancouver Island community, where a medical research facility harbors big secrets.
Peter was a confirmed loner and cat hater, until he was given a small, grey (and impeccably handsome) kitten with folded ears by his then girlfriend. The girlfriend went but Norton stayed - in fact, he and Peter became inseparable. But, after learning how to love his cat, would Peter now learn how to love another human too?
The cat behavior answer book : practical insights & proven solutions for your feline questions
Gobbolino the witch's cat
Kitten taming : the fast route to a controllable cat
The complete cat book
The calling
Splat the Cat : the big helper
The fourth apprentice
Winnie the witch
The secret life of cats : everything your cat would want you to know
Captain's purr
Matilda's cat
Atticus Claw on the misty moor
Winnie and Wilbur meet Santa
Garfield : Wicked!
Ella loves her kitten, Fluff, and worries about her going missing again. But Fluff is enchanted by being outside, especially when it starts snowing and she has the pretty snowflakes to play with. But suddenly a blizzard sets in and Fluff loses her way - will Ella ever be reunited with her kitten?
Persian cats and other longhairs
Tumford the terrible
The grumpy guide to life : Observations from Grumpy at
The cat : the most complete, illustrated practical guide to cats and their world
Old Tom : man of mystery
How to tell If your cat Is plotting to kill you
Hate that cat
Sammy the shy kitten
How it works. The cat
Small Animal Ophthalmology : self-assessment color review
Macavity : the mystery cat
Mog time : six stories about Mog the forgetful cat
Mammalian anatomy : the cat
Path of stars
A gift from Bob
The complete book of the cat
Room on the broom
Why cats paint : a theory of feline aesthetics
Ten little pussy cats
The gathering
Iris Grace
Cats : a portrait of the animal world
The total cat manual
Tabby the wildcat
Consultations in feline internal medicine 4
ALL COLOUR WORLD OF CATS
Richard Scarry's best little word book ever!
The cat wants custard
Cat breeds : facts, figures ans profiles of over 80 breeds
Warriors. SkyClan and the stranger #1. the rescue
Little mouse's big breakfast
Recent advances in feline nutrition : proceedings of a symposium held on June 6th and 7th, 1981, at Waltham Lodge, Pedigree Petfoods Animal Studies Centre, Freeby Lane, Waltham-on-the-Wolds, Leicestershire
Junior football club's financing in Finland : case: Mikkelin Kissat C-Junior
Consultations in feline internal medicine 3
The last hope
A cat, a seagull, an impossible task... Caught up in an oil spill, a dying seagull scrambles ashore to lay her final egg and lands on a balcony, where she meets Zorba, a big black cat from the port of Hamburg. The cat promises the seagull to look after the egg, not to eat the chick once it's hatched and - most difficult of all - to teach the baby gull to fly. Will Zorba and his feline friends honour the promise and give Lucky, the adopted little seagull, the strength to discover her true nature?
Bob to the rescue
Oliver : the cat who saved Christmas
The story of a seagull and the cat who taught her to fly
The Scruffs
Simon's cat
Nate the Great and the Halloween hunt
There are cats in this book
Lost in the storm
Cats kittens : complete identifier
Miss Hazeltine's home for shy and fearful cats
Harper and the scarlet umbrella
Choosing and raising a cat
The great escape
Pocket guide to cats
Puss in boots
The everlasting cat
The atlas of cats of the world : domesticated and wild
The darkest hour
Simon's cat ; wake up!
The illustrated cat's life
The rising
Warriors. Ravenpaw's path #2. a clan in need
Willow the Duckling
The cat in the hat
Kaspar : prince of cats
Siamese cats : everything about acquisition, care, nutrition, behavior and health
