http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p19396 fishing villages
fishing villages
Village of stone
The unseen
Ondine
The birth house
The sea of troubles
Iyǒ island
The love letter
Between pulpit and pew : folk religion in a North Yorkshire fishing village
An affair with Korea : memories of South Korea in the 1960s
People of the sea of Cascais : fisheries
The waves
Village within a city : the Hessle Road fishing community of Hull
The true deceiver : a novel
Peto : special extended edition
Sea hunters of Indonesia : fishers and weavers of Lamalera
Death on a Galician shore
Living from the sea : memories of shoreside life in the days when fishermen's nets were often full, but their pockets usually empty
Fishery, trade and piracy : fishermen and fishermen's settlements in and around the North Sea area in the Middle Ages and later : papers from the colloquium at Oostende-Raversijde, Provincial Museum Walraversijde, Belgium, 21-23 November 2003 = Visserij, handel en piraterij : vissers en vissersnederzettingen in en rond de Noordzee in de Middeleeuwen en later : bijdragen van het colloquium in Oostende-Raversijde, Provincial Museum Walraversijde, België, 21-23 November 2003
The True Deceiver,Tove Jansson's third novel for adults, translated by Thomas Teal, proves a delightfully dark winter's tale. Set in an isolated Nordic hamlet, the novel tracks an intense relationship between two strong-minded women. Katri Kling is a blunt young woman who lives with her "simple" brother Mats, and has no time for social niceties. Living away from the village is Anna Aemelin, an elderly children's book illustrator whose great talent is to reproduce the flora and fauna of the forest floor.
The many
The anthropology of Protestantism : faith and crisis among Scottish fishermen
"In 1966 Vincent S. R. Brandt lived in Sokp'o, a poor and isolated South Korean fishing village on the coast of the Yellow Sea, carrying out social anthropological research. At that time, the only way to reach Sokp'o, other than by boat, was a two hour walk along foot paths. This memoir of his experiences in a village with no electricity, running water, or telephone shows Brandt's attempts to adapt to a traditional, preindustrial existence in a small, almost completely self-sufficient community. This vivid account of his growing admiration for an ancient way of life that was doomed, and that most of the villagers themselves despised, illuminates a social world that has almost completely disappeared. Vincent S. R. Brandt lives in rural Vermont"--
The moon at midnight
The brides of Rollrock Island
