http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1930 ball sports
ball sports
Slam dunk. Vol. 7 : The end of the basketball team
Slam dunk. Vol. 22 : The first round
Slam dunk. Vol. 4 : Enter the hero!!
Teaching volleyball : steps to success
Slam dunk. Vol. 14 : The best
Science and football. 2, Proceedings of the Second World Congress of Science and Football, Eindhoven, Netherlands 22nd-25th May 1991
Baseball for dummies
Championship manager 2010
Market definition and segmentation : Wilson basketballs in Baltics
Science and football : proceedings of the First World Congress of Science and Football, Liverpool 13-17th April 1987
Championship Manager 2010 : PC DVD-ROM
Slam dunk. Vol. 18 : The feeling of falling
A dream comes true : world's largest floorball centre completed in Helsinki
Slam dunk. Vol. 6 : Nothing to lose
The story of football
Ball sports
Pure football : PlayStation 3
Soccer : technique & tactics
Inclusion trough sports
555 football facts: to wow your mates
Soccer for everyone
Science and football. 3, Proceedings of the Third World Congress of Science and Football, Cardiff, Wales 9-13 April 1995
The union game : a rugby history
Contemporary folklore : changing world view and tradition
Sports coaching cultures : from practice to theory
Gaelic games, nationalism and the Irish diaspora in the United States
555 football facts: to wow your mates!
Slam dunk. Vol. 17 : The last spot
Basketball : steps to success
We love football : best football quotes on planet earth
Tag, toss & run : 40 classic lawn games
Soccer in the Middle East
Football in our time : a photographic record of our national game
Youth soccer coaching : a complete guide to building a successful team
The 175 best camp games : a handbook for leaders
Fourfourtwo
Flat Stanley plays ball
Game understanding and game performance in badminton : development and validation of assessment instruments and their application to games teaching and coaching
Rugby skills, tactics and rules
Stretching for racquet sports
Perspectives on cognition and action in sport
Slam dunk. Vol. 3 : The challenge of the common shot
The Sport psychologist's handbook : a guide for sport-specific performance enhancement
The art of coarse rugby
Technical and tactical game analysis of elite basketball in three different levels
Slam dunk. Vol. 9 : A team of troubled teens
Soccer techniques, tactics & teamwork
The Guinness football encyclopedia
Curling for dummies
Anetso, the Cherokee ball game : at the center of ceremony and identity
Slam dunk. Vol. 24 : For victory
