http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p19306 historical sociolinguistics
historical sociolinguistics
Language and letters of the Bluestocking network. Sociolinguistic issues in eighteenth-century epistolary English : lectio praecursoria
Historical sociolinguistics and language change
Women's writings as evidence for linguistic continuity and change in early modern English
Imagining of the king's death : figurative treason, fantasies of regicide 1793-1796
Grasshoppers and blind beetles : caregiver language in early modern English correspondence
Language and letters of the bluestocking network : sociolinguistic issues in eighteenth-century epistolary English
Negative concord as an English "vernacular universal" : social history and linguistic typology
Negotiating interpersonal identities in writing : code-switching practices in Charles Burney's correspondence
Address in early English correspondence : insights into historical socio-pragmatics : lectio praecursoria
Origins of the English language, a social and linguistic history
Sociolinguistics and the history of English : a survey
Inside and out : forms of address in seventeenth- and eighteenth-century letters
Bipartite negation in 18th and early 19th century southern Dutch : sociolinguistic aspects of norms and variation
Grammaticalization and social embedding : I THINK and METHINKS in Middle and Early modern English
Contagious couplings : transmission of expressives in Yiddish echo phrases
Lifespan changes in the language of three early modern gentlemen
A social history of periphrastic DO
The starting date of the fourth volume of Julie Coleman's pioneering history marks the appearance of the most influential slang dictionary of the twentieth century, Eric Partridge's Dictionary of Slang and Unconventional English, produced at a time when the Depression had broken down traditional working-class communities; the United States was a still-reluctant world power; and another world war was inevitable. If the First World War unsettled combatants' minds, the second unsettled society. It challenged values around the world and, as the author shows, offered new opportunities for vibrant self-expression. Lexicographers recorded a rich harvest of words and phrases from around the world, reflecting new-found freedoms from convention, increased social mobility, and the continued rise of the mass media. Julie Coleman's account ranges across the English-speaking world. It will fascinate all those interested in slang and its reflections of social and cultural change.
Vernacular universals? : the case of plural was in Early Modern English
Address in early English correspondence : its forms and socio-pragmatic functions
Corpora, historical sociolinguistics and the transmission of linguistic change
Socio-historical linguistics : its status and methodology
Roots of English : exploring the history of dialects
The changing role of London on the linguistic map of Tudor and Stuart England
Sociocultural and historical contexts of African American English
Mapping change in Tudor English
Social factors and language change in eighteenth-century England : the case of multiple negation
Chapters in the social history of East Anglian English : the case of the third-person singular
From mine to my and thine to thy : the loss of the nasal in the first and second person possessives
Family first : address and subscription formulae in English family correspondence from the fifteenth to the seventeenth century
The language of daily life in the history of English : studying how macro meets micro
Investigations in sociohistorical linguistics : stories of colonisation and contact
Jewish multiglossia : Hebrew, Arabic, and Castilian in Medieval Spain
Political languages in the age of extremes
From negation to agreement : revisiting the problem of sources for socio-historical linguistics
"From Sir, a constant reader of your Paper, N.C." : The Letter to the Editor in The Times of the Late Eighteenth Century
A history of cant and slang dictionaries. Vol. 3, 1859-1936
The handbook of historical linguistics
Socio-cultural study of a minority linguistic group : Bengalees in Bihar, 1858-1912
Inventing Germanness : language discourse from Justus Georg Schottelius to Johann Gottfried Herder
Everyday possessions : family and identity in the correspondence of John Paston
Bilingualism in ancient society : language contact and the written text
Three perspectives on grammaticalization : lexico-grammar, corpora and historical sociolinguistics
"What is the explanation for the nature, character and evolution of the many different varieties of English in the world today? Which changes in the English language are the legacy of its origins and which are the product of novel influences in the places to which it was transported? Roots of English is a groundbreaking investigation into four dialects from parts of northern Britain out of which came the founding populations of many regions in other parts of the world. Sali Tagliamonte comprehensively describes and analyses the key features of the dialects and their implications for subsequent developments of English. Her examination of dialect features contributes substantive evidence for assessing and understanding bigger issues in sociolinguistic theory. Based on exciting new findings, the book will appeal to those interested in dialects, from the Anglophile to the syntactician"--
Historical sociolinguistics : language change in Tudor and Stuart England
What's in a royal letter? : Linguistic variation in the correspondence of King Henry VIII
Studies in medieval language and culture
Introduction
Negation in seventeenth- and eighteenth-century Dutch : a historical-sociolinguistic perspective
Letters : Lettice Gawdy to her father Sir Robert Knollys (c. 1620) : commentary
Tracing the generational progress of language change in fifteenth-century English : the digraph th in the Paston letters
The Handbook of historical sociolinguistics
A history of cant and slang dictionaries. Vol. 1, 1565-1785
A history of cant and slang dictionaries. Vol. 4, 1937-1984
Toward new perspectives in folklore
Holy shit : a brief history of swearing
Number agreeement in existential constructions : a sociolinguistic study of Eighteenth-Century English
Patterns of interaction : self-mention and addressee inclusion in the letters of Nathaniel Bacon and his correspondents
Variation past and present : VARIENG studies on English for Terttu Nevalainen
Singular you was/were variation and english normative grammars in the eighteenth century
Historical sociolinguistics and letters
Referential terms and expressions in eighteenth-century letters : a case study on the Lunar men of Birmingham
Methodological and practical aspects of historical network analysis : a case study of the Bluestocking letters
Introduction : comparative historical sociolinguistics and the history of negation
Historical sociolinguistics : The Corpus of Early English Correspondence
Language change in adulthood : historical letters as evidence
Historische Soziolinguistik = Historical sociolinguistics = La sociolinguistique historique
Jespersen's cycle and the history of German negation : challenges from a sociolinguistic perspective
Studies in late modern English correspondence : methodology and data
Language contacts in prehistory : studies in stratigraphy
A history of cant and slang dictionaries. Vol. 2, 1785-1858
The rise and regulation of periphrastic DO in a negative declarative sentences : a sociolinguistic study
Sociolinguistic variation in American sign language
"In the last five hundred years or so, the English language has undergone remarkable geographical expansion, bringing it into contact with other languages in new locations. It also caused different regional dialects of the language to come into contact with each other in colonial situations. This book is made up of a number of fascinating tales of historical-sociolinguistic detection. These are stories of origins - of a particular variety of English or linguistic feature - which together tell a compelling general story. In each case, Trudgill presents an intriguing puzzle, locates and examines the evidence, detects clues that unravel the mystery, and finally proposes a solution. The solutions are all original, often surprising, sometimes highly controversial. Providing a unique insight into how language contact shapes varieties of English, this entertaining yet rigorous account will be welcomed by students and researchers in linguistics, sociolinguistics and historical linguistics" -- Provided by publisher.
Language and woman's place in earlier English
