http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p19346 tar
tar
Biomass gasification and reforming of tars
GlömpX : [Bedecta, Lissabon, 9.5. - 31.7. 2009] / edited and curated by: Tommi Musturi
The finnish pine tar
European and American tar in the English market during the eighteenth and early nineteenth centuries
Seed moisture content during chilling and heat stress effects after chilling on the germination of common alder and downy birch seeds
From tar to timber : studies in Northeast European forest exploitation and foreign trade 1660-1860
Four rooms, a kitchen and a view : 1 publication and 2 exhibitions in 2 flats : in rua D.João IV Porto Portugal 27.5. - 11.6.200 : in Mikonkatu Helsinki Finland 13. - 30.9.2000
Radiocarbon dating of birch bark pitches in typical comb ware in Finland
Production of biofuels by Fischer Tropsch synthesis
Ida's storehouse, the youngest of the group of the buildings belonging to the Niemelä tenant farm in the Seurasaari open-air museum, was conserved and restored in 2014-2015. For the restoration painting, the paint surfaces on the storehouse's door and window structures were analysed to identify the pigments and binders used. Several layers of paint and three different types of paint surfaces were found on the door panelling. Some of the paint layers are presumably a result of maintenance painting during the time the building has been at the museum. However, there is only one layer of paint on the frames, linings and door edges, which is therefore likely to be paint surface from the time before the building was relocated to Seurasaari. The aim was to confirm the binder used in the paint of this layer in particular, because identifying it had not been possible during preliminary studies..
Being a beast
The world's oldest adopts a younger look
Sari Tervaniemi : cinematic attitude : cinematic works
Ida's storehouse : a case study on pigments and paint binders on the folk buildings in Seurasaari
The Finnish pine tar
Tarring maintenance of Norwegian medieval stave churches : characterisation of pine tar during kiln-production, experimental coating procedures and weathering
Backlight 08 : tickle attack
Heartwood and lightwood formation in Scots pine : a physiological approach
Short rotation forestry for energy single stem plantations : contractor report
AV-arkki 2009 : [View09 : suomalaisen mediataiteen festivaali = festival of Finnish media art : 28.2.-1.3.2009] / [editors: Hanna Maria Anttila, Vesa Puhakka, Pirjetta Brander, Kirsi Reinola ; articles: Kirsi Reinola, Pirjetta Brander, Jaana Kokko]
Phytophthora disease of alder in Europe
Relationship between Cronartium flaccidum and Peridermium pini
View05 : suomalaisen mediataiteen festivaali = Festival of Finnish media art : AV-arkki 15 years : [4.2. - 28.2. 2005] / [järjestäjä = organiser: AV-arkki ; toimittajat = editors: Iiris Saaren-Seppälä, Hanna Maria Anttila, Kati Åberg]
Summary.
The search for a gender system in tar-producing culture
The life of the swift, Micropus apus (l.), in relation to the weather
Fair lady of the Finnish ballet : the rise to eminence of Minna Tervamäki as Myrtha ..
Pine canker fungus, Lachnellula pini, and L. flavovirens in Finland
Heating values of mature trees
Nutrient allocation, accumulation and above-ground biomass in grey alder and hybrid alder plantations
A fixed-bed gasifier: efficiency, tar formation and heating valve of the product gas
Seasonal changes in bitumen content of some dwarf shrubs
Plant resins : chemistry, evolution, ecology, and ethnobotany
The life and times of an ordinary captain : forty years of flying
Long-term decline in Common Swift Apus apus annual breeding succes may be related to weather conditions
Dead-wood-associated aphyllophoroid fungi : perspectives on the diversity, ecology and conservation biology of species and their habitats
View04 : suomalaisen mediataiteen festivaali = Festival of Finnish media art 16.1. - 29.2.2004 / järjestäjä = organiser: AV-Arkki ; toimittaja = editor: Kirsi Väkiparta
AV-arkki 2007 : [View07 : suomalaisen mediataiteen festivaali = festival of Finnish media art : 7.2. - 11.3.2007] / editors: Hanna Maria Anttila, Pirjetta Brander, Eeva Pirkkala, Elina Vänskä
Proceedings of the First International Symposium on Wood Tar and Pitch
The above-ground biomass and production of alders (Alnus incana (L.) Moench, Alnus glutinosa, (L.) Gaertn. Alnus hybrida A. Br.) on abandoned agricultural lands in Estonia
Tervakangas : results of pollen analysis
Crown condition as an indicator of the incidence of root caused by Heterobasidion annosum in Scots pine stands
Potash, saltpeter and tar : production, exports and use of wood in Finland in the 19th century
Interactions between the pine-top weevil (Pissodes piniphilus), resin-top disease (Endocronartium pini) and Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris)
A look at ankles : two bronze rings from the Roman Iron Age necropolis of Tervakangas (Raahe) in Northern Ostrobothnia
Tervakoski : a presentation in words and pictures of Tervakoski osakeyhtiö
Cinematic attitude : cinematic works
Biomass gasification and catalytic conversion of synthesis gas : characterisation of cobalt catalysts for Fischer-Tropsch synthesis
Biomass gasification and catalytic conversion of synthesis gas:characterisation of cobalt catalysts for Fischer-Tropsch synthesis
Management and utilization of broadleaved tree species in Nordic and Baltic countries : birch, aspen and alder : proceedings of the Workshop held in Vantaa, Finland, May 16 to 18, 2001
Tervakoski Paper Mills : a short history in word and picture of its origin and development
Esityskomposti : [ohjelma : teatteri.nyt] = Performance compost : [programme : theatre.now] : Kiasma, 2. - 21.10.2012
There and back again : nocturnal migratory behaviour of birds during spring and autumn
Management and utilization of broadleaved tree species in Nordic and Baltic countries : birch, aspen and alder : proceedings of the workshop held in Vantaa, Finland, May 16 to 18, 2001
Cross-border trade in Karelia from the middle ages to the October revolution 1917
The life of the swift, Micropus apus (L.), in relation to the weather
Always on the wing : fluid dynamics, flight performance and flight behavior of common swifts
Tarinoita vieraasta, tarinoita perheestä = Family tales, tales of the unfamiliar
Intersterility groups of Heterobasidion annosum = Juurikäävän risteytymissuhteet
My forest : full of life
