http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p19337 cones (parts of plants)
cones (parts of plants)
Winter nutrition of the common crossbill (Loxia curvirostra) and the pine grospeak (Pinicola enucleator) in northeastern Lapland in 1973
On the nesting biology of the Two-barred Crossbill Loxia leucoptera in NE Finland
Cone production by upper-slope conifers
The food of two crossbill species, Loxia curvirostra and L. leucoptera, and its chemical composition was studied in NE Lapland in late winter 1969...
Effect of diet on the fatty acid composition of some organ fats in crossbills (Loxia curvirostra and L. leucoptera)
Animals as forest pests in Finnish Lapland
Brief report : Numerical responses by crossbills Loxia spp. to annual fluctuations in cone crops
Abstract: Gas-liquid chromatography was used to determine the major fatty acid composition of the total lipids of the subcutaneous fat and skeletal muscle fat, and of the triglyceride and phospholipid fractions of the subcutaneous fat, skeletal muscle fat, coronary fat and liver fat of two species of crossbills...
Excellent and entertaining non-fiction for children
Summary.
Chemical control of spruce cone insects in seed orchards
Control of the pine cone weevil, Pissodes validirostris Gyll. (Coleoptera: Curculionidae) in pine seed orchards = Käpypikikärsäkkään (Pissodes validirostris Gyll., Coleoptera: Curculionidae) torjunta siemenviljelmillä
A trial management program for cycads in the Northern Territory of Australia
Christliche Sakralbauten in Europa seit 1950 = Christian sacred buildings in Europe since 1950
Conceptual and statistical modelling of environmental effects in population dynamics
Selection of exotic tree species and provenances for afforestation in Tanzania
The food of three crossbill species was studied in NE Lapland during the period 20. VII - 11. VIII 1971. The contents of 47 crops were examined. The main food items found were new (60 - 89 %) and old (9-30 %) spruce seeds and larvae...
Olari church and parish centre 1976/1979-1981
Nest defence of Eurasian Treecreeper Certhia familiaris against the Great Spotted Woodpecker Dendrocopos major: only one parent is needed
Feeding habitat and nest-site selection of breeding Great Spotted Woodpeckers Dendrocopos major
Cycads of South Africa
The occurrence of the Two-barred Crossbill Loxia Leucoptera in NE Finland
Daytime dark exposure increases pineal melatonin in rat pups
Merelle avautuvat lukuterassit : Vaasan tiedekirjasto Tritonia = Reading terraces with a view of the sea
Proceedings of Cycad 2005 : the 7th International Conference on Cycad Biology
Nest-site selection and niche partitioning among the great spotted woodpecker Dendrocopos major and middle spotted woodpecker Dendrocopos medius in riverine forest of Central Europe
Reversal of aging : resetting the pineal clock
MoNArch : Modern Nordic Architecture 1999-2000.. Selected seminar papers 1999-2000
Cone and seed yields of the juniper (Juniperus communis) in southern and central Finland
Tiedonantoja - notes: the occurrence of the Two-barred Crossbill Loxia leucoptera in NE Finland
Invited competition for annexe to Bethlehem Dar Al-Kalima Centre
Eating of wood by Parrot Crossbills, Loxia pytyopsittacus, and Redpolls, Carduelis flammea
Population fluctuations of Siskins Carduelis spinus, Common Crossbills Loxia curvirostra, and Citril Finches Carduelis citrinella in relationship to flowering intensity of spruce Picea abies
Abstract: The food of the common crossbill (Loxia curvirostra) and the pine grospeak (Pinicola enucleator) and its chemical composition were studied in NE Lapland in February-April 1973. Common crossbills were seen feeding solely on seeds of Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris), whereas pine grospeaks were seen feeding on spruce (in 93 % of cases and willow (7 %) buds...
Nest hole age decreases nest site attractiveness for the European starling Sturnus vulgaris
Adaptive radiation of the digestive system, heart and wings of Turdus pilaris, Bombycilla garrulus, Sturnus vulgaris, Pyrrhula Pyrrhula, Pinicola enucleator and Loxia pytyopsittacus
Effect of fertilization on flowering and seed crop in Scots pine seed orchards
Sacral space : modern Finnish churches : [Tokyo Design Center 18. -31.8.2003] / photos: Jari Jetsonen ; texts: Sirkkaliisa Jetsonen
Prediction models for the annual seed crop of Norway spruce and Scots pine in Finland
Abstract. - Sammanfattning. - Yhteenveto.
Creative tatting with beads, shuttle and needle
Perioperative fluid therapy in neurosurgery : effects on circulatory and haemostatic variables
Chemical composition of the seed food of late-summer-breeding two-barred crossbills Loxia leucoptera
Cycads of the world
A house for the people
Sexual dimorphism in foraging behaviour of the Great Spotted Woodpecker Dendrocopos major during winters with rich crops of Scotch pine cones
Summer nutrition of crossbills (Loxia pytyopsittacus, L. curvirostra and L. leucoptera) in northeastern Lapland in 1971
Tatting with Visual Patterns
Vaasan yliopiston uudisrakennukset = The new buildings of the University of Vaasa
Winter nutrition of crossbills (Loxia curvirostra and L. leucoptera) in northeastern Lapland in 1969
Sacral space : modern Finnish churches
Tallinnan suurlähetystö = The Finnish embassy in Tallinn
Lives of conifers : a comparative account of the coniferous trees
The evolutionary relevance of vegetative long-shoot/short-shoot differentiation in gymnospermous tree species
Proceedings of Cycad 2008 : the 8th International Conference on Cycad Biology, 13 - 15 January 2008, Panama City, Panama
Woodpeckers of Europe : a study of the European Picidae
Structure of the strobili of Scotch pine from initiation to opening
24 snowflakes in tatting
