http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p19379 Jehovah's Witnesses
Jehovah's Witnesses
Cults : From bacchus to heaven's gate
Watch Tower publications index of subjects discussed and scriptures explained 1930-1985
Apocalypse delayed : the story of Jehovah's Witnesses
Between resistance and martyrdom : Jehovah's Witnesses in the Third Reich
Jehovah's Witnesses - organized to share the good news : our whole association of brothers = Jehovan todistajat - järjestetyt viemään hyvää uutista : koko veljesseuramme
Jehovah's Witnesses : portrait of a contemporary religious movement
You can be God's friend : American sign language edition
Caring and curing : health and medicine in the Western religious traditions
New world translation of the Holy Scriptures : with references
The trumpet of prophecy : a sociological study of Jehovah's witnesses
Judging Jehovah's Witnesses : religious persecution and the dawn of the rights revolution
Family care and medical management for Jehovah's Witnesses : Jehovan Todistajien uskonnollinen näkemys lääkärinhoidosta
What does God require of us?
The four major cults : Christian Science, Jehovah's Witnesses, Mormonism, Seventh-day Adventism
State Secularism and Lived Religion in Soviet Russia and Ukraine is a collection of essays written by a broad cross-section of scholars from around the world that explores the myriad forms religious expression and religious practice took in Soviet society in conjunction with the Soviet government's commitment to secularization. The implementation of secularizing policies invariably shaped the forms of religious expression that emerged in Soviet Russian and Soviet Ukraine. Religious practices across confessional groups over time reflect the waves of intensification and relaxation of repressive practices. During the post-world War II period, which most of the essays in this volume address, repressive tactics shifted from raw coercion and violence to propaganda and agitation as the main means to suppress religious practice and belief in the public sphere. Unlike other studies that have focused on such forms of repression, the authors in this volume consider how some communities and individual believers were able to adapt their practices and beliefs to the social, political, and ideological constraints of Soviet society so as to pursue their beliefs. The volume thus offers a new perspective on Soviet secularization that moves beyond the formation of policies and decrees to consider two additional dimensions. First, the essays engage how governing mandates to suppress religion and promote a secular society were experienced by believers. Second, this approach allows the authors to illustrate the variety of secularizing polices and how they were invariably implemented across regions, over time, and in response to perceptions of local religious practice. By considering the intersection of religious practice and Soviet secularizing policies, this collection expands our understanding of religiosity in the region and illustrates how specific denominations and the believers within them adapted to the conditions set by socialist modernity.
Believers and beliefs : a practical guide to religious etiquette for business and social occasions
Unbroken will : the extraordinary courage of an ordinary man : the story of Nazi concentration camp survivor Leopold Engleitner, born 1905
Jehovah's Witnesses : a comprehensive and selectively annotated bibliography
Crisis of conscience : the struggle between loyalty to God and loyalty to one's religion
The Jehovah's Witnesses and the Nazis : persecution, deportation, and murder, 1933-1945
Counting the days to Armageddon : the Jehovah's Witnesses and the second presence of Christ
The Orwellian world of Jehova's Witnesses
"Things in which it is impossible for God to lie"
Insight on the Scriptures. Vol. 1, Aaron - Jehoshua
Persecution and resistance of Jehovah's Witnesses during the Nazi regime 1933-1945
As the Nazi killing machine engulfed Europe with terror, thousands of Jehovah's Witnesses suffered brutal persecution. The reason: they stood firm in their beliefs and boldly spoke out against the cruelty of Nazism. For this, thousands of Jehovah's Witnesses were thrown into Nazi concentration camps. In this video, 10 European and American historians and more than 20 Witness survivors of the period, join in relating their story of courage and triumph against Hitler's religious onslaught /WordCat.
Family care and medical management for Jehovah's witnesses
Jehovah's Witnesses : proclaimers of God's Kingdom
The cultural experience : ethnography in complex society
In search of Christian freedom
State secularism and lived religion in Soviet Russia and Ukraine
Jehovah's witnesses defended : an answer to scholars and critics
