http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p19381 water administration
water administration
Water management : performance and challenges in OECD countries
Water rights : an international and comparative study
Water, sanitation and health : the development of the environmental services in four South African cities, 1840-1920
Summary (s.75-81).
Preservation of ecosystems of international watercourses and the integration of relevant rules : an interpretative mechanism to address the fragmentation of international law
Abstract: Who owns freshwater? : detecting and deconstructing discourses relating to community participation in water supply governance. The purpose of this dissertation was first to identify some of the common and prevailing discourses on community participation and water supply governance in developing countries as a whole, and South Africa in particular. Secondly, the study was intended to discuss why and how particular perceptions and practices continue to be so influential in the area of water supply governance. The research conducted for this dissertation consisted of an extensive and critical review of various forms of relevant secondary data. In the first part of this study, different definitions of community participation and water supply governance, as well as ideas on how and why these concepts are linked, were discussed in general terms. Postmodern theory relating to truth claims, power and discourses was also included in order to deploy a particular analysing tool for the second part of the study. The latter sections of the dissertation focused respectively on deconstructing topic-related South African governmental publications as well as analysing and discussing common water supply and community participation discourses in the framework of different South African case examples. This study found that discussions revolving around water supply easily become limited to contrasting public and private forms of ownership and management, although in actuality the same - largely neoliberal principles - often seem to guide both options. It was also discovered that new discourses are emerging, such as basic water supply as a universal human right and community participation in water supply governance as a form of empowerment for marginalised community members. Postmodern analysis, however, has additionally suggested that while decentralisation of water governance and participatory approaches are already becoming an integral part of water policies, this redefinition is still far from truly replacing the common centralising practices and influential neoliberal discourses.
Water for people, water for life : a joint report by the twenty-three UN agencies concerned with freshwater
Report of the second Meeting of Regional Fishery Body Secretariats Network : Rome, 9-10 March 2009.
This book offers a close examination of water scarcity as a developmental challenge facing member nations of the Southern African Development Community (SADC), the interventions that have been implemented to combat the situation and the challenges still outstanding. The first chapter paints the backdrop of the water scarcity problem, reviewing historical approaches from the 1992 Earth Summit in Rio de Janeiro to the Johannesburg World Summit on Sustainable Development (2002) to the United Nations Rio+20 Conference on Sustainable Development (2012), and recapping principles and agreements reached during and after these conferences. Chapter two examines the Southern Africa region's efforts to combat water scarcity including principles, policies and strategies and the responsibility of each member to implement them. Written by the editor, J.P. Msangi, the chapter describes Namibia's efforts to ensure management of scarce water. Beyond enacting management and pollution control regulations and raising public awareness, Namibia encourages research to ensure attainment of the requirements of both the SADC Protocol and its own water scarcity management laws. The next three chapters offer Namibia-based case studies on impacts of pollution on water treatment; on the effects of anthropogenic activities on water quality and on the effects of water transfers from dams upstream of Von Bach dam. The final chapter provides detailed summaries of the issues discussed in the book, highlighting conclusions and offering recommendations. Combating Water Scarcity in Southern Africa synthesizes issues pertinent to the SADC countries as well as to other regions, and offers research that up to now has not been conducted in Namibia.
Managing blue gold : new perspectives on water security in the levantine Middle East
Governance of infrastructure networks:development avenues for the Finnish water and sewage sector
World aquaculture 2010
Legitimating aid : donors and policy making in the rural water supply and sanitation sector in Nepal
Environmental management in the United Kingdom
Managing the human impact on the natural environment : patterns and processes
Report of the United Nations Water Conference, Mar del Plata, 14-25 March 1977.
Who brings the water? : negotiating state responsibility in water sector reform in Niger
Moving water and the law : on the distribution of water rights and water duties within river basins in European and Dutch water law = Bewegend water : over de verdeling van waterrechten en waterplichten binnen stroomgebieden in het Europese en Nederlands recht
International Consultation on the Transfer and Implementation of Environmentally Sound Technologies for Water Quality Management in the Mekong River Basin : regional consultation with stakeholders to identify needs and actions, November 14-16, 2000 in Phnom Penh, Cambodia, November 20, 2000 in Bangkok, Thailand
Managing Britain's marine and coastal environment : towards a sustainable future
History of water supply and governance in Kenya (1895-2005) : lessons and futures
"In the context of the economies of the world becoming greener, this book provides a global and interdisciplinary overview of the condition of the world's water resources and the infrastructure used to manage it. It focuses on current social and economic costs of water provision, needs and opportunities for investment and for improving its management"--
Tanker chartering and management
Governance by green taxes : implementing clean water policies in Denmark, France, Germany and the Netherlands 1970-1990
Executive summary (s. 9-16).
Regulatory systems and networking of water utilities and regulatory bodies : proceedings of the Regional Forum, Manila, 26-28 March 2001.
International law for a water-scarce world
Policies and strategies for rational use of water in the ECE region : a report
Governance of infrastructure networks : development avenues for the Finnish water and sewage sector
In search of sustainable water management : international lessons for the American West and beyond
Watercourse co-operation in Northern Europe : a model for the future
The Pechora river basin
Adaptation to climate change in the administrative sector of the Ministry of the Environment : action plan update for 2011-2012
Cleaning up the Great Lakes : from cooperation to confrontation
Human dimensions of the ecosystem approach to fisheries : an overview of context, concepts, tools and methods
"Climate change, population growth and the increasing demand for water are all capable of leading to disputes over transboundary water systems. Dealing with these challenges will require the enhancing of adaptive capacity, the improving of the quality of water-resources management and a reduction in the risk of conflict between riparian states. Such changes can only be brought about through significant international cooperation. Christina Leb's analysis of the duty to cooperate and the related rights and obligations highlights the interlinkages between this duty and the principles of equitable and reasonable utilisation and the prevention of transboundary harm. In doing so, she considers the law applicable to both international watercourses and transboundary aquifers, and explores the complementarities and interaction between the rules of international water law and the related obligations of climate change and human rights law"--
Water and the law : towards sustainability
Fresh water in international law
Cooperation in the law of transboundary water resources
International law of water resources : contribution of the International Law Association (1954-2000)
This booklet provides guidance on broodstock management and domestication, genetic improvement programs, dissemination programs for genetically improved fish, economic considerations in genetic improvement programs. The effective management of genetic resources, risk assessment and monitoring can help promote responsible aquaculture by increasing production output and efficiency, and help minimize adverse impacts on the environment.--Publisher's description.
Anatomy of an Aid Encounter : Actors and Power in the Rural Water Supply and Sanitation Support Programme in Nepal
Water, power and identity : the cultural politics of water in the Andes
Managing blue gold : new perspectives on water security in the Levantine Middle East
Sourcebook of alternative technologies for freshwater augmentation in West Asia
Frameworks for water law reform
Water protection of the Gulf of Finland and Estonian waterbodies : (1945-2003)
The law and governance of water resources : the challenge of sustainability
Proceedings of the International Symposium on Building Partnerships between Citizens and Local Governments for Sustainable Lake Management , 8-9 November 2001, Kusatsu City, Shiga Prefecture, Japan
Who owns freshwater? : detecting and deconstructing discourses relating to community participation in water supply governance
Implementing water protection policy : the Finnish experience on organizational interaction at local level
Environmental monitoring in Finland 2006-2008
Governing water : contentious transnational politics and global institution building
Report of the twenty-fourth session of the European Inland Fisheries Advisory Commission : Mondsee, Austria, 14 - 21 June 2006.
Aquaculture development in China : the role of public sector policies
Integrated water resources management (IWRM) approach in water governance in Lao PDR : cases of hydropower and irrigation
Water law & policy : governance without frontiers
Suomen kartasto = Atlas över Finland : Atlas of Finland. 132, Vedet
Mineral concessions and law in Greenland
Rethinking water management : innovative approaches to contemporary issues
Governance as a trialogue : government-society-science in transition
Fisheries and aquaculture in Georgia : current status and planning
Water and development : good governance after neoliberalism
Environmental management : readings and case studies
Research in the Finnish water and environment administration : an international evaluation 1988.
Water safety and water infrastructure security
Environmental management. Volume I, The compartmental approach
Water ethics : a values approach to solving the water crisis
New approaches to the governance of natural resources : insights from Africa
Incidental mortality in commercial fisheries around the world is a threat to seabirds and is causing decline in many breeding populations. Guidelines were prepared during this expert consultation to assist countries in developing policies and plans of action for reducing incidental catch and mortality of seabirds in fisheries.--Publisher's description.
The role of water in socio-economic development : report 1 of IHP II Project C1 (on Heightening Awareness of the Socio-economic Role of Water)
Summary (s. 5-12).
Report of the twenty-third session of the European Inland Fisheries Advisory Commission : Wierzba, Poland, 26 May-2 June 2004.
Conclusion (s. 91).
Thirsty planet : strategies for sustainable water management
Water and drainage law
Water rights administration : experience, issues and guidelines
Water-using corporations as agents of water security, management and governance : exploring cases from stewardship initiatives in South Africa to global networks of power
Report of the third Meeting of Regional Body Secretariats Network : Rome, 7-8 February 2011.
Management of fisheries on Lake Tanganyika : challenges for research and the community
Report of the Symposium on Inland Fisheries Management and the Aquatic Environment : the effects of fisheries management on freshwater ecosystems, Windermere, United Kingdom, 12-15 June 2002 : held in connection with the European Inland Fisheries Advisory Commission Twenty-second Session, Windermere, United Kingdom, 12-19 June 2002.
From government to governance? : new governance for water and biodiversity in an enlarged Europe
Report of the eleventh session of the Sub-committee for Lake Tanganyika, Kinshasa, Democratic Republic of the Congo, 25-28 April 2006 = : Rapport de la onzième session du Sous-comité pour le Lac Tanganyika, Kinshasa, Republique démocratique du Congo, 25-28 avril 2006.
Report of the Expert Consultation on Best Practice Technical Guidelines for IPOA/NPOA-Seabirds : Bergen, Norway, 2-5 September 2008.
Improving water management : recent OECD experience
National and international water law and administration : selected writings
New political entities in public and private international law : with special reference to the Palestinian entity
Promoting transboundary water security in the Aral Sea basin through international law
Disaster response and risk management in the fisheries sector
New governance and the EU courts : the experimentalist architecture of judicial decision-making
Water law for the twenty-first century : national and international aspects of water law reform in India
Water institutions : policies, performance and prospects
Combating water scarcity in southern Africa : case studies from Namibia
Water, a shared responsibility : the United Nations world water development report 2.
The optimization of water resource management in the ESCWA countries : a survey of measures taken by the ESCWA countries during the 1990s for the optimization of water resource management and capacity-building in the water sector
Geographic information systems in fisheries management and planning
The environmental impact caused by the increasing demand for water. Water and resource management : a case study in Ethiopia
Adjudicating new governance : deliberative democracy in the European Union
Investing in water for a green economy : services, infrastructure, policies, and management
Integrated management of European wetlands : final report : July 2004.
Possibilities and limitations of participative governance : public participation in water governance in Finland and Sweden
Report of the twenty-seventh session of the Committee on Fisheries, Rome, 5-9 March 2007.
