http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p19394 Streptococcus pneumoniae
Streptococcus pneumoniae pneumococcus
Experimental model of Streptococcus pneumoniae infection and vaccine testing on adult zebrafish
Invasive pneumococcal infections in Finland before routine use of conjugate vaccines : opportunities for prevention
Streptococcus pneumoniae is a significant pathogen in developing countries causing mortality especially among children and the elderly. The development of new pneumococcal vaccines has reduced the amount of serious infections, but several pneumococcal serotypes set a great challenge in the battle against the pathogen. Zebrafish is an excellent model for various infections due to its developed immune system. Zebrafish is easy to maintain and it has many characteristics that make it a widely used animal model. The aim of this study was to set up a model for Streptococcus pneumonia infection in adult zebrafish and to find out if zebrafish can be used in the development of pneumococcal vaccines. The purpose was to find a dose of bacteria that kills half of the test animals, find out the role of pneumococcal virulence factors, and to examine the clearance of S. pneumoniae from the zebrafish blood stream. The purpose was also to find out if two commercial pneumococcal vaccines give zebrafish protection against the Streptococcus pneumonia infection. For the study, the zebrafish were infected intraperitoneally with a wild-type S. pneumoniae and mutants lacking certain virulence factors. The progression of pneumococcal infection was studied by following the mortality and bacteria concentration of blood. For testing the vaccines, fish were injected intramuscularly with the vaccines. The vaccinated fish were infected with wild-type pneumococcus to find out the effects of the vaccines. The results showed that a dose of 5 x 106 colony forming units of wild-type Streptococcus pneumoniae killed approximately half of the fish. Most of the surviving fish were able to clear the bacteria within 24 hours. S. pneumoniae entered the bloodstream very rapidly and was able to multiply in zebrafish. The bacterial concentration continues to grow within six hours post-infection. After 12 hours, the amount of bacteria decreased rapidly and by the next day most of the fish had cleared the bacteria. The mutant experiments indicated that capsule is a crucial virulence factor along with autolysin and pneumolysin. The lack of pili had no effect on the mortality rates when compared with wild-type infections.
The pneumococcus
Oropharyngeal carriage of respiratory bacteria among military conscripts
Microbiological effects and clinical use of xylitol in preventing acute otitis media
Comparison of serum antibodies to pneumolysin with those pneumococcal capsular polysaccharides in children with acute otitis media
Surveillance of invasive pneumococcal disease in Europe 2010
Evaluation of synthetic peptides and PCR in the diagnostics of pneumococcal infections
Detection of pneumococcus by PCR
Summary.
Mucosal antibodies to protein and capsular polysaccharide antigens of Streptococcus Pneumoniae in children : relation to pneumococcal carriage and acute otitis media
Case definition of pneumococcal pneumonia : a latent class analysis approach
Pneumonia in the elderly : risk factors, clinical efficacy of pneumococcal vaccine and long-term prognosis
The role of pneumococcal histidine triad proteins in the adherence of Streptococcus pneumoniae to mucosal surfaces
Pneumococcal pneumonia in children : diagnosis and clinical profile
Function of antibodies evoked by pneumococcal conjugate and polysaccharide vaccines in adults and infants
The introduction of the pneumococcal conjugate vaccine into cameroon's expanded programme on immunisation : would every child be reached?
Oropharyngeal carriage of respiratory bacteria among
military conscripts
Antiadhesive molecules in milk and berries against respiratory pathogens
Pediatric community-acquired pneumonia : a serologic study on etiology, with special focus on newly identified agents
Measurement of relative hazards without active follow-up of a cohort : applications to vaccine efficacy
Immunogenicity and tolerability of an 11-valent pneumococcal conjugate vaccine
Antibodies to capsular polysaccharides of Streptococcus pneumoniae in children : acquisition and measurement
Catching the pneumococcus : studies focusing on carriage, epidemiology and microbiological methods
Statistical studies on bacterial transmission and community dynamics
Infectious disease threats
Relationship between nasopharyngeal carriage and acute otitis media due to Streptococcus pneumoniae among Finnish children aged less than two years
Molecular methods for the epidemiological analysis of methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA) and Streptococcus pneumoniae
ISPPD-4 2004 : 4th International Symposium on Pneumococci and Pneumococcal Diseases, May 9-13, 2004 Marina Congress Center, Helsinki, Finland : programme and abstracts
Antibodies to pneumococcal proteins PspA, PsaA and Ply in children less than two years of age : relation to pneumococcal carriage and acute otitis media
Mucosal antibodies to protein and capsular polysaccharide antigens of Streptococcus pneumoniae in children : relation to pneumococcal carriage and acute otitis media
Interplay of virulence factors in complement resistance of Streptococcus pneumoniae
Abstract: The role of pneumococcal surface proteins in bacterial adherence to human epithelial cells.
Clonality of Streptococcus pneumoniae in relation to antimicrobial resistance in Finland
Antimicrobial Resistance in Finland : Finres 2012
Role of pneumococcal virulence genes in the etiology of respiratory tract infection and biofilm formation
Salivary antibodies to capsular polysaccharides induced by polysaccharide-protein conjugate vaccines in infants
Epidemiology of invasive pneumococcal disease in adults : implications for prevention
Role of pneumococcal virulence genes in the etiology of rerspiratory tract infection and biofilm formation
Antibodies to capsular polysaccharides of Neisseria meningitidis of groups A and C and Haemophilus influenzae type b and their relation to vaccination and disease
Etiology and antimicrobial treatment of pneumonia and other common childhood infections warranting hospitalization
Antimicrobial resistance in Streptococcus pneumoniae in Finland with special reference to macrolides and telithromycin
Circulating antibody-secreting cells and salivary antibodies induced by the capsular polysaccharide of Streptococcus pneumoniae after parenteral immunisation and in acute otitis media
Antimicrobial resistance in Streptococcus pneumoniae, with special reference to macrolide resistance
Mother-infant antibodies to pneumococcal polysaccharides and proteins : transfer and persistence of maternal antibodies and development of vaccine-induced and naturally acquired antibodies in infants
The identification of Streptococcus pneumoniae
