http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p19365 middle class
middle class
Bridget Jones's diary
Family
A lark for the sake of their country : the 1926 general strike volunteers in folklore and memory
Hollowed out : why the economy doesn't work without a strong middle class
The Lonely Crowd is considered by many to be the most influential book of the twentieth century. Its now-classic analysis of the new middle class in terms of inner-directed and other-directed social character opened exciting new dimensions in our understanding of the psychological, political, and economic problems that confront the individual in contemporary American society. The 1969 abridged and revised edition of the book is now reissued with a new foreword by Todd Gitlin that explains why the book is still relevant to our own era. As accessible as it is acute, The Lonely Crowd is indispensable reading for anyone who wishes to understand American society. After half a century, this book has lost none of its capacity to make sense of how we live.Todd Gitlin Praise for the earlier editions: "One of the most penetrating and comprehensive views of the twentieth-century urban American you're likely to find.
Timepass : youth, class, and the politics of waiting in India
Victorian Radicalism : the middle-class experience, 1830-1914
The middle classes in Europe 1789-1914 : France, Germany, Italy and Russia
"A Companion to the Anthropology of India offers a broad overview of the rapidly evolving scholarship on Indian society from the earliest area studies to views of India's globalization in the twenty-first century. Provides readers with an important new introduction to the anthropology of India Explores the larger global issues that have transformed India since the end of colonization, including demographic, economic, social, cultural, political, and religious issues Contributions by leading experts present up-to-date, comprehensive coverage of key topics such as population and life expectancy, civil society, social-moral relationships, caste and communalism, youth and consumerism, the new urban middle class, environment and health, tourism, public and religious cultures, politics and law Represents an authoritative guide for professional social and cultural anthropologists, and South Asian specialists, and an accessible reference work for students engaged in the analysis of India's modern transformation"--
Europe's disappearing middle class? : evidence from the world of work
Capital : a portrait of twenty-first century Delhi
Middle classes : their rise and sprawl
The society of the enlightenment : the rise of the middle class and enlightenment culture in Germany
"This volume explores the social consequences of macro-economic reform introduced in Vietnam more than a quarter of a century ago through a focus on young women graduates who hope to find success in Ho Chi Minh City's growing graduate labour market. They are part of Vietnam's new middle class, an educated and affluent segment of society growing with the rapid urbanization of Vietnam's major cities. Drawing on a rich person-centred ethnography supplemented with middle-class Vietnamese women's published autobiographies, it reveals how opportunities for professional work, further education, and leisure lifestyling attract young migrants, particularly female graduates, to Vietnam's mega-urban Southeast region. Centred on Ho Chi Minh City, it argues that Vietnam's Southeast enables young women, so long as they remain single, to realize aspirations for betterment that affect not only their own lives, but those of their families and communities who remain in rural Vietnam. It highlights the socio-cultural and material benefits realized through remittances received from urban daughters to emphasize the salience of kinship during periods of social transformation.The volume concludes with a wide-ranging look at the emergence of middle classes in Pacific Asia in order to locate the Vietnamese new middle class within a globalizing context." -- Provided by publisher.
Science and societies in Frankfurt am Main
Globalised minds, roots in the city : urban upper-middle classes in Europe
The European new middle class : individuality and tribalism in mass society
Discovery of the middle classes in East Asia
Fortune, fame, and desire : promoting the self in the long nineteenth century
The middle sort of people in provincial England 1600-1750
Class & social development : a new theory of the middle class
" The American economy is stalled because business and political leaders are ignoring the one force that could truly re-energize their companies and the economy: the poor. The massive economic energy and potential of the poor and the struggling middle class has been left on the sidelines. John Hope Bryant's stirring book shows how this came to be and lays out some simple ideas for making the economy work again--for everyone. The poor are not stupid or lazy, but they know when the system is stacked against them. Business loans, home loans, and financial investments have vanished from their communities. The path up to the middle class has disappeared, while the path down from the middle class is in danger of becoming a superhighway. The future of our nation fully depends on overturning powerful myths about how the economy works. Fully 70 percent of the American economy is driven by consumer spending, but more and more consumers have less and less to spend and feel like the deck is stacked against them. When business leaders begin to value the poor and understand that helping them succeed will help the economy thrive, we'll be well on our way to restoring the American Dream of equal economic opportunity"--
"As a nine-year-old Tehrani schoolgirl during the Iranian Revolution, Nazila Fathi watched her country change before her eyes. The revolutionaries-- most of them poor, uneducated, and radicalized-- seized jobs, housing, and positions of power, transforming Iranian society practically overnight. But this socioeconomic revolution had an unintended effect. As Fathi shows, the forces unleashed in 1979 inadvertently created a robust Iranian middle class, one that today hungers for more personal freedoms and a renewed relationship with the outside world"--
Children as treasures : childhood and the midle class in early twentieth century Japan
Study conducted in Hyderabad, Andhra Pradesh, India.
The culture of professionalism : the middle class and the development of higher education in America
The origins of the Southern middle class, 1800-1861
Vietnam's new middle classes : gender, career, city
The bourgeois experience : Victoria to Freud. Vol. 2, The tender passion
Eichler : modernism rebuilds the American dream
In search of the new woman : middle-class women and work in Britain, 1870-1914
Middle class families : social and geographical mobility
The darkening hour
Hillbilly elegy : a memoir of a family and culture in crisis
The lower middle class in Britain 1870-1914
Leisure, lifestyle and the new middle class : a case study
Reformation of the middle classes in the Baltic countries?
Inconvenient people : lunacy, liberty, and the mad-doctors in Victorian England
The dinner
Women's spaces : class, gender and the club : an anthropological study of the transitional process in Poland
A Companion to the Anthropology of India
Summary: Living for work and working for life: the family life of middle-managers.
The middle class, knowledge and the idea of the third factor
The great Indian middle class
Baking as biography : a life story in recipes
Becoming bourgeois : love, kinship, and power in provincial France, 1670-1880
Music and the middle class : the social structure of concert life in London, Paris and Vienna between 1830 and 1848
Confessions of a crap artist : Jack Isidore (of Seville, Calif.) :a chronicle of verified scientific fact, 1945-1959
The politics of identity : class, culture, social movements
The Australian liberals and the moral middle class : from Alfred Deakin to John Howard
The bourgeois : between history and literature
Fashioning the bourgeoisie : a history of clothing in the nineteenth century
Manliness and morality : middle-class masculinity in Britain and America, 1800-1940
The war over the family : capturing the middle ground
The 'New Women' of late nineteenth-century Britain were seen as defying society's conventions. Studying this phenomenon from its origins in the 1870s to the outbreak of the Great War, Gillian Sutherland examines whether women really had the economic freedom to challenge norms relating to work, political action, love and marriage, and surveys literary and pictorial representations of the New Woman. She considers the proportion of middle-class women who were in employment and the work they did, and compares the different experiences of women who went to Oxbridge and those who went to other universities. Juxtaposing them against the period's rapidly expanding but seldom studied groups of women white-collar workers, the book pays particular attention to clerks and teachers and their political engagement. It also explores the dividing lines between ladies and women, the significance of respectability and the interactions of class, status and gender lying behind such distinctions.
Class : a view from middle England
The bourgeoisie in the dining-room : meal ritual and cultural process in Parisian families of today
The naked heart
In the middle decades of the nineteenth century, a widening set of opportunities in the public sphere opened up for ambitious men and women in the loosely structured stratum of 'the middle class.' Much of the attention to the marketplace between 1820 and 1910 has described entrepreneurship and the beginnings of a more sophisticated economy, but not much has been paid to the commodification of the self. This book sets out to explore the promotion of the self in the rapidly growing economy and political flux of the nineteenth century. Its geography extends through New England, New York, the new states of the Midwest, and the great cities of the Mid-Atlantic, with an occasional trip to New Orleans, San Francisco and Los Angeles. The approach is biographical, using representative middle class figures to illuminate cultural and social history. Aided by more cheaply produced print and the clamor of the American public for entertainment both high and low brow, the figures described in this book strove for fame, sometimes achieved good fortune, and acted out desires for sexual pleasure, political success, and achieving the ideal in society. In doing so they questioned and rearranged the ideas of the early Republic. Poised between the dying class structure of the late eighteenth century and the rise of a more hierarchical one in the early twentieth, they took advantage of a society in flux to make their mark on American culture.
In search of the Finnish middle class
The fragile middle class : Americans in debt
Wife 22
A brilliant and insightful work that examines the insecurities of the middle class in an attempt to explain its turn to the right during the past two decades, Fear of Falling traces the myths about the middle class to their roots in the ambitions and anxieties that torment the group and that have led to its retreat from a responsible leadership role.
The German bourgeoisie : essays on the social history of the German middle class from the late eighteenth to the early twentieth century
Social change and the middle classes
Postindustrial peasants : the illusion of middle-class prosperity
'White Flight' in Finland? : a qualitative study into Finnish-born families' housing and school choices in Turku
"At the end of World War II, many Americans longed for a return to a more normal way of life after decades of depression and war. In fact, between 1945 and 1963 the idea of "normality" circulated as a keyword in almost every aspect of American culture. In Perfectly Average, Anna Creadick investigates how and why this concept reemerged as a potent homogenizing category in postwar America. Working with scientific studies, material culture, literary texts, film, fashion, and the mass media, she charts the pursuit of the "normal" through thematic chapters on the body, character, class, sexuality, and community."
Modern individualism and identity confusion in istanbul
Nobody's angels : middle-class women and domestic ideology in Victorian culture
The 'New Women' of late nineteenth-century Britain were seen as defying society's conventions. Studying this phenomenon from its origins in the 1870s to the outbreak of the Great War, Gillian Sutherland examines whether women really had the economic freedom to challenge norms relating to work, political action, love and marriage, and surveys literary and pictorial representations of the New Woman.
English abstract
Inequality, marketization and the majority class : why did the European middle classes accept neo-liberalism?
Middle class China : identity and behaviour
Capitalism, class conflict and the new middle class
Broke : who killed the middle classes?
My so-called life : the tragically normal diary of Rachel Riley
The new middle class and the remaking of the central city
Bourgeois dignity : why economics can't explain the modern world
U.S.A. 2012 : after the middle-class revolution
Reflections from a contact / conflict zone : highly educated women's views on family life in Nairobi, Kenya
Boiling point : Democrats, Republicans, and the decline of middle-class prosperity. Kevin Phillips
We had it so good
Goldengrove : a novel
The decline and fall of the middle class - and how it can fight back
Perfectly average : the pursuit of normality in postwar America
Russian middle class and media in the new millennium
Gated communities in China : class, privilege and the moral politics of the good life
Middle classes in dependent countries
A Married Woman
The German bourgeoisie : essays on the social history of th German middle class from the late eighteenth to the early twentieth century
Falling from grace : the experience of downward mobility in the American middle class
Bait and switch : the (futile) pursuit of the corporate dream
Vance, a former marine and Yale Law School graduate, provides an account of growing up in a poor Rust Belt town that offers a broader, probing look at the struggles of America's white working class. The decline of this group, a demographic of our country that has been slowly disintegrating over forty years, has been reported on with growing frequency and alarm. J. D. Vance tells the true story of what a social, regional, and class decline feels like when you were born with it hung around your neck. The Vance family story begins hopefully in postwar America. J. D.'s grandparents were "dirt poor and in love," and moved north from Kentucky's Appalachia region to Ohio in the hopes of escaping the dreadful poverty around them. They raised a middle-class family, and eventually their grandchild (the author) would graduate from Yale Law School, a conventional marker of their success in achieving generational upward mobility. But as the family saga of Hillbilly Elegy plays out, we learn that this is only the short, superficial version. Vance's grandparents, aunt, uncle, sister, and, most of all, his mother, struggled profoundly with the demands of their new middle-class life, and were never able to fully escape the legacy of abuse, alcoholism, poverty, and trauma so characteristic of their part of America.
"This book has a simple message for business leaders: you help yourselves by helping the poor. Instead of feeling as if the economy is working against them, the poor need to feel they have a stake in it so they will buy your products and put money in the bank. Supporting poor people's efforts to move into the middle class is the only way to enrich everyone, rich and poor alike"--
"In the 1980s, sensational stories about an 'emerging new middle class' popped up simultaneously in the streets of Jakarta and at conferences of hopeful Indonesia watchers. Businesspeople and professionals had profited from President Suharto's rapid economic success, and were allegedly eager to not only to show off their new wealth, but to boost democratization processes as well. They and their families were the vanguard of a category of Jakartans who regarded themselves boldly as the 'normal, modern, educated middle class' of Indonesia--against the background of a profound and state-induced depoliticization. Apart from fostering a new consumer culture, the new middle class was at the root of the expansion of the conurbation Jabotabek, housing hundreds of thousands of newly arrived middle-class members. Meanwhile, a new and huge gap between rich and poor became conspicuously visible in Jakarta. During the 1990s, the increasing political instability of the New Order government and the Asian monetary crisis led to the dramatic resignation of President Suharto in May 1998. In this study, based on extensive anthropological fieldwork throughout the 1990s, this new middle class is examined as a socio-cultural phenomenon. Despite a global orientation and a taste for democracy, its members seemed to have internalized the New Order along with some lingering late-colonial notions as their guidelines for life. How 'new' was the new middle class anyway? Lifestyle and material culture practices in the suburb of Bintaro Raya--in public space as well as in the intimacy of living rooms--illustrate the everyday ambiguity of people who appear to be trapped in their imagined middle-classness: they were 'lost in mall'."--Publisher's description
The book club
Treasure hunt : inside the mind of the new global consumer
Cuba in the shadow of change : daily life in the twilight of the revolution
Culture and privilege in capitalist Asia
Political rights in post-Mao China
Consumption intensified : the politics of middle-class daily life in Brazil
The bourgeois experience : Victoria to Freud. Vol. 4, The naked heart
The lonely war : one woman's account of the struggle for modern Iran
Ghost heart
Capital, labour and the middle classes
Russian middle class families on school market in Helsinki metropolitan region : ethnicity versus social class
One nation, after all : what middle-class Americans really think about: God, country, family, racism, welfare, immigration, homosexuality, work, the right, the left, and each other
Zhongguo zhongchan jieceng diaocha = Survey of the Chinese middle classes
The middle classes : then and now
The virgin suicides
Working with class : social workers and the politics of middle-class identity
All you want is money, all you need is love : sexuality and romance in modern India
All-American girl : the ideal of real womanhood in mid-nineteenth-century America
MODERN & CONTEMPORARY FICTION (POST C 1945). A dazzling urban satire of modern relationships? An ironic, tragic insight into the demise of the nuclear family? Or the confused ramblings of a pissed thirty-something? As Bridget documents her struggles through the social minefield of her thirties and tries to weigh up the eternal question (Daniel Cleaver or Mark Darcy?), she turns for support to four indispensable friends: Shazzer, Jude, Tom and a bottle of chardonnay. Bridget Jones's Diary was first published in 1996 and applauded by critics from Salman Rushdie to Jilly Cooper. A number-one bestseller, Helen Fielding's book has sold over fifteen million copies worldwide and has been turned into an Academy Award-nominated film starring Renee Zellweger, Colin Firth and Hugh Grant.
Studying the Finnish new middle class : in a French dressing
Behind the mule : race and class in African-American politics
Women in the first capitalist society : experiences in seventeenth-century England
This is a sociohistorical study of the concept of "manliness" in the late Victorian and Edwardian periods. The contributors examine the distinctive nature of Victorian masculine stereotypes, the means by which these concepts were disseminated and their translation into codes of conduct.
In search of Finnish new middle class
"The bourgeois ... Not so long ago, this notion seemed indispensable to social analysis; these days, one might go years without hearing it mentioned. Capitalism is more powerful than ever, but its human embodiment seems to have vanished. 'I am a member of the bourgeois class, feel myself to be such, and have been brought up on its opinions and ideals,' wrote Max Weber, in 1895. Who could repeat these words today? Bourgeois 'opinions and ideals' -- what are they?" Thus begins Franco Moretti's study of the bourgeois in modern European literature -- a major new analysis of the once-dominant culture and its literary decline and fall. Moretti's gallery of individual portraits is entwined with the analysis of specific keywords -- "useful" and "earnest," "efficiency," "influence," "comfort," "roba"-- and of the formal mutations of the medium of prose. From the "working master" of the opening chapter, through the seriousness of nineteenth-century novels, the conservative hegemony of Victorian Britain, the "national malformations" of the Southern and Eastern periphery, and the radical self-critique of Ibsen's twelve-play cycle, the book charts the vicissitudes of bourgeois culture, exploring the causes for its historical weakness, and for its current irrelevance. -- Publisher's website.
Bit rot : short stories + essays
The Roman middle class in the Republican period
The middle class : a history
Tamil brahmans : the making of a middle-class caste
Inspiring elite action for a more just society? : media framing of elite social responsibility in an unequal, unconsolidated democracy : a case study from Namibia
"The Renaissance mattered to everyday people. Cultural Legitimacy recovers the cultural and intellectual lives of 147 Venetians of the sixteenth and early seventeenth centuries from household inventories that recorded their book ownership, from the philosophical ruminations they inserted (illegally) into their final wills and testaments, and from the laconic memoranda of mental universes wedged into the narrow margins of account books. Part I presents a broad view of the Venetian Renaissance as it unfolded in the houses and shops of artisans, merchants and professionals. Part II maps the worlds of three eloquent physicians: Nicolò Massa (1485-1569); Francesco Longo (1506-1576), and Alberto Rini (d.1599). These university-trained doctors left longer documentary trails than innkeepers, wives of goldsmiths and perfumers, apothecaries, parish priests, and retail merchants. Yet physicians had more in common with other men and women in the middle ranks than we might assume. While both popular and professional histories can make it seem as if Renaissance culture touched only aristocrats and the geniuses on their payrolls, this study reveals literary values inspiring people who did any number of things to feed their families."--Provided by publisher.
The middle class and democracy in socio-historical perspective
The middle classes and the city : a study of Paris and London
How the poor can save capitalism : rebuilding the path to the middle class
The new middle classes : life-styles, status claims and political orientations
From Weimar to Auschwitz
While recent studies have highlighted the phenomenon and risks of increased inequalities between the top and the bottom of society, little research has so far been carried out on trends relating to the median income range that generally represents the middle class. This volume examines the following questions: what are the main transformations in the world of work over the last 20 years in terms of the labour market, social dialogue and conditions of work, wages and incomes that may have affected the middle class? How has the middle class been altered by the financial and economic crisis? What are the long-term trends for the middle class in Europe? This volume also investigates the potential risks and effects of the reshuffling, or even weakening, of the middle class. On the social side, it explores the ramifications of further retrenchment of the European Social Model, which to a great extent has traditionally been funded by the middle class. On the economic side, the book investigates whether this process - especially from the perspective of consumption and human capital - is endangering the long-term sustainability of the current economic model. While presenting evidence of a definite erosion of the middle class, this book assesses the specific situation in each individual EU member state on the basis of detailed statistics and case studies of professional categories that traditionally represent the middle class. This book issues a timely warning about the latest trends and prospects for the middle class in Europe. On this basis, it presents policy considerations and options that will be useful to policy-makers for ensuring the future of the middle class in Europe. Scholars and researchers of European studies and social policy, especially from a sustainability perspective, will find this volume to be an invaluable reference.
Being modern in the Middle East : revolution, nationalism, colonialism, and the Arab middle class
Money, morals, and manners : the culture of the French and American upper-middle class
Lost in mall : an ethnography of middle-class Jakarta in the 1990s
The emerging middle class in Africa
Managers and their wives : a study of career and family relationships in the middle class
The Chinese dream : the rise of the world's largest middle class and what it means to you / Helen H. Wang
Education and the middle class
Did she kill him? : a Victorian tale of deception, adultery and arsenic
The middle class
Declining fortunes : the withering of the American dream
Family dynasty, revolutionary society : the Cochins of Paris, 1750-1922
Capturing contemporary Japan : differentiation and uncertainty
Real time : stories and a reminiscence
A sixpence at whist : gaming and the English middle classes, 1680-1830
The criminology of white-collar crime
Sport and the English middle classes 1870-1914
Fear of falling : the inner life of the middle class
"For the past several decades, politicians and economists have thought that high levels of inequality were good for the economy. But an economy that works only for the rich simply doesn't work. Because the middle class is so weak, America's economy now suffers from the kinds of problems that plague less-developed countries. Privileged elites more frequently secure special treatment from a government that wastes money and stifles competition. Children's opportunities are excessively determined by the wealth of their parents. Societal distrust has increased, making business transactions needlessly difficult. Consumer demand has weakened and become unstable, which has helped fuel the Great Recession and has made the recovery painfully slow. As Hollowed Out explains, to have strong and sustainable growth, the economy needs to work for everyone and grow from the middle out. This new middle-out theory aims to supplant trickle-down economics--the theory that was so wrong about inequality and our economy and did so much damage to our nation. This new thinking has the potential to shape economic policymaking for generations."--Provided by publisher.
The inheritance of loss
Such a long journey
Middle-class culture in Elizabethan England
The middle class in the Great Depression : popular women's novels of the 1930s
Bourgeois morality
The social origins of the French Revolution : the debate on the role of the middle classes
The ancient middle classes : urban life and aesthetics in the Roman Empire, 100 BCE-250 CE
The hidden injuries of class
In praise of books : a cultural history of Cairo's middle class, sixteenth to the eighteenth century
Americanah
Kinship, community, and self : essays in honor of David Warren Sabean
Middle class culture in the nineteenth century : America, Australia, and Britain
Hiding behind the mass media : how did the Chinese government react to th emergence of the middle class through the mass media
Middle class as a precondition of a sustainable society: fifteen years later : proceedings from the second international conference on the middle class
The winter war
The lonely crowd : a study of the changing American character
Lost visions and new uncertainties : Sandinista profesionales in northern Nicaragua
Suitably modern : making middle-class culture in a new consumer society
Servant economy : where America's elite is sending the middle class
Moral indignation and middle class psychology : a sociological study
"David Warren Sabean was a pioneer in the historical-anthropological study of kinship, community, and selfhood in early modern and modern Europe. His career has helped shape the discipline of history through his supervision of dozens of graduate students and his influence on countless other scholars. This book collects wide-ranging essays demonstrating the impact of Sabean's work has on scholars of diverse time periods and regions, all revolving around the prominent issues that have framed his career: kinship, community, and self. The significance of David Warren Sabean's scholarship is reflected in original research contributed by former students and essays written by his contemporaries, demonstrating Sabean's impact on the discipline of history"--Provided by publisher.
Beverly
Pride and prejudice
The senator's wife
The downfall of money : Germany's hyperinflation and the destruction of the middle class
The middle-class city : transforming space and time in Philadelphia, 1876-1926
Middle-class moralities : everyday struggle over belonging and prestige in India
Everyday Renaissances : the quest for cultural legitimacy in Venice
