http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p19358 music philosophy
music philosophy
Musical aesthetics : a historical reader. Vol. 1, From antiquity to the eighteenth century
Aesthetics : problems in the philosophy of criticism
The piece as a whole : Studies in holistic musical analysis
Music and its secret influence throughout the ages
Philosophy and hip-hop : ruminations on postmodern cultural form
Philosophy, music and emotion
Neo-mythologism in music : from Scriabin and Schoenberg to Schnittke and Crumb
A song for one or two : music and the concept of art in early China
Sound and semblance : reflections on musical representation
Opera and drama
The music of Pythagoras : how an ancient brotherhood cracked the code of the universe and lit the path from antiquity to outer space
Music, art, and metaphysics : essays in philosophical aesthetics
The mysticism of sound and music
Music intrudes to our most intimate subjectivity, thus making it a privileged field to which so-called existential semiotics, a new theory and philosophy developed by the author himself, may be applied. Using new semiotic methods and analyses as the fulcrum of its approaches, the volume aims to clarify why great classical composers from Mozart and Beethoven to Brahms and Wagner fascinate music listeners and lovers from all cultures of the world.
Seeking the significance of music education : essays and reflections
Between present and past, visible and invisible, and sensation and idea, there is resonance - so philosopher Maurice Merleau-Ponty argued and so Jessica Wiskus explores in "The Rhythm of Thought". Holding the poetry of Stephane Mallarme, the paintings of Paul Cezanne, the prose of Marcel Proust, and the music of Claude Debussy under Merleau-Ponty's phenomenological light, she offers innovative interpretations of some of these artists' masterworks, in turn articulating a new perspective on Merleau-Ponty's philosophy. More than merely recovering Merleau-Ponty's thought, Wiskus thinks according to it. First examining these artists in relation to noncoincidence - as silence in poetry, depth in painting, memory in literature, and rhythm in music - she moves through an array of their artworks toward some of Merleau-Ponty's most exciting themes: our bodily relationship to the world and the dynamic process of expression. She closes with an examination of synesthesia as an intertwining of internal and external realms and a call, finally, for philosophical inquiry as a mode of artistic expression. Structured like a piece of music itself, "The Rhythm of Thought" offers new contexts in which to approach art, philosophy, and the resonance between them.
Tonal harmony as a formal system
Musical attunement : the concept and phenomenon of Stimmung in music
Themes in the philosophy of music
Contexts of musicology. Vol. 1
Tuning the mind : connecting aesthetics to cognitive science
Analysis and value judgment
Preparatory exercises in score reading = Vorbereitende Übungen im Partiturlesen
Night music : essays on music 1928-1962
What is Musical Understanding?
Foundations of music history
Beyond Orpheus : studies in musical structure
The North in music : issues of geography, aesthetics, and ideology
On music : an Arabic critical edition and English translation of Epistle 5
Music and mind : philosophical essays on the cognition and meaning of music
"Noted music educator Bennett Reimer has selected 24 of his previously published articles from a variety of professional journals spanning the past 50 years. During that time, he's tackled generating core values for the field of music education; the core in larger societal and educational contexts; what to teach and how to teach it effectively; how we need to educate our teachers; the role of research in our profession; and how to improve our future status."--Provided by publisher.
On music
Contemplating music : source readings in the aesthetics of music. Vol. 1, Substance
Philosophy and the histories of the arts
A humanistic philosophy of music
The therapeutic value of music including The philosophy of music
The tooth that nibbles at the soul : essays on music and poetry
Reflections : interviews, scores, writings 1965-1994 = Reflexionen : Interviews, Notationen, Texte 1965-1994
Kwaito's promise : music and the aesthetics of freedom in South Africa
Philosophy and hip-hop: ruminations on postmodern cultural form opens up the philosophical life force that informs the construction of hip-hop by turning the gaze of the philosopher upon those blind spots that exist within existing scholarship. Traditional departments of philosophy will find this book a solid companion in contemporary phisophy or aesthetic theory. Indise these pages is a project that parallels the themes of existential angst, corporate elitism, social consciousness, male privilege, and masculinity. This book illustrates the abundance of philosophical meaning in the textual and graphic elements of hip-hop, and thus places hip-hop within the philosophical canon.
The interpretation of music : philosophical essays
Software for people : collected writings 1963-80
Philosophical variations : music as 'philosophical language'
Musical expression : some remarks on Goodman's theory
Style and idea : selected writings
Representation, truth and tha languages of the arts
Musical elaborations
Studio-based instrumental learning
The agony of modern music
Harmonies of heaven and earth : the spiritual dimension of music from antiquity to the avant-garde
In search of musical method
The substance of things heard : writings about music
Absolute music and the construction of meaning
In the process of becoming : analytic and philosophical perspectives on form in early nineteenth-century music
Artworld metaphysics turns a critical eye upon aspects of the artworld, and articulates some of the problems, principles, and norms implicit in the actual practices of artistic creation, interpretation, evaluation, and commodification. Aesthetic theory is treated as descriptive and explanatory, rather than normative: a theory that relates to artworld realities as a semantic theory relates to the fragments of natural language it seeks to describe. Robert Kraut examines emotional expression, correct interpretation and objectivity in the context of artworld practice, the relevance of jazz to aesthetic theory, and the goals of ontology (artworld and otherwise). He also considers the relation between art and language, the confusions of postmodern relativism, and the relation between artistic/critical practice and aesthetic theory.
The unanswered question : six talks at Harvard
"The time gives it proofe" : paradox in the late music of Beethoven
Musical understandings and other essays on the philosophy of music
Culture club : modern art, rock and roll, and other things your parents warned you about
Nada Brahma, the world is sound : music and the landscape of consciousness
The meaning of music : A study in psychological aesthetics
Understanding music : philosophy and interpretation
Beethoven : his spiritual development
Semiotics of classical music : how Mozart, Brahms and Wagner talk to us
Prolegomenon to a praxial philosophy of music and music education
Wagner's Ring cycle and the Greeks
Can (orchestral) music predict our future? : speech at the Nordic Orchestra Conference
Of mind and music
Musical aesthetics : a historical reader. Vol. 3, The twentieth century
Towards a theory of musical reproduction : notes, a draft and two schemata
Resonance : philosophy for sonic art
The beginnings of the modern philosophy of music in England : Francis North's A philosophical essay of musick (1677) with comments of Isaac Newton, Roger North and in the Philosophical transactions
Semantics, conceptual spaces and the dimensions of music
The first concert : an adaptive appraisal of a meta music
Bach as a paradigm in aesthetic discourse
The moment of existence : music, literature, and the arts, 1990-1995
The history of music aesthetics
Music and the myth of wholeness : toward a new aesthetic paradigm
Artworld metaphysics
The idea of absolute music
The end of early music : a period performer ́s history of music for the twenty-first century
Philosophers on music : experience, meaning, and work
John Cage : composed in America
Musical creativity : multidisciplinary research in theory and practice
Theology as performance : music, aesthetics, and God in western thought
Introduction to a philosophy of music
Variations upon varation, or Picasso back to Bach
One voice : a reconciliation of Harry Partch's disparate musical theories
The book examines the key turning points in the history of the Orpheus myth as factors that shaped, and continues to shape, our conceptions of music's powers. From its beginnings in archaic Antiquity to the latest major opera based on it, the story of Orpheus and Eurydice has been used by poets, philosophers, and musicians to express an increasingly complex set of ideas about what music can do. The study follows three threads in the myth's history: changes in form, cultural status, and the resulting visions of the powers of song.
Actors and singers
Music and consciousness : philosophical, psychological, and cultural perspectives
Musical time : the sense of order
Music as a science of mankind in eighteenth-century Britain
Ideas of time in music : a philosophico-logical investigation applied to works of Alberto Ginastera (1916-1983)
Sounding off : eleven essays in the philosophy of music
The recurring postmodern : notes on the constitution on musical artworks
Music as metaphor : the elements of expression
The digital musician
Through his reading of primary and secondary classical sources, as well as his theoretical writings, Richard Wagner developed a Hegelian-inspired theory linking the evolution of classical Greek politics and poetry. This book demonstrates how, by turning theory into practice, Wagner used this evolutionary paradigm to shape the music and the libretto of the Ring cycle. Foster describes how each of the Ring's operas represents a particular phase of Greek poetic and political development: Das Rheingold and Die Walküre create epic national identity in its earlier and later stages respectively; Siegfried expresses lyric personal identity; and Götterdämmerung destructively culminates with a tragi-comedy about civic identity. This study sees the Greeks through the lens of those scholars whose work influenced Wagner most, focusing on epic, lyric, and comedy, as well as Greek tragedy. Most significantly, the book interrogates the ways in which Wagner uses Greek aesthetics to further his own ideological goals.
Groove : an aesthetic of measured time
The Oxford handbook of philosophy in music education
Treatise on instrumentation
Music and the living brain
Bad music : the music we love to hate
Poetics of music : in the form of six lessons
On musical self-similarity : intersemiosis as synecdoche and analogy
A concise survey of music philosophy
Acoustical perspective on Raga-Rasa theory
Remaking the song : operatic visions and revisions from Handel to Berio
Music as praxis : some implications for teachers
Praxial music education : reflections and dialogues
Music as discourse : semiotic aventures in romantic music
Contemplating music : source readings in the aesthetics of music. Vol. 2, Import
How a note denotes
Thought on music in the context of philosophy in ancient China
The instrumental music of Schmeltzer, Biber, Muffat and their contemporaries
Literary modernism and musical aesthetics : Pater, Pound, Joyce, and Stein
French cultural politics & music : from the Dreyfus affair to the First World War
Travel agency of of musical meanings? : Discussion on music and context in Keith Swanwick's Interculturalism
Music in German philosophy : an introduction
Infinite music : imagining the next millennium of human music-making
Identity and difference : essays on music, language and time
Analysing musical multimedia
Special issue : the philosophy of music
Emblems of mind : the inner life of music and mathematics
Philosophy of modern music
The secret power of music
Musical beauty : negotiating the boundary between subject and object
The philosopher's touch : Sartre, Nietzsche, and Barthes at the piano
Osmin's rage : Philosophical reflections on opera, drama, and text
Musical transformation and musical intuition : eleven essays in honor of David Lewin
Perspectives on music
Essentials of conducting
Musical Thought in Ancient Greece
Nurtured by love : the classic approach to talent education
Towards a cosmic music
Understanding music : remarks on the relevance of theory
The rhythm of thought : art, literature, and music after Merleau-Ponty
Constructing urban space with sounds and music
Critique of pure music
"In mid-1990s South Africa, apartheid ended, Nelson Mandela was elected president, and the country's urban black youth developed kwaito&#x2014;a form of electronic music (redolent of North American house) that came to represent the post-struggle generation. In this book, Gavin Steingo examines kwaito as it has developed alongside the democratization of South Africa over the past two decades. Tracking the fall of South African hope into the disenchantment that often characterizes the outlook of its youth today - who face high unemployment, extreme inequality, and widespread crime&#x2014;Steingo looks to kwaito as a powerful tool that paradoxically engages South Africa&#x2019;s crucial social and political problems by, in fact, seeming to ignore them. Politicians and cultural critics have long criticized kwaito for failing to provide any meaningful contribution to a society that desperately needs direction. As Steingo shows, however, these criticisms are built on problematic assumptions about the political function of music. Interacting with kwaito artists and fans, he shows that youth aren&#x2019;t escaping their social condition through kwaito but rather using it to expand their sensory realities and generate new possibilities. Resisting the truism that "music is always political," Steingo elucidates a music that thrives on its its radically ambiguous relationship with politics, power, and the state"--Publisher's website.
Mystic rhythms : the philosophical vision of Rush
Music alone : philosophical reflections on the purely musical experience
Bridging experience, action, and culture in music education
Wagner and philosophy
Why do we value music? Many people report that listening to music is one of life's most rewarding activities. In Critique of pure music, James O. Young seeks to explain why this is so. Formalists tell us that music is appreciated as pure, contentless form. On this view, listeners receive pleasure, or a pleasurable 'musical' emotion, when they explore the abstract patterns found in music. Music, formalists believe, does not arouse ordinary emotions such as joy, melancholy or fear, nor can it represent emotion or provide psychological insight. Young holds that formalists are wrong on all counts. Drawing upon the latest psychological research, he argues that music is expressive of emotion by resembling human expressive behaviour. By resembling human expressive behaviour, music is able to arouse ordinary emotions in listeners. This, in turn, makes possible the representation of emotion by music. The representation of emotion in music gives music the capacity to provide psychological insight-into the emotional lives of composers, and the emotional lives of individuals from a variety of times and places. And it is this capacity of music to provide psychological insight which explains a good deal of the value of music, both vocal and purely instrumental. Without it, music could not be experienced as profound. Philosophers, psychologists, musicians, musicologists, and music lovers will all find something of interest in this book.
Identity and locality in early European music, 1028-1740
Sounding values : selected essays
Apparitions : new perspectives on Adorno and twentieth century music
Greatness in music
Defining music : an ethnomusicological and philosophical approach
Philosophy of new music
Adorno, modernism and mass culture : essays on critical theory and music
The aesthetic point of view : selected essays
Metaphors, counterfactuals and music
Abstract.
Takannessa: What is the relationship between music and time? How does musical rhythm express our social experience of time? In Groove: An Aesthetic of Measured Time, Mark Abel explains the rise to prominence in Western music of a new way of organising rhythm - groove. He provides a historical account of its emergence around the turn of the twentieth century, and analyses the musical components which make it work. Drawing on materialist interpretations of art and culture, Mark Abel engages with aesthetic arguments, challenging in particular Adorno's critique of popular music. He concludes that groove does not simply reflect the temporality of contemporary society, but, by incorporating abstract time into its very structure, is capable of effecting a critique of it"
The concept of music
Thinking about music : an introduction to the philosophy of music
Voicing the ineffable : musical representations of religious experience
"What is the relationship between music and time? How does musical rhythm express our social experience of time? In Groove: An Aesthetic of Measured Time, Mark Abel explains the rise to prominence in Western music of a new way of organising rhythm - groove. He provides a historical account of its emergence around the turn of the twentieth century, and analyses the musical components which make it work. Drawing on materialist interpretations of art and culture, Mark Abel engages with aesthetic arguments, challenging in particular Adorno's critique of popular music. He concludes that groove does not simply reflect the temporality of contemporary society, but, by incorporating abstract time into its very structure, is capable of effecting a critique of it"--Provided by publisher.
Musical aesthetics : a historical reader. Vol. 2, The nineteenth century
All music : essays on the hermeneutics of music
The idea of music in India and the Ancient West
The song of the soul : understanding Poppea
The Orpheus myth and the powers of music
Why music moves us
The Hallelujah effect : philosophical reflections on music, performance practice, and technology
Contexts of musicology. Vol. 2
The spheres of music : a gathering of essays
Szymanowski, eroticism and the voices of mythology
In "Studio-Based Instrumental Learning", Kim Burwell investigates the nature of lesson interactions in instrumental teaching and learning. Studio lesson activity is represented as a private interaction, dealing with skill acquisition and reflecting a tradition based in apprenticeship, as well as the personal attributes and intentions of participants. The varied and particular nature of such interaction does not always lend itself well to observation or - when observed - to easy interpretation. This presents particular problems for practitioners wishing to share aspects of professional knowledge, and for researchers seeking to explain the practice. Focusing on a single case study of two clarinet lessons, Burwell uses video observations and interviews to analyse collaborative lesson activity, through the 'rich transcription' of performance, verbal and nonverbal behaviours. The foregrounded lesson interactions are also contextualised by the background consideration of social, cultural and institutional frameworks. The research is aimed at helping to create a framework that can support reflection among practitioners as they continually develop their work, not only experientially - through the tradition of 'vertical transmission' from one musician to another - but collaboratively, through the 'horizontal' sharing of good practice.
Music, the arts, and ideas : patterns and predictions in twentieth-century culture
Rather than relegating philosophical inquiry to moot questions and abstract situations, the contributors to this volume address everyday concerns faced by music educators everywhere.
The anthropology of "semantic levels" in music
Into the maelstrom : music, improvisation and the dream of freedom : before 1970
Whose music? : a sociology of musical languages
Music inside out : going too far in musical essays : essays
The musical life : reflections on what it is and how to live it
Musical work and possible events
Of Mozart, parrots and cherry blossoms in the wind : a composer explores mysteries of the musical mind
Wittgenstein as philosophical tone-poet : philosophy and music in dialogue
Contemplating music : source readings in the aesthetics of music. Volume 4, Community of  discourse
On the musically beautiful : a contribution towards the revision of the aesthetics of music
Music and the historical imagination
Nonsequiturs : writings & lectures on improvisation, composition, and interpretation = Unlogische Folgerungen : Schriften und Vorträge zu Improvisation, Komposition und Interpretation
Music and decadence in European modernism : the case of Central and Eastern Europe
