http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p19392 Teko
Teko
Professional decision making in social work
Uncertainty in consumer decisions
Combining experts' ratings for partly overlapping concept lists : a feasibility test with cultural sustainability indicators
Going gray : the mediation of politics in an ageing society
Rumsfeld : his rise, fall, and catastrophic legacy
Deciding the public good : governance and civil society in Japan
Predictably irrational : the hidden forces that shape our decisions
Aviation Accidents – The Effect on  Travelling Choices
Planning algorithms
There is a long tradition in leadership research, of focusing attention on the great and successful leaders and, more recently, on issues of good governance. This study breaks new ground by looking systematically into the manifestations and causes of poor leadership and bad governance in some of the world's most powerful democracies. Focusing on the presidents and prime ministers of the G8 - the United States, Canada, the United Kingdom, France, Germany, Italy, Russia, and Japan - it explores the complex relationship between weak and ineffective leadership, undemocratic leadership techniques, and bad policies from a broad comparative perspective. What makes leaders weak or bad in different contexts? What are the consequences of their actions and behavior? And has there been any learning from negative experience? These questions are the center of this fascinating joint inquiry that involves a team of truly distinguished leadership scholars. This book will prove invaluable for scholars and students of leadership, political science, contemporary history, and related academic disciplines. Readers with a general interest in public affairs and political history will also find plenty to interest them.
The role of presidential advisory systems in US foreign policy-making : the case of the National Security Council and Vietnam, 1953-1961
Communication in forest policy decision-making in Europe : a study on communication processes between policy, science and the public
Biodiversity and poverty : ten frequently asked questions - ten policy implications
Does the size of the legislature affect the size of government? : evidence from two natural experiments
Thinking and doing : the philosophical foundations of institutions
The planet Kerenza is attacked, and Kady and Ezra find themselves on a space fleet fleeing the enemy, while their ship's artificial intelligence system and a deadly plague may be the end of them all -
Multicriteria decision aid and artificial intelligence
Analytical philosophy of action
Water quality development of the artificial lakes Lokka and Porttipahta in finnish Lappland
When the space station Heimdall is invaded, Hannah and Nik must work together to defeat the enemy. --
Prediction of one repetition maximum in weight lifting with multilinear regression model
Russia, America and the Islamic world
Decision Theatre in decision making and urban planning : case: Decision Theatre for Niemi Campus
Ethical decision making process in euthanasia and physician assisted suicide from nurses' perspective
Memory-saving optimization algorithms for systems with limited hardware
Action theory : proceedings of the Winnipeg Conference on Human Action, held at Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada, 9-11 May 1975
Tort in a nutshell
Analyzing influences : research on decision making and the music education curriculum
Use of bioactive glasses as porous implant surface inlays, a laser-deposited coating and peri-implant bone graft extender
Decision-making process of internationalization : Canadian water heater markets
Optimal information management : organizations versus markets
Silently and very fast
This book offers a self-contained introduction to the theory and applications of Bayesian Networks. Bayesian networks are a topic of interest and importance for statisticians, computer scientists and those involved in modelling and the learning of complex data sets. The material included in this introductory guide has been extensively tested in classroom teaching and assumes a basic knowledge of probability and statistics course and basic mathematics. All notions are explained carefully with an extensive set of exercises throughout the book as well as computer exercises. A solutions manual is also provided online.
Fuzzy multicriteria decision-making : models, methods and applications
Bayesian networks : an introduction
How students' voice can be heard in the Finnish context : the case of primary, lower secondary and upper secondary schools in Jyväskylä
Reason and action
Intelligent methods in the electronics industry : quality analysis of automated soldering
Automated planning : theory and practice
Key themes and priorities for governance and capacity building in the Asian and Pacific Region
A common European law of torts
An analysis of North Korea's satellite
Subjective assessment of choice difficulty and uncertainty in choice experiments : who learns and what do they learn?
Take off the heater : utility effect and food environment effect in food consumption decisions
Intending and acting : toward a naturalized action theory
Law, truth and reason : a treatise on legal argumentation
International encyclopedia of comparative law : under the auspices of the International Association of Legal Science. Volume 4, Chapter 9-10, Persons and family : Intra-family torts : The Family in post-socialist countries
Planning algorithms are impacting technical disciplines and industries around the world, including robotics, computer-aided design, manufacturing, computer graphics, aerospace applications, drug design, and protein folding. This coherent and comprehensive book unifies material from several sources, including robotics, control theory, artificial intelligence, and algorithms. The treatment is centered on robot motion planning, but integrates material on planning in discrete spaces. A major part of the book is devoted to planning under uncertainty, including decision theory, Markov decision processes, and information spaces, which are the 'configuration spaces' of all sensor-based planning problems. The last part of the book delves into planning under differential constraints that arise when automating the motions of virtually any mechanical system. This text and reference is intended for students, engineers, and researchers in robotics, artificial intelligence, and control theory as well as computer graphics, algorithms, and computational biology.
African responses to HIV/AIDS : between speech and action
Addressing human-induced uncertainty in fisheries management : social scientific and interdisciplinary solutions using Bayesian belief networks
The red : first light
Building the artificial neural network environment : Artificial Neural Networks in plane control
Japan and the European union : domestic politics and transnational relations
Understanding the framing of issues in multi-actor arenas : power relations in the human rights debate
Acts and other events
Children’s Influence on Family Vacation Decision-Making
Perceived usefulness of business intelligence system in decision making process
Communication, information-transfer and role-shift in a challenging public safety & security field operation
Short-run timber supply under uncertainty and welfare gains from perfect competition
Divine action and modern science
Alternative action theory : simultaneously a critique of Georg Henrik von Wright's practical philosophy
On conditions of decision making : a study of the conceptual foundations of administration
A comparative introduction to the German law of torts
Situation awareness in clinical decision support system : case trauma team
Decision as heresy
Managerial accounting : a decision making and performance management
Presents recent advances in both models and systems for intelligent decision making. Organisations often face complex decisions requiring the assessment of large amounts of data. In recent years Multicriteria Decision Aid (MCDA) and Artificial Intelligence (AI) techniques have been applied with considerable success to support decision making in a wide range of complex real-world problems. The integration of MCDA and AI provides new capabilities relating to the structuring of complex decision problems in static and distributed environments. These include the handling of massive data sets, the modelling of ill-structured information, the construction of advanced decision models, and the development of efficient computational optimization algorithms for problem solving. This book covers a rich set of topics, including intelligent decision support technologies, data mining models for decision making, evidential reasoning, evolutionary multiobjective optimization, fuzzy modelling, as well as applications in management and engineering. Multicriteria Decision Aid and Artificial Intelligence : Covers all of the recent advances in intelligent decision making. Includes a presentation of hybrid models and algorithms for preference modelling and optimisation problems. Provides illustrations of new intelligent technologies and architectures for decision making in static and distributed environments. Explores the general topics on preference modelling and learning, along with the coverage of the main techniques and methodologies and applications. Is written by experts in the field. This book provides an excellent reference tool for the increasing number of researchers and practitioners interested in the integration of MCDA and AI for the development of effective hybrid decision support methodologies and systems. Academics and post-graduate students in the fields of operational research, artificial intelligence and management science or decision analysis will also find this book beneficial.
Washington rules : America's path to permanent war
Artificial neural network analysis of heart rate under cognitive load in a flight simulator
Global leadership challenges - and possibilities for tackling them
Perception, emotion and action : a component approach
Shaping abortion discourse : democracy and the public sphere in Germany and the United States
Stochastic dynamic optimization models in the banking sector
An experimental investigation : do animated graphs improve the quality of sales forecasting decisions in comparison to tables?
The photographer's website manual : how to build and run a photographic website
Viability of artificial neural networks in mobile healthcare
Case study of why information security investment fail?
Politics, memory and public opinion : the history textbook controversy and Japanese society
The world as active power : studies in the history of European reason
The effect of waiting time on health outcomes and costs of total joint replacement in hip and knee patients : a prospective randomized controlled trial
Usability monitoring : extending quality of service monitoring for decision making
GroupWare and group decision support systems for wood procurement organisation : a review
Vietnamese Students' Decision Making Process on Choosing a Study Destination and Its Marketing Implications
Deconstructing “common sense”  : Normative ethics and decision-making  by sign language interpreters
On the use of a non-singular linear transformation of variables data envelopment analysis
Cognitive barriers to external resource management : top management perspective
Agency without actors? : new approaches to collective action
The idea of private law
Philosophical perspectives. 3, Philosophy of mind and action theory
Supplier selection process : criteria and methods case study analysis in ALMACO Group : an example of shipbuilding industry
Philosophical papers. Vol. 1, Practical reason
The NAO robot as a Personal Assistant
Behavioural Finance Theories Effecting on Individual Investor's Decision-Making
Discourses and decision making : a case study of a relocating town
Buying processes of language and communication training : case: Language Centre of Turku University of Applied Sciences
New essays on the explanation of action
Think like a freak : the authors of Freakonomics offer to retrain your brain
A theory of reasons for action
"Agency without Actors? New Approaches to collective Action is rethinking a key issue in social theory and research: the question of agency. The history of sociological thought is deeply intertwined with the discourse of human agency as an effect of social relations. In most recent discussions the role of non-humans gains a substantial impact. Consequently the book asks: Are nonhumans active, do they have agency? And if so: how and in what different ways? The volume offers a critical state-of-the-art debate of internationally and nationally leading scholars within Sociology, Social Anthropology and STS on agency (Latour, Law, Michael, Rammert etc.). It fosters the productive exchange of empirical settings and theoretical views by outlining a wide range of novel accounts that link human and non-human agency. It tries to understand social-technical, political and environmental networks as different forms of agency that produce discrete and identifiable entities like humans, animals, technical artifacts. It also asks how different types of (often conflicting) agency and agents actors are distinguished in practice, how they are maintained and how they interfere with each other"--
Survey on the use of climate scenarios and climate change research information in decision making in Finland, Sweden, and Norway : report for the project Climate change adaptation in Norway, Sweden, and Finland - do research, policy and practice meet? (CARePol) : report on results of questionnaire 2: Decision makers
Finnish summary.
On action
Souvenirs in Tampere : Factors Behind International Tourists' Decision Making
Knifemaking : A Complete guide to crafting knives, handles & sheaths
Hip and knee replacement implants : information package for nurses : Hoitonetti
Solving classification problems with multicriteria decision aiding approaches
Design and consumer decision making : "What are the most important factors that affect consumers to make decisions in design market with respect to economic and consumer psychology studies"
Threats concerning the usability of satellite communications in cyberwarfare environment
Ethical decision-making and moral distress in nursing practice : a literature review
Actions, norms, values : discussions with Georg Henrik von Wright
Public partcipation and oil exploitation in Uganda
Elicitation of expert opinions for uncertainty and risks
Local decision making. II
Business intelligence in decision making in Finnish enterprises
Vn : the first machine dynasty
Where product design meets investor behavior : how do individual investors' evaluations of companies' product design influence their investment decisions?
Studies on decision making under risk in the context of gambling markets
Impact of word-of-mouth on consumer decision-making : an information processing perspective in the context of a high-involvement service
The state of Business Intelligence : in Finnish enterprises
Outranking methods as tools in strategic natural resources planning
The limits of liability : keeping the floodgates shut
Modelling cutting states in rough turning of 34CrNiMo6 steel
iD : the second machine dynasty
Assessing the resource usage decisions and financial performance in Finnish sawmills within the resource-based view framework
Controlling uncertainty : decision making and learning in complex worlds
Neural Network Programming : With the incorporation of a genetic evolution algorithm
Against the gods : the remarkable story of risk
Bone quality and mesenchymal stromal cell capacity in total hip replacement : significance for stem osseointegration measured by radiostereometric analysis
Poor leadership and bad governance
Abstract: Launching and marketing a mobile game : strategy and consumer perceptions. As indicated by the title, the focus of this thesis is on both launching and marketing a mobile game. It aims to understand the consumer and its perceptions, the optimal marketing mix, and the most efficient way of launching a mobile game. All of this is applied in a real world setting, using the up-and-coming mobile gaming company Boomlagoon as an example. The marketing mix, consumer decision making process, lean startup method, and chasm are all concepts which are taken into consideration throughout the thesis. They act as the basis for methodology. Both in-depth interviews and a questionnaire are used to collect data. The research conducted is limited by sample size, due to the lack of resources available to the thesis author. In an optimal setting, the methodology applied in this thesis would contain more participants and research methods, in order to cross reference data and gain more depth to the information inferred. Overall, the results indicate that Boomlagoon is on the right track. However, applying the theories and concepts reviewed throughout the thesis, while not guaranteeing success, should at least aid the company in understanding their consumer, developing marketing efforts, and effectively launching their product.
Modelling machine emotions for realizing intelligence : foundations and applications
Decision making based on data analysis methods
Decision making and decision communication in an engineer based organization
How to transmit artificial information in peripheral nerves without disturbing their natural information flow
Digital tools : a new way to interact with the world
Act and crime : the philosophy of action and its implications for criminal law
Developed countries throughout the world are experiencing population ageing and the new challenges that arise from this change in the national demographic. The phenomenon of an ageing population has necessitated policy reform regarding the role of the state in providing income in retirement and the whole wider social meaning of later life. The politics of ageing have become a key issue for young and old voters alike as well as those who seek to represent them. Politicians carefully consider strategies for developing relationships with older voters in the context of both policy decisions and campaigns as issues that directly affect an ageing population often prove crucial in local and national election campaigns. "Going Grey" provides insight into how ageing and the increased proportion of older voters is being framed by the media. It investigates emerging discourses on the topic founded on economic pessimism and predictions of inter-generational conflict. By bringing together political communication and media discourses and placing them within the wider context of an ageist society this unique contribution demands us to re-think how the media portray and frame later life and examines the strategic electoral dilemmas facing political parties today. It provides an original and timely resource for scholars, students and general readers interested in understanding more about the mediation of, and the strategic campaign responses to, rapidly ageing populations.
Approximation method for computationally expensive nonconvex multiobjective optimization problems
Launching and marketing a mobile game : strategy and consumer perceptions
Representing the epistemic nature of teachers' practical knowledge : the case of class teachers' general pedagogy
Securing Southeast Asia : the politics of security sector reform
The role of big data in Finnish companies and the implications of big data on management accounting
Automated planning technology now plays a significant role in a variety of demanding applications, ranging from controlling space vehicles and robots to playing the game of bridge. These real-world applications create new opportunities for synergy between theory and practice: observing what works well in practice leads to better theories of planning, and better theories lead to better performance of practical applications. "Automated Planning" mirrors this dialogue by offering a comprehensive, up-to-date resource on both the theory and practice of automated planning. The book goes well beyond classical planning, to include temporal planning, resource scheduling, planning under uncertainty, and modern techniques for plan generation, such as task decomposition, propositional satisfiability, constraint satisfaction, and model checking. The authors combine over 30 years experience in planning research and development to offer an invaluable text to researchers, professionals, and graduate students. It comprehensively explains paradigms for automated planning. It provides a thorough understanding of theory and planning practice, and how they relate to each other. It presents case studies of applications in space, robotics, CAD/CAM, process control, emergency operations, and games. It provides a thorough understanding of AI planning theory and practice, and how they relate to each other. It covers all the contemporary topics of planning, as well as important practical applications of planning, such as model checking and game playing. It provides lecture notes, examples of programming assignments, pointers to downloadable planning systems and related information online.
Launching and Marketing a Mobile Game : Strategy and Consumer Perceptions
Sequential decision making under uncertainty for sensor management in mobile robotics
Value-in-exchange or expected value-in-use
Strategy tools and strategy toys : management tools in strategy work
