http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p19309 model railroads
model railroads
Basic model railroad track plans : small starter layouts you can build
PSL complete guide to model railways
Scenery for model railroads, dioramas & miniatures
Collecting toy trains
PSL model railway guide. 2, Layout planning
A beginner's guide to model steam locomotives
Wiring your toy train layout
Model railways : a complete guide to the hobby
Scratch-building model railway locomotives
The all-colour directory of metal toys : a pictorial guide to the art of collecting international playthings
The world of the model trains
Steam locomotives : Realistic railway modelling
Model railway : layout, construction and design techniques
101 track plans for model railroaders
Fleischmann : the model railway for experts. 1999/2000, HO
PSL model railway guide. 3, Structure modelling
The collector's all-colour guide to toy trains : an international survey of trains and railway accessories, from 1880 to the present day
The collector's all colour guide to toy train
The model railway manual : a step-by-step guide to building a layout
The encyclopedia of modelmaking techniques
Model trains : the collector's guide
EARLY TIN PLATE MODEL RAILWAYS
Track planning for realistic opeation : prototype railroad concepts for your model railroad
101 classic toy trains : best of the postwar years
First steps in railway modelling
Mountain to desert : building the HO scale Daneville & Donner River
PSL model railway guide. 5, Operating your layout
Model railway planning and design handbook
The world of model trains
Trains : railways, tunnels, signals, diesel, steam : with 10 easy-to-do experiments and 230 exciting pictures
Railway modelling
PSL model railway guide. 8, Narrow-gauge railways
The Hornby book of model railways
Model railways : The complete guide to designing, building and operating a model railway
Covers everything from the 'iron horses' of the Wild West and Stephenson's Rocket to the luxurious Orient Express and today's high-speed vehicles. In this book, step-by-step projects look at the technology behind trains - learn about forces and motion, build a bridge, construct a tunnel, and even make your own model locomotive and railway track.
PSL model railway guide. 6, Branch line railways
Toy trains : A history
A guide to metal toys
The HO model railroading handbook
Basic model railroading : Getting started in the hobby
PSL model railway guide. 4, Scenery
PSL model railway guide. 7, Modern railways
Model & Miniature Railways
Getting started in garden railroading : buildd the railroad of your dreams... in your own backyard
Robert Grainer is a day labourer in the American West at the start of the twentieth century-an ordinary man in extraordinary times. Shipped by train in 1893 unto the woods of the Idaho panhandle, he grows up, works on logging gangs, falls in love, and loses his wife and baby daughter to a particularly pernicious wildfire. Derailed by the loss of his family, Grainer struggles to make sense of this strange new world. As his story unfolds, we witness both his shocking personal defeats and the radical changes that transform America in his lifetime. Suffused with the history and landscapes of the American West Train Dreams captures the disappearance of a distinctly American way of life.
The ho model railroading handbook
John armstrong on creative layout design
Toy trains : 1920 to 1940
Model railroading handbook
The large-scale model railroading handbook
PSL model railway guide. 1, Baseboards, track and electrification
The model railway design manual : how to plan and build a successful layout
Railway modelling realism : an aspirational guide
Railway modelling : the realistic way
HOW TO GO RAILWAY MODELLING
First steps in railway modelling : the Bachmann way
Train dreams
Next steps in railway modelling
Model railways : the complete guide to designing, building and operating a model railway
A railway modeller's picture library : [a sourcebook of prototype material]
