http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p19352 resources
resources
ITIL V3 Foundation complete certification kit : study book and eLearning program
Effects of resource distribution on animal-plant interactions
Ecological versatility and community ecology
IEEE standards : software engineering, 1999 edition : volume four : resource and technique standards
Modern ERP : select, implement & use today's advanced business systems
Our living earth : a next generation guide to people and preservation
Resource economics in a macroeconomic perspective : five essays on stochastic methods
This Discussion Paper critically examines local governance in the Niger Delta and its relevance to the search for inclusive and sustainable conflict-resolution in the oil-rich Niger Delta region of Nigeria. It critiques the existing local government system and explores the possibility of reconceptualising local governance along more inclusive, accountable and participatory lines that would institutionalise democracy, development and peace at the grassroots or community level in the troubled oil-rich region. Its originality lies in its departure from top-down perspectives, and its refocusing of attention on the oft-neglected local sites of conflict and under development. The paper will appeal to scholars, policy actors and development planners with a particular interest in developments at the African grassroots level.
Agricola : Family Edition
Employee Motivation and Performance
Advances in collection development and resource management. Vol. 1
Resource revolution : how to capture the biggest business opportunity in a century
Hotel developments do not possess such a large scale of familiarity within the Finnish hospitality business. There might be interests for the matter by small hospitality developers and entrepreneurs, but the required large amount of capital, involved high risks, and existing major hotel developers and operators that are dominating Finnish hotel markets are restricting and diminishing the opportunities for new hotel developments. As a result, there is no demand for hotel feasibility studies that are exploring the market, financial and investment feasibility of the hotel development. Consequently, feasibility studies have not become familiar within the hospitality business. Neither has even a pre- feasibility study that represents the curtailed version of the feasibility study.    The primary objective of this study is to investigate the financial and investment feasibility of a hotel development for Rutumi Manor. Primary objective derive from the reason that the hotel development is not planned to be executed in near future and therefore in depth market analysis would not be necessary yet, rather the amount of investment required. The secondary objective is to superficially explore the local market feasibility for Rutumi Manor hotel development. There is a proposed property where the hotel development is planned to take place. Rutumi Manor is a conference and events company in Lapinjärvi, which has been operating since 2001. Rutumi Manor organizes all the functions at their own completely renovated premises, which has history of over 200 years.    Thesis is a product- based thesis combined with a short quantitative research on competitors' performance. Thesis starts with the theoretical framework that includes clarification of the hotel development concept and the feasibility study concept. Theoretical framework is followed by the process of the project, Rutumi Manor pre- feasibility study for hotel development. Lastly, the Rutumi Manor pre- feasibility study for hotel development project is introduced with necessary calculation tables.    The primary objective of the study was achieved with positive and negative financial and investment feasibility results. Also, the secondary objective, curtailed market analysis, was achieved with positive results of the potential market demand. In addition, developed excel tables will enable the update of the financial and investment calculations, when the Rutumi Manor hotel development will be executed.
Staff turnover : reasons, measurement and management in Finland's capital region Scandic Hotels in 2002
In search of the interrelatedness of innovation and internationalisation processes in entrepreneurial life science companies
The ITIL V3 manager's bridge certificate in IT service management : a guide for exam candidates
Protecting future generations through commons
Orchestration of external resources
Communication networks are experiencing a significant growth of data traffic posing new challenges to the overall systems that should become more reactive and adaptive towards dynamically changing traffic, connections and network conditions. This thesis examines adaptive traffic management solutions within heterogeneous communication networks, which can be utilized to improve network performance, provide Quality of Service (QoS) for traffic paths and share resources in a fair way. The developed adaptive methods include solutions for fuzzy flow scheduling (AWFQ, FWQ) and regressive admission control (REAC) to provide stable network performance and efficient resource control. Such techniques for adaptive traffic management continuously balance and control traffic usage and recover from network faults and attacks. The results utilize traffic monitoring for estimating the overall network conditions, applying cognition to learn from previous actions, and adapting to the current traffic conditions for resource optimization. The thesis researches how to distribute these computing mechanisms towards network edges closer to the actual application users for more efficient resource usage, and to provide better performance for delay-sensitive applications. The methods developed have been applied to vehicular communications to assess and improve the messaging between vehicles and vulnerable road users (VRUs). These mechanisms are able to react faster to data traffic changes and guarantee better quality for prioritized traffic and users while at the same time they preserve fairness to other flows compared to traditional control and scheduling methods without adaptive characteristics. The overall system reacts to changes in the network QoS by determining decision-making procedures on possible flow rejection, marking, or allowed bandwidth weight assignment, thus bringing cognition to the network path.
ERP & data warehousing in organizations : issues and challenges
Managing the clinical resource : an action-guide for health care professionals
Explanations of effects of resource uncertainty in social dilemmas
Operationalising the value of SME network resources
Help desk, service desk best practice handbook : building, running and managing effective support : ready to use supporting documents bringing ITIL theory into practice
E-learning methodologies and computer applications in archaeology
EPC 2006 : European Productivity Conference, Finland 30 August - 1 September 2006 : scientific proceedings
The significance of perceived development opportunities in the context of retention : comparing ageing and younger nurses
Effective IT service management: to ITIL and beyond!
Supply chain adaptation of Finnish companies in Chinese institutional environment
Sacred economics : money, gift, & society in the age of transition
The limits of democratization : climate, intelligence, and resource distribution
Building an ITIL-based Service Management department
Agricola : All creatures big and small
"This book presents innovative instructional approaches for archaeological e-learning based on networked technologies, providing researchers, scholars, and professionals a comprehensive global perspective on the resources, development, application, and implications of information communication technology in multimedia-based educational products and services in archaeology"--Provided by publisher.
Cram101 textbook outlines to accompany: Foundations of IT service management based on ITIL V3
CGIAR priorities and strategies for resource allocation during 1998-2000 and centre proposals and TAC recommendations
Smart money : using educational resources to accomplish ambitious learning goals
Iterative detection, decoding, and channel estimation in MIMO-OFDM
International new ventures : the influence of resources and substantive capabilities on growth stages and survival
Resource physiology of conifers : acquisition, allocation and utilization
Risk and society : the interaction of science, technology and public policy
Economics of development
Cry Havoc
Routine implant removal after fracture surgery : a potentially reducible consumer of hospital resources in trauma units
Coping with resource scarcity : case studies from Tanzania and the Sudan
The moon : resources, future development and settlement
Eclipse : New dawn for the galaxy
Grassland resource assessment for pastoral systems
On the mechanisms of social inequality : studies of young people's educational outcomes, social participation and well-being
Small budget music event production process  : case: Rock n’ Flow, NPITA Club
Building NeuroSearch - intelligent evolutionary search algorithm for Peer-to-Peer environment
Semantic interoperability framework for smart spaces
ISNAR agricultural research indicator series : a global data base on national agricultural research systems
The ethics of health care : a guide for clinical practice
ITIL V3 Foundation complete certification kit : study guide
Developing a consolidated management view by integrating financial, operational and clinical data
Planning of Human Resource Processes : Recruiting and Introduction
Personality, well-being and job resources : from negative paradigm towards positive psychology
Efficient super-peer-based coordinated service provision
Guidelines for college libraries : recommendations for performance and resourcing
Growth limitation of trees and carbon balance of the vegetation in the treeline zone in north eastern Lapland
People, international projects and public administration : interpreting the international human resource management frame
"Education finance has emerged as one of the most pressing public policy issues of the new century. Americans spend more than $500 billion a year on elementary and secondary education, yet neither policy makers nor practitioners seem to know how to align these resources with student learning goals. In fact, spending increases have outstripped achievement gains." "This ambitious volume poses four critical questions:" "What 'obstacles prevent today's education finance systems and resource allocation strategies from supporting student success?" "What design principles can help link resources to student learning?" "What funding mechanisms are consistent with these principles?" "What conditions are necessary to support effective resource policies and practices?" "Drawing on the work of the School Finance Redesign Project at the University of Washington's Center on Reinventing Public Education, Smart Money brings together research on education finance policy and the uses of school and district resources, providing a uniquely comprehensive analysis of school finance systems. It also sets forth an agenda for developing and supporting successful strategies for school finance and resource use at the federal, state, district, and school levels." ""Adams and his coauthors do not shy away from the difficulties involved in reforming school finance. They acknowledge the challenges that must be addressed m creating political conditions to support new finance systems and call for an aggressive research and development agenda to guide the process of change with good evidence about what works to improve student learning."-Janet Hansen, vice president and director of education studies, Committee for Economic Development" ""Smart Money is an unprecedented book that tackles head-on the need to redesign and reorient school funding systems toward student learning and more strategic resource use. These thoughtful and informative analyses are especially timely as educators, policy makers, and the public strive to raise academic standards for all students in difficult economic conditions."-Margaret Goertz, professor of education, University of Pennsylvania" ""Written by the leading scholars and policy analysts in the field, this volume is laden with smart ideas for making our educational financing system a catalyst for experimentation, innovation, and improved student performance."-Martin Orland, director of evaluation and policy research, WestEd" ""This analysis by some of the wisest people in the school finance world, with Jacob Adams's masterful introduction, should be required reading for the architects of the next reform wave."-Robert F. Sexton, executive director, Prichard Committee for Academic Excellence"--BOOK JACKET.
Business in action
School resources and student achievement revisited : new evidence using panel data : Häkkinen, Iida, Kirjavainen, Tanja, Uusitalo, Roope
Resource allocation and performance analysis problems in optical networks
Strategic human resource development in SMEs : the identification of key employees and their discourses on human resource development
Human capital management : achieving added value through people
Pragmatic application of service management : The five anchor approach
Reconceptualising democratic local governance in the Niger Delta
It futures : current forecasting literature says about the social impact of information technology
OECD reviews of school resources : Uruguay 2016
Seeking competitive advantage : implications of clustering in the context of entrepreneurship : a case study of early stages of business agglomeration
Metacomputing technologies at the Center for Scientific Computing in Finland
Taking Advantages of China's Increasing Demand for Recycled Resources : Case Company: Ni-Met Resources Inc.
African friends and money matters : observations from Africa
Development of metacomputing technology
Strategic human resource management : a guide to action
Resource-management after family business succession : viewing firm resources through unified systems perspective
From resource allocation to strategy
Exploring corporate strategy : text and cases
ERPS based multi-plant purchasing implementation possibilities for R & D environment
Local facility and human resource management in sports : a comparative case study of the situation in Jyväskylä/Finland and Umeå/Sweden
Archipelago
The major asset of a hospitality company is its staff. Companies want to hold on to their good employees. Staff turnover is the movement of people out of the company. The thesis aims to find how the managers view staff turnover today, how organisations calculate staff turnover, measure it and manage staff turnover. Furthermore, the thesis aims to find what costs staff turnover causes for the company. The thesis consists of theoretical background about human resource management and staff turnover. The empirical part was done with a questionnaire based on the theoretical part. Ten managers in Finland's capital region's Scandic hotels were interviewed in January 2002. The interview was done in the hotel the manager was working in and each manager was in control of his department's human resource management. The major findings of the study were that human resource management is highly valued in among the respondents. The major reasons for staff turnover among employees were lack of advancement opportunities, inadequate pay and leaving to continue education. Staff turnover was seen to cause costs in training, lower service level and customer satisfaction. On the other hand, staff turnover was seen to bring new ideas to the company. Staff turnover is managed with normal human resource management methods, with the most important being career planning, performance appraisal, competitive wages and employee training.
Stone age
Internal resources and international entry strategies : The serviced apartment context
Radio resource management for cellular networks enhanced by inter-user communication
Agricultural and environmental resource economics
Human resource accounting in Finnish enterprises : a national report for OECD
Adaptive traffic management in heterogeneous communication networks
Toward Continual Development with ERP : Case BillerudKorsnäs Finland Oy
Efficient use of computer resources at the Center for Scientific Computing (CSC), Finland
Allocation of water resources in power production
Agricola : Farmers of the moor
Large-scale biomedical science : exploring strategies for future research
Nursing and human rights
Rutumi Manor pre-feasibility study for hotel development
The Nebula valley has just emerged from a dark era, when for centuries, monstrous creatures inhabited the mists. It is now time for guilds of brave explorers to travel through the foggy pathways, exploit the resources and build new buildings and towns on the ruins of the devastated cities. Nebula will restore its peace and prosperity, and you are to become the heroes of the valley!
Planning of human resource processes
Adoption of Enterprise Resource planning system in an organization
Report of the third session of the Scientific Committee : Maputo, Mozambique, 16-19 September 2008 = Rapport de la troisième session de Comité scientifique : Maputo, Mozambique, 16-19 Septembre 2008.
Development of creative industries in China : the case of Shenyang International Creative Valley
Race for the galaxy
Demand and capacity forecasting tool : case Cargotec Finland RTG product line
Summary.
Role of the old and new institutional framework in combating the resource curse in Kazakhstan
Capacity planning and performance modeling : from mainframes to client-server systems
Information resources management : concept and cases
Conservation enterprise : what works, where and for whom?
Natural resource use and global change : new interdisciplinary perspectives in social ecology
Human resource accounting : interests and conflicts : a discussion paper
Effective schools in reading : implications for educational planners : an exploratory study
Entrepreneurship and family ownership - co-creating sustainable wealth
Managing services in the cloud : cloud computing certification kit
Think like a commoner : a short introduction to the life of the commons
Principles and practice of strategic management in universities / Volume 1. Principles
Human resource allocation in a multiple project environment
Tourism in New Zealand : an introduction
Strategic management of resources for international business operations in small consulting firms : people, processes and tools in managing international operations
Invisible costs in information system service delivery with offshore resources
The role of dynamic capabilities in the internationalization of medium sized Finnish manufacturing firms : a case for Sormat Oy
The allocation of scarce resources : experimental economics and the problem of allocating airport slots
Health care resource management : present and future challenger
Coordination and adaptation techniques for efficient resource utilization in cognitive radio networks
An introduction to business information management
The Good Manager's Guide : over 130 practical checklist for day-to-day management
Green paper on innovation
Leading schools in an era of declining resources
The role of art and craft in Namibian primary schools
Crisis and renewal in one Finnish private school
My effectual journey as a jewellery designer
Externally determined resources and the effectiveness of research units
Scramble for resources or orderly development : what is happening in the Arctic?
"Every day, school leaders across the country are having to make difficult decisions in this economically demanding environment. If you are a leader facing this challenge in your own school or district, this is the book you need! Experienced educators Johnston and Williamson offer practical advice to help you tackle a variety of tough issues, including staff reductions and program termination. You'll learn how to: Wring every bit of performance out of every available dollarPlan innovations and evaluate their effectivenessEngage faculty and the communityStreamline operations using digital technology and social mediaUse four strategies--reduce, refine, restructure, and regenerate--to make your school more efficient and effectiveEach chapter is filled with tips, tools, exercises, and mini-cases to help you apply these ideas to your own situation. You'll gain the confidence and knowledge to manage your budget while ensuring your students get the full benefit of a quality education. "--
Eliminating "us and them" : using IT governance, process, and behavioral management to make IT and the business "one"
Lewis & Clark : the expedition
Making space : managing resources for leisure and tourism
Resource allocation in uplink coordinated multicell MIMO-OFDM systems with 3D channel models
Job Resources and Work Engagement: Optimism as Moderator Among Finnish Managers
Cry havoc is an asymmetric, card driven area control game for 2-4 players. Each player controls one of the four unique species and fights viciously to gather the most resources on the planet. Players customize their decks of cards, build powerful structures, and leverage their unique Skills to emerge victorious.
Persistence of underdevelopment : does the type of natural resource endowment matter?
The Perfect Project Manager
Critical Success Factors for ERP Adoption Process
Geospatial information technology for emergency response
Staying well in an unstable world of work : prospective cohort study of the determinants of employee well-being
Human capital, R&D and economic growth
The effect of prey resources on evolutionary and ecological dynamics of prey (Serratia marcescens) and predator (Tetrahymena thermophila)
Entrepreneurship, universities & resources : frontiers in european entrepreneurship research
Handbook of education politics and policy
OECD reviews of school resources : Denmark
New technogogies for teaching and learning : restructuring the university : guidance to universities on strategy = Les nouvelles technologies dans l'enseignement et l'apprentissage : restructurer l'université : pistes stratégiques pour l'université
Multi-user resource-sharing problem for the Internet
Spending on conservation of plant genetic resources for food and agriculture : how much and how efficient?
The aim of this thesis was to create accurate man hour forecasting tool for one of the product lines of a large cargo handling company called Cargotec Finaland Oy. The case company hasn't had any long term forecasting previously for the department and it has fallen into project management problems as a result. The thesis goes through these problems that arise from lack of forecasting, theory of resource management and it explains step by step how the tool was created.
Animal production and animal science worldwide
A psychology of human strengths : fundamental questions and future directions for a positive psychology
AEZWIN : an interactive multiple-criteria analysis tool for land resources appraisal
Abstract (1 s.). Summary (2 s.).
Assessing the resource usage decisions and financial performance in Finnish sawmills within the resource-based view framework
Trading online : a step-by-step guide to cyberprofits
Portfolio resource allocation in customer value delivery projects : dynamic capability and organizational learning perspective
ICT cluster study Helsinki region
Stabilization and uncertain resources
Lightweight data and knowledge exchange for pervasive environments
Distributing health : the allocation of resources by an international agency
More from less, material resource efficiency in Europe material resource efficiency in Europe : 2015 overview of policies, instruments and targets in 32 countries
Executing strategy : expert solutions to everyday challenges
Human resources management : principles and practice
Exploring the practice of human resource development in Finnish municipality organization : case of Vaasa City organization
Understanding and measuring social entrepreneurship
Steps for Developing a Professional Career Homepage for Winning  Most Suitable Employees for RPC
Resource management in academic libraries
Human resource management excelence model : self-assessment work book : 16 good questions and contrasting pairs of examples
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
DEVELOPMENT OF CREATIVE INDUSTRIES IN CHINA : The case of Shenyang International Creative Valley
Justice in allocating health care resources
The political potential of migrants is often overlooked in discussions around integration
Resource utilization in the treatment of open angle glaucoma in Finland: an 11-year retrospective analysis
Work demands and resources, stress regulation and quality of pedagogical work among professionals in Finnish early childhood education setting
"Building on recent developments in social ecology, this book advances a new critical theory of society and nature, exploring social metabolism and global resource flows in contemporary society. Charting the historical development of social ecology in the context of environmental research, the book examines the interactions between society and nature and identifies both the barriers to global sustainability and the conditions and best practice for transforming industrial economies towards new sustainable resource use."
Cooperative interference and radio resource management in self-organizing small cell networks
Allocating health care resources
Optimization techniques for radio resource management in wireless communication networks
The third world : diversity, change and interdependence
The effects of fragmented microhabitat and resource distribution on behaviour and survival of the bank vole (Myodes glareolus)
Generalist social work practice : an empowering approach
Resource sharing book : structure, finances and activities. 1997
