http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p19399 metaphilosophy
metaphilosophy
al-Kindī's metaphysics : a translation of Ya qūb ibn Ishāq al-Kindī's treatise "On first philosophy" (fī al-Falsafah al-Ūlā)
Philosophical knowledge : its possibility and scope
Hume's scepticism and realism : his two profound arguments against the senses in an enquiry concerning human understanding
A world of states of affairs
Dewey's metaphysics
Playful approaches to serious problems : narrative therapy with children and their families
Óðsmál : mankind's favourite topic fascinating Being in an earnest discussion between Óður, the Norse god, Freyja's beloved husband nowhere to be found and the little Völva, a human being, a wise, veracious, old, Icelandic woman
On metaphilosophical implications of quinean naturalism
Oxford studies in metaphysics
The challenge of philosophy
Towards the definition of philosophy : with a transcript of the lecture course "On the nature of the university and academic study"
What are philosophical systems?
The ecological self
Problems of the proposition : philosophical terminology as a source of confusion
Routledge philosophy guidebook to Aristotle and the Metaphysics
Experimental philosophy. Volume 2
Transformative philosophy : Socrates, Wittgenstein, and the democratic spirit of philosophy
The metaphysics. [I] : Books I-IX
The balance of meaning : exploring the possibility of a recognition-transcendent meaning of religious and existentially important terms
The challenge of philosophy : beyond contemplation and critical theory
The age of planetary space : on Heidegger, being, and metaphysics of globalization
Who's afraid of philosophy? : Right to philosophy 1
Introduction to metaphysics
The role of intuitions in philosophical methodology
The divine lawmaker : lectures on induction, laws of nature, and the existence of God
Grounding metaphysics : metaphysical necessity and essentialism
Art history versus aesthetics
Towards the definition of philosophy
Experimental philosophy uses experimental research methods from psychology and cognitive science in order to investigate both philosophical and metaphilosophical questions. It explores philosophical questions about the nature of the psychological world - the very structure or meaning of our concepts of things, and about the nature of the non-psychological world - the things themselves. It also explores metaphilosophical questions about the nature of philosophical inquiry and its proper methodology. This book provides a detailed and provocative introduction to this innovative field, focusing on the relationship between experimental philosophy and the aims and methods of more traditional analytic philosophy. Special attention is paid to carefully examining experimental philosophy's quite different philosophical programs, their individual strengths and weaknesses, and the different kinds of contributions that they can make to our philosophical understanding. Clear and accessible throughout, it situates experimental philosophy within both a contemporary and historical context, explains its aims and methods, examines and critically evaluates its most significant claims and arguments, and engages with its critics.
Thinking philosophically : an introduction to critical reflection and rational dialogue
Wittgenstein's antiphilosophy
Experimental philosophy : an introduction
The nature and future of philosophy
The life of the mind. 1, Thinking
Philosophical reasoning : a study in the methodology of philosophizing
Concepts and categories : philosophical essays
Encyclopedia of Indian philosophies. [2], Indian metaphysics and epistemology : the tradition of Nyāya-Vaiśesika up to Gaṅgeśa
The future for philosophy
Process and reality : an essay in cosmology
Understanding Henri Lefebvre : theory and the possible
Philosophical writings
Closure : a story of everything
Die Aufgaben der Philosophie in der Gegenwart : Akten des 10. Internationalen Wittgenstein Symposiums, 18. bis 25. August 1985, Kirchberg am Wechsel (Österreich) = The tasks of contemporary philosophy : proceedings of the 10th International Wittgenstein Symposium, 18th to 25th August 1985, Kirchberg am Wechsel (Austria)
Reality at risk : a defence of realism in philosophy and the sciences
Process metaphysics : an introduction to process philosophy
Philosophy unmasked : a skeptic's critique
Analytic and continental philosophy : methods and perspectives : proceedings of the 37th International Wittgenstein Symposium
Approaches to metaphysics
Ludwig Wittgenstein established a "cool" stance for philosophy, contemplating the world without meddling in it. D. Z. Phillips explores this position, focusing on its implications for philosophical authorship and the philosophical investigation of the nature of reality. Influenced by the views of Wittgenstein and his pupil Rush Rhees, Phillips—who is one of Rhees's own students—first contrasts Wittgenstein's methods with Kierkegaard's religiously oriented dialectic. He describes the difficulty in sustaining a contemplative view of philosophy and discusses efforts to go beyond it in the work of Richard Rorty, Stanley Cavell, Annette Baier, and Martha Nussbaum, who, in different ways, propose to make philosophy a guide to living. A provocative and challenging work, Philosophy's Cool Place is one of the few books that addresses the discipline as an enterprise and explores its relation to moral values, religious belief, and the nature of Reality. By advancing the cause of neutrality, it will stimulate debate and foster discussion of what philosophy is to become in the postmodern era.
Philosophy of material nature
On the Affinities Between Hume and Kierkegaard
Nature and lifeworld : theoretical and practical metaphysics
"Virtues and vices matter in both ethics and epistemology - it matters whether an agent has moral and intellectual virtues or moral and intellectual vices. In fact, this is the veritable rallying cry of both virtue ethics and virtue epistemology. But do analogies between virtues and vices across these two philosophical fields even succeed? If so, how much do virtues and vices really matter? Are they - or are exemplars - at the foundation of moral and epistemic theory? And if virtues and vices do matter, what exactly are they? Virtue and Vice, Moral and Epistemic presents a series of thought provoking essays that delve deeply into the role of virtue and vice that cut across the fields of ethics and epistemology. Featuring the voices of both virtue ethicists and epistemologists, readings offer competing accounts of the foundation of moral theory while exploring the connections between virtue and emotion, and virtue and contextualism. Other essays analyze universal love, open-mindedness, epistemic malevolence, and epistemic self-indulgence. Written by leading or upcoming figures in ethics and epistemology this book offers provocative insights into the most cutting edge thinking concerning the application of the intellect into virtue theory - an important development in the contemporary analytic tradition"--
The philosophical inquiry : towards a global account
Four ages of understanding : the first postmodern survey of philosophy from ancient times to the turn of the twenty-first century
The self and its other : philosophical essays
The philosophy of philosophy
Rule-following and realism
The authentic self : essays in al-Fārābī and late ancient Greek philosophy
Dispositions
The struggle against dogmatism : Wittgenstein and the concept of philosophy
The philosophy of interpretation
Richard Rorty
Wittgenstein's metaphilosophy
The socratic tradition: questioning philosophy as method
Beyond experience : metaphysical theories and philosophical constraints
Lectures on metaphysics
The gravity of thought
The foundations of metaphysics in science
Matters of metaphysics
De natura rerum : scripta in honorem professoris Olli Koistinen sexagesimum annum complentis
The ends of philosophy
Metaphilosophy
A taste of secret
World hypotheses : a study in evidence
The Blackwell guide to metaphysics
Why philosophize?
Standing before a sentence : Moore's paradox and a perspective from within language
The metaphysics of morals
Wittgenstein's conception of philosophy and philosophical method
Mind, language, and metaphilosophy : early philosophical papers
The rediscovery of common sense philosophy
Schopenhauer and Kant's transcendental idealism
Existence and existents
Riddles of existence : a guided tour of metaphysics
Wittgenstein : mind, meaning and metaphilosophy
Wittgenstein and the end of philosophy : neither theory nor therapy
What is philosophy?
Philosophy in the new century
From science to emancipation : alienation and the actuality of enlightenment
Ethical unthinkabilities and philosophical seriousness
Preludes to pragmatism : toward a reconstruction of philosophy
"What is philosophy? How should we do it? Why should we bother to? These are the kinds of questions addressed by metaphilosophy - the philosophical study of the nature of philosophy itself. Students of philosophy today are faced with a confusing and daunting array of philosophical methods, approaches and styles and also deep divisions such as the notorious rift between analytic and Continental philosophy. This book takes readers through a full range of approaches - analytic versus Continental, scientistic versus humanistic, 'pure' versus applied - enabling them to locate and understand these different ways of doing philosophy. Clearly and accessibly written, it will stimulate reflection on philosophical practice and will be invaluable for students of philosophy and other philosophically inclined readers"--
Courage of doing philosophy : essays presented to Leszek Nowak
The reenchantment of the world
An introduction to metaphilosophy
From a metaphilosophical point of view : a study of W. V. Quine's naturalism
Virtue and vice, moral and epistemic
Genres of philosophy
Metaphysics
Philosophy in crisis : the need for reconstruction
Philosophy's cool place
Metametaphysics : new essays on the foundations of ontology
From the Ultimate God to the Virtual God: Post-Ontotheological Perspectives on the Divine in Heidegger, Badiou, and Meillassoux
Religion and philosophy
Inheritance and originality : Wittgenstein, Heidegger, Kierkegaard
Why philosophize? : the thought of deed
