http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p19328 sociology of science
sociology of science
Charles Darwin's discovery of evolution by natural selection was the greatest scientific discovery of all time. The publication of his 1859 book, On the Origin of Species, is normally taken as the point at which evolution erupted as an idea, radically altering how the Victorians saw themselves and others. This book tells a very different story. Darwin's discovery was part of a long process of negotiation between imagination, faith and knowledge which began long before 1859 and which continues to this day. Evolution and the Victorians provides historians with a survey of the thinkers and debates implicated in this process, from the late 18th century to the First World War. It sets the history of science in its social and cultural context. Incorporating text-boxes, illustrations and a glossary of specialist terms, it provides students with the background narrative and core concepts necessary to engage with specialist historians such as Adrian Desmond, Bernard Lightman and James Secord. Conlin skilfully synthesises material from a range of sources to show the ways in which the discovery of evolution was a collaborative enterprise pursued in all areas of Victorian society, including many that do not at first appear "scientific".
Scientific knowledge and its social problems
The place of science in modern civilization and other essays
Cognitive relativism and social science
Scientific controversies : case studies in the resolution and closure of disputes in science and technology
Science and the sociology of knowledge
Sociology of science. Unit three
Fathering the unthinkable : masculinity, scientists and the nuclear arms race
Tiivistelmä (s. I).- Abstract (s. II).
Varieties of scientific experience : emotive aims in scientific hypotheses
Technology, pessimism and postmodernism
Social responsibility in science, technology and medicine
The social construction of science : a comparative study of goal direction, research evolution and legitimation
Organization and the effectiveness of academic research groups : (summary of a doctoral dissertation)
Fear of science, trust in science : conditions for change in the climate of opinion
The sociology of knowledge : its structure and its relation to the philosophy of knowledge : a critical analysis of the systems of Karl Mannheim and Pitirim A. Sorokin ; transl. by John F. Locke ; with a preface by F.S.C. Northrop
The scientific intellectual : the psychological and sociological origins of modern science
Physicists on Wall Street and other essays on science and society
Controversial science : from content to contention
Beyond the science wars : the missing discourse about science and society
Social practice and the development of science
Science and society : past, present, and future
Mathematics in society and history
The problem of social-scientific knowledge
Images of science : scientific practice and the public
National components of scientific knowledge : a contribution to the social theory of science
Science as practice and culture
Knowledge, social institutions and the division of labour
Francis Bacon and the politics of science
Science in society : classical and contemporary readings
Finalization in science : the social orientation of scientific progress
Modern science and human values
Naked science : anthropological inquiry into boundaries, power, and knowledge
Community, competition and citizen science : voluntary distributed computing in a globalized world
Technology as magic : the triumph of the irrational
Science and social responsibility
The sciences' media connection : public communication and its repercussions
A tale of two cultures : the image of science of C.P. Snow
Sociology of science. Unit two
Cognition and fact : materials on Ludwik Fleck
Science, history and social activism : a tribute to Everett Mendelsohn
Controversy : politics of technical decisions
Defenders of the truth : the sociobiology debate
The social basis of scientific discoveries
Science : the very idea
Knowledge production at the semiperiphery : a gender perspective
Scientific research and social goals : towards a new development model
What is this thing called science? : an assessment of the nature and status of science and its methods
Science and the public : a review of science communication and public attitudes in Britain
Social processes of utilization of scientific knowledge : a theoretical essay
The outer circle : women in the scientific community
Democratization of expertise? : exploring novel forms of scientific advice in political decision-making
Reading of Ludwik Fleck : Questions on philosophy and science
Crafting science : a sociohistory of the quest for the genetics of cancer
A social history of science and technology in contemporary Japan. Vol. 1, The occupation period, 1945-1952
Towards a social reconstruction of science theory : Peirce's theory of inquiry, and beyond
Knowledge and society
The emergence of biotechnology : institutions and markets in industrial innovation
A socio-ethnographic study of the academic professionalization of anthropologists
Academic nations in China and Japan : framed in concepts of nature, culture and the universal
Unity and diversity in knowledge society : epistemology and philosophy of sciences & ethics, social and political philosophy & economic theories and practices
Scientific rationality : the sociological turn
The university under the pressure of innovation policy : reflecting on European and Finnish experiences
Robert K. Merton : sociology of science and sociology as science
Alexander von Humboldt : a metabiography
The sociology of scientific knowledge: a philosophical perspective
Methodology and epistemology for social science : selected papers
Return from exile
The human factor : revolutionizing the way we live with technology
The sociology of science : an episodic memoir
Scientific practice and ordinary action : ethnomethodology and social studies of science
Conclusions (s. 145-158).
Women and science
Ignorance and surprise : science, society, and ecological design
Concepts of statement and discursive practice in Foucault's Archaelogy of knowledge
The discipline of curiosity : science in the world
On the scientific status and position of communication research
Prometheus bedeviled : science and the contradictions of contemporary culture
Soviet sociology of science
Social processes of scientific development
The march of unreason : science, democracy, and the new fundamentalism
Society and knowledge : contemporary perspectives in the sociology of knowledge
Smart, fast and beautiful : on rhetoric of technology and computing discourse in Sweden 1955-1995
Power and method : political activism and educational research
Regulation of scientific inquiry : societal concerns with research
The mass-extinction debates : how science works in a crisis
Beamtimes and lifetimes : the world of high energy physicists
Science incarnate : historical embodiments of natural knowledge
The sociology of the sciences. Vol. 2
Creating value with science and technology
Science in action : how to follow scientists and engineers through society
The Twilight of the Scientific Age
Summary.
Scientific excellence : origins and assessment
Scientific knowledge : a sociological analysis
Archaeology, ideology and society : the German experience
The sociology of the sciences. Vol. 1
Sociology of science. Unit one
Korkeakoulun perusyksikön tieteellinen elinvoimaisuus = Research vitality of the basic units in the universities
Who wants to be a scientist? : choosing science as a career
The sociology of science
Inscribing science : scientific texts and the materiality of communication
Craft and consciousness : occupational technique and the development of world images
Finitism and symmetry : an inquiry into the basic notions of the strong programme
Science and its fabrication
The impact of modern scientific ideas on society : in commemoration of Einstein : papers presented at the Unesco Symposium on the Impact of Modern Scientific Ideas on Society, Munich-Ulm, 18-20 September 1978..
The challenge of scientometrics : the development, measurement, and self-organization of scientific communications
Social studies of science in Finland
Social responses to technological change
The sociology of knowledge : a reader
Globalization, knowledge and society : readings from International sociology
Mapping the dynamics of science and technology : sociology of science in the real world
Defending science--within reason : between scientism and cynicism
The scope and limits of value-freedom in science
Science as cognitive process : toward an empirical philosophy of science
Science speaks to power : the role of experts in policy making
Sociology of science : selected readings
Explanations : styles of explanation in science
Evolution and the Victorians : science, culture and politics in Darwin's Britain
Changing order : replication and induction in scientific practice
Sociology of science
Global science and national sovereignty : studies in historical sociology of science
The nature of technological knowledge. Are models of scientific change relevant?
Science under siege? : interest groups and the science wars
Toward a political sociology of science
Science, technology & society in seventeenth-century England
Technology and choice : readings from Technology and culture
The reading of Ludwik Fleck : Sources and context
Research in science and technology studies : knowledge systems
Selforganization : portrait of a scientific revolution
What is this thing called science?
Politics and the restraint of science
Perspectives in the sociology of science
Boundary-work and the vulnerability of academic status : the case of Finnish nursing science
The new political sociology of science : institutions, networks, and power
The structures of the life-world
The republic of science : the emergence of Popper's social view of science 1935-1945
The scientific community
Research in sociology of knowledge, sciences and art : a research annual. Volume 2
Perspectives on scholarly misconduct in the sciences
We have never been modern / Bruno Latour ; translated Catherine Porter
The body politic : the battle over science in America
The reflexive thesis : wrighting sociology of scientific knowledge
Progress in science and its social conditions : Nobel Symposium 58, held at Lidingö, Sweden, 15-19 August 1983
Unleashing science popularisation : studies on science as popular culture
Aborted discovery : science and creativity in the Third World
Knowledge and society : studies in the sociology of science past and present : a research annual. 8
Science & society : papers from the 4S/EASST Conference, Göteborg, 12-15 August 1992, [vol. III]
Organized knowledge : a sociological view of science and technology
Social studies of science
The trouble with physics : the rise of string theory, the fall of a science and what comes next
Instituting science : the cultural production of scientific disciplines
Counter-movements in the sciences : the sociology of the alternatives to big science
Perspectives on the emergence of scientific disciplines
Sociology of scientific kowledge : a source book
The cognitive turn : sociological and psychological perspectives on science
Standing with the public : the humanities and democratic practice
The human factor : revolutionizing the way people live with technology
Sociology of scientific knowledge : a source book
The Oxford companion to the history of modern science
Drawing on face-to-face and online ethnographic, survey and interview data with participants in distributed computing projects around the world, this book sheds light on the organizational and social structures of voluntary distributed computing projects, communities and teams.
Science, technology & society in seventeenth century England
Historicizing as a feminist practice : the place of history in Judith Butler's constructive theories
Understanding technological change
Realizing social science knowledge : the political realization of social science knowledge and research : toward new scenarios : a symposium in memoriam Paul F. Lazarsfeld
Science on stage : expert advice as public drama
The social dimensions of science
The social production of scientific knowledge
The radicalisation of science : ideology of/in the natural sciences
Einstein and culture
The scientist's social resposibility. Unit one
Philosophy of science : the key thinkers
