http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1939 hearing loss
hearing loss
Day by day : the chronicles of a hard of hearing reporter
Human cortical functions in auditory change detection evaluated with multiple brain research methods
Cued speech and cued language for deaf and hard of hearing children
Living with deafness
Introduction to audiologic rehabilitation
Microangiopathy with encephalopathy, hearing loss and retinal arteriolar occlusions : two cases
Neither - nor : a young Australian's experience with deafness
The young deaf or hard of hearing child : a family-centered approach to early education
Children born with a cleft lip and or palate face numerous difficulties during the course of their lives. Their families must respond to the challenge of a high level of burden of care required by these patients. The studies listed in this thesis benchmark the characteristics of cleft lip and palate in a cohort of patients living in Northern Finland. These studies strived to consider epidemiologic aspects, speech results, palatal fistula rates and hearing outcome.Records of a total of 214 patients treated between 1998-2011 at the Oulu Cleft Lip and Palate Center were assessed on a retrospective basis. Cleft palate (68.7%) was most frequent followed by cleft lip and palate (18.7%) and cleft lip with or without alveolus (12.6%). Cleft palate occurred more frequently in females (63%) and cleft lip and palate was more frequent in males (62.5%) most commonly affecting the left side (82%).The overall frequency of speech operations following primary palatoplasty was 21%. This was significantly higher for girls (27%) than for boys (13%). Patients with cleft lip and palate were more likely to require speech improvement surgery (24%) than patients with isolated soft or soft and hard palate clefts (20%).The overall frequency of postoperative fistulas following primary palatoplasty was (9.6%). Patients with cleft lip and palate were more likely to develop postoperative palatal fistulas (20%) than patients with cleft palate (6.6%).The severity of the cleft, the surgical technique used to repair the palate, hearing outcome, and the need for ventilation tube placement were determined retrospectively. At least mild hearing loss was found in 3.3% of cleft patients. Neither the surgical technique used to repair the cleft palate nor the severity of the cleft were found to be significant factors related to hearing loss or to the number of ventilation tubes required. Hearing improved sig nificantly with increasing age over a span of 6 years.
Hearing and deafness : an introduction for health and education professionals
Nurses' experiences from communicating with hearing impaired patients
Cochlear implants : evolving perspectives
Odyssey of Hearing Loss : Tales of Triumph
Cognition, Education and Deafness : Directions for Research and Instruction
On the fence : the hidden world of the hard of hearing
Mental health and deafness
Costs and effectiveness of hearing aid rehabilitation in the elderly
During the 1995 ICED papers on education of deaf and hard of hearing children in developing countries were presented within the general fifteen different issues around which the Congress was organized. For the purpose of the publication of the Proceedings, a special section was added which specifically deals with cross-cultural perspectives and international issues. .
Abstract.
The First Comprehensive Guide to Educational Interpreting As many as 22,000 deaf and hard-of-hearing students are currently enrolled in local school programs where their access to the language of learning is dependent upon an interpreter. This book brings together comprehensive information about the practice of interpreting in educational settings. As the author points out, the field of educational interpreting has developed quickly in recent years, creating the need for this practical guide to serve as a resource for interpreters, general education teachers, special education teachers, special education directors, parents, speech-language pathologists, school administrators, and others concerned with the education of deaf and hard-of-hearing students. The book takes a developmental approach to curriculum and instruction regarding students who use interpreters, moving from preschool on through the graduate school. The topics covered relate to the specific needs of learners at each age and apply to interpreters who use sign language, cued speech, and oral interpreting. Each section is presented in a question-answer format, with an emphasis on the challenges posed by interpreting in educational setting and the practices best suited to meeting those challenges. For each of the educational settings, engaging case studies focus on real-life situations and are followed by suggested best-practice solutions as well as questions for further thought.
Mitochondrial DNA sequence variation in Finnish patients with maternally inherited type 2 diabetes, epilepsy and mitochondrial disease : risk and novel mutations
Orientation to deafness
A quiet world : living with hearing loss
Functional visual and hearing impairment in a population aged 75 years and older in the city of Kuopio, Finland
Ototoxicity : basic science and clinical applications
Sound sense : Living and learning with hearing loss
Educational interpreting : how it can succeed
This is an introductory text on mental health and deafness for care workers and mental health workers, both those familiar with deaf people but not with mental health and those familiar with mental health but not with deaf people. It covers a wide range of mental health issues as they relate to deafness and is divided into two sections. The first, Assessment, includes topics ranging from child and adolescent psychiatry, adult psychiatry, children who are deaf and have multiple disabilities, addictive behaviour and deafness, to maltreatment of deaf children. The second section, Management and Intervention, discusses interpreters in mental health settings, educational interventions, family therapy and drug treatments. The contributors to this book, some of who are deaf themselves, come from a range of professional disciplines and are international experts in their fields.
Psychotherapy with deaf and hard of hearing persons : a systemic model
Sign language media : an exploration of Flemish Deaf culture, media-exigencies and cross-medial perspectives
Language learning in children who are deaf and hard of hearing : multiple pathways
Touching voices : components of direct tactually supported speechreading
The hearing-loss guide : useful information and advice for patients and families
Access guide : Your passport to delivering services for deaf and hard of hearing people
Best practices in educational interpreting
Elmer and aunt Zelda
The cochlear implant debate has changed, as evidenced in this cogent collection that presents 13 chapters by 20 experts, including several who communicate through sign language but also utilize cochlear implants. The impetus for this change stems from recognition that both visual and aural input can enhance the education of deaf children. Divided into four sections, Cochlear Implants: Evolving Perspectives first focuses on the impact of implants in the Deaf community. Chapters in this section examine the issues driving the cochlear implant debate, the ethics of genetic engineering, experiences of implanted adult deaf signers, reflections of deaf mothers who have had their children implanted, and the effects of implants on deaf identity. The second section delves into the mechanics of bimodal processing, including listening strategies that can benefit signing children with cochlear implants. The third section surveys combined aural/visual educational approaches, such as teaching implanted children in an ASL/English bilingual classroom, and applying auditory rehabilitation to a signed communication context. The final section challenges readers to reframe the debate first by exploring sensory politics, then by envisioning an emerging world that requires the Deaf community to connect with it to secure its future. With this information, readers will reach their own conclusions about cochlear implants and auditory and visual approaches to the mastery of both spoken and signed languages.
Who speaks for the Deaf community? : a Deaf American monograph
Hearing in children
Hearing among older adults : an epidemiological study
Children with hearing loss : developing listening and talking, birth to six
"Many students struggle with the transition from high school to the next stage of their lives. For deaf and hard of hearing students, that struggle can be intensified by barriers and discriminatory attitudes. Author examines services that are currently available in high schools and offers recommendations"--
Deafness in dogs and cats
Speech to Text: Today and Tomorrow : Proceedings of a Conference at Gallaudet University September, 1988
Auditory cortical responses in humans with profound unilateral sensorineural hearing loss from early childhood
Azathioprine with cortisone in treatment of hearing loss in only hearing ear
Auditory processing disorders : assessment, management and treatment
Variability of Finnish speech spoken by hearing-impaired individuals
Aspects of cleft lip and palate from Northern Finland : clefts in Northern Finland
Psychological and psychoeducational assessment of children and adolescents who are deaf and hard of hearing
Helping deaf and hard of hearing students to use spoken language : a guide for educators and families
The praeger guide to hearing and hearing loss : assessment, treatment, and prevention
Identification of childhood hearing impairment in Uusimaa County, Finland
The Oxford handbook of deaf studies in language
Rehabilitative audiology : children and adults
Devices for Deaf and Severely Hard of Hearing People : An Annotated Bibliography
Audiology and communication disorders : an overview
Promoting positive transition outcomes : effective planning for deaf and hard of hearing young adults
School-based audiology
Cochlear implantation : cost creating or cost saving? : proceedings of a Conference on Health Technology Assessment, Queen's Medical Centre, Nottingham, UK, 18 May 2001.
Functional visual and hearing impairment in a population aged 75 years and older in the City of Kuopio in Finland : associations with mood and activities of daily living
Hearing impairment among adults (HIA) : report of a joint (Nordic-British) project
I know someone with a hearing impairment
The deaf child in a hearing family  : nurturing development
A new civil right : telecommunications equality for deaf and hard of hearing americans
Hearing as behaviour : psychological aspects of acquired hearing impairment in the elderly
Speech audiometry
Missed connections : Hard of hearing in a hearing world
Dizziness, hearing loss and tinnitus
Introduction to audiology today
Deaf-ability - not disability : A Guide for the parents of hearing impaired children
Psychotherapy with deaf and hard-of-hearing persons : a systemic model
Member organisations of IFHOH-Europe and the situation of hard of hearing people
Literacy and your deaf child : what every parent should know
Cochlear hearing loss : physiological, psychological and technical Issues
Teaching deaf and hard of hearing students : Content, strategies and curriculum
Fundamentals of audiology for the speech-language pathologist
Assessing deaf adults : critical issues in testing and evaluation
Deafness and hearing loss : the essential guide
Hearing conservation among among classical musicians : needs, means and attitudes
Hearing impairment and tinnitus in the elderly
Development of vocalizations in deaf and normally hearing infants
Practical audiology for speech-language therapists
Shouting won't help : why I--and 50 million other Americans--can't hear you
"Many students struggle with the transition from high school to the next stage of their lives. For deaf and hard of hearing (DHH) students, that struggle can be intensified by barriers and discriminatory attitudes they face in their communities, schools, and workplaces. Though much progress has been made, they are often underemployed and underpaid, and they receive postsecondary training at lower rates than other disability groups. Author Pamela Luft explores the reasons for these statistics and offers strategies and resources that can improve outcomes. Promoting Positive Transition Outcomes is the most comprehensive discussion of transition planning and results for DHH students now available. Luft begins with an overview of the historical and current challenges to DHH students and their academic and vocational potential. She explores the importance of forming an identity and building foundational social and problem-solving skills. She then reviews the history of rehabilitation and workforce legislation, which now mandates that every student with an individualized education plan (IEP) have a transition plan in place by the age of 16. Most schools, however, are not equipped to meet the needs of a population as diverse as DHH students. She examines the services that are currently available in high schools and offers recommendations for strengthening transition team planning by reaching out to external experts. The volume concludes with suggestions for creating a framework to address the challenges of transition planning for deaf and hard of hearing students and offers guidance on building effective plans"--
The aging auditory system
Forskning om teckenspråk. 2, The first national symposium on sign language research and teaching, Chicago May 30 - June 4, 1977
Freddie and the Fairy
Hearing conservation among classical musicians : needs, means, and attitudes
Proceedings of the 18th International Congress on Education of the Deaf : Volume I
Thirty million people across all boundaries of life - friends, parents, grandparents and co-workers - face accepting an acquired hearing loss. An almost invisible disability, the effects of even a slight hearing loss can render experiences in the "hearing world" tenuous and fraught with barriers. Thoughtful and insightful, Dr. Michael Harvey, a clinical psychologist, gives us a glimpse into the lives of ten people; each a resonating example of feelings and circumstances - a hard-of-hearing teen struggling to find her place between two worlds, grown children trying to persuade their elderly mother to accept hearing aids. Propelled on an odyssey of frustration and isolation, change and growth, these people, through fascinating therapeutic dialogue, uncover ways to meet their challenges. Each story is an important and healing gift for people who love and cherish, offer professional care to, or are themselves people with hearing loss, and provides a compassionate look at the unique and the universal issues faced by anyone who has struggled with loss.
Introduction to aural rehabilitation
Joint multimodal management of hearing impairment in conversations at home : implications for communication therapy
Deaf in Japan : Signing and the politics of identity
Missing words : The family handbook on adult hearing loss
Hear again : Back to life with a cochlear implant
Some still more equal than others? : or equal opportunities for all?
Implications of NTID Research for Deaf & Hard-of-Hearing People : 1997-1998
Hearing among Finnish professional soldiers : epidemiological study
Ethics in mental health and deafness
One out of every eight people between the ages of 18 and 67 in the United States has a hearing loss, estimated as 12 percent of the working-age population. Sound Sense: Living and Learning with Hearing Loss addresses the acute need of these people to function at the highest level in these income-earning years, the longest phase in their lives. In nine pointed chapters, author Sara Laufer Batinovich, who also has lost her hearing, shares her experience and knowledge in turning every challenge into an opportunity to become one’s best self-advocate. Batinovich begins in the workplace, advising on winning a job, keeping it, and developing a long-term career, plus how to reduce stress and establish fulfilling professional relationships with colleagues. She offers tips on communication ranging from having sales people face you for easier speechreading to parsing boarding announcements at airports and play-by-play at ballparks. Her practical handbook also provides step-by-step guidance for getting a hearing aid or a cochlear implant and finding one’s way through prickly insurance claim mazes. Sound Sense features information on finding a service dog, securing legally mandated accommodations for continuing education, tips on exercise and health, and even sensitive suggestions on strengthening personal relationships. Batinovich’s vivacious style and her own anecdotes add an upbeat, genuine sensibility to her book’s value as a positive guide to living with hearing loss.
Proceedings : conference on the collection of statistics of severe hearing impairments and deafness in the United States 1964
Prevalence of childhood hearing impairment in southern Finland
Childhood hearing impairment in northern Finland : prevalence, aetiology and additional disabilities
Principles of aural rehabilitation
To talk of many things : an autobiography
Living with hearing loss
Now in its second edition, Introduction to Aural Rehabilitation continues to provide all the elements necessary for a comprehensive, practice-oriented course in the habilitation/rehabilitation of children, adults, and the elderly with impaired hearing. This user-friendly text focuses on the most important clinical and practical aspects of providing services to the hearing impaired, while avoiding the technical detail of theoretical texts. This second edition offers more in-depth information on cochlear implantation--including surgical procedures as well as the benefits for children and adults--and is approached from an amplification standpoint across several chapters by new contributing authors
Reflections : my life in the Deaf and Hearing worlds
The Child with impaired hearing
Literacy instruction for students who are deaf and hard of hearing
Never broken : how a deaf woman improvised, adapted, and overcame
The church among deaf people
Mitochondrial DNA sequence variation in patients with sensorineural hearing impairment and in the Finnish population
Choices in deafness : A parents' guide to communication options
They say I'm Stupid, but I just don't HEAR : hearing-impaired Adults' view of Finnish Society
Early communication skills
Deafness and development : Learning from projects with deaf children and deaf adults in developing countries
Hearing disorders in adults : current trends
The hard of hearing handbook
Freddie and the fairy
Molecular genetics of Stickler and Marshall syndromes, and the role of collagen II and other candidate proteins in high myopia and impaired hearing
Madness in the mainstream
Application of nanotechnology-based MRI and gene delivery in treatment of sensorineural hearing loss
Implications of NTID Research for Deaf & Hard-of-Hearing People : 1998-1999
Ruffly speaking
Being deaf : the experience of deafness
