http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p19431 chemical composition
chemical composition
Free amino acid patterns of the purified cell particles obtained with modified sucrose density gradients from the leaves of Trifolium repens
Vegetables and vegetable products
Phytochemical screening of secondary metabolites of goat's rue (Galega orientalis Lam.)
L*a*b* (CIELAB) color measurement and analysis of methanol soluble extractives from secondary xylem of silver birch (B. pendula) as a function of growing site, felling season, location in the stem, storage time and drying mode
Stem anatomy of annual legume intercropping components: white lupin (Lupinus albus L.), narbonne (Vicia narbonensis L.) and common (Vicia sativa L.) vetches
CRC handbook of world food legumes : nutritional chemistry, processing technology, and utilization. Vol. 1
Dynamical and chemical structure of galactic halos
Chemical and source characterisation of ambient fine particles with off-line and on-line methods
Post-harvest physiology of food crops
International food data bases and information exhange : concepts, principles and designs
Glaciochemical evidence of spatial and temporal environmental variability across Svalbard
Malt : a practical guide from field to brewhouse
Potato science and technology
The content of dietary fiber, amino acids, dihydroxyphenols and some macro- and micronutrients in grain of conventionally and organically grown common wheat, spelt wheat and proso millet
Studies on low-molecular phenolic constituents in conifer needles
Utilization of tropical foods: roots and tubers
Corn : chemistry and technology
The importance of emulsification techniques, their use in the production of nanoparticles for biomedical applications as well as application of rheological techniques for studying the interaction between the emulsion droplets is gathered in this reference work.Written by some of the top scientists within their respective fields, this book covers such topics as emulsions, nano-emulsions, nano-dispersions and novel techniques for their investigation. It also considers the fundamental approach in areas such as controlled release, drug delivery and various applications of nanotechnology.
Chemical properties of raw and processed breadfruit (Treculia africana) seed flour
Effect on yield, total phenolic, total flavonoid and total isothiocyanate content of two broccoli cultivars (Brassica oleraceae var italica) following the application of a commercial brown seaweed extract (Ascophyllum nodosum)
Coffee. 1, Chemistry
Flavors and fragrances : a world perspective : proceedings of the 10th international congress of essential oils, fragrances and flavors, Washington, DC, U.S.A., 16-20 November 1986
Chemical characterization and source apportionment of submicron aerosol particles with aerosol mass spectrometers
McCance and Widdowson's the composition of foods
Adverse health effects of glycyrrhizic acid in licorice : a risk assessment
Teräs. Osa 4, Ruostumattomat teräkset : ainestandardit = Steel. Part 4, Stainless steel : material standards
Field experiments were conducted to evaluate the effect of an unfortified extract, of Ascophyllum nodosum on yield and nutritional quality of two broccoli cultivars ("Ironman" and "Red Admiral"). Total phenolic, total flavonoid, and total isothiocyanates content were higher in all seaweed treatments compared to the untreated control. In "Ironman" there was a 2.2 fold increase in total phenolic, 1.5 fold in total flavonoid and 2.6 fold in total isothiocyanates content, in the higher application rate compared to the control. Similarly in "Red Admiral", there was a 2.3 fold increase in total phenolic, 2.6 fold in total flavonoid and, 2.2 fold in total isothiocyanates content. There was a consistent effect on the increase of total phenolic, total flavonoid and total isothiocyanates content, while there was no yield increase recorded at the lower seaweed application rate. Results suggest that application of seaweed extracts can significantly increase the amount of phytochemicals and improve the nutritional quality of broccoli.
Structures of hemicelluloses and pectins in wood and pulp
Wood properties of northern forest trees grown under elevated CO2, O3 and temperature
The avian egg : chemistry and biology
Agronomic characteristics and phytochemical profiles of advanced June-bearing strawberry lines for the northern Canadian climate
The phytic acid (PA), inorganic phosphorus (Pi), yellow pigment (YP), water soluble phenolics (WSPH) and free protein sulfhydryl groups (PSH) of 15 Triticum aestivum and 15 Triticum durum wheats grown at six different environments were evaluated for variability, intra- and inter- relations with agronomic traits. The most variable properties in bread wheat were YP and WSPH with coefficients of variation (CV) amounting to 14.59% and 14.10%, respectively, while in durum wheat those were PSH and YP with CV of 17.59% and 15.02%, respectively. PA in durum wheat showed the least variability (CV 3.61%). Among others, positive associations were obtained between WSPH and YP in bread and durum wheat, YP and PSH, WSPH and PSH, yield (YLD) and WSPH, YLD and PSH in durum wheat, while negative associations were recorded for PA and YP, PA and WSPH, YLD and antioxidants (YP and WSPH) in bread wheat, PA and antioxidants, PA and YLD in durum wheat..
Chemical and physical behavior of human hair
Factors contributing to sea buckthorn (Hippophaë rhamnoides L.) flavour
Genetic and environmental variation in chemical composition of grains in barley and oats
Chemistry of tropical root crops : significance for nutrition and agriculture in the Pacific
Soybeans: chemistry and technology : edited by Allan K. Smith and Sidney J. Circle. 1, Proteins
Effects of berry production and deblossoming on growth, carbohydrates and nitrogen compounds in Vaccinium myrtillus in north Finland
Novel approaches to the sampling of atmospheric aerosols and determination of chemical composition
Natural products of woody plants I-II : chemicals extraneous to the lignocellulosic cell wall
Chemical mass closure and source-specific composition of atmospheric particles
Formulating, packaking, and marketing of natural cosmetic products
The global carbon cycle : [proceedings of the NATO Advanced Study Institute on Contemporary Global Carbon Cycle held in Il Ciocco, Italy, September 8-20, 1991]
Loss of sugars contributes to accelerate postharvest senescence of broccoli. Several treatments have been developed to delay senescence, but in many cases their effects on sugar metabolism were not analyzed. We studied the effect of harvest at different times of day (08:00, 13:00 and 18:00 h) and of several postharvest treatments as heat treatment (HT), modified atmosphere (MA) and 1-methylcylcopropene (1-MCP) on sugar levels and activities of enzymes related to sucrose and starch degradation. Harvesting at the end of day delayed the loss of chlorophylls and caused the lowest decrement in sugars, although no differences in invertase, sucrose synthase and β-amylase activities were detected among samples. Treatments of MA and 1-MCP caused a lower loss of glucose and fructose, while HT caused a lower decrement of sucrose. Treated samples maintained higher levels of chlorophylls. The treatments reduced the activity of invertase and sucrose synthase and induced higher levels of β-amylase activity. Harvesting at the end of day and performing simultaneously a MA treatment could be a good combination to maintain the green color of the inflorescence and sugar levels during postharvest of broccoli.
The potato
Barley (Hordeum vulgare L.) cultivar identification by polyacrylamide gel electrophoresis of hordein proteins: Cultivar
Emulsion formation and stability
Brassica crops are rich is phytochemical compounds and frequent consumption of these vegetables has been associated with a lower risk in cancer, heart disease, hypertension and stroke. The effect of three commercial extracts of the brown seaweed, Ascophyllum nodosum, on phytochemical content and yield in cabbage plants was tested under field conditions in two consecutive crops. Total phenolic content was higher in all seaweed treated plants, with the highest increase recorded with AlgaeGreenTM (3.5 l ha-1) with a 2 fold increase relative to the control. The other commercial seaweed extract, XT achieved a lower increases of 1.3 fold (3.5 l ha-1). Similar increases were recorded in total flavonoid content. No statistically significant increases in yield were recorded with any of the seaweed extracts tested. The results suggest that seaweed extracts stimulated an increased accumulation of phytochemicals in cabbage but had no significant effect in yield under these experimental conditions.
Genesis of a massive nickel sulfide deposit associated with peridotite-dunite at Cliffs Mt. Keith, Western Australia
Cosmetic chemistry : for the skin treatment therapist
Measurements of inorganic ions and their precursor gases in ambient air in Finland
Elemental analysis of wood materials by external millibeam thick target PIXE
Frost flower chemical signature in winter snow on Vestfonna ice cap, Nordaustlandet, Svalbard
Chemical structure and reactivity : an integrated approach
β-Glucan contents of groats of different oat cultivars in official variety, in organic cultivation, and in nitrogen fertilization trials in Finland
The effect of intercropping on stem anatomy of both supporting (Lupinus albus) and supported (Vicia narbonnensis and V. sativa) annual forage legumes was investigated using stereological method. Intercropped plants showed minimal differences in volume densities (Vv) of stem tissues and forage chemical composition compared to sole crops. The proportions of lignin and NDF (Neutral Detergent Fiber) positively correlated with xylem Vv. The proportions of ADF (Acid Detergent Fiber), cellulose and ash in intercropped plants were increased or decreased mostly by less than 10% compared to those in pure stands. The Anatomical Equivalent Ratio (AER) defined as the ratio based on anatomical quality-determining parameters, can assist in the evaluation of the benefits of specific intercropping systems. Intercropping of the legume species studied in this work, especially L. albus with V. sativa, showed encouraging results from anatomical perspective since it would not cause a decline of forage quality.
Quality of table potatoes : morphology, content of substances and quality properties at different stages of development and growth of the potato tuber
Chemical and functional properties of food components
Study on soot and other refractory components from various combustion processes
The synthesis of very long chain polyunsaturated fatty acids (VLCPUFAs) was investigated in five cultivars of chicory. Genes for enzymes of the ù3/6 Ä8-desaturation biosynthetic pathways for the formation of C20 VLCPUFAs were inserted into chicory by Agrobacterium-mediated transformation of leaf explants. Plants were transformed by genes encoding Ä9-specific elongating activity from Isochrysis galbana, Ä8-desaturase from Euglena gracilis and Ä5-desaturase from Mortierella alpina, either separately or in combination; transgenic plants were selected on culture medium containing glufosinate ammonium for those transformed with the Ä9-elongase gene alone or in combination with the Ä8-desaturase gene, or kanamycin for plants transformed with the Ä5-desaturase gene. PCR showed the presence of the transgenes within the genome of selected plants, with RT-PCR confirming gene expression. Gas Chromatography of fatty acid methyl esters extracted from freeze-dried leaves of transgenic plants quantified the synthesis of omega-6 arachidonic acid and its precursors eicosadienoic and dihomo-ã-linolenic acids, and omega-3 eicosapentaenoic acid together with its precursors eicosatrienoic and eicosatetraenoic acids. This is the first report of the production of VLCPUFAs in a leafy vegetable. Since VLCPUFAs are the precursors of prostaglandins, the formation of prostaglandins was also investigated in chicory following a second transformation event using the PGHS-1 gene from Mus musculus.
The chemistry of the atmosphere and oceans
Quality characteristics of parental lines of wheat mapping populations
Phenolic compounds and their antioxidant properties in different tissues of carrots (Daucus carota L.)
The crust
Selenium content of Finnish oats in 1997-1999 : effect of cultivars and cultivation techniques
Onions and allied crops. Vol. 3, Biochemistry, food science, and minor crops
A comprehensive guide to the hazardous properties of chemical substances
Summary.
Characterization of low-molecular weight acidic peptides in the leaves of Trifolium repens and Phaseolus vulgaris
Miscellaneous foods : fourth supplement to the 5th edition of McCance and Widdowson's the composition of foods
International symposium on medicinal and aromatic plants : Tiberias on the Sea of Galilee, Israel, March 22-25, 1993
The aim of this work was to evaluate the main quality traits in the parental lines of wheat segregating populations to identify the best for subsequent genetic mapping of the traits. Significant differences (p < 0.001) among wheat genotypes were observed. Many of the examined crosses appeared to be suitable for the purpose, showing differences among parental lines as high as 4.6% for protein content, 6.4% for gluten content, 69 for gluten index, 50 mL for sodium dodecyl sulphate sedimentation volume, and 33.9 g for thousand-kernel weight, whereas differences accounting for 4.8, 2.4, and 7.3 were observed for yellow index, red index and brown index, respectively. The results pointed out that for studying at the same time the quantitative and qualitative features of gluten, the wheat populations derived from Latino x MG29896 and Saragolla x 02-5B-318 could be particularly appropriate. In addition, the latter cross was suitable to deepen the knowledge of yellow index regulation.
The complete nail technician
Composition and productive value for broiler chickens of wheat, triticale and rye
Nutritional quality of cereal grains : genetic and agronomic improvement
Studies on starch structure and the differential properties of starch branching enzymes
A simulation study of multivariable control and estimation strategies for chemical engineering processes
Chemical characterisation of fine particles from biomass burning
Needle chemistry on the intensive monitoring plots 1995-2003 = Neulasten kemiallinen koostumus intensiiviseurannan havaintoaloilla vuosina 1995-2003
The changing atmosphere : report of the Dahlem workshop on the changing atmosphere Berlin 1987, November 1-6
Enhancement of phenolic and flavonoid compounds in cabbage (Brassica oleraceae) following application of commercial seaweed extracts of the brown seaweed, (Ascophyllum nodosum)
The effects of conventional and organic farming system on some quality parameters of grains were studied in winter and spring common wheat, spelt wheat and proso millet. Under organic farming conditions, spelt wheat was characterized by the most favorable grain chemical composition (essential amino acids index [EAAI] 85.3, o-dihydroxyphenol 2.00 g kg-1, nitrogen [N] 23.5 g kg-1, magnesium [Mg] 705, zinc [Zn] 32.9 mg kg-1), followed by millet (total dietary fiber [TDF] 185.3 g kg-1, Mg 904, copper [Cu] 6.27, iron [Fe] 57.0 mg kg-1). The above-mentioned cereals also showed a satisfactory yield level under the organic system (spelt wheat 2.69, proso millet 1.42 t ha-1). Both in winter and spring common wheat organic farming led a significant reduction in productivity, but the content of chemical components in grain (dihydroxyphenols—spring wheat 1.68 g kg-1, winter wheat 1.74 g kg-1; selenium [Se]—spring wheat 53.4 mg kg-1, winter wheat 40.5 mg kg-1; some amino acids—spring wheat valine [Val] 5.11, methionine [Met] 2.09, tryptophan [Trp] 0.40 g kg-1, winter wheat glutamate [Glu] 41.9, proline [Pro] 15.3, glysine [Gly] 5.24, arginine [Arg] 5.04, [Trp] 0.97 g kg-1) was more favorable compared to the conventional system. The present study showed that the organic farming system does not result in reduced productivity neither in spelt wheat or proso millet, but contributes to an improvement in their grain quality parameters. On the other hand, common wheat performed better under the conventional system..
Host range of lichenivorous moths with special reference to nutritional quality and chemical defence in lichens
Studies on the chemical composition of the alcoholic flavour distillates and steam distilled essential oils of sweet marjoram, coriander fruit, angelica root and juniper berry
Phenolic acids in humus chemistry
The effect of Scots pine, Norway spruce and silver birch on the chemical composition of stand throughfall and upper soil percolation water in northern Finland
Soil percolation water quality during 2001-2004 on 11 Level II plots = Vajoveden kemiallinen koostumus 11 havaintoalalla (taso II) vuosina 2001-2004
Effect of time of day for harvest and postharvest treatments on the sugar metabolism of broccoli (Brassica oleracea var. italica)
Composition, ileal amino acid digestibility and nutritive value of organically grown legume seeds and conventional rapeseed cakes for pigs
Chemical characteristics of Finnish bedrock : 1:1 000 000 scale bedrock map units
Sporopollenin : proceedings of a symposium held at the Geology department, Imperial college, London, 23-25 September, 1970
Eleven advanced strawberry lines ("SJ011‑10", "SJ0440‑2", "SJ061‑8", "SJ066‑3", "SJ069‑3", "SJ069‑12", "SJ0814‑37", "SJ8518‑11", "K04‑12", "LL0220‑10" and "V151") were evaluated for their yield, fruit quality, total phenolic content, total antioxidant capacity, and phenolic composition, and were compared with a commercial cultivar ("Wendy"). The results showed that "SJ069‑3" had excellent soluble solids content, mid-level titratable acidity, low weight loss, and the best firmness among all the cultivars. Higher total antioxidant capacity was found in "SJ069‑3", according to ferric reducing antioxidant power and oxygen radical absorbance capacity assays, an indication that "SJ069‑3" is a promising new cultivar for the fresh market. In addition to rich individual phenolics, "SJ061‑8" had the highest total antioxidant capacity, which was significantly different from the other genotypes, suggesting the potential use of this line as parent material in breeding or as a functional food ingredient. There was a strong relationship between total antioxidant capacity and total phenolic content, according to Folin-Ciocalteu, ferric reducing antioxidant power, and oxygen radical absorbance capacity assays. This study confirms that anthocyanins are major phenolic compounds contributing to the main antioxidant power of strawberries.
Astringent food compounds and their interactions with taste properties
Physico-chemical characterisation of plant residues for industrial and feed use
Tables of composition and nutritional values of organically produced feed materials for pigs and poultry
Understanding fragrance chemistry
Sawdust combustion residues from a converted wanderrost boiler : composition, treatment, leaching properties and mineralogy
Chemical characterization of urban backround aerosol using online and filter methods
8th Silage conference 1987 : summary of papers
Spatial distribution of components in wood by ToF-SIMS
Commercial vegetable processing
On blood parameters of sport dogs : with special reference to nutrition, training, and performance
Phytic acid, inorganic phosphorus, antioxidants in bread and durum wheat and their associations with agronomic traits
Paper chemistry
Biosynthesis of very long chain polyunsaturated fatty acids in the leafy vegetable chicory
Brined cheeses
Harvesting and utilization of tree foliage : IUFRO Project Group P3.05-00 meeting Riga, September 24-28, 1989.
Perfumery : techniques in evolution
Plant chemosystematics
