http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p19450 day
day
Travelers of a hundred ages
Health Promotion in an Ukrainian Preschool Expirienced by Caregivers and Parents
The child diary as a research tool
Abstract.
Nursing the surgical patient
A year of doing good : one woman, one New Year's resolution, 365 good deeds
The diary of a young girl : the definitive edition
Born wicked
Effect of accumulated duration of the light period on bud burst in Norway spruce (Picea abies) of varying ages
Princess in training
An Egyptian journal
Recollections of a tour made in Scotland, A. D. 1803
The point of departure
The perfectionists
Maintaining and Extending Social Networks in IRC-galleria
What Needs to be Considered When Implementing Prospective Diaries for Intensive Care Patients?
Living in China
Health promotion in an Ukrainian preschool expirienced by caregivers and parents
Children's and youth books which received recognition, 2008-2009
An idiot abroad : the travel diaries of Karl Pilkington
Diary of a wimpy kid. 3, The last straw
Creating Physical Education Lessons for Family Childminders
Forging a leader for a new heritage : Finnish Americans and St Urho
Work engagement of kindergarten teachers
Royal wedding : the Princess diaries
Women, men and children in families : private troubles and public issues
Dora and the rainy day
Get a life! : the diaries of Vivienne Westwood 2010-2016
Teachers' perception of children's agency in early childhood education
Little owl's day
Engaging film : geographies of mobility and identity
The Great War diaries : accompanies the astonishing BBC TV series
Finnish children's and young people's literature 2012-2014 : self-reliance, courage and sisu in Finnish picture books
The diaries of Sofia Tolstoy
Shame, rebellion and matrilineage : figurations of mother - daughter relationship in contemporary Finnish prose by women writers
Distributing leadership in a day care setting
Princess Mia
Film art : an introduction
The struggle
Distribution, abundance and species richness of butterflies and myrmecophilous beetles
Wow! Said the owl : a book about colours
Hidden in plain sight : how I sheltered a refugee
Butterfly communities in relation to changes in the management of agricultural environments
Day and night
Saint Patrick, folklore and Irish identity
China Diary : 1988-2009
Short behavioral consultation in day care: the effects on day care personnel's self evaluated competence, behavior of children with ADHD-symptoms and intervention acceptability
Journal of Early Childhood Education Research
Diary of a wimpy kid. 2, Rodrick rules
Diary of a wimpy kid. 9, The Long haul
Role of Educators: Creating Emotional Safety at Day Centers
Three wishes : a novel
Little man of Disneyland
Home lingual environment effect on development : of child's language in multilingual daycare
Interrelation between close teacher-student relationships and engagement : the case of Finnish preschools
The Valentine's Day disaster : a Twilight, Texas novella
The diary of Samuel Pepys
Paradise without the serpent
James Boswell's urban experience in eighteenth-century London
Transformations of Saint Catherine of Alexandria in Finnish vernacular poetry and rituals
Extreme risk : a life fighting the bombmakers
Diary: How to improve the world (You will only make matters worse)
Supporting children's self-esteem in early childhood education: a play booklet for kindergarten teachers
Bridget Jones finds herself unexpectedly pregnant at the eleventh hour. However, her joyful pregnancy is dominated by one crucial but awkward question --who is the father? Could it be honorable, decent, notable human rights lawyer, Mark Darcy? Or, is it charming, witty, and totally despicable, Daniel Cleaver?
Field notes from a hidden city
Diary of a wimpy kid. 8, Hard luck
Abstract: The purpose of this study was to find out the factors of work engagement of kindergarten teachers and the elements of these factors. Work engagement is one part of work well-being. This final thesis was a qualitative study. The method for collecting data was theme interview, which is a qualitative study method. For this study I interviewed five kindergarten teachers. The data were analyzed by thematic analysis. As a theoretical framework I used work engagement, which is divided into three dimensions: vigor, dedication and absorption. Besides these three dimensions, I studied the factors of work engagement of kindergarten teachers from the perspective of job resources, job demands and personal resources. The results of the study contained information of the factors and elements of work engagement of kindergarten teachers that I was able to categorize into five different stages of work engagement: the core of the work, the organizing of work, the communication and management stage, the organizational stage and the personal stage. All of the three dimensions of work engagement clearly emerged from the data. The results of this study lead to a conclusion that the factors and elements of work engagement of kindergarten teachers are versatile. The results of this study might possibly be of help in strengthening the work engagement factors of kindergarten teachers as well as in recognizing the factors that can negatively influence the experience of work engagement of kindergarten teachers. People who are responsible for developing the field of early childhood education might benefit from the results of this study.
University jubilees : a new research area in the history of universities
The biggest twitch
The development of the concept of music education in Estonian kindergartens, 1905-2008 : a historical-critical overview
In an alternate New England of 1900, where the Brotherhood dominates and controls society, sixteen-year-old Cate Cahill has struggled since her mother's death to keep secret that she and her younger sisters are witches, but when a governess arrives from the Sisterhood, everything changes.
Multicultural parents and pedagogical partnership : parents' views on municipal daycare in the metropolitan area : "We learn from each other, everywhere and in every kind of situations"
The princess diarist
Mrs Miles's diary : the wartime journal of a housewife on the home front
Starting Day Care in Espoo from the Viewpoint of Chinese Parents
The customer of this project is Kontio company - a Finnish construction company specialized in the creating and building of individual wooden houses and administrative wooden buildings. A big part of their sales come from the Russian market. The goal of this project is creating of modular wooden kindergarten for sale in Russia. Research in the thesis is carried out in two directions. The first of them is an analysis of Russian fire resistance regulations, energy efficiency norms and soundproofing usage rules and also observing laminated wood as main building material for a kindergarten. The second part is design of a building. The drawings and a 3D model of the building were created with ArchCad and AutoCad programs. During the work, three types of modules for the building were designed. One version of the building is shown in the thesis. The plan of the floor, the facades, the sections and a 3D model were designed for this version. The customer company can use these modules in the future to create a building of different sizes and forms.
Do you speak English, Moon?
The shade of the moon
Care as everyday staff leadership
Contemplating space syntax and leadership in daycare settings
Supporting Children's Self-Esteem in Early Childhood Education : A Play Booklet for Kindergarten Teachers
Forever princess
Woody Allen on location
What's the time, Mr Wolf?
Angus, thongs and full-frontal snogging. book 1
Goodbye to school
Daytime nighttime
Family day care in Germany - the gap between vision and reality
Sacred motherhood : an inspirational guide and journal for mindfully mothering children of all ages
Night & low-light photography : professional techniques from experts for artistic and commercial success
Leadership for developing consensus of perspectives on children's learning in early childhood centers
Representation, nation and time : the political rhetoric of the 1866 parliamentary reform in Sweden
Abstract: The purpose of our study was to increase kindergarten teachersʼ awareness of the importance of supporting childrenʼs self-esteem by creating a play booklet.  We made a functional thesis that consists of a report and a concrete product, a booklet for kindergarten teachers. The subject was discussed with our working-life partner, Helsinki Cityʼs kindergarten, since we wanted to work along their wishes. Based on Michele Borbaʼs self-esteem model we chose five activities that aim to support the different elements of self-esteem of children aged four to five years. When planning the activities we took into consideration this age groupʼs self-esteem, motor and social skills development. To guarantee the functionality of the activities we tested them with our working-life partner. One of the evaluation methods was to gather feedback of the booklet from our working-life partner and one other kindergarten. The idea is that the booklet can be adapted to every kindergartenʼs daily routines and to the kindergarten teachersʼ different ways of working. Ideally each of the activities would be organized with the same group of children and the bookletʼs order of the activities would be followed. This secures the development of self-esteem will be approached holistically.  The chosen theoretical framework successfully supports the booklet and its activities. We managed to create a well-functioning booklet that can be applied to kindergarten teachersʼ various ways of working. With this study we did not evaluate how the activities affect childrenʼs self-esteem, and thus it would be meaningful to conduct a further study about it.
Educators' views on parents' participation on three different identified levels
The lost journals of Bram Stoker : the Dublin years
The Story of D-Day : 50 th Anniversary Edition
Reports on national experience in the formulation and implementation of population policy 1960-1975 : Panama, Haiti, Equatorial Guinea, Afghanistan
Language strategy for day care centres
Dorothea's war : a First World War nurse tells her story
Inside the company : CIA diary
Summaries (s. 299-309).
St Lucia's Day and Friend's Day : folk customs, traditions, entertainment
Ethnocultural knowledge and mythical models : the making of St Olaf, the God of Thunder, and St Elijah during the first centuries of the Christian era in the Scandinavian and Baltic regions
Creation of modular log kindergarten for Russian market
The best of Finnish Americana 1978-1994
Thanksgiving
"Oven breakers" : men's ritual visits during the season of Hallowmas and Christmas in Finnish-Karelian communities
The Freedom Writers diary : how a teacher and 150 teens used writing to change themselves and the world around them
Spanish through time : an introduction
Double cross : the true story of the D-Day spies
Leadership in early childhood education : cross-cultural perspectives
On the traditions of the Martin mummers in Tartu
Adaptation to growing season length in the perennial Arabidopsis lyrata
St Urho - Finnish-American and Finnish-Canadian patron saint
Berlin prepares for Bundestag opening
Leaving school in Finland
Marantaceae of Equatorial Guinea
Zombies : a record of the year of infection
Extra-ordinary men : white heterosexual masculinity in contemporary popular cinema
Early childhood education and care partnership in Finland
Richard Scarry's best Lowly Worm book ever!
Kalevala tradition among Finnish-Americans : values, community and heritage
The expedition : solving the mystery of a polar tragedy
How the sun got to Coco's house
From prank to tradition
Taking up one's worries : a handbook on early dialogues
Richard Scarry's best lowly worm book ever!
A commentary concerning the legend of St. Urho in Minnesota
Early childhood education and care policy in Finland
The Nivkh people of Sakhalin and their music : my Nivkh journey
When a Child Protection Related Concern Arises : Kindergarten Teachers' Practices
Work Engagement of Kindergarten Teachers
Diary of a wimpy kid. 6, Cabin fever
Play it again : an amateur against the impossible
Yoko's diary : the life of a young girl in Hiroshima during WWII
Sweet sixteen princess : a princess diaries book
The Andy Warhol diaries
The princess diaries
Tilasto Suomen työttömyysturvasta 2009 = Statistik om arbetslöshetsskyddet i Finland 2009 = Statistical yearbook on unemployment protection in Finland 2009.
Diary of a wimpy kid. 1
Mrs Fry's diary
Dawn to the West : Japanese literature of the modern era : fiction
Knocked out by my nunga-nungas
Diary of a wimpy kid. 5, The ugly truth
The map of lost memories : a novel
All involved : a novel
Debating "the ABCs of parliamentary life" : the learning of parliamentary rules and practices in the late nineteenth-century Finnish Diet and the early Eduskunta
Development of literacy in kindergarten and primary school
Bridget Jones's baby : the diaries
Princess in waiting
Finnish Independence Day in the United States
A world gone mad : the diaries of Astrid Lindgren, 1939-45
Diary of a wimpy kid. 7, The third wheel
Ready or not
The good German of Nanking : the diaries of John Rabe
The politics of caring and the welfare state : the impact of the women's movement on child care policy in Canada and Finland, 1960-1990
Franklin says I love you
Improving the effectiveness of staff training in a hotel : case study: Hotel X
Princess on the brink
My week with Marilyn : the prince, the showgirl and me my week with Marilyn
Party princess
Where the Indus is young : a winter in Baltistan
Pedagogical small group approach in a day care center
Are these my basoomas I see before me?. book 10.
Multicultural parents and pedagogical partnership. Parents' views on municipal daycare in the metropolitan area. : "We learn from each other, everywhere and in every kind of situations."
Dancing in my nuddy-pants
Princess in love
White Field, black seeds : Nordic literacy practices in the long nineteenth century
Early childhood teacher or leader? : early childhood directors' perceptions of their identity
The folded clock : a diary
The diary of Lena Mukhina : a girl's life in the siege of Leningrad
The Richard Burton diaries
Diary of a wimpy kid. 4, Dog days
The fury
