http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p19416 relays
relays
Protective relays : their theory, design, and practical operation
Mast cell mediators in immediate allergic wheal reaction
Computer-aided power systems analysis
Preparations for the virtual relay system MBS 1000
Understanding drug release and absorption mechanisms : a physical and mathematical approach
Protective relaying : principles and applications
Computer relaying for power systems
" On April 26, 1986, the worst nuclear reactor accident in history occurred in Chernobyl and contaminated as much as three quarters of Europe. Voices from Chernobyl is the first book to present personal accounts of the tragedy. Journalist Svetlana Alexievich interviewed hundreds of people affected by the meltdown---from innocent citizens to firefighters to those called in to clean up the disaster---and their stories reveal the fear, anger, and uncertainty with which they still live. Comprised of interviews in monologue form, Voices from Chernobyl is a crucially important work, unforgettable in its emotional power and honesty. " -- (Picador)
Electric relays : principles and applications
Quantitative data analysis with SPSS release 8 for Windows : a guide for social scientists
Engineers' relay handbook
Hypothalamic peptide hormones and pituitary regulation : proceedings of the Workshop on Peptide-Releasing Hormones held in Bethesda, Md., November 1-2, 1976
Circadian and histaminergic regulation of the sleep-wakefulness cycle
The fifties
Decoding and lossy forwarding based multiple access relaying
Mutant ryanodine receptors in catecholaminergic polymorphic ventricular tachycardia generate delayed afterdepolarizations due to increased propensity to Ca2+ waves
Targeted delivery of pesticides using biodegradable polymeric nanoparticles
Time synchronizatiuon and signal accurancy in protection ralays
Slow-release fertilizer to increase grain N content in spring wheat
Aberrant intracellular calcium cycling in the heart : mechanistic insights into catecholaminergic polymorphic ventricular tachycardia and heart failure
Life Cycle Assessment Guideline for Protection Relay : 615 series
Protection of electricity distribution networks
Chernobyl : consequences of the catastrophe for people and the environment
Ion channel gene variants predisposing to severe human ventricular arrhythmias
Power system relaying
Cooperative communications and networking : technologies and system design
REMOTE CONTROLLED CAR HEATER USING A RASPBERRY PI
Protective relay principles
The brief is the first to focus exclusively on environmentally friendly delivery of pesticides (controlled-release nanoparticulate formulation of pesticides using biodegradable polymers as carriers). The brief also introduces pesticides like Chlorpyrifos and biodegradable polymers like guar-gum. The brief will be extremely useful to the researchers in the field of agrochemicals and will be equally useful for advanced professionals in the field of biology, chemistry, environmental biology, entomology and horticulture.
Prevention of transportation and handling defects and development of reel packing for UPM Base Papers Tervasaari
Abstract.
The gastrin-ECL cell axis : functional aspects
Water-swelling tablets based on hydrophobically modified poly (acrylic acid) : effects of amphiphiles on swelling and drug release
Compatibility of traditional earth fault protection functions for long cable feeders in compensated networks
In Situ Formation of Steroidal Supramolecular Gels Designed for Drug Release
Inband relaying in long term evolution-advanced networks
Histamine liberation and cardiovascular responses to neuromuscular blocking drugs
Electric motors and control systems
RF-relay test
Electronic devices on discrete components for industrial and power engineering
Digital protection relaying in nuclear power plants
IEC 61850 Demonstration System with Netcon 500 and VAMP protection relays
Low grain protein often restricts the use of grain lots for milling in Finland. Nitrogen availability during grain-filling may restrict grain protein accumulation, particularly in high yielding environments. Slow-release fertilizers could potentially sustain nitrogen availability during the grain-filling period. The aim of this study was to increase plant nitrogen uptake, grain yield and grain protein response of spring wheat cultivar "Amaretto", using combinations of a regular and slow-release compound NPK fertilizer. Fertilizer treatment effects on grain yield was modest, however, slow-release fertilizer treatments lowered grain protein content as well as grain, straw and total plant N compared with control treatment. The total plant N was 10 to 27 kg ha-1 lower following application of slow-release fertilizer. The results clearly indicate that the release of N by the slow-release fertilizer tested in this trial was too slow for cool Finnish growing conditions.
Motor protection with REM 615 machine terminal
Inorganic controlled release technology : materials and concepts for advanced drug formulation
Cyber and electromagnetic threats in modern relay protection
Visualization of protection relay functions
Power system protection
Numerical distance protection : principles and application
Design of test system for generation of harmonic sinusoids
Applications for SIPROTEC protection relays
Non-steroidal regulators in reproductive biology and medicine : proceedings of a satellite symposium to the 8th International Congress of Pharmacology, Tokyo, July 1981
Advanced RF MEMS
In vivo microdialysis as a tool to study the release of histamine and cyclic GMP in the rat brain
What keeps us awake? : the role of the ascending arousal systems in the regulation of sleep and wakefulness mediated by the basal forebrain
Pilot protective relaying
Protection relays : theory and testing
GPIB controller for relays
Digital protection for power systems
An Information Systems Design Theory for Integrated Requirements and Release Management Systems
Voices from Chernobyl : the oral history of a nuclear disaster
Online product tutorial for ABB protection relays
Instrument Transformer Dimensioning for Substations
"This book will introduce the reader to a broad range of motor types and control systems. It provides an overview of electric motor operation, selection, installation, control and maintenance. The text covers Electrical Code references applicable to the installation of new control systems and motors, as well as information on maintenance and troubleshooting techniques.  It includes coverage of how motors operate in conjunction with their associated control circuitry.  Both older and newer motor technologies are examined. Topics covered range from motor types and controls to installing and maintaining conventional controllers, electronic motor drives and programmable logic controllers." -- Publisher's description.
Power system protection. Vol. 1, Principles and components
Protective relaying theory and applications
Neurogenic control of blood flow and histamine release in psoriatic skin
Modified-release drug delivery technology
Reformation of the test rack
Logo! : practical training
Neuronal histamine and H3 receptor in alcohol-related behaviors : focus on the interaction with the dopaminergic system
Chemistry of hypothalamic hormones : structure-activity relationship studies on thyroliberin and investigations of the inhibition of an oxotremorine-induced tremor by melanostatin
