http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p19499 social innovations
social innovations
Market rebels : how activists make or break radical innovations
Innovation in public sector services : entrepreneurship, creativity and management
A Business Enabling Network:a case study of a high-tech network; its concepts, elements and actors
Tourism and entrepreneurship : international perspectives
The Lexus and the olive tree
New frontiers in social innovation research
Activating Fengxi retirees' life through service co-design : a design proposal and challenges
The world is flat : a brief history of the twenty-first century
Digital Innovation Playbook : creating a transformative customer experience
"A book that makes the case for evolution over design and skewers a widespread but dangerous myth: that we have ultimate control over our world"--
Globalization and integrated area development in European cities
Human centered design toolkit
Innovation of European vocational education and training : learning in inter-organisational partnerships and networks
Social innovation in the private sector : evaluating the effectiveness of the business model canvas in fostering social value creation
Offers readers a how-to guide for harnessing the power of exponential technologies, moonshot thinking, and crowd-powered tools to create wealth while also positively impacting the lives of billions.
The event of organisational entrepreneurship : disrupting the reigning order and creating new spaces for play and innovation
The power of unreasonable people : how social entrepreneurs create markets that change the world
How to change the world : social entrepreneurs and the power of new ideas
Co creating [sic] : the future suburb
SMEs, entrepreneurship and innovation
Social innovations in the urban context
Social innovation - the whole is greater than the sun of its parts
Adding values : the cultural side of innovation
Designing here/now : a global selection of objects, concepts and spaces for the future
The technological transformation of Japan : from the senventeenth to the twenty-first century
Social entrepreneurship : new models of sustainable social change
"One might wonder what a single-chamber parliament, dish drying cabinets and text messaging have in common. Or what the link is between maternity packs, xylitol, the sauna and free school meals. The answer is simple: they are all Finnish social innovations. In Finland, as elsewhere, technical inventions have hogged all the economic limelight, but it is only recently that social innovations have been highlighted as the foundation of societal harmony. Gender equality, free education, universal social security and parliamentary democracy, and the consequent social stability they create, have secured Finland's welfare. This book, which is both serious and entertaining, presents 100 Finnish social innovations." -- (Back Cover)
Leading public sector innovation : co-creating for a better society
Reinventing the local in tourism : producing, consuming and negotiating place
Diffusion of social innovations across the borders : social sector cooperation with the Republic of Karelia
Relationship competence for healthcare management : peer to peer
"While Alec Ross was working as Hillary Clinton's Senior Advisor on Innovation, he traveled to forty-one countries. He visited some of the toughest places in the world--from refugee camps of Congo to Syrian war zones. From phone-charger stands in eastern Congo to R&D labs in South Korea, Ross has seen what the future holds. Over the past two decades, the Internet has radically changed markets and businesses worldwide. In The Industries of the Future, Ross shows us what's next, highlighting the best opportunities for progress and explaining why countries thrive or sputter. He examines the specific fields that will most shape our economic future over the next ten years, including cybercrime and cybersecurity, the commercialization of genomics, the next step for big data, and the coming impact of digital technology on money, payments, and markets. And in each of these realms, Ross addresses the toughest questions: How will we have to adapt to the changing nature of work? Is the prospect of cyberwar sparking the next arms race? How can the world's rising nations hope to match Silicon Valley in creating their own innovation hotspots? Ross blends storytelling and economic analysis to give a vivid and informed perspective on how sweeping global trends are affecting the ways we live, incorporating the insights of leaders ranging from tech moguls to defense experts. The Industries of the Future takes the intimidating, complex topics that many of us know to be important and boils them down into clear, plain-spoken language. This is an essential work for understanding how the world works--now and tomorrow--and a must-read for businesspeople, in every sector, from every country"--
Cities by design : the social life of urban form
Understanding and measuring social entrepreneurship
Social innovation : blurring boundaries to reconfigure markets
Using social media to boost Indo-European research & innovation
Cases in innovative nonprofits : organizations that make a difference
Humanizing the web : change and social innovation
Do good well : your guide to leadership, action, and social innovation
Sound moves : iPod culture and urban experience
Citizen marketers : when people are the message
"The New York Times bestselling author of The Rational Optimist and Genome returns with a fascinating, brilliant argument for evolution that definitively dispels a dangerous, widespread myth: that we can command and control our world.The Evolution of Everything is about bottom-up order and its enemy, the top-down twitch--the endless fascination human beings have for design rather than evolution, for direction rather than emergence. Drawing on anecdotes from science, economics, history, politics and philosophy, Matt Ridley's wide-ranging, highly opinionated opus demolishes conventional assumptions that major scientific and social imperatives are dictated by those on high, whether in government, business, academia, or morality. On the contrary, our most important achievements develop from the bottom up. Patterns emerge, trends evolve. Just as skeins of geese form Vs in the sky without meaning to, and termites build mud cathedrals without architects, so brains take shape without brain-makers, learning can happen without teaching and morality changes without a plan.Although we neglect, defy and ignore them, bottom-up trends shape the world. The growth of technology, the sanitation-driven health revolution, the quadrupling of farm yields so that more land can be released for nature--these were largely emergent phenomena, as were the Internet, the mobile phone revolution, and the rise of Asia. Ridley demolishes the arguments for design and effectively makes the case for evolution in the universe, morality, genes, the economy, culture, technology, the mind, personality, population, education, history, government, God, money, and the future.As compelling as it is controversial, authoritative as it is ambitious, Ridley's stunning perspective will revolutionize the way we think about our world and how it works"--
My dear kitchen in Helsinki : explorations on a community of practice using food, cooking and blogging
Equal opportunities for all : delivering the Lisbon strategy through social innovation and transnational cooperation
Technical artefacts : an ontological investigation of technology
Abstract: Haptices and haptemes : a case study of developmental process in touch-based communication of acquired deafblind people.
Innovation design : creating value for people, organizations and society
This book addresses the practice of social innovation, which is currently very much in the public eye. New ideas and approaches are needed to tackle the severe and wicked problems with which contemporary societies are struggling. Especially in times of economic crisis, social innovation is regarded as one of the crucial elements needed to move forward. Our knowledge of its dynamics has significantly progressed, thanks to an abundance of studies on social innovation both general and sector-specific. However, despite the valuable research conducted over the past years, the systematic analysis of social innovation is still contested and incomplete. The questions asked in the book will be the following: 1. What is the nature of social innovations? 2.What patterns can be identified in social innovations emerging at the local level? 3.How is the emergence and spread of social innovations related to urban governance? More precisely, which conditions and arrangements facilitate and hinders social innovation? We explore these questions using different types of data and methods, and studying different contexts. In particular, we focus on innovations that aim at solving problems of the young unemployed, single parents and migrants. This analysis is based on original research carried out in the period 2010-2013 in the framework of a European project with a specific empirical research strategy. Research was carried out in 20 cities in 10 different European countries.
Understanding social entrepreneurship : the relentless pursuit of mission in an ever changing world
Innovation in social welfare and human services
℗Social Innovation is becoming an increasingly important topic in our global society. Those organizations which are able to develop business solutions to the most urgent social and ecological challenges will be the leading companies of tomorrow. Social Innovation not only creates value for society but will be a key driver for business success. Although the concept of Social Innovation is discussed globally the meaning and its impact on the development of new business strategies is still heavily on debate. This publication has the goal to give a comprehensive overview of different concepts in t.
From bestselling author and Internet pioneer Steven Johnson, an essential book for anyone interested in innovation: the key texts on the topic from a wide range of fields as well as interviews with successful, real-world innovators, prefaced with an original essay from Johnson that draws upon his own experiences as an entrepreneur and author. In The Innovator's Cookbook, Johnson compiles the best and most influential foundational texts and essays from field leaders including Stewart Brand, Clayton Christensen, Richard Florida, Teresa Amabile, Peter Drucker, Amar Bhide, and many more. New conversations on innovation from Ray Ozzie (former chief software architect at Microsoft), Beth Noveck, Jon Schnur, Katie Salen, Tom Kelley, and Brian Eno are included. Innovation is today's buzzword for a reason. The need to push forward, find new paths and new ideas in an ever-evolving world, is a vital part of business, of education, of politics, of our daily lives. Building on the success of Johnson's Where Good Ideas Come From -- one of the most acclaimed business books of 2010 -- The Innovator's Cookbook makes a major new contribution to this vital conversation.
Innovative learning measures for older workers
Collective creativity for resbonsible and sustainable business practice
Service design with theory : discussions on change, value and methods
This book is a translated version of her PhD, rewritten to make it accessible for worldwide publication. It documents the 16-years of practical research which underlies these new methods. Haptices and Haptemes is a part of the Social-Haptic Communication philosophy which explores how the humanistic qualities of touch can be applied to different client groups. This includes people who need to develop touch-based communication methods in healthcare and educational settings. It recognises the importance of body language and environmental information in a visual context, allowing greater interactive process between clients and their families in an expanding community.
Higher education institutions and innovation in the knowledge society
In demand : career guidance in EU neighbouring countries
"The Twenty-First-Century Media Industry is well worth reading not only for its broad scope but also for the timeliness of the chapters. Readers will come away with a clear conceptual map of the changing media landscape as well as a detailed understanding of the challenges of the years ahead in forging a new business model, or set of business models, for media operating in the digital age."---John V. Pavlik, Rutgers University" "The Twenty-First-Century Media Industry provides an intriguing examination into the role that new media technologies are having on the traditional media industry from a media management perspective. Consumers' behaviors and expectations are being shaped by new media technologies. They now expect information on demand and on the go as well as at their fingertips via the Internet. In order to stay relevant and competitive, traditional media managers and practitioners are developing new business models and new business philosophies. The volume contributors explore the business strategies being implemented by some media industries, such as newspapers, mobile phones, cinema, broadcasting, and the recording industry, which are struggling not only to remain competitive and profitable but simply to survive. The Twenty-First-Century Media Industry will be a valuable resource for those scholars interested in the emerging role of new media technologies and the new media industry as it evolves in the twenty-first century"--BOOK JACKET.
Helsinki beyond dreams : actions towards a creative and sustainable hometown
Digital discourse : language in the new media
The innovator's cookbook : essentials for inventing what is next
The twenty-first-century media industry : economic and managerial implications in the age of new media
Social entrepreneurship : what everyone needs to know
The new pioneers : sustainable business success through social innovation and social entrepreneurship
Bold : how to go big, achieve success, and impact the world
Effective social intranet : case: Mobile Routing business unit, Tellabs
The open book of social innovation
Process-oriented dynamic capabilities : framework development, empirical applications and methodological support
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
Social capital and institutional quality as factors of innovation : evidence from Europe
Social media in business-to-business companies' innovation
The new economics of sustainable consumption : seeds of change
Inviting lead users from virtual communities to co-create : innovative IS services in a structured groupware environment
Implementation of two service integration innovations in home care: contradictions and bright spots
The international handbook on social innovation : collective action, social learning and transdisciplinary research
Can neighbourhoods save the city? : community development and social innovation
What's new? : a closer look at the process of innovation
Social innovation and sustainable rural development
Challenge social innovation : potentials for business, social entrepreneurship, welfare and civil society
Green care : for human therapy, social innovation, rural economy, and education
Shifting to "big picture" design? : discursive explorations of emerging conceptions of design orientated towards social complexity
Agents of change : strategy and tactics for social innovation
Service innovations in elderly care and ambient assisted living
Innovation in social services : the public-private mix in service provision, fiscal policy and employment
The evolution of everything : how new ideas emerge
Social innovations, institutional change and economic performance : making sense of structural adjustment processes in industrial sectors, regions and societies
Social entrepreneurship for the 21st century : innovation across the nonprofit, private, and public sectors
The social innovation imperative : create winning products, services, and programs that solve society's most pressing challenges
Design, when everybody designs : an introduction to design for social innovation
Rippling : how social entrepreneurs spread innovation throughout the world
The tacit signal method in human competence based organization performance development
Design when social enterprises arise : design for sustainable development in Guatemala through social enterprises
100 social innovations from Finland
Health, technology and society : a sociological critique
From social butterfly to engaged citizen : urban informatics, social media, ubiquitous computing, and mobile technology to support citizen engagement
The power of social innovation : how civic entrepreneurs ignite community networks for good
Communication of innovations : a cross-cultural approach
Social innovation : solutions for a sustainable future
We-think : [mass innovation, not mass production]
Could a cooperation network between Finnish universities advance adoption and success of Green Office environmental management system?
Spanish America, 1900-1970 : tradition and social innovation
Innovation and entrepreneurship / John Bessant and Joe Tidd
A journey through alternative ways of living : a design approach for scaling up grassroots initiatives torwards sustainability
Travel connections : tourism, technology, and togetherness in a mobile world
"Leading innovation expert Alec Ross explains what's next for the world, mapping out the advances and stumbling blocks that will emerge in the next ten years--for businesses, governments, and the global community--and how we can navigate them.  While Alec Ross was working as Hillary Clinton's Senior Advisor on Innovation, he traveled to forty-one countries. He visited some of the toughest places in the world--from refugee camps of Congo to Syrian war zones. From phone-charger stands in eastern Congo to R&D labs in South Korea, Ross has seen what the future holds.  Over the past two decades, the Internet has radically changed markets and businesses worldwide. In The Industries of the Future, Ross shows us what's next, highlighting the best opportunities for progress and explaining why countries thrive or sputter. He examines the specific fields that will most shape our economic future over the next ten years, including cybercrime and cybersecurity, the commercialization of genomics, the next step for big data, and the coming impact of digital technology on money, payments, and markets. And in each of these realms, Ross addresses the toughest questions: How will we have to adapt to the changing nature of work? Is the prospect of cyberwar sparking the next arms race? How can the world's rising nations hope to match Silicon Valley in creating their own innovation hotspots?   Ross blends storytelling and economic analysis to give a vivid and informed perspective on how sweeping global trends are affecting the ways we live, incorporating the insights of leaders ranging from tech moguls to defense experts. The Industries of the Future takes the intimidating, complex topics that many of us know to be important and boils them down into clear, plain-spoken language. This is an essential work for understanding how the world works--now and tomorrow--and a must-read for businesspeople, in every sector, from every country"--
Technological communities and networks : triggers and drivers for innovation
Materiality and organizing : social interaction in a technological world
The many faces of social enterprise : published for the Research Conference on Social Enterprise, arranged by FinSern on 14 November 2013.
Haptices and haptemes : a case study of developmental process in social-haptic communication of acquired deafblind people
The role of ICT in the value co-creation process
Online territories : globalization, mediated practice, and social space
Social innovation and territorial development
The industries of the future
Local harvest sharing organizations : understanding the sharing model
