http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p19410 heterogeneity
heterogeneity
An exploratory comparative study of the relationship between ethnic heterogeneity and welfare politics
The aesthetics of movement : variations on Gilles Deleuze and Merce Cunningham
Spatial processes in ecology and evolution, and implications for conservation
Biodiversity under threat
Technoculture and critical theory : in the service of the machine?
The ecological consequences of environmental heterogeneity : The 40th symposium of British Ecological Society
Seeing otherwise : renegotiating religion and democracy as questions for education
Swedish summary.
Beggars can't be choosers? : voter heterogeneity and the degree of competitiviness in electoral authoritarian regimes
"Attempts by ecologists to establish models for predicting the growth of a population or the fluctuations of a natural resource can be confounded by environmental heterogeneity. Spatio-Temporal Heterogeneity explores a range of available statistical methods to help ecologists in the attempt to unravel complexities, demonstrating how to place these changes into an understandable statistical framework. It addresses several key questions, including how to interpret the parameters of statistical models in relation to the biological and environmental realities, how to design a study to collect the best sample data and how to avoid pitfalls in modelling, design, statistical assessment and interpretation. Dutilleul uses a variety of examples to facilitate understanding, from plant ecology, earth and atmospheric sciences, animal biology, forestry and limnology. The accompanying CD-ROM contains MATLAB and SAS codes to aid analyses".
Modeling social heterogeneity, neighbourhoods and local influences on urban real estate prices : spatiel dynamic analyses in the Belo Horizonte metropolitan area, Brazil
The size of nations
Summary.
"In recent decades ethnic conflict has killed many millions and diminished the lives of many more. In Ethnic Conflicts: Their Biological Roots in Ethnic Nepotism Tatu Vanhanen turns his attention to this vital subject following his ground-breaking studies of democratization and economic development.This is a replication on the global stage of his widely cited 1991 study of ethnic conflict in India. It is an evolutionary analysis that combines nuance and quantitative rigor. Vanhanen's starting assumption, that all humans share a common human nature in which nepotism can extend to ethnic kin, is already far ahead of culture-based analyses. Marshalling data on 176 contemporary societies, Vanhanen finds that 66% of global variation in ethnic conflict is explained by heterogeneity. This is the sort of robust result that comes from using palpable biological variables. There are many other causes of ethnic conflict but none as strong as ethnic diversity. Per capita income, level of human development, and level of democratization explain only between 6% and 16% of variation. Vanhanen concludes that because the predisposition to ethnic nepotism is engraved in the human genome, ethnic conflict will continue into the future." --Publisher's description.
Ecosystem function in heterogeneous landscapes
Dissecting genetic variation in European Scots pine (<em>Pinus sylvestris</em> L.):special emphasis on polygenic adaptation
Effects of environmental variation on ecological and evolutionary dynamics
Reconciling the differences between Sanderson's and Vanhanen's results
Space reader : heterogeneous space in architecture
Dissociation and heterogeneity in high hypnotic suggestibility
Trade openness, heterogeneity and growth
Spatio-temporal heterogeneity : concepts and analyses
Odonata species richness in river habitats - area, habitat, heterogeneity and energy
Ecological heterogeneity
Regional characterization of reconstruction noise in maximum likelihood estimates in static and dynamic PET : towards quantitative tissue heterogeneity studies
Farmland birds and habitat heterogeneity in intensively cultivated boreal agricultural landscapes
Genetic heterogeneity and functional properties of intestinal bifidobacteria
Phenotypic plasticity : functional and conceptual approaches
Ethnic Conflicts : their biological roots in ethnic nepotism
Towards an equitable classroom : cooperative learning in intercultural education in Europe : final report of the Cooperative Learning in Intercultural Education Project (CLIP)
Genetic heterogeneity in Scandinavia : not only the Sami
Childhood absence epilepsy : an epidemiological, neuropsychological and molecular genetic study
The environmental dimension of multifunctionality : economic analysis and implications for policy design
Company heterogeneity and mark-up variability
