http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p19442 calvinism
calvinism
The Reformation : faith and flames
Paradise postponed : Johann Heinrich [Alsted] and the birth of Calvinist millenarianism
Post-Reformation reformed dogmatics : the rise and development of reformed orthodoxy, ca. 1520 to ca. 1725. Volume 2, Holy Scripture : the cognitive foundation of theology
The Cambridge companion to John Calvin
Brethren in Christ : a Calvinist network in Reformation Europe
Theology and early modern philosophy (1550-1750)
A bibliography of Calviniana 1959-1974
Adultery and divorce in Calvin's Geneva
In God's custody, the Church, a history of divine protection : a study of John Calvin's ecclesiology based on his commentary on the Minor Prophets
"The Reformation: A Brief History is a succinct and engaging introduction to the origins and history of the Protestant Reformation. A rich overview of the Reformation, skillfully blending social, political, religious and theological dimensions A clearly and engagingly written narrative which draws on the latest and best scholarship Includes the history of the Reformation in Scandinavia and Eastern Europe, areas that are rarely covered in any detail The Reformation is placed in the context of the entire history of Christianity to draw out its origins, impetus, and legacy "--
The legacy of Jonathan Edwards : American religion and the evangelical tradition
A great deal of scholarship has too often juxtaposed scholasticism and piety, resulting in misunderstandings of the relationship between Protestant churches of the early modern era and the theology taught in their schools. But more recent scholarship, especially conducted by Richard A. Muller over the last number of decades, has remapped the lines of continuity and discontinuity in the relation of church and school. This research has produced a more methodologically nuanced and historically accurate representation of church and school in early modern Protestantism. Written by leading scholars of early modern Protestant theology and history and based on research using the most relevant original sources, this collection seeks to broaden our understanding of how and why clergy were educated to serve the church. Contributors include: Yuzo Adhinarta, Willem van Asselt, Irena Backus, Jordan J. Ballor, J. Mark Beach, Andreas Beck, Joel R. Beeke, Lyle D. Bierma, Raymond A. Blacketer, James E. Bradley, Dariusz M. Bryćko, Amy Nelson Burnett, Emidio Campi, Heber Carlos de Campos Jr, Kiven Choy, R. Scott Clark, Paul Fields, John V. Fesko, Paul Fields, W. Robert Godfrey, Alan Gomes, Albert Gootjes, Chad Gunnoe, Aza Goudriaan, Fred P. Hall, Byung-Soo (Paul) Han, Nathan A. Jacobs, Frank A. James III, Martin Klauber, Henry Knapp, Robert Kolb, Mark J. Larson, Brian J. Lee, Karin Maag, Benjamin T.G. Mayes, Andrew M. McGinnis, Paul Mpindi, Adriaan C. Neele, Godfried Quaedtvlieg, Sebastian Rehnman, Todd Rester, Gregory D. Schuringa, Herman Selderhuis, Donald Sinnema, Keith Stanglin, David Steinmetz, David Sytsma, Yudha Thianto, John L. Thompson, Carl Trueman, Theodore G. Van Raalte, Cornelis Venema, Timothy Wengert, Reita Yazawa, Jeongmo Yoo, and Jason Zuidema.
The origins of Calvin's theology of music, 1536-1543
Abraham Kuyper : a short and personal introduction
Thirty letters to Calvin, preacher to the Genevans & Sixty signs of the kingdom of the Antichrist and his revelation which is now at hand (from The restoration of Christianity, 1553)
Post-Reformation reformed dogmatics : the rise and development of reformed orthodoxy, ca. 1520 to ca. 1725. Volume 4, The triunity of God
Calvin's Christology
Image and word in the theology of John Calvin
Faith lies at the heart of human life, and not just in religious contexts. But just what is faith? In this book William Lad Sessions ventures a new approach to this age-old problem. Viewing it in global terms, he provides an effective and insightful set of analytical tools for deepening our understanding of the ideas of belief.
Christianity and civil society : Catholic and neo-Calvinist perspectives
Calvin and Luther : the continuing relationship
Divinity compromised : a study of divine accommodation in the thought of John Calvin
The wake of iconoclasm : painting the church in the Dutch republic
The Protestant ethic and the spirit of capitalism
David Martyn Lloyd-Jones : the fight of faith 1939-1981
The God who commands
Grace and gratitude : the eucharistic theology of John Calvin
Reformation Europe
Paving the way for revolution : Calvinism and the struggle for a democratic constitutional state
The revolution of the saints : a study in the origins of radical politics
International Calvinism 1541-1715
Post-Reformation reformed dogmatics : the rise and development of reformed orthodoxy, ca. 1520 to ca. 1725. Volume 3, The divine essence and attributes
Calvinism in Europe, 1540-1620
Explores the relationship between art and religion after the iconoclasm of the Dutch Reformation. Reassesses Dutch realism and its pictorial strategies in relation to the religious and political diversity of the Dutch cities.
The reception of Calvinistic thought in England
The young Calvin
Antwerp in the age of Reformation : underground Protestantism in a commercial metropolis, 1550-1577
Sufficient saving grace : John Wesley's evangelical arminianism
"In 1517, the actions of a simple monk ushered in a period of unparalleled religious and political upheaval. The Reformation: A Brief History provides a succinct yet comprehensive introduction to this extraordinary period, showing how and why the Protestant Reformation arose and unfolded. In this rich account, the author skillfully blends social history, religious and theological ideas with economic and political factors. The description is well-rounded, drawing not just on the actions of the main characters, but also the experiences and ideas of ordinary people, the quest for social justice, and the conflicting approaches to Christian unity. The events of the Reformation are placed in the context of Christian history to offer a fuller understanding of the period. The result is a truly engaging narrative that shows the reader exactly what was at stake, and why, as the events unfurled. Accessible, lucid and based on the best of current research, this book offers readers a wonderful overview of one of the most critical periods in Western history"--
The theology of John Calvin
Calvin and English Calvinism to 1649
Calvinism and religious toleration in the Dutch Golden Age
American sociology : worldly rejections of religion and their directions
High Calvinists in action : Calvinism and the city, Manchester and London, c. 1810-1860
John Calvin's exegesis of the Old Testament
The Reformation : a brief history
The reformation : critical concepts in historical studies. Vol.2
Calvinism and the arts : a re-assessment
The right to heresy : Castellio against Calvin
Institutes of the Christian religion : 1541 French edition
The genesis of capitalism and the origins of modernity
Christ's churches purely reformed : a social history of Calvinism
Calvin and the consolidation of the Genevan Reformation
Theological epistemology of contemporary American confessional reformed apologetics
"This book examines the social, political and religious relationships between Calvinists and Catholics during Holland's Golden Age. Although Holland, the largest province of the Dutch Republic, was officially Calvinist, its population was one of the most religiously heterogeneous in early modern Europe. The Catholic Church was officially disestablished in the 1570s, yet by the 1620s Catholicism underwent a revival, flourishing in a semi-clandestine private sphere. The book focuses on how Reformed Protestants dealt with this revived Catholicism, arguing that confessional coexistence between Calvinists and Catholics operated within a number of contiguous and overlapping social, political and cultural spaces. The result was a paradox: a society that was at once Calvinist and pluralist. Christine Kooi maps the daily interactions between people of different faiths and examines how religious boundaries were negotiated during an era of tumultuous religious change"--
The protestant ethic and the spirit of capitalism
God's twofold love : the theology of Jacob Arminius (1559-1609)
The reformation of community : social welfare and Calvinist charity in Holland, 1572-1620
The reformation : critical concepts in historical studies. Vol. 4
The legacy of John Calvin : papers presented at the 12th Colloquium of the Calvin Studies Society, April 22-24, 1999, Union Theological Seminary and Presbyterian School of Christian Education, Richmond, Virginia
A theological guide to Calvin's Institutes : essays and analysis
Calvinus pastor ecclesiae : papers of the Eleventh International Congress on Calvin Research
Grace, faith, free will : contrasting views of salvation : Calvinism and Arminianism
Calvinism : a very short introduction
Sacraments of freedom : ecumenical essays on creation and sacrament - justification and freedom
The reformation : critical concepts in historical studies. Vol. 3
Calvinus Sacrae Scripturae professor = Calvin as confessor of Holy Scripture : die Referate des Congrès international des recherches calviniennes, International Congress on Calvin Research, Internationalen Kongresses für Calvinforschung, vom 20. bis 23. August 1990 in Grand Rapids
Even the Calvin celebrations 2009 presented Reformation as it is: international, ecumenical, multifarious – even more that just Martin Luther. These essays of renowned theologians focus on Lutheranism debating about the arising Calvinism. With contributions by Irene Dingel, Matthias Freudenberg, Wim Janse, Robert Kolb, Martin Leiner, Volker Leppin und Herman Selderhuis.
In Calvin's Company of Pastors, Scott Manetsch examines the pastoral theology and practical ministry activities of Geneva's reformed ministers from the time of Calvin's arrival in Geneva until the beginning of the seventeenth century.
Predestination, policy and polemic : conflict and consensus in the English church from the Reformation to the civil war
The elect Methodists : Calvinistic Methodism in England and Wales, 1735-1811
Women, freedom, and Calvin : the 1983 Annie Kinkead Warfield lectures
Accepted and renewed in Christ : the "Twofold Grace of God" and the interpretation of Calvin's theology
Revelation, redemption, and response : Calvin's trinitarian understanding of the divine-human relationship
The reformation : critical concepts in historical studies. Vol.1
Shapers of English Calvinism, 1660-1714 : variety, persistence, and transformation
Ad fontes : historiese, theologiese en wetenskaps-filosofiese studies binne reformatoriese kader : Festschrift vir Ludi F. Schulze
Heinrich Bullinger and the covenant : the other reformed tradition
John Calvin on the visions of Ezekiel : historical and hermeneutical studies in John Calvin's "Sermons inédits", especially on Ezek. 36-48
John Calvin and the Church : a prism of reform
The concept of faith : a philosophical investigation
Calvin and the independence of the church
Poor relief and Protestantism : the evolution of social welfare in sixteenth-century Emden
This is my body : the presence of Christ in Reformation thought
Elect in the Son
Arminius, Arminianism, and Europe : Jacobus Arminius (1559/60-1609)
Herman Speelman deals with a central question in the intellectual history of the sixteenth century: to what extent can Calvin be regarded as responsible for the tendency in Calvinism or, broader, in Reformed Protestantism, to form a church which has its own ecclesiastical organization and office bearers? So far, claiming a great deal of independence for the church has been considered an important aspect of Calvin's legacy. In this line of reasoning, it is assumed that Calvin was a strong opponent of the church as a state organization that did not have its own governing body and power of excommunication. To better understand this issue, we first examine the position of the church within the city-state of Bern. Secondly, we direct our attention to the manner in which Calvin gave form to ecclesiastical life in Geneva. Next we deal with the church in France, and finally, we examine the influence of Calvin and French Calvinism on the organization of the Reformed church in The Netherlands in the 1570s.
Erroneous and schismatical opinions : the question of orthodoxy regarding the theology of Hanserd Knollys (c. 1599-1691)
Why I am not a Calvinist
The unaccommodated Calvin : studies in the foundation of a theological tradition
Calvin and Augustine
John Calvin and the reformation of the refugees
Alvin Plantinga and Christian apologetics
The Reformation
Calvinism, communion and the Baptists : a study of English Calvinistic Baptists from the late 1600s to the early 1800s
The epistles of Paul the Apostle to the Galatians, Ephesians, Philippians and Colossians
John Calvin's American legacy
David Martyn Lloyd-Jones : the first forty years, 1899-1939
Church and school in early modern Protestantism : studies in honor of Richard A. Muller on the maturation of a theological tradition
The Protestant ethic turns 100 : essays on the centenary of the Weber thesis
"This briskly told history of Reformed Protestantism takes these churches through their entire 500-year history--from sixteenth-century Zurich and Geneva to modern locations as far flung as Seoul and São Paulo. D. G. Hart explores specifically the social and political developments that enabled Calvinism to establish a global presence. Hart's approach features significant episodes in the institutional history of Calvinism that are responsible for its contemporary profile. He traces the political and religious circumstances that first created space for Reformed churches in Europe and later contributed to Calvinism's expansion around the world. He discusses the effects of the American and French Revolutions on ecclesiastical establishments as well as nineteenth- and twentieth-century communions, particularly in Scotland, the Netherlands, the United States, and Germany, that directly challenged church dependence on the state. Raising important questions about secularization, religious freedom, privatization of faith, and the place of religion in public life, this book will appeal not only to readers with interests in the history of religion but also in the role of religion in political and social life today"--
The culture of Protestantism in early modern Scotland
Calvin at the centre
Calvin : a biography
The faith and fortunes of France's Huguenots, 1600-85
The Genevan reformation and the American founding
Post-Reformation reformed dogmatics : the rise and development of reformed orthodoxy, ca. 1520 to ca. 1725. Volume 1, Prolegomena to theology
John Calvin's ideas
Contours of a Christian philosophy : an introduction to Herman Dooyeweerd's thought
John Calvin and the grounding of interpretation : Calvin's first commentarties
Calvin, participation, and the gift : the activity of believers in union with Christ
Calvinism : a history
Calvinists and Catholics during Holland's golden age : heretics and idolaters
Socinianism and Arminianism : Antitrinitarians, Calvinists, and cultural exchange in seventeenth-century Europe
Disputation by decree : the public disputations between reformed ministers and Dirck Volckertszoon Coornhert as instruments of religious policy during the Dutch Revolt (1577-1583)
In honor of John Calvin, 1509-64 : papers from the 1986 International Calvin Symposium McGill University
Faith and rationality : reason and belief in God
The problem with evangelical theology : testing the exegetical foundations of Calvinism, dispensationalism, and Wesleyanism
On time, punctuality, and discipline in early modern Calvinism
Calvin : a brief guide to his life and thought
The influence of Scottish clans and Calvinism on Adam Smith's career and The wealth of nations
The hermeneutics of John Calvin
Christian moderns : freedom and fetish in the mission encounter
Chosen but free : [a balanced view of divine election]
Persecution and pluralism : Calvinists and religious minorities in early modern Europe 1550-1700
Calvin's company of pastors : pastoral care and the emerging Reformed Church, 1536-1609
Life in God : John Calvin, practical formation, and the future of Protestant theology
The reformation of rights : law, religion and human rights in early modern Calvinism
Calvin on the Christian life : glorifying and enjoying God forever
A life of John Calvin : a study in the shaping of Western culture
Dewey Wallace tells the story of several prominent English Calvinist actors and thinkers in the first generations after the beginning of the Restoration, illuminating the religious and intellectual history of the era between the Reformation and modernity.
Choosing death : suicide and Calvinism in early modern Geneva
Calvinism in Europe 1540-1610 : a collection of documents
Rousseau and Geneva : from the first discourse to the social contract, 1749-1762
