http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1947 prosperity
prosperity
The politics of welfare developmentalism in Hong Kong
The sleep revolution : transforming your life, one night at a time
Stereotypic animal behaviour : fundamentals and applications to welfare
Proceedings SUSDEV-CHINA Symposium : sustainable agroecosystem management and development of rural-urban interaction in regions and cities of China
The J-curve is a gamma-curve : initial welfare consequences of price liberalization in Eastern Europe
The Development of Animal Welfare in Finland and How People Perceive Animal Welfare : Case Study: Animals in Tourism: Zoos
Government failure : society, markets and rules
Marginalization and social welfare in China
The wellness workbook : how to achieve enduring health and vitality
Socially sustainable Finland 2020 : strategy for social and health policy
Pupil welfare in Finnish schools : communal or falling apart?
Student ́s variegated well being : A survey of students ́ well being in HUMAK University of Applied Sciences
Challenge to affluence
Man up : surviving modern masculinity
Children's social and emotional wellbeing in schools : a critical perspective
Income-tested transfer programs : the case for and against
Sink or swim : a study of novice English teachers in working life and their job satisfaction
Studies on factors related to life satisfaction : studies on life satisfaction in samples of the general population and depressive patients
Farm sanctuary : changing hearts and minds about animals and food
Indicators relevant to farm animal welfare : a seminar in the CEC programme of coordination of research on animal welfare, organised by Dr. D. Smidt, and held in Mariensee, 9-10 November 1982
Multidisciplinary dialogue : wellbeing, technology and environment : extended abstract book
Highly educated women in Tanzania : constructing educational well-being and agency
The effect of amputation on body image and well-being : a systematic review
Public infrastructures, public consumption, and welfare in a new-open-economy-macro model
Effects of a mindfulness-based intervention on experienced job charachteristics : comparing the intervention group and the control group
Anonymous money, moral sentiments and welfare
The associations of student temperament type, gender and teacher temperament type with adolescent well-being in school
Final declaration : twelve theses of New Delhi
Human well-being and economic goals
Social investment, productivity and poverty : a survey
Wellbeing in developing countries : from theory to research
Autonomy support, basic needs satisfaction, motivation regulation, and well-being among elite level ballet dancers in Russian speaking countries
The body book : the law of hunger, the science of strength, the power of knowledge, and other ways to love your amazing body
Addicted to stress : a woman's 7-step program to reclaim joy and spontaneity in life
The Routledge international handbook to welfare state systems
Elderly people's quality of life in the rural communities of Swaziland
Economic welfare in the Soviet Union : poverty, living standards and inequality
The welfare of sheep
The welfare consequences of strategic voting = De gevolgen van strategisch stemmen voor welvaart
Improving health and welfare of pigs : a handbook for organic pig farmers
Preliminary results on the field study of the social media application enhanced with sensors as the basis for wellbeing monitoring
General equilibrium and welfare
"Social dumping" and delocalization : is there a case for imposing a social clause?
Externalities and welfare
Welfare state transformations : comparative perspectives
The growth of the welfare state
Family needs and societal institutions : potential empirical linkage mechanisms
Life events, predisposing cognitive strategies and well-being
Welfare economics and nonwelfarist values
Subjective well-being in four welfare societies
Towards a sustainable well-being society : building blocks for a new socio-economic model
The Welfare of Children with Mentally Ill Parents examines the interventions made by professional workers from a range of different disciplines in families with dependent children and a mentally ill parent. The authors compare responses of professionals in ten European countries and one state in Australia. The analysis of the differences sheds new light on both the inherent and system-determined difficulties in helping families to manage their situation effectively. Features the only comparative study of mental health social services and the law governing compulsory hospital admission Covers a current "hot-button" topic that is growing in importance as the impact of social policy developments on children over time becomes more apparent Offers a unique perspective due to the focus on the impact of children of mentally ill parents and the international systems that deal with child protection.
What makes you happy? : how small changes can lead to big improvements in your life
Angel detox : taking your life to a higher level through releasing emotional, physical, and energetic toxins
International handbook of psychological well-being in children and adolescents : bridging the gaps between theory, research, and practice
Report of proceedings
Competitiveness, welfare systems and the debate on social competition
Summary in Finnish.
Dimensions of welfare in a comparative Scandinavian study
The gifts of imperfection : let go of who you think you're supposed to be and embrace who you are
This discussion paper is an attempt to lay out a path toward a more sustainable society. It introduces several principles of sustainable well-being that meet the key sustainability challenges of advanced societies. Taken together, these principles form a vision of a sustainable well-being society.In addition, the paper analyzes the changing role of government in the transition towards sustainability. --Publisher's description.
Practice-based perspective on technology acceptance : analyzing bioactive point of care testing
Mother and child welfare in the Rumanian People's Republic
Quality of life and its determinants among allogeneic haematopoietic stem cell transplantation patients and the Finnish population
Ethical aspects related to mental health was the topic of a conference organised by the Nordic Committee on Bioethics in Helsinki in the fall of 2011. This conference summary highlights the main challenges and issues facing researchers, policy makers and practitioners who deal with mental health issues. The committee invited a broad range of experts to talk about the psychological, historical, social, cultural and biological perspectives related to mental health.The heated debates which are taking place in various disciplines on the causes and the best ways for treating various conditions and problems were brought forth in the presentations. The Committee hopes that this summary will serve as a resource to people who are interested in the development of possible ways for tackling mental health problems in the Nordic countries, by identifying some of the key issues involved and the challenges that lay ahead.
Green care : a conceptual framework / editors: Joe Sempik, Rachel Hine, Deborah Wilcox
Social indicators : the EU and social inclusion
Consumer culture, identity and well-being : the search for the "good life" and the "body perfect"
Social indicators are an important tool for evaluating a country's level of social development and for assessing the impact of policy. Such indicators are already in use in investigating poverty and social exclusion in several European countries and have begun to play a significant role in advancing the social dimension of the European Union as a whole. The purpose of this book is to make a scientific contribution to the development of social indicators for the purposes of European policy-making. It considers the principles underlying the construction of policy-relevant indicators, the definition of indicators, and the issues that arise in their implementation, including that of the statistical data required. It seeks to bring together theoretical and methodological methods in the measurement of poverty/social exclusion with the empirical practice of social policy. The experience of Member States is reviewed, including an assessment of the National Action Plans on Social Inclusion submitted for the first time in June 2001 by the fifteen EU governments. The key areas covered by the book are poverty, including its intensity and persistence, income inequality, non-monetary deprivation, low educational attainment, unemployment, joblessness, poor health, poor housing and homelessness, functional illiteracy and innumeracy, and restricted social participation. In each case, the book assesses the strengths and weaknesses of different indicators relevant to social inclusion in the European Union, and makes recommendations for the indicators to be employed. Indicators for Social Inclusion in the European Union is being published at a critical stage in the evolution of the social agenda of the European Union. It is hoped that the report will play a role in widening public debate about the social dimension of Europe and that it will be of value to the social partners, to non-governmental and grass roots organizations, and to those living in poverty and social exclusion. It seeks to provide both a constructive background document at a crucial juncture in the evolution of the social dimension of the European Union and a reference work of continuing value.
Our societies are ageing. The Family is changing. Labour force behaviour is evolving. How is the organisation of family and collective solidarity adapting in this context of longer life spans, low fertility, and work that is simultaneously scarce and abundant? The welfare states are currently facing three main challenges: ensure satisfactory living conditions for the elderly without increasing the cost burden on the active population, reduce social inequality, and maintain equity between successive generations. In this book, researchers from different countries compare their experiences and offer contrasting views on the future of social protection. They consider the theoretical aspects of the intergenerational debate, relations between generations within the family, the living standards of elderly people, and the question of social time.
Reading is not only fun and invigorating, it also has many other positive effects on a person's quality of life and well-being. One of the fundamental missions of public libraries has always been to support people's reading habits and promote literature. A number of surveys pertaining to the use of the library have also indicated that libraries are still a significant part of people's lives in precisely this way.
Collected papers of Kenneth J. Arrow. Vol. 1, Social choice and justice
Employee Well-Being as Competitive Advantage
Detox drinks with juice fasting detoxification & fat burning smoothies : 30 fat burning & detoxification recipes & superfoods like vitality boosting beet juice, apple cider vinegar, wheatgrass, coconut water, ginger root, kefir, cacao, beta carotene & more
Super brain
A welfare model for selecting indicators of national development : paper prepared for the ISSC workshop on models and indicators of national development in Rio de Janeiro, May 9-14, 1972
Varieties of welfare capitalism
What customers really want
Inconsistency in Savings Pattern : Is there an Endogeneity Bias?
The urban monk : Eastern wisdom and modern hacks to stop time and find success, happiness, and peace
Better-off or disadvantaged? : a comparative analysis of the economic well-being of middle-aged and aged households in teh early 1980s and mid-1990s
Volume three of Horticulture - Plants for People and Places analyses in depth the scientific and scholastic concepts interacting with the arts, medicine and humanities which now underpin the rapidly evolving subject of Social Horticulture. This covers: Horticulture and Society, Diet and Health, Psychological Health, Wildlife, Horticulture and Public Welfare, Education, Extension, Economics, Exports and Biosecurity, Scholarship and Art, Scholarship and Literature, Scholarship and History and the relationship between Horticulture and Gardening. This volume takes the evolution of this Discipline firmly into the 21st Century. It breaks new ground by providing a detailed analysis of the value of Horticulture as a force for enhancing society in the form of human welfare, health and well-being. The authors consider how knowledge is transferred within and between generations, and the place of Horticulture in the Arts and Humanities.These studies transcend the barriers between science and the arts. Social benefits of an association with plants include reducing the potential for domestic violence, vandalism, ethnic conflict and crime by building interpersonal social relationships and networks. Two chapters examine the means by which knowledge is delivered and the wider contexts within which Horticultural Education is provided. Understanding the Economics of Horticulture is of paramount importance in justifying public and private financial provisions for the discipline. Biosecurity is not easily achieved because global travel takes new plants, microbes and animals around the world at ever increasing speed. Of particular significance in this volume are the three chapters dealing with aspects of the relationship between Horticulture and scholarship embracing art, literature and history. This is an ancient relationship where Horticultural Science unites with and demonstrates its artistic and historical credentials.Finally, there is an examination of the relationship between Horticulture and Gardening. Culturally gardening has much to do with the relationship between man, plants and the human spirit. It is a truism that 'Horticulture is to English Literature as Gardening is to Theatre'. This book is a sign post for the future of Social Horticulture.
ADHD does not exist : the truth about attention deficit and hyperactivity disorder
In 2013, the Nordic Ministers for the Environment decided to strenghten the measurement of green estimates of welfare and socio-economic developments. The report Making the Environment Count is describing how statistics on the environment and the economy thorugh the System of Environmental-Economic Accounts can be used to enable cross-sectorial analysis. The report proposes indicators that can be compiled annually in a Nordic context through existing statistics linking economic statistics to environmental statistics
Making the environment count : Nordic accounts and indicators for analysing and integrating environment and economy
What are you hungry for? : the Chopra solution to permanent weight loss, well-being, and lightness of soul
In pursuit of the quality of life
The developmental welfare state in Scandinavia : lessons for the developing world
Child perspectives on income and time use  in Finnish families in the 1990s
Subjective well-being of the elderly in Islamabad, Pakistan
The longevity book : live stronger, live better - the art of ageing well
Ages, generations and the social contract : the demographic challenges facing the welfare state
Time budgets of finishing bulls housed in an uninsulated barn or at pasture
Political analysis & public policy : an introduction to political science
Ideology or business : meanings of farm animal welfare in the Finnish Association for Organic Farming
Futures of the health tourism between Northwest Russia and Finland 2030
Social development and public policy : some lessons from successful experiences
[The knowledge production of regional well-being in Northern Finland] : the situation and prospects
Live as you wish and ruin your life : Haybron on unhappiness and well-being
The welfare of pigs
Fertility rate decline in Japan from the perspective of gender inequality and social problems of modern Japanese family
Descriptions of inequality : the Swedish approach to welfare research
Journal Club, a Method to Implement Evidence-based Practice at  Nursing Work
Papers on welfare and growth
National income in dynamic economies
Markets and democracy : exiting the tyranny of the majority
Grandparental love : a challenge or richness?
Work in care for the elderly : combining theories of job design, stress, information processing and organizational cultures
Human geography : a welfare approach
Ethical aspects of mental health
Revisiting the buffers of job insecurity : investigating new buffering factors between perceived job insecurity and employee outcomes
Subjectively evaluated effects of domestic violence on well-being in clinical populations
Power and pauperism : the workhouse system, 1834-1884
An exploration of the psychological immune system in Hungarian gymnasts
Antecedents and consequences of long-term unemployment
Endogenous market transparency and price competition
Unemployment, re-employment, and psychic well-being in Finland
Appraisals of education-related goals during educational transitions in late adolescence : consequences for academic well-being and goal attainment
The wellness syndrome
Health promotion settings : principles and practice
Subjective body awareness, interoceptive accuracy and well-being
Social theory and social welfare
The Swedish model reassessed : affluence despite the welfare state
Using interactive technology to implement activities which promote social, physical and cognitive wellbeing in senior citizens.
Liberalization policies and welfare in a financially repressed economy
Community approaches to child welfare : international perspectives
Soviet social policies : welfare, equality and community
Introduction to Northern Ostrobothnia Region in Finland
Management and welfare of farm animals : UFAW farm handbook
WELL-BEING OF BODY AND SOUL : Fitness and Pampering in Spa Hotel Kivitippu
The beauty detox solution : eat your way to radiant skin, renewed energy, and the body you've always wanted
Subjective wellbeing in regional contexts
This handbook addresses universal developmental and cultural factors contributing to child and adolescent mental health and well-being across the globe. It examines sociocultural contexts of development and identifies children's and adolescents' perspectives as critical to understanding and promoting their psychological well-being. It details the Promoting Psychological Well-Being Globally project's methodology for data collection and analysis, provides cross-cultural analyses of its findings, and offers a practical model for clinicians and other professionals seeking to apply this knowledge to real-life settings. Featured topics include:  Sexual health, gender roles, and psychological well-being in India. Psychological well-being as a new educational boundary in Italy. Mapping psychological well-being in Romania. Youth perspectives on contributing factors to psychological well-being in Sri Lanka. Culturally specific resilience and vulnerability in Tanzania. Longing for a balanced life - the voices of Chinese-American/immigrant youth in the United States. The International Handbook of Psychological Well-Being in Children and Adolescents: Bridging the Gaps Between Theory, Research, and Practice is an invaluable resources for researchers, clinicians, scientist-practitioners, and graduate students in child and school psychology, social work, public health, positive psycholo gy, educational policy and politics, and maternal and child health.
The change of well-being : mediator and moderator effects of depression in Muupu intervention
The economics of welfare
A critique of welfare economics
Health in all policies : prospects and potentials
This book focuses on how EU welfare policies are implemented at the local level in 11 European cities and how local policy making addresses womenś care responsibilities. The book studies the complex combination of and the relationships between local political processes, policies, institutions, structural conditions and outputs, as well as outcomes for the womenś labour market integration. It demonstrates how cultural settings and multi-level governance patterns form the "playground" for local policy makers to formulate their welfare policies concerning service provision. The book further demonstrates how local production systems and the situation of the local labour market influence the prospects that women have in working and caring. EU welfare policy promotes the labour market integration of women as well as gender equality. The provision of adequate care services is vital in supporting womenś employment. Within comparative welfare research, the focus has been on the national welfare systems and policies even if care services are overwhelmingly provided by local authorities that in many EU member states enjoy considerable autonomy. This book fills the gap in understanding local welfare policy making from a comparative perspective.
On calculating welfare losses of taxation and public provision
Scotlands of the future : sustainability in a small nation
Animal welfare in Finland : a national report on animal welfare
Welfare and immigration - the Canadian case
Exploring Adolescents’ Wellness in Etelä-Kymenlaakso Vocational College during Fall Semester 2012
The theory of international economic policy. Vol. 2, Trade and welfare
We introduce a model of price competition with endogenous market transparency, where it is costly for consumers to get informed about the announced prices. We show that there is symmetric mixed strategy equilibrium with a monotonic relationship between the degree of transparency and intensity of competition. Interestingly, we find that there exist multiple equilibria with zero, low and high levels of market transparency with the high level of market transparency being the stable equilibrium. Once comparing the stable equilibrium with the welfare maximizing one we find that the private market solution entails excessive investments in information acquisition. That is, at high levels of transparency the gain of consumers from increased transparency is smaller than the loss in the firms' profits leading to decrease in total welfare.
Selfish and prospective : theory and evidence of pocketbook voting
Quality competition and social welfare in markets with partial coverage : new results
The methodological framework of the regional well-being researches made in Finland
On economic inequality
The welfare of children with mentally ill parents : learning from inter-country comparisons
A founder of an organization dedicated to promoting the compassionate treatment of animals and combating factory farming addresses the ethics of breeding animals for food, exposing inhumane practices utilized by typical food-production companies.
Family troubles? : exploring changes and challenges in the family lives of children and young people
Theoretical welfare economics
Chinese immigrants to Finland : a qualitative study of housing, employment, access to health care and child care as sociological dimensions in their settlement process
Mind's own physician : a scientific dialogue with the Dalai Lama on the healing power of meditation
Art, games and sensors harnessed to enhance well-being
International journal of child and family welfare : an official publication of the European Scientific Association for Residential and Foster Care for Children and Adolescents
Revealed preference of government
Happy is the new healthy : 31 ways to relax, let go, and enjoy life NOW!
Relating with the other in naturecultures : ethics and well-being in Elfquest comics
The Finland in Figures publication is a compact information package that presents Finland in various ways and also contains international comparison data. The publication is like a visiting card for those needing information about Finland and it can be handed out in both domestic and international contexts.
School, Culture and Well-Being ArctiChildren Research and Development Findings from Northern Finland, Sweden and Norway, and North-West Russia
Having loving being : comments on Erik Allardt's book about the dimensions of welfare in the Nordic countries: Att ha, att älska, att vara. Om välfärd i Norden
Book of chaos and harmony : get organized without stress
Ideas, plans, realization : a presentation of the Values of Welfare project
Results from the citizen and service producer surveys in Northern Ostrobothnia
A welfare model for selecting indicators of national development
Hardwiring happiness : the new brain science of contentment, calm, and confidence
Examining growth and internationalization within the health and well-being sector
Group music therapy with healthy adult women : an approach for well-being
This highly unique book takes a fundamental look at when and how a government can fail at its core responsibility of formulating rules. Government, representing society, relates to the economy by formulating the rules within which (market) players should operate. Although market and business failure are much discussed in the economics literature, government failure is often overlooked. This book addresses this gap, exploring in detail what constitutes government failure. Wilfred Dolfsma illustrates that it is not adequate to discuss government failure simply with reference to its level of expenditure, as is usually the case. Defining government failure and analysing it in the domains of health care, innovation and technology, he explores topics such as how market and society relate, consequences of conflicts between government policies, how government should (not) intervene, the vulnerability of institutions and rules (set out by government), and suggests a welfare perspective for evaluative purposes. This stimulating and thought provoking book will prove a fascinating read for academics, researchers and advanced students in economics - particularly public choice and institutional economics - public administration, policy studies, and law and economics.
Sustainable welfare in a regional context
This study aimed at comparing the behaviour of finishing bulls raised in an uninsulated barn (UB) and at pasture (PAS). In experiment 1, dairy bulls were housed in an uninsulated barn (two groups of five bulls, 32 m2/pen) or at pasture (groups of four and five bulls, 5000 m2/paddock). In experiment 2, Hereford bulls were housed in an uninsulated barn (three groups of four or five bulls, 32 m2/pen) or at pasture (three groups of five bulls, 5000 m2/paddock). There were no differences in drinking, social licking, butting, other social behaviour, self-licking or idling between the UB and PAS bulls. The UB bulls spent more time in lying, ruminating, oral explorative and manipulative behaviour and rubbing and less time foraging and walking than the PAS bulls. The UB bulls performed more social licking and oral manipulation of objects and less mounting than the PAS bulls. These differences resulted most probably from the different feeding regimes and different space allowances.
Spaces of wellbeing : what is so special about special needs art studios?
Staying well in an unstable world of work : prospective cohort study of the determinants of employee well-being
Theories of welfare
Participants' outcome expectations and changes in well-being and ill-being in mindfulness based intervention for burnout
The ethics of welfare : human rights, dependency and responsibility
The effect of sensory-processing sensitivity on social preference for online interaction and associated outcome on psychological wellbeing
Welfare and the well-being of children
Personality, well-being and job resources : from negative paradigm towards positive psychology
Women, food, and desire : embrace your cravings, make peace with food, reclaim your body
The social construction of the well-being in young people
The connection between on-farm assessed welfare (A-index) and production parameters of the sows
This book challenges the concept of wellbeing as applied to children, particularly in a school-based context. Taking a post-structural approach, it suggests that wellbeing should be understood, and experiences revealed, at the level of the subjective child. This runs counter to contemporary accounts that reduce children's wellbeing to objective lists of things that are needed in order to live well. This book will be useful for academics and practitioners working directly with children, and anyone interested in children's wellbeing.
The relativity of the welfare consept
Welfare economics and the theory of economic policy
Research and human needs
Happy is the new healthy : 31 Ways to relax, let go, and enjoy life NOW!
Economics and the public welfare : financial and economic history of the United States, 1914-1946
Perceived motivational climate, need satisfaction, motivational regulation, and well-being in elite hurlers
From signals to future stories : a handbook for applying foresight in the field of welfare
Both an individual's personality and well-being are important throughout their lives. This book explores the current research on links between personality and well-being, and indicates possible directions for future research. This collection brings together empirical studies which focus on personality predictors of well-being and social adjustment in key developmental stages: adolescence, middle adulthood and late adulthood, to conclude that although personality traits are linked to well-being their influence can vary throughout the stages of development. The wide variety of behaviours and outcomes in which personality variables are involved suggests that further research is needed into the influence and interaction of environmental factors with personality traits.
Essays in normative economics
About dimensions of welfare : an exploratory analysis of a comparative Scandinavian survey
The musician's way : a guide to practice, performance, and wellness
Does success at work produce well-being and happiness or vice versa?
Well-being in socio-political context : European welfare regimes in comparison
Long distance transport and welfare of farm animals
Case Peurunka : the essence of wellbeing - customer perspective
City
SOID - A local NGO supporting the well-being of orphans
Interpersonal comparability and measurability of individual welfare variables, social ethics and impossibility theorems for individualistic social welfare functions : a theoretical approach
Are the healthier wealthier or the wealthier healthier? : the European evidence
Understandign the value of arts & culture : the AHRC cultural value project
Last child in the woods : saving our children from nature-deficit disorder
Investment services in Sampo Bank Oyj Pieksämäki branch
European older adults' well-being and suicide in the societal and family context
Abstract: Well-being in low-income families with children.
Is quality good for you? : a critical review of quality assurance in welfare services
Enhancing health resources among older people in the community using a salutogenesis-based intervention programme
Local welfare policy making in European cities
The structure of psychological well-being
Summary.
The effects of combining kangaroo care and parental singing on premature infants' and parents' wellbeing and development of parent-infant relationship
Perceived autonomy support, basic needs satisfaction, motivation regulation and well-being : verification of self-determination theory in dancers in Finland
Modern thinkers on welfare
Finland in figures 2016.
Critical revolutionary pedagogy spiced by pedagogical love
Nepalese child labourers' life-contexts, cognitive skills and well-being
Social welfare in a world in crisis : perceptions and responsibilities : the 22nd International Conference on Social Welfare, Montreal, Canada, August 5-11, 1984
Modelling the accumulation and distribution of wealth
Horticulture: plants for people and places. Volume 3, Social horticulture
Veterinary and animal ethics : proceedings of the fist international conference on veterinary animal ethics, September 2011
Do less, get more : guilt-free ways to make time for the things (and people) that matter
The effects of stall surfaces and milk yield on the lying behavior of dairy cow
The great escape : health, wealth, and the origins of inequality
Ethics of animal use
Lifetime fitness and wellness : a personal choice
Rethinking consumer behaviour for the well-being of all : reflections on individual consumer responsibility
New approaches to welfare theory
Effects of litter and cage furniture on mouse anxiety-like behaviour
The welfare of pigs : a seminar in the EEC programme of coordination of research on animal welfare held in Brussels, November 25-26, 1980
Psychological resources, their social antecedents, and association with well-being and health behaviour in early adulthood
The little book of hygge : the Danish way to live well
Introducing emotional intelligence : a practical guide
Piracy and welfare : tax evasion, norms and fiscal externality
Economic institutions and human welfare
On calculating welfare losses of taxation and public provision on the margin and to a degree
The adverse effects of domestic violence on psychosocial well-being
School, culture and well-being : ArctiChildren research and development findings from northern Finland, Sweden and Norway, and north-west Russia
Finnish Yearbook of Population Research 47
Welfare Day in The School of Business and Information Management
We present and test a theory of prospective and retrospective pocketbook voting. Focusing on two large reforms in Sweden, we establish a causal chain from policies to sizeable individual gains and losses and then to voting. The Social Democrats proposed budget cuts affecting parents with young children before the 1994 election, but made generous promises to the same group before the 1998 election. Since parents with older children were largely unaffected we use a differenceindifferences strategy for identification. We find clear evidence of prospective pocketbook voting. Voters respond to campaign promises but not to the later implementation of the reforms.
The just economy
Generating inequality : mechanism of distribution in the U.S. economy
Reading, libraries and well-being
Dual welfare : segmentation and work enforcement in the Swedish welfare system
Personality and well-being across the life-span
The effects of art on wellbeing : case Hair
Right, morality, ethical life : studies in G. W. F. Hegelś philosophy of right
