http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p19432 asceticism
asceticism
Asceticism - an endangered value? : mutations of ascetism in contemporary monasticism
Letters from the desert : a selection of questions and responses
The psychology of religious mysticism
Shaker built : the form and function of Shaker architecture
Repentance in late antiquity : eastern asceticism and the framing of the Christian life c.400-650 CE
The asceticism of Isaac of Nineveh
Honorable Shame, Shameful Honor : Conceptualizing shame among early Christian martyrs and ascetics
The mystic mind : the Psychology of Medieval Mystics and Ascetics
Handmaids of the Lord : contemporary descriptions of feminine asceticism in the first six Christian centuries
Introduction to Islamic theology and law
Ancrene wisse : guide for anchoresses
Reading renunciation : asceticism and Scripture in early Christianity
Gender and sancity in early Byzantine monasticism : a study of the phenomenon of female ascetics in male monastic habit with a translation of the life of St. Matrona
Dadisho ̔ Qaṭraya's Compendious commentary on The paradise of the Egyptian fathers in Garshuni
Discipline : the canonical Buddhism of the Vinayapitaka
"This book offers a fresh approach to some of the most studied documents relating to Christian female asceticism in the Roman era. Focusing on the letters of advice to the women of the noble Anicia family, Kate Wilkinson argues that conventional descriptions of feminine modesty can reveal spaces of agency and self-formation in early Christian women's lives. She uses comparative data from contemporary ethnographic studies of Muslim, Hindu, and indigenous Pakistani women to draw out the possibilities inherent in codes of modesty. Her analysis also draws on performance studies for close readings of Ambrose, Augustine, Jerome and Pelagius. The book begins by locating itself within the complex terrain of feminist historiography, and then addresses three main modes of modest behavior - dress, domesticity and silence. Finally, it addresses the theme of false modesty and explores women's agency in light of Augustinian and Pelagian conceptions of choice"--
Dying to self and detachment
The new asceticism : sexuality, gender and the quest for God
Hermits and recluses in English society, 950-1200
Health and holiness : a study of the relations between Brother Ass, the body, and his rider, the soul
Studia patristica. 35, Papers presented at the Thirteenth International Conference on Patristic Studies held in Oxford 1999 : Ascetica, gnostica, liturgica, orientalia
Female ascetics in Hinduism
Clothed in the body : asceticism, the body, and the spiritual in the late antique era
Cassian the monk
The paccekabuddha : a Buddhist ascetic : a study of the concept of the paccekabuddha in Pāli canonical and commentarial literature
"The Hermit's Hut offers an original insight into the profound relationship between architecture and asceticism. Although architecture continually responds to ascetic compulsions, as in its frequent encounter with the question of excess and less, it is typically considered separate from asceticism. In contrast, this innovative book explores the rich and mutual ways in which asceticism and architecture are played out in each other's practices. The question of asceticism is also considered--as neither a religious discourse nor a specific cultural tradition but as a perennial issue in the practice of culture. The work convincingly traces the influences from early Indian asceticism to Zen Buddhism to the Japanese teahouse--the latter opening the door to modern minimalism. As the book's title suggests, the protagonist of the narrative is the nondescript hermit's hut. Relying primarily on Buddhist materials, the author provides a complex narrative that stems from this simple structure, showing how the significance of the hut resonates widely and how the question of dwelling is central to ascetic imagination. In exploring the conjunctions of architecture and asceticism, he breaks new ground by presenting ascetic practice as fundamentally an architectural project, namely the fabrication of a "last" hut. Through the conception of the last hut, he looks at the ascetic challenge of arriving at the edge of civilization and its echoes in the architectural quest for minimalism. The most vivid example comes from a well-known Buddhist text where the Buddha describes the ultimate ascetic moment, or nirvana, in cataclysmic terms using architectural metaphors: "The roof-rafters will be shattered," the Buddha declares, and the architect will "no longer build the house again." As the book compellingly shows, the physiological and spiritual transformation of the body is deeply intertwined with the art of building." -- Publisher's description.
Jerome and the monastic clergy : a commentary on Letter 52 to Nepotian, with introduction, text, and translation
How the Halakhah unfolds. Vol. 2, part A, Nazir in the Mishnah, Tosefta, Yerushalmi, and Bavli
The ascetic self : subjectivity, memory, and tradition
Living in God's creation : Orthodox perspectives on ecology
Symbols and sentiments : cross-cultural studies in symbolism
The call to repentance is central to the message of early Christianity. While this is undeniable, the precise meaning of the concept of repentance for early Christians has rarely been investigated to any great extent, beyond studies of the rise of penitential discipline. In this study, the rich variety of meanings and applications of the concept of repentance are examined, with a particular focus on the writings of several ascetic theologians of the fifth to seventh centuries. These theologians provide some of the most sustained and detailed elaborations of the concept of repentance in late antiquity: SS Mark the Monk, Barsanuphius and John of Gaza, and John Climacus. They predominantly see repentance as a positive, comprehensive idea that serves to frame the whole of Christian life, not simply one or more of its parts.
Ascetism and eroticism in the mythology of Śiva
'Virgins of God' : the making of ascetism in late antiquity
Gods on earth : the management of religious experience and identity in a North Indian pilgrimage centre
Evagrius of Pontus : the Greek ascetic corpus
Wandering with sadhus : ascetics in the Hindu Himalayas
Reading medieval anchoritism : ideology and spiritual practices
Children and asceticism in late antiquity : continuity, family dynamics and the rise of Christianity
Understanding asceticism : body and society in the asceticism of St Isaac of Nineveh
Subversive virtue : asceticism and authority in the second-century pagan world
Like a pelican in the wilderness : reflections on the Sayings of the Desert Fathers
Virtuosity, charisma, and social order : a comparative sociological study of monasticism in Theravada Buddhism and medieval Catholicism
Flowers from the desert : sayings on humility, obedience, repentance, and love from the Christian hermits of ancient times
Ascetics of Kashi : an anthropological exploration
Dark Age Bodies reconstructs the gender ideology of monastic masculinity through an investigation of early medieval readings of the body and its parts. It brings together scholarship in architectural history and cultural anthropology to frame an important reconsideration of Carolingian culture.
Schools of ascetism : ideology and organization in medieval religious communities
The making of the self : ancient and modern asceticism
This dissertation explores early Christian asceticism. The study consists of introduction and five articles examining ascetic ideals and practices in early Christianity and analysing the question of early Christian lifestyle within the context of city life in Late Antiquity, with particular emphasis on Clement of Alexandria.
Ambiguous legitimation : grassroots Roman Catholic communities in Italy and ecclesiastical hierarchies
Shugendō : essays on the structure of Japanese folk religion
Modern Orthodox saints. 9, St. Methodia of Kimolos
Real sadhus sing to God : gender, asceticism, and vernacular religion in Rajasthan
The sacred body : asceticism in religion, literature, art, and culture
Tom Licence discovers why medieval society invested so much in hermits and recluses, and examines how they gained their saintly reputation.
The forgotten desert mothers : sayings, lives, and stories of early Christian women
The Asketikon of St. Basil the Great
The mystic mind : the psychology of medieval mystics and ascetics
John Climacus : from the Egyptian desert to the Sinaite mountain
The cultural turn in late ancient studies : gender, asceticism, and historiography
Dragon's wine and angel's bread : the teaching of Evagrius Ponticus on anger and meekness
Holy fools in Byzantium and beyond
Paul, the wordly ascetic : response to the world and self-understanding according to 1 Corinthians 7
Fasting in the Orthodox Church : its theological, pastoral and social implications
Wisdom from Mount Athos : the writings of staretz Silouan
The lives of Simeon Stylites
Holy men and hunger artists : fasting and ascetism in rabbinic culture
In search of perfection : the ascetic hero in Russian literature
Rules and regulations of Brahmanical asceticism : Yatidharmasamuccaya of Yādava Prakāśa
Daily prayer and its ascetic context in the Syriac and Ethiopic Testamentum Domini
Asceticism and early Christian lifestyle
The role of death in the Ladder of Divine Ascent and the greek ascetic tradition
Disciples of the desert : monks, laity, and spiritual authority in sixth-century Gaza
Rule for solitaries
New Valamo : a living monastic tradition in Finland
Grace before meals : food ritual and body discipline in convent culture
The ascetic spirituality of Juan de Ávila (1499-1569)
Asceticism and its critics : historical accounts and comparative perspectives
Medieval anchoritisms : gender, space and the solitary life
The two traditions of meditation in ancient India
Sadhus : the holy men of India
Guardians of the transcendent : an ethnography of a Jain ascetic community
"Goths invaded Rome in 410 AD, and like many aristocratic families, a household of three wealthy, Christian senatorial women fled across the Mediterranean to their land holdings in North Africa. They bore the name Anici, one of the oldest, richest and most respected Roman clans. The family matriarch Proba and her daughter-in-law Juliana, both widows, traveled with Juliana's young daughter Demetrias. Three years later all were publically acknowledged as exemplary Christian ascetics, and their household was a refuge for ascetic Christian women of different ranks"--
Asceticism and anthropology in Irenaeus and Clement
Ascetics and humanists in eleventh-century Byzantium
Ascetic culture : renunciation and worldly engagement
The cult of the seer in the ancient Middle East : a contribution to current research on hallucinations drawn from Coptic and other texts
Dark age bodies : gender and monastic practice in the early medieval West
Authority and asceticism from Augustine to Gregory the Great
Athanasius and ascetism
The hermit's hut : architecture and asceticism in India
The life of Stephen of Mar Sabas
A history of Dasnami Naga Sanyasis
Family and asceticism : continuity strategies in the late Roman world
The burden of the flesh : fasting and sexuality in early Christianity
A study of how asceticism was promoted through Biblical interpretation, Reading Renunciation uses contemporary literary theory to unravel the writing strategies of the early Christian authors. Not a general discussion of early Christian teachings on celibacy and marriage, the book is a close examination, in the author's words, of how "the Fathers' axiology of abstinence informed their interpretation of Scriptural texts and incited the production of ascetic meaning." Elizabeth Clark begins with a survey of scholarship concerning early Christian asceticism that is designed to orient the nonspecialist. Section Two is organized around potentially troubling issues posed by Old Testament texts that demanded skillful handling by ascetically inclined Christian exegetes. The third section, "Reading Paul," focuses on the hermeneutical problems raised by I Corinthians 7, and the Deutero-Pauline and Pastoral Epistles.
The fathers of the Church : a new translation. Vol. 96, On repentance and almsgiving
The human body : ascesis and exercise
Discourses and sayings
Ascetism and healing in ancient India : medicine in the Buddhist monastery
In praise of the whip
The two sources of Indian asceticism
Ascetic figures before and in early Buddhism : the emergence of Gautama as the Buddha
Women and modesty in late antiquity
Women under the bō tree : Buddhist nuns in Sri Lanka
Anmut und askese - frühe skulpturen aus Indien = The sublime and the ascetic in early sculptures from India
Prayer and spirituality in the early church
The scourge and the cross : ascetic mentalities of the later middle ages
Sādhus : holy men of India
How the Halakhah unfolds. Vol. 2, part B, Nazir in the Mishnah, Tosefta, Yerushalmi, and Bavli
