http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p19436 choreographers
choreographers
Speaking of dance : twelve contemporary choreographers on their craft
Following Balanchine
Beyond words : movement observation and analysis
Dance Crazy in Hollywood : A film about choreographer Hermes Pan
Ballets of today. Cyril Beaumont
Bandoneon: Working with Pina Bausch is a new translation of Raimund Hoghe's original rehearsal diary that documented the legendary Tanztheater Wuppertal's work on Bandoneon (1980), illustrated with photos of the production by Ulli Weiss, and personal images and notes from the dancers. This unique book records the method Pina Bausch developed and used, as seen by one of her close collaborators, Raimund Hoghe, who worked as dramaturg for the company for a decade (1979–1989). It follows the work from the first day in rehearsals to its premiere, chronicling the process with artistic sensibility – Bausch's famous questions, the dancers' responses and Hoghe's own reflections as the piece develops. This important document sees its first English language publication, and is succinctly translated from the German by Penny Black. The diary is accompanied by an Introduction and A Portrait by Katalin Trencsenyi, following Hoghe's journey from being a journalist to becoming an internationally acknowledged dancer-choreographer.
Merce Cunningham
Robert Rauschenberg collaborations
Limón : a life beyond words
All in the dances : a brief life of George Balanchine
How can various technologies, from the more conventional to the very new, be used to archive, share and understand dance movement? How can they become part of new ways of creating dance? What does this tell us about the ways in which technology is part of how we make sense and think? Well-known choreographers and dance collectives including William Forsythe, Siohban Davis, Merce Cunningham, Anne Teresa De Keersmaeker and BADco. have initiated projects to investigate these questions, and in so doing have inaugurated a new era for dance archives, education, research and creation. Their work draws attention to the intimate relationship between the technologies we use and the ways in which we think, perceive, and make sense. Transmission in Motion examines these extraordinary projects 'from the inside', presenting in-depth analyses by the practitioners, artists and collectives involved in their development. These studies are framed by scholarly reflection, illuminating the significance of these projects in the context of current debates on dance, the (multi-media) archive, immaterial cultural heritage and copyright, embodied cognition, education, media culture and the knowledge society.
All his jazz : the life and death of Bob Fosse
Bandoneon! : working with Pina Bausch
The Soviet ballet
Fifty contemporary choreographers
Using the sky : a dance
Katherine Dunham : reflections on the social and political contexts of Afro-American dance
Throwing the body into the fight : a Portrait of Raimund Hoghe
Jazzdance by Danny Buraczeski : end of an era
The musical body : Guy Cools with Jonathan Burrows and Matteo Fargion
Jasmin Vardimon's dance theatre : movement, memory and metaphor
Choreography : a basic approach using improvisation
Dance composition basics : capturing the choreographer's craft
Rioting theatre space : Vaslav Nijinsky and the birth of ballet modernism
The Aging Body in Dance brings together leading scholars and artists from a range of backgrounds to investigate cultural ideas of movement and beauty, expressiveness and agility. Contributors focus on Euro-American and Japanese attitudes towards aging and performance, including studies of choreographers, dancers and directors from Yvonne Rainer, Martha Graham, Anna Halprin and Roemeo Castellucci to Kazuo Ohno and Kikuo Tomoeda. They draw a fascinating comparison between youth-oriented Western cultures and dance cultures like Japan's, where aging performers are celebrated as part of the country's living heritage. The first cross-cultural study of its kind, The Aging Body in Dance offers a vital resource for scholars and practitioners interested in global dance cultures and their differing responses to the world's aging population.
Dance with demons : the life of Jerome Robbins
Ungoverning dance : contemporary European theatre dance and the commons
The life and ballets of Lev Ivanov : choreographer of the Nutcracker and Swan Lake
No intermissions : the life of Agnes de Mille
Eiko & Koma : time is not even, space is not empty
The rise and fall and rise of modern dance
The returns of Alwin Nikolais : bodies, boundaries and the dance canon
Isadora Duncan : masterworks 1905-1923
Private domain : an autobiography
Choreographers in motion : retrospective and perspectives
Soft is fast : Simone Forti in the 1960s and after
Dance as a project of the early modern avantgarde : an analysis of three Western expressive dance works created between 1900 and 1920 and their cultural implications
The choreography of Antony Tudor : focus on four ballets
Theatre in my blood : a biography of John Cranko
José Limón : an unfinished memoir
Katherine Dunham : pioneer of Black dance
How to choreograph. Volume one, everything I learned in school
The Bournonville school : the dance programme
The grotesque dancer on the eighteenth-century stage : Gennaro Magri and his world
Russian ballet master : the memoirs of Marius Petipa
In 1996, Pablo Ventura turned his attention to the choreography software Life Forms to find out whether the then-revolutionary new tool could lead to new possibilities of expression in contemporary dance. During the next 2 decades, he devised choreographic techniques and custom software to create dance works that highlight the operational logic of computers, accompanied by computer-generated dance and media elements. This article provides a firsthand account of how Ventura's engagement with algorithmic concepts guided and transformed his choreographic practice. The text describes the methods that were developed to create computer-aided dance choreographies. Furthermore, the text illustrates how choreography techniques can be applied to correlate formal and aesthetic aspects of movement, music, and video. Finally, the text emphasizes how Ventura's interest in the wider conceptual context has led him to explore with choreographic means fundamental issues concerning the characteristics of humans and machines and their increasingly profound interdependencies..
The art of making dances
Secret muses : the life of Frederick Ashton
The Bournonville tradition : the first fifty years 1829-1879. Volume I, A documentary study
Choreographic inscriptions : a framework for exploring sociomaterial influences on qualities of movement for HCI
Drumming & Rain : a choreographer's score
The Choreographic
"'Balanchine and the Lost Muse' traces the early lives and friendship of famed choreographer George Balanchine and the extraordinary young ballerina Lidia (Lidochka) Ivanova, from the years just before the 1917 Russian Revolution to Balanchine's escape from Russia in 1924 -- and in the process, sheds new light on a crucial flash point in the histories both of modern ballet and of Russia itself."--Book jacket.
Letters on dance and choreography
Dancers and choreographers : a selected bibliography
Soviet choreographers in the 1920s
The Nureyev image
Early memoirs
Martha Graham : the evolution of her dance theory and training 1926-1991
Merce Cunningham collection. Volume I
Belgian-Moroccan Sidi Larbi Cherkaoui and British-Bengali Akram Khan are two of today's most prolific choreographers. Given their respective backgrounds and the practices they pursue, their artistic universes are largely built around their identity in-between dance cultures. Guy Cools who accompanied both, situates their work within the larger critical debate on the (post)modern and (post-)migrant identity. Cools details some of their iconic choreographic pieces. In-Between Dance Cultures offers a complementary view on questions of cultural identity taking the contemporary dancer's somatic awareness and knowledge of the body as its starting point.
Who are you?
Choreographing Problems: Expressive Concepts in European Contemporary Dance and Performance illuminates the relationship between the philosophy of Gilles Deleuze and experimental dance and performance in the works of leading European choreographers, Xavier Le Roy, Jonathan Burrows, Boris Charmatz, Eszter Salamon, Mette Ingvartsen, Jefta van Dinther, and Jan Ritsema. Combining intricate analysis of seven groundbreaking works, including Self Unfinished by Le Roy (1998) and Weak Dance Strong Questions (2001) by Burrows and Ritsema, with a philosophical discussion of the body, movement and time in performance, as well as the notions of theatricality, affect, improvisation and process, the capacity of choreography to 'express' thought is unravelled. Choreographing problems involves composing ruptures between movement, the body and duration in performance such that they engender a shock upon sensibility, one that inhibits recognition. This book offers a practical insight into the matters of choreography: it allows both the versed and the non-trained spectator to observe in detail how the thought and the practices of making, performing and attending reinvent performance and dance today.
William Forsythe and the practice of choreography : it starts from any point
Exhausting dance : performance and the politics of movement
A choreographer's handbook
All his jazz : the life & death of Bob Fosse
Contemporary Korean ballet : scenes and stars
Jasmin Vardimon's Dance Theatre offers an unusual, intimate insight into the devising and training processes of a choreographer in the midst of her practice. Libby Worth and Jasmin Vardimon take a collaborative approach to recording and exploring the working processes of Vardimon and her company, chronicling the development of specific productions rather than offering a single choreographic blueprint. Focusing on the techniques, strategies and creative activities necessitated by each project, Worth and Vardimon address: The initial 'triggers' which lead to research, expansion, and performance; The social, political and psychological content of Vardimon's work; The relationship between accessibility of content and complexity of ideas; Drawing on texts to enhance and shape a piece of dance work; The editing process, and its inherent messiness; The contribution of a company's different voices and viewpoints to the development of a production. Based on extended conversations and interviews, this highly illustrated, full-colour volume is a unique reflection on Jasmin Vardimon's vibrant, continually developing practice. It is a must-read for students and practitioners of dance and physical theatre
Story/Time : the life of an idea
Dance naked in the sun : a confessional
Anna Sokolow : the rebellious spirit
The ballet goer's guide
The life and times of Ellen von Frankenberg
George Balanchine : the ballet maker
Anarchic dance
White man sleeps : creative insights
Balanchine and the lost muse : revolution & the making of a choreographer
All his jazz : The life & death of Bob Fosse
Transcending boundaries : my dancing life
Are we here yet?
How to choreograph. Volume two, what I never ever learned in school
Body against body : the dance and other collaborations of Bill T. Jones and Arnie Zane
The bi-temporal body : Guy Cools with Akram Khan
The spatial body : Guy Cools with Rosemary Butcher
Ruth Page : an intimate biography
The routledge dance studies reader
Simone Forti : thinking with the body
In-between dance cultures : on the migratory artistic identity of Sidi Larbi Cherkaoui and Akram Khan
Hiking the horizontal : field notes from a choreographer
Throwing the Body into the Fight is the first English language publication dedicated to the choreographer and performance maker Raimund Hoghe (Germany). Curated and edited by Mary Kate Connolly, the publication operates as a collage, drawing together a variety of international voices to create a fragmented portrait of the artist.
Transmission in motion : the technologizing of dance
Algorithmic reflections on choreography
Gower Champion : dance and American musical theatre
Razzle dazzle : the life and work of Bob Fosse
A passion for dance
A History of Dance On Screen
The Fosse style
The Pina Bausch Foundation started their work of carrying the artistic heritage of dancer and choreographer Pina Bausch into the future. This book reflects discussions and questions aroused by her work: How to archive dance? How to deal with the performative heritage at the outset of the 21st century? How to describe the performativity of remembering? And finally, what is the task of an archive for tomorrow, an archive to serve as a workshop for the future? Furthermore, "Inheriting Dance" provides profound insight into the practical work of the Pina Bausch Foundation, on a local, national and global level, aiming at an archive as a place of transformation, exchange, creative production, and artistic practice, similar to an abundantly growing garden. A place for future generations of dancers, artists, non-professionals, and scholars.
Choreography modeling in embedded systems domain
Dance anecdotes : stories from the worlds of ballet, Broadway, the ballroom, and modern dance
The restless choreographer : "The fall of the house of Usher" by Tomi Paasonen takes the audience into the dark and the hidden / Tiia Teronen
Looking at contemporary dance : a guide for the internet age
Art performs life : Merce Cunningham, Meredith Monk, Bill T. Jones
The Bournonville tradition : the first fifty years 1829-1879. Volume II , An annotated bibliography of the choreography and the music, the chronology, the performing history, and the sources
The philosophical aesthetics of dance : identity, performance and understanding
A life for dance : reminiscences
The Approach of the Choreographer Through the Dancer's Perspective
Emerging bodies : the performance of worldmaking in dance and choreography
The letters and diaries of Oskar Schlemmer
Dance dramaturgy : modes of agency, awareness and engagement
In an artistic career spanning five decades, and for which he was best known as poet, artist, dramatist, designer and film-maker, Jean Cocteau was also involved, directly and indirectly, with nearly twenty ballets. While he was not in the strictest sense a choreographer, his infl uence on such works as Parade, Le Jeune homme et la mort, Orphee, and La Dame a la licorne was all pervasive – from the "poesie" of the dramatic action, to lighting, to costume and set design. His creations, in collaboration with composers and choreographers, were fully integrated theatre pieces. Frank Ries has researched all of Cocteau's ballets and, using interviews, Cocteau's own writings, reviews and critiques – some of which have never before been translated – presents this survey and analysis of Cocteau's involvement in the world of dance.
Léonide Massine and the 20th century ballet
Reijo Kela : a way of being in the world
Dance is a language : isn't it
May O'Donnell : modern dance pioneer
A touch of innocence : memoirs of childhood
Ecstacy and the demon : feminism and nationalism in the dances of Mary Wigman
The dance theatre of Jean Cocteau
Doris Humphrey: an artist first : an autobiography
Katherine Dunham : dancing a life
Understanding Pina : the legacy of Pina Bausch
The aging body in dance : a cross-cultural perspective
I remember Balanchine : recollections of the ballet master by those who know him
With the rise of ubiquitous computing technologies in everyday life, the daily actions of people are becoming ever more choreographed by the interactions available through technology. By combining the notion of inscriptions from actor-network theory and the qualitative descriptors of movement from Laban movement analysis, an analytic framework is proposed for exploring how the interplay of material and social inscriptions gives rise to movement patterns and behaviors, translated into choreographic inscriptions described with Laban effort and shape. It is demonstrated through a case study of an affective gesture mobile device. The framework provides an understanding of (a) how movement qualities are shaped by social and material inscriptions, (b) how the relative strength of inscriptions on movements may change according to different settings and user appropriation over time, and (c) how transforming inscriptions by design across different mediums can generate action spaces with varying degrees of openness..
Merce Cunningham : dancing in space and time
Choreographing the stage musical
René Blum and the Ballets russes : in search of a lost life
The Green Table : a dance of death in eight scenes
Goh Choo San, master craftsman in dance
Creating and re-creating dance : performing dances related to Ausdruckstanz
Gestures within Human-Technology Choreographies for Interaction Design
Trisha Brown : dance and art in dialogue, 1961-2001
Two essays on Stepanov dance notation
Mark Morris
Feminine futures : Valentine de Saint-Point : performance, danse, guerre, politique et érotisme = performance, dance, war, politics and eroticism
Broadway, the golden years : Jerome Robbins and the great choreographer-directors : 1940 to the present
Dancing Korea : new waves of choreographers and dance companies
The transformative body : Guy Cools with Dana Caspersen
Martha Graham : gender & the haunting of a dance pioneer
The intimate act of choreography
Rosemary Butcher : memory in the present tense
Beyond dance : Laban's legacy of movement analysis
Choreography & style for ice skaters
The Bournonville school : the daily classes -technique, exercises, combinations
Henning Kronstam : portrait of a Danish dancer
Musical theatre choreography : a practical method for preparing and staging dance in musical show
The mythic body : Guy Cools with Sidi Larbi Cherkaoui
Moving together : theorizing and making contemporary dance
William Forsythe : improvisation technologies : a tool for the analytical dance eye
Nijinsky's Bloomsbury ballet : reconstruction of dance and design for Jeux
Drifting Down the Technologization of Life: Could Choreography-Based Interaction Design Support us in Engaging with the World and our Embodied Living?
Some views and reviews of Ashton's choreography
Writings on ballet and music
The choreographic art : an outline of its principles and craft
In this ceaselessly questioning book, acclaimed African American dancer, choreographer, and director Bill T. Jones reflects on his art and life as he describes the genesis of Story/Time, a recent dance work produced by his company and inspired by the modernist composer and performer John Cage. Presenting personally revealing stories, richly illustrated with striking color photographs of the work's original stage production, and featuring a beautiful, large-format design, the book is a work of art in itself.
Watch your step
Blood memory
The Mary Wigman book : her writings
Ungoverning Dance examines the work of progressive contemporary dance artists in continental Europe from the mid 1990s to 2015. Placing this within its historical and political context - that of neoliberalism and austerity - it argues that these artists have developed an ethico-aesthetic approach that uses dance practices as sites of resistance against dominant ideologies, and that their works attest to the persistence of alternative ways of thinking and living. In response to the way that the radical values informing their work are continually under attack from neoliberalism, these artists recognise that they in effect share common pool resources. Thus, while contemporary dance has been turned into a market, they nevertheless value the extent to which it functions as a commons. Work that does this, it argues, ungoverns dance. Theoretically, the book begins with a discussion of dance in relation to neoliberalism and post-Fordism, and then develops an account of ethico-aesthetics in choreography drawing in particular on the work of Emmanuelle Levinas and its adaptation by Maurice Blanchot. It also explores ethics from the point of view of affect theory drawing on the work of Erin Manning and Brian Massumi. These philosophical ideas inform close readings of works from the 1990s and 2000s by two generations of European-based dance artists: that of Jerome Bel, Jonathan Burrows, La Ribot, and Xavier Le Roy who began showing work in the 1990s; and that of artists who emerged in the 2000s including Fabian Barba, Faustin Linyekula, Ivana Muller, and Nikolina Pristas. Topics examined include dance and precarious life, choreographing friendship, re-performance, the virtual in dance, and a dancer's experience of the Egyptian revolution. Ungoverning Dance proposes new ways of understanding recent contemporary European dance works by making connections with their social, political, and theoretical contexts.
The political body : Guy Cools with Alain Platel
Hijikata Tatsumi and Butoh : dancing in a pool of gray grits
Hanya Holm : the biography of an artist
Danse - A Catalogue comprises dialogues and newly-commissioned essays by dancers, choreographers, writers, and curators reflecting on the mutual influences of French and American choreographic cultures. Together these writings examine the ways in which dance matters in an increasingly globalized contemporary field.
Howling near heaven : Twyla Tharp and the reinvention of modern dance
Inheriting dance : an invitation from Pina
My theatre life
How to do things with dance : performing change in postwar America
Michael Clark
In the mid 1990's Deborah Hay's work took a new turn. From her early experiments with untrained dancers, and after a decade of focusing on solo work, the choreographer began to explore new grounds of choreographic notation and transmission by working with experienced performers and choreographers. Using the Sky: a dance follows a similar path as Hay's previous books - Lamb at the Altar and My Body the Buddhist - by exploring her unrelenting quest for ways to both define and rethink her choreographic imagery through a broad range of alternately intimate, descriptive, poetic, analytical and often playful engagement with language and writing. This book is a reflection on the experiments that Hay set up for herself and her collaborators, and the ideas she discovered while choreographing four dances, If I Sing to You (2008), No Time to Fly (2010), A Lecture on the Performance of Beauty (2003), and the solo My Choreographed Body (2014). The works are revisited by unfolding a trove of notes and journal entries, resulting in a dance score in its own right, and providing an insight into Hay's extensive legacy and her profound influence on the current conversations in contemporary performance arts.
In her heyday, Martha Graham's name was internationally recognized within the modern dance world, and though trends in choreography continue to change, her status in dance still inspires regard. In this, the first extended critical look at this modern dance pioneer, Victoria Thoms explores the cult of Graham and her dancing through a critical lens that exposes the gendered meaning behind much of her work. Thoms synthesizes a diverse archive of material on Graham from films, photographs, memoir, and critique in order to uniquely highlight her contribution to the dance world and arts culture in general.
The makers of modern dance in Germany : Rudof Laban, Mary Wigman, Kurt Jooss
Choreographing problems : expressive concepts in european contemporary dance and performance
Martha : the life and work of Martha Graham
Alvin Ailey : an American visionary
Undimmed lustre : the life of Antony Tudor
Ballet : an illustrated history
Fosse : original Broadway cast recording
Frederick Ashton : a choreographer and his ballets
The art & science of nurturing dancemakers : papers from the Greenhouse Effect Conference
I remember Balanchine : recollections of the ballet master by those who knew him
Balanchine : a biography
Soda Lake (1981) : choreography by Richard Alston
