http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p19498 goth culture
goth culture
Gothicka : vampire heroes, human gods, and the new supernatural
A companion to Ostrogothic Italy
Japanese Goth
Finnish Gothic subculture : Gothic subculture is: "(...) to enjoy the beauty of the moonlight instead of the beauty of the sun" (Mia)
People and identity in Ostrogothic Italy, 489-554
Worldwide gothic : a chronicle of a tribe
The goth bible : a compendium for the darkly inclined
Goth : identity, style, and subculture
Gothic & Lolita bible. Vol. 1, Feb. 2008
Hell bound : new gothic art / Francesca Gavin
Gothic & Lolita
Goth culture : gender, sexuality and style
Gothic knits
The gothic / edited by Gilda Williams
Gothic art : vampires, witches, demons, dragons, werewolves & goths
The lost days
Fangtastic!
Gothic art now : [the very best in contemporary gothic art and illustration]
The art of gothic : music : fashion : alt culture
New directions in 21st century gothic : the gothic compass
Goth : undead subculture
Contemporary gothic
Goth chic : a connoisseur's guide to dark culture
Piece of mind
Nostalgia or perversion? : Gothic rewriting from the eighteenth century until the present day
Gothic beauty magazine : Helsinki
Wannabes, goths, and Christians : the boundaries of sex, style, and status
Twisted stitches : 30 corrupt cross stitch and embroidery designs
Gothic subculture in Finland : history, fashion and lifestyle
Gothic rock : the ultimate collection
Paint it black : a guide to gothic homemaking
Gothic & lolita bible : the wedding issue
The complete collection 1985-1989
Dark times : a novel
Gothic Lolita punk : a stunning showcase of the cutting-edge work from the best Gothic Lolita artists working today
Goth : vamps and dandies
Midnight caller
"Frightened by a word" : Shirley Jackson and lesbian Gothic
The Pontic-Danubian realm in the period of the Great Migration
Gothic jewelry : 35 scary projects to make, give, and wear
Lingua e cultura dei Goti = Language and culture of the Goths
Burning oil
Fashioning Gothic Bodies
Gothic : dark glamour
After subculture : critical studies in contemporary youth culture
Goth Chic : A connoisseur' s guide to dark culture
Dystopia : fantasy art, fiction and the movies / Dave Golder ; foreword by Pat Mills
Creative business from the point of view of Goth subculture
Encyclopedia Gothica
The Goth anthology : underground anthems from rock's dark side
Goth's dark empire
Through the pale door : a guide to and through the American gothic
Vampires : From Dracula to Twilight - The Complete Guide to Vampire Mythology
Weirdo noir : gothic and dark lowbrow art
Gothic connections : contacts between eastern Scandinavia and the southern Baltic coast 1000 BC - 500 AD
Roman barbarians : the royal court and culture in the early Medieval West
Goth : the design, art and fashion of a dark subculture
Goth craft : the magical side of dark culture
Gothic beauty magazine : Espoo
Gothic pop graphics. Vol. 1
What is goth?
Draw Gothic
HIM : his infernal majesty
Wisigothica after M.C. Díaz y Díaz
The Biology of horror : gothic literature and film
Zombie love : vampires, ghosts and The 69 eyes
