http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1940 tinnitus
tinnitus
Tinnitus: tolerance or threat? : psychological and psychophysiological perspectives
Cervicocephalic artery dissection : radiological study with clinical outcome
Coping with tinnitus
Genetic and clinical features of familial Meniere's disease in Northern Ostrobothnia and Kainuu
Vertigo, nausea, tinnitus and hypoacusia in metabolic disorders : proceedings of the XVth Scientific Meeting of the Neurootological and Equilibriometric Society : vertigo, nausea, tinnitus and hypoacusia in metabolic disorders, Bad Kissingen, 17-20 March 1988
Hearing among older adults : an epidemiological study
Deafness and hearing loss : the essential guide
Introduction to audiologic rehabilitation
Hearing impairment and tinnitus in the elderly
Muscular tension and tinnitus : an experimental trial of trigger point injections on tinnitus
Cervicocephalic artery dissection:radiological study with clinical outcome
Deafness and mental health
Exposure to gunfire noise : some auditory and non-auditory consequences associated with disability and handicap in army officers
On noise and hearing loss : prevalence and reference data
Written by a professional musician who is also a certified occupational therapist, Teaching Healthy Musicianship first and foremost help music educators avoid common injuries that they themselves encounter, and in the process it also equips them with the tools they need to instill healthy musicianship practices in their students. Author Nancy Taylor combines her two unique skill sets to provide a model for injury prevention that is equally cognizant of the needs of music educators and their students. Through practical explanation of body mechanics, ergonomics, and the performance-related health problems and risk factors unique to musicianship, she gives music educators the tools they need to first practice healthy posture, body mechanics, environmental safety, and ergonomics, and then to introduce these same practices to their students. Thoroughly illustrated with 125 photographs, this book is a key resource for preservice and inservice teachers of middle school and high school band, orchestra, choir and general music.
Secondary aural symptoms in relation to cranio-cervical and general disorders
Tinnitus rehabilitation by retraining : a workbook for sufferers, their doctors and other health care professionals
Gentamicin treatment and headache in Menière's disease
Living with hearing loss
Living with tinnitus and hyperacusis
Vertigo as a companion through life : empirical studies regarding psychological factors in Menière's disease
Teaching healthy musicianship : the music educator's guide to injury prevention and wellness
Investigations of noise-related tinnitus
Secondary Aural Symptoms in Relation to Cranio-Cervical and General Disorders
Summary.
Tinnitus and craniomandibular disorders - is there a link?
Noise and music : a matter of risk perception?
Sensorineural hearing loss, vertigo, and tinnitus
Menière's disease : prevalence and clinical picture
The musician's body : a maintenance manual for peak perfrormance
The senses : a comprehensive reference. Vol. 3, Audition
Tinnitus : treatment and relief
Non occupational noise : sources, exposure and effects on hearing
Psychological processes in deaf children with complex needs: : an evidence-based practical guide
Management of the tinnitus patient
The Oxford handbook of auditory science : vol. 2. the auditory brain
Dizziness, hearing loss and tinnitus
Dearest mum, dearest dad : Adjusting to old-age deafness
The effects of hearing impairments on learning, social development and family life can be profound. They can impact on attachment, parenting and family interaction, and can affect cognitive and neuropsychological processes including perception and memory.  This guide draws on the latest evidence to explain the impact of hearing impairment and uses case studies to focus on the key issues for assessment and intervention. It also suggests practical strategies for treatment and development for those working with hearing impaired children.
Dizziness, hearing loss, and tinnitus : the essentials of neurotology
