http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p19470 Assyrians
Assyrians
The Neo-Assyrian myth of Ištar's descent and resurrection : introduction, cuneiform text, and transliteration with a translation, glossary, and extensive commentary
State archives of Assyria. Vol. 14, Legal transactions of the Royal Court of Nineveh : part 2 : Assurbanipal through Sin-šarru-iškun
The use of numbers and quantifications in the Assyrian royal inscriptions
Treasures of the Iraq Museum
The ancient Near East
A Nuzi private archives : morphological considerations
The prosopography of the Neo-Assyrian empire. Volume 2, Part 2, L-N
State archives of Assyria. Vol. 6, Legal transactions of the royal court of Niniveh, Part 1 : Tiglath-Pileser III through Esarhaddon
Khabur ware and Nuzi ware : their origin, relationship, and significance
The royal inscriptions of Aššur-Nāṣir-Apli II (883-859 B.C.) : a study of the chronology of the Calah inscriptions together with an edition of two of these texts
State archives of Assyria. Vol. 7, Imperial administrative records, part 1 : Palace and temple administration
State archives of Assyria. Vol. 10, Letters from Assyrian and Babylonian scholars
State archives of Assyria. Vol. 2, Neo-Assyrian treaties and loyalty oaths
Irangeles : Iranians in Los Angeles
Babylonians and Assyrians : life and customs
Studies on war in the ancient Near East : collected essays on military history
Naures Atto identifies in this historical anthropological analysis the present-day identity discourses among Assyrian/Syriac elites in the European diaspora. The most heated discussion during the last four decades among Assyrians/Syriacs has been what the 'correct name' of their people should be in Western languages. Hostages in the Homeland, Orphans in the Diaspora aims to develop a deeper understanding of this 'name debate'. The emigration of Assyrians/Syriacs from the Middle East and their settlement in Western countries dislocated their former identity discourses, which have since then entered into a transformation process and have been subsequently re-defined in relation to the new context. In this context, the 'name' of their people has become the core element in their new identity discourses, displacing previous nodal points such as religion and language. The redefined identity discourses have also been explained as attempts to find a remedy for the Hostages' and Orphans' Dilemma experienced among Assyrians/Syriacs, an expression of their search and struggle for recognition and existence.
Hostages in the homeland, orphans in the diaspora : identity discourses among the Assyrian/Syriac elites in the European diaspora
The role of Naqia/Zakutu in sargonid politics
Diagnoses in Assyrian and Babylonian medicine : ancient sources, translations, and modern medical analyses
Sex and gender in the ancient Near East : proceedings of the 47th Rencontre Assyriologique Internationale, Helsinki, July 2-6, 2001.. Part 2
Aspects of old Assyrian trade and its terminology
City as lofty as heaven : Arbela and other cities in Neo-Assyrian prophecy
State archives of Assyria. Vol. 4, Queries to the Sungod : divination and politics in Sargonid Assyria
Handbook to life in ancient Mesopotamia
A historical geography of Anatolia in the old Assyrian colony period
State archives of Assyria. Vol. 8, Astrological reports to Assyrian kings
Power and women in the Neo-Assyrian palaces
The military establishments at Mari
The Babylonian correspondence of Esarhaddon and letters to Assurbanipal and Sin-šarru-iškun from Northern and Central Babylonia
Lingering over words : studies in ancient Near Eastern literature in honor of William L. Moran
Assyrian costumes = Les costumes assyriens
State archives of Assyria. Vol. 11, Imperial administrative records, part 2 : Provincial and military administration
The arena of Tiglath-pileser III's campaign against Sarduri II (743 B.C.)
Welcome to Assyria - your land on the Cyber Space : music and the Internet in the establishment of a transnational Assyrian identity
The Armenians, Assyrians & Kurds : three nations, one fate?
Assyrians in Chaldean and Achaemenian Babylonia
Assyrians, Kurds, and Ottomans : intercommunal relations on the periphery of the Ottoman Empire
An old babylonian version of the Gilgamesh epic
The royal correspondence of Ur
Studia Etanaica : new texts and discussions
Assyria's expansion in the 8th and 7th centuries and its long-term repercussions in the West
Reforging a forgotten history : Iraq and the Assyrians in the twentieth century
The sky-god An-Anu
The palace of Sargon, king of Assyria : monumental wall reliefs at Dur-Sharrukin, from original drawings made at the time of their discovery in 1843-1844 by Botta and Flandin = Le Palais de Sargon d'Assyrie
The neo-Aramaic dialect of Barwar
Prophecy in its ancient Near Eastern context : Mesopotamian, biblical, and Arabian perspectives
The prosopography of the Neo-Assyrian empire. Volume 2, Part 1, Ḫ-K
A prehistoric mound in the Emirate of Umm-al-Qaiwain, U. A. E. : excavations at Tell Abraq in 1989
The mechanics of empire : the northern frontier of Assyria as a case study in imperial dynamics
The construction of the Assyrian empire : a historical study of the inscriptions of Shalmanesar III (859-824 B.C.) relating to his campaigns to the West
The seven tablets of creation : or the Babylonian and Assyrian legends concerning the creation of the world and of mankind
Nippur in late Assyrian times c. 755-612 BC
The prosopography of the Neo-Assyrian empire. Volume 1, Part 1, A
The legend of Etana : a new edition
State archives of Assyria. Vol. 13, Letters from priests to the kings Esarhaddon and Assurbanibal
State archives of Assyria. Vol. 15, The correspondence of Sargon II. Part III : letters from Babylonia and the eastern provinces
State archives of Assyria. Vol. 5, The correspondence of Sargon II. Part 2 : Letters from the northern and northeastern provinces
Armies and enemies of ancient Egypt and Assyria : Egyptian, Nubian, Asiatic, Libyan, Hittite, Sea Peoples, Assyrian, Aramean (Syrian), Hebrew, Urartian, Median, Elamite, Babylonian, Schytian, 3200 BC to 612 BC
See inside the ancient world
Old Assyrian laws
Although the impression may still linger that Assyrian women are hidden and unavailable for study, nothing could be farther from the truth. There is a rich treasure trove of textual, visual and archaeological information that gives a detailed and coherent picture of women in the temples and palaces of Assyria. This study reveals that women in Assyria were definitely in the public arena and their lives were not as circumscribed or limited as has been previously supposed. The positions they held in palaces and temples frequently required administrative abilities, business acumen and literacy. In the temples women participated in public rituals and female prophets revealed messages to heads of state. Female musicians performed at public events while foreign female musicians were popular and much sought after. Royal women had names and images displayed in public. Women in the temples and palaces of Assyria generated great respect from the king himself, his circle of advisors and Assyrian and foreign officials. They actively and noticeably participated in the great institutions of Assyria. This study makes an important contribution to the increasing number of publications on women in other areas of Mesopotamia and the larger ancient Mediterranean world.
Renal and rectal disease texts
The prosopography of the Neo-Assyrian empire. Volume 3, Part II, Š-Z
Assyrian documents in the Musée d'Art et d'Histoire, Geneva
Beyond hearth and home : women in the public sphere in neo-Assyrian society
Prophets and prophecy in the ancient Near East
Meaning-making variations in acculturation and ritualization : a multi-generational study of Suroyo migrants in Sweden
State archives of Assyria. Vol. 1, The correspondence of Sargon II. Part 1 : letters from Assyria and the West
Text and transmission : an empirical model for the literary development of Old Testament narratives
State archives of Assyria. Vol. 12, Grants, decrees and gifts of the Neo-Assyrian period
State archives of Assyria. Vol. 16, The political correspondence of Esarhaddon
Some aspects of the hiring of workers in the Sippar region at the time of Hammurabi
The origins of cities in dry-farming Syria and Mesopotamia in the third millenium B.C
The land of Shinar
Babylonian and Assyrian laws, contracts and letters
An Assyrian odyssey : covering the journey of kasha Yacoub Yauvre and his wife Mourassa from Urmia to the court of Queen Victoria 1879-1881, and, The exodus of Assyrians from their ancestral home, 1918
A Mediterranean seascape from Khorsabad
The messenger in the ancient Semitic world
North to another country : the formation of a Suryoyo community in Sweden
Myths from Mesopotamia : creation, the flood, Gilgamesh, and others
The Assyrian heritage : threads of continuity and influence
Fifty Neo-Assyrian legal documents
References to prophecy in Neo-Assyrian sources
Tell Shimshara, the Hassuna period
State archives of Assyria. Vol. 3, Court poetry and literary miscellanea
The Gilgamesh epic and Old Testament parallels
Sex and gender in the ancient Near East : proceedings of the 47th Rencontre Assyriologique Internationale, Helsinki, July 2-6, 2001
The sky-god, An-Anu
Studies in old Assyrian loan contratcs
Enuma eliš : the Babylonian epic of creation : the cuneiform text
The prosopography of the Neo-Assyrian empire. Volume 3, part 1, P-Ṣ
The modern Assyrians of the Middle East : encounters with Western Christian missions, archaeologists, and colonial powers
The prosopography of the Neo-Assyrian empire. Volume 1, Part 2, B-G
Neo-Assyrian judicial procedures
Business documents of the Hammurapi period from the British Museum
Hurrian personal names in the Rimah archives
The eponyms of the Assyrian Empire 910-612 BC
State archives of Assyria. Vol. 9, Assyrian prophecies
Differences in ancient Assyria : some methodological questions
Assyria 1995 : proceedings of the 10th Anniversary Symposium of the Neo-Assyrian Text Corpus Project Helsinki, September 7-11, 1995
Assyrians after Assyria
The mythology of kingship in Neo-Assyrian art
The Babylonian correspondence of Sargon and Sennacherib
Keeping the faith : Syriac Christian diasporas
Myths from Mesopotamia : creation, the flood, Gilgamesh and others
The Amarna letters
