http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p19460 geography of religion
geography of religion
Science and religion : understanding the issues
The God delusion
The significance of complexity : approaching a complex world through science, theology, and the humanities
The way the world is : the Christian perspective of a scientist
Science and spirituality : making room for faith in the age of science
This volume brings together twenty studies relating to the history of the Latin principalities established in Palestine and Syria from their foundation in the course of the First Crusade up to their defeat by Saladin at the battle of Hattin in 1187. Half of the essays deal with the first three decades of the Frankish settlement, focusing on the monarchy of the kingdom of Jerusalem under Godfrey of Bouillon, Baldwin I and Baldwin II, and on the origins and prosopography of the Frankish nobility. Beyond this are longer-ranging studies devoted to sacred and secular aspects of the landscape and population of Palestine, including the settlement of the city of Jerusalem, the military use of the relic of the True Cross, and wider strategic considerations concerning the defence of the Holy Land. The final section considers how the Franks perceived and interacted with the Muslim and native Christian inhabitants of Syria, Palestine and neighbouring lands, with a particular emphasis on the evidence of the great chronicle of William of Tyre.
Is nature enough? : meaning and truth in the age of science
How religion works : towards a new cognitive science of religion
Traditional organization and content informs this new text which is distinguished by its anthropological and sociological analysis. Sacred space, ritual performance, and sacred texts figure significantly in each religious traditions portrait, along with historical overviews and phenomenological insights and a focus on diverse groups or sects within each tradition. Unlike other texts, Christianity is broken out among its major divisions (early/primitive, Roman Catholic, Orthodox, and Protestant). Features include a full-color interior, numerous photographs of art and artifacts, maps, timelines, tables, textboxes, pedagogy (outlines, questionsend of chapter and possibly integrated into the text, key terms, reading lists), and a glossary.
Space and conversion in global perspective
Introducing anthropology of religion : culture to the ultimate
Nature, space and the sacred : transdisciplinary perspectives
Walford's guide to reference material. Vol. 2, Social and historical sciences, philosophy and religion
A place for truth : leading thinkers explore life's hardest questions
Inventing the universe : why we can't stop talking about science, faith and God
An armchair guide to the Middle East. Vol. 1, Introduction
The Oxford Handbook of Medieval Christianity takes as its subject the beliefs, practices, and institutions of the Christian Church between 400 and 1500AD. It addresses topics ranging from early medieval monasticism to late medieval mysticism, from the material wealth of the Church to the spiritual exercises through which certain believers might attempt to improve their souls. Each chapter tells a story, but seeks also to ask how and why 'Christianity' took particular forms at particular moments in history, paying attention to both the spiritual and otherwordly aspects of religion, and the material and political contexts in which they were often embedded. This Handbook is a landmark academic collection that presents cutting-edge interpretive perspectives on medieval religion for a wide academic audience, drawing together thirty key scholars in the field from the United States, the UK, and Europe. Notably, the Handbook is arranged thematically, and focusses on an analytical, rather than narrative, approach, seeking to demonstrate the variety, change, and complexity of religion throughout this long period, and the numerous different ways in which modern scholarship can approach it. While providing a very wide-ranging view of the subject, it also offers an important agenda for further study in the field.
Spook : science tackles the afterlife
The message of the atoms : essays on Wolfgang Pauli and the unspeakable
The ghost in the universe : God in light of modern science
The world's religions : western traditions
The state of religion atlas
Connected places : region, pilgrimage, and geographical imagination in India
Interpreting the universe as creation : a dialogue of science and religion
Religion : from place to placelessness
Place and orientation are important aspects of human experience. Place evokes geography and culture and conjures up history and myth. Place is not only a particular physical location but an idea, a mental construction that captures and directs the human relationship to the world. The contributors to this volume invite us to reflect on the significance of places, real and imagined, in the religious traditions they study and on how places are known, imagined, remembered and struggled for. Whether looking at the ways myth and ritual reinforce the Yoruba's bond to the land or at Australian Aboriginal engagements with the origins of the created world, exploring Hildegard of Bingen's experience of heaven or myths of the underworld in contemporary American millennialism, listening to oral narratives of divine politics and deserted places of Rajasthan or investigating literal and literary images of the Promised Land, these essays underscore that place is constructed in the intersection of material conditions, political realities, narrative and ritual performance.
The Britannica guide to India : a comprehensive introduction to the world's fastest growing country
Dragons and tigers : a geography of South, East and Southeast Asia
The Cambridge encyclopedia of Japan
Discussion on scientific atheism as a Soviet science 1960-1985
Sacred words and worlds : geography, religion, and scholarship, 1550-1700
Topographies of faith : religion in urban spaces
Greece
[Mental spaces and ritual traditions] : [an international Festschrift to commemorate the 60th birthday of Mihály Hoppál]
Why would anyone believe in God?
The problem of ritual
Walford's guide to reference material. Vol. 2., Social and historical sciences, philosophy and religion
Sacred geographies of ancient Amazonia : historical ecology of social complexity
Locating the sacred : theoretical approaches to the emplacement of religion
The shorter science and civilisation in China. Volume 1 : Volumes 1 and 2 of the major series : China: its language, geography and history : Chinese philosophy and scientific thought: an abridgement of Joseph Needham's original text
Scandinavian psychology of religion
Christianity as a world religion
Science & religion : a new introduction
Gods of the city : religion and the American urban landscape
The world's religions : eastern traditions
The geography of religion : faith, place, and space
This unique collection highlights the importance of landscape, politics and piety to our understandings of religion and place. The geographies of religion have developed rapidly in the last couple of decades and this book provides both a conceptual framing of the key issues and debates involved, and rich illustrations through empirical case studies. The chapters span the discipline of human geography and cover contexts as diverse as veiling in Turkey, religious landscapes in rural Peru, and refugees and faith in South Africa. A number of prominent scholars and emerging researchers examine topical themes in each engaging chapter with significant foci being: religious transnationalism and religious landscapes; gendering of religious identities and contexts; fashion, faith and the body; identity, resistance and belief; immigrant identities, citizenship and spaces of belief; alternative spiritualities and places of retreat and enchantment. Together they make a series of important contributions that illuminate the central role of geography to the meaning and implications of lived religion, public piety and religious embodiment. As such, this collection will be of much interest to researchers and students working on topics relating to religion and place, including human geographers, sociologists, religious studies and religious education scholars.
Boundaries of faith : geographical perspectives on religious fundamentalism
Atlas of world religions : a visual history of our great faiths
Sacred geography : deciphering hidden codes in the landscape
Atlas of medieval Europe
Irreligion : a mathematician explains why the arguments for God just don't add up
God's undertaker : has science buried God?
Our places, their spaces : urban territoriality in the Northern Irish conflict
Concepts of the other in Near Eastern religions
How to plan a crusade : reason and religious war in the High Middle Ages
The Franks in Outremer : studies in the Latin principalities of Palestine and Syria, 1099-1187
The world's religions : understanding the living faiths
Ritual happens in distinct places – in temples, in caves, along pilgrimage routes – and religious activities there incorporate a diverse set of objects such as holy water, cult statues, and sacred texts. Understanding religious ritual requires viewing it not as a disembodied event, but as emplaced, grounded in both built and natural surroundings, and integrated with its associated material objects. Here authors examine various religious practices in the Greco-Roman world and pilgrimage routes in contemporary Israel. Other contributions focus on the East, on domestic religion in prehistoric Taiwan, and the palimpsest of ritual activity in Buddhist China. One author considers not just ritual's built and natural setting, but also the landscape of the human mind. By way of conclusion, many of the recurring issues concerning the material and topographic matrix of ritual practice are expanded upon in a final meditation on sacred space. The papers in this volume, with their disciplinary, geographic, and chronological diversity, will serve as a resource for theoretical approaches to the study of ritual practice that may have broad cross-cultural application and provide new insight into the relationship between ritual and place. The volume is based on a conference held at Brown University.
In the steps of Saint Paul : an illustrated guide to Paul's journeys
Understanding contemporary Latin America
Structures and patterns of religion
After migration and religious affiliation : religions, Chinese identities and transnational networks
The western construction of religion : myths, knowledge, and ideology
The big questions in science and religion
Since its founding at Harvard in 1992, The Veritas Forum has provided a place for the university world to explore the deepest questions of truth and life. Now gathered in one volume are some of The Veritas Forum's most notable presentations. Volume editor Dallas Willard introduces each presentation, highlighting its significance and putting it in context for us today. Also included are selected question and answer sessions with the speakers from the original forum experiences.
Religions in the modern world : traditions and transformations
Religion, space and the environment
Sacred places, sacred spaces : the geography of pilgrimages
The Universe as communion : towards a neo-patristic synthesis of theology and science
An introduction to human geography : issues for the 21st century
Atlas of the world's religions
The emergence of the science of religion in the Netherlands
Reinventing the sacred : a new view of science, reason and religion
Based on ethnographic explorations in cities across the globe, 'Topographies of Faith' offers a unique and compelling analysis of contemporary religious dynamics in metropolitan centers. While most scholarship on religion still sidelines questions of spatiality and scale, this book creatively draws on perspectives from urban studies to study the spatiality of religion in modern cities. It shows how globalization, transnational migration and urban expansion in big cities engender new religious forms and practices and their spatial underpinnings. Space affects urban religious diversity,religious innovations, decline or vitality. But it also shapes the relationships between religion and social equalities. Spanning distances between New York, Delhi and Johannesburg, the book also engages with issues of secularity and religious vitality in genuinely new ways. Contributors include: Irene Becci, Synnove Bendixsen, Marian Burchardt, Jose Casanova, Murat Es, Ajay Gandhi, Weishang Huang, Godwin Onuoha, Samadia Sadouni, Peter van der Veer, and Leilah Vevaina.
Religion and place : landscape, politics and piety
"This new survey text for comparative religion, authored and edited by Lawrence Sullivan, successfully marries traditional approaches with analysis drawn from anthropology and sociology to explain the making of meaning in leading religious traditions. Sacred space, ritual performance, sacred texts, historical overviews and phenomenological insights are all examined in this full-color text to show the rich diversity of religious belief and practice. Distinctive in this volume are separate chapters on the diversity of Christianity across the globe. Features include numerous photographs of art and artifacts, maps, timelines, tables, textboxes, pedagogy, and a glossary."--Publisher description.
The problem of disenchantment : scientific naturalism and esoteric discourse, 1900-1939
The quest : history and meaning in religion
Sacred worlds : an introduction to geography and religion
Scandinavian mythology
Aatehistoria
Landscapes of the sacred : geography and narrative in American spirituality
Michael Ruse provides a new analysis of the often troubled relationship between science and religion.
Occultism, witchcraft, and cultural fashions : essays in comparative religions
Galileo, Darwin, and Hawking : the interplay of science, reason, and religion
Modern Europe : place, culture and identity
Dawkins' God : genes, memes, and the meaning of life
Dance, music, art, and religion : based on papers read at the Symposium on Dance, Music, and Art in Religions held at Åbo, Finland, on the 16th-18th August 1994
Trade routes and pilgrimage trails as a factor of integration : sanctuaries and cult
The Britannica guide to the Islamic world : religion, history, and the future
Understanding contemporary Asia Pacific
Human geography : people, place, and culture
Religions of the world : an introduction to culture and meaning
Adventures in the spirit : God, world, divine action
Geography of religions
Experiences of place
World political reference atlas
English summary: The religion of the bronze age : studies of the iconography of the nordic bronze age.
The diversity of sacred lands in Europe : proceedings of the third workshop of the Delos initiave : Inari/Aanaar, Finland, 1-3 July 2010
The Oxford handbook of medieval christianity
Lived religion : conceptual, empirical and practical-theological approaches : essays in honor of Hans-Gunter Heimbrock
