http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p19487 nose
nose
Cummings otolaryngology - head & neck surgery. Volume 3
Ultrasound in the management of acute rhinosinusitis patients in primary care
The history of the handkerchief
Nasopharyngeal carcinoma : keys for translational medicine and biology
Otolaryngology : basic science and clinical review
Nenäkangas-type conglomerates - evidence of a major break in the sedimentation of the early Proterozoic (Karelia) quartzites in Kainuu, northern Finland
Acland's DVD atlas of human anatomy. DVD 4, The head and neck ; Part 1
Interactions between oral and nasal microorganisms and the bioactive glass S53P4 with special reference to nasal cavity surgery
Essential otolaryngology : head & neck surgery
Laryngeal teaching series. Volume 2, Inside the scream
Scott-Brown's otorhinolaryngology, head and neck surgery. Vol. 2
Bacteriology of acute maxillary sinusitis and nasal flora in young adults
Abstract.
Acute maxillary sinusitis in young adults : etiological factors
Laryngeal teaching series. Volume 3, Inside the singing voice
Head, eyes, ears, nose, and throat emergencies
Cummings otolaryngology : head & neck surgery. Vol. 1
A short-acting opioid, alfentanil, before closed reduction of nasal fracture
Cummings otolaryngology : head & neck surgery. Volumes 1-3
The use of radiofrequency thermal ablation for the treatment of upper airway disorders
The printed square : vintage handkerchief patterns for fashion and design
Ers & Isian 2006 : The 21st Congress of the European Rhinologic Society, The 25th International Symposium on Infection and Allergy of the Nose : June 11-15, 2006, Tampere, Finland : abstracts
Exposure-related human cancer : molecular changes in sinonasal cancer and lung cancer, with focus on TP53 mutations
An atlas of otolaryngic pathology
There's a spell up my nose
Acland's DVD atlas of human anatomy. DVD 4, The head and neck. Part 1
Scott-Brown's otorhinolaryngology, head and neck surgery. Vol. 3
Spectacles, lorgnettes and monocles
Laryngeal teaching series. Volume 1, Inside the voice
Volumetric estimation of structures and lesions of the respiratory, reproductive and central nervous systems
Current diagnosis & treatment in otolaryngology - head & neck surgery
Fizzlebert stump and the bearded boy
Bioactive glass in frontal sinus and calvarial bone defect obliteration : experimental and clinical studies
Current diagnosis & treatment in otolaryngology : head & neck surgery
Nasal mite infection of the dog : prevalence, diagnosis and treatment
XII World congress of oto-rhino-laryngology, June 21-27, 1981, Budapest, Hungary : programme
Ear, nose, and throat diseases : with head and neck surgery
Tatted handkerchiefs
Cummings otolaryngology - head & neck surgery. Volume 2
Manual of dysphagia assessmant in adults
Obstructive sleep apnea from symptoms to follow-up
Rhinoplasty : a practical guide to functional and aesthetic surgery of the nose
16th congress of the Scandinavian oto-laryngological society, Helsinki, June 27 to 30 1966 : abstracts
Primary care ENT
Molecular diagnosis of upper respiratory tract infections
Summary: Nasal administration of drugs.
Cummings otolaryngology : head & neck surgery. Vol. 2
Epidemiology, management and outcome of facial injuries
Acland's DVD atlas of human anatomy. DVD 3, The trunk
There's a pig up my nose!
Nasal polypoid rhinosinusitis : clinical course and etiological investigations
Allergy in ENT practice : the basic guide
Video atlas of cleft lip and palate surgery
Paediatric otorhinolaryngological findings in Luanda, Angola
Pediatric emergency medicine
Objective evaluation of nasal dimensions in children with acoustic rhinometry
Color atlas of ENT diagnosis
Endoscopic surgery versus balloon sinuplasty in chronic rhinosinusitis
Manual of endoscopic sinus surgery : and its extended applications
Transfer and toxicity of some drugs and chemicals in the olfactory mucosa and bulb
Transactions of the XVIth Congress of the Scandinavian Oto-laryngological Society, Helsinki, June 27-30, 1966
Acute otitis media in infancy : occurrence and risk factors
Cummings otolaryngology : head & neck surgery. Vol. 3
Summary.
Rembrandt's nose : of flesh & spirit in the master's portraits
Rhinology : diseases of the nose, sinuses, and skull base
Abstract. - Yhteenveto.
Velopharyngeal function in asociation with artificial obstruction of the nose : a videonasendoscopic study
A perfect teaching tool for singing and speaking voice teachers.
Endoscopic sinus surgery : anatomy, three-dimensional reconstruction, and surgical technique
Color atlas and textbook of human anatomy. 2, Internal organs
Lecture notes on diseases of the ear, nose and throat
Scott-Brown's otorhinolaryngology, head and neck surgery. Vol. 1
Kortikosteroidien käyttö nenän tukkoisuuden lievityksessä lisääntynyt = Ökad användning av kortikosteroider för att lindra täppt näsa = Increased use of corticosteroids as nasal decongestants
Neurogastronomy : how the brain creates flavor and why it matters
Dacryocystorhinostomy : prospective comparison of three dacryocystorhinostomy techniques in treatment of primary acquired nasolacrimal sac and duct obstruction in adults
Studies on the bacteriology of acute otitis media
Clinical validation of rhinometric measurements
Functional reconstructive nasal surgery
Nasal mucous membrane in atrophic rhinitis with reference to symptomfree nasal mucosa : histology, histochemistry and exfoliative cytology
A girl called Dog
Treatment results of nasopharyngeal cancer
Endoscopic sinus surgery or Caldwell-Luc operation in the treatment of cronic and recurrent maxillary sinusitis
The Ear, nose and throat findings in finnish school children
The ear, nose and throat findings in Finnish school children
A perfect teaching tool for singing and speaking voice teachers!
Reconstruction of cranial bone defects with fiber-reinforced composite-bioactive glass implants
Ear, nose, and throat diseases : a pocket reference
Development and diagnostics of bacterial acute rhinosinusitis in young adults
Pediatric otolaryngology for the clinician
Presents dissections of unembalmed human bodies, allowing access to specific content through indexes and keyword searches. The specimens rotate relative to the camera, giving a three-dimensional view. Synchronized narration introduces strutures and their relationships. Links to section contents and index appear throughout; the main menu offers access to the index, table of contents (including review) and glossary for each disc.
Clinical atlas of ear, nose and throat diseases in small animals : the case-based approach
