http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p19473 diesel power plants
diesel power plants
Enter into Worldwide OEM partnership agreement
Reliability of diesel generators in the Finnish and Swedish nuclear power plants
Wind-diesel systems : a guide to the technology and its implementation
This thesis was commissioned by Wärtsilä Technical Service. The aim was to survey and report processes concerning engine service tools and to make conclusions about mistakes in tool deliveries and tool usability to be able to avoid same mistakes in future. Mostly the survey concerned tool configuration, identification, design and delivery processes. The starting point of the survey was that many problems occur in the engine service tool deliveries and usability. These errors created work for the Technical Service a lot during the last few years. Because of lack of resources, no one had examined the problems properly. Most of the problems were related to the tool identification process. Needs for development were also found in the design process, configuration process and internal information management. During the survey, information was collected from colleagues, intranet, busines management software, internet and from literary sources. Statistical analysis about error deliverys was made and analyzed. During the survey, it was found difficult to collect information inside a large organisation. Conclusions about the present situation were made and needs for development found. These development ideas were represented for the interested parties.
Survey of modern power plants driven by diesel and gas engines
This thesis was done for Wärtsilä Finland Ltd. The purpose of this thesis is to describe Wärtsilä 50 dual fuel engine?s automation systems in the gas commissioning phase of the power plant. This thesis is used as a work instruction for commissioning engineers. W50 dual fuel engine is an engine that can be operated with multiple fuel types. These are light fuel oil, heavy fuel oil and natural gas. In this work is concentrated on running the engine with natural gas. The quality of the natural gas has a great impact on performance and on the output of the engine. Engine automation system is used to achieve safe operation of the engine and to make the engine more easily predictable for maintenance. Implementing changes to engine running values is used to achieve efficiently operating power plant. Completed thesis includes a comprehensive content of commissioning the engine automation system.
Evaluation of diesel power plants in four countries : Indonesia
Waste streams for algae cultivation
Evaluation of diesel power plants in four countries : Tanzania
Deactivation effects of biofuels on SCR catalysts
Root cause study of crude oil cavitation in fuel return pipes
W50DF power plant engine automation system in gas commissioning phase
Service tools for diesel engine
Diesel engines. Volumes 1 & 2, for ship propulsion and power plants from 0 to 100,00 kW
Prefeasibility study on small-scale cogeneration plants
Evaluation of diesel power plants in four countries : Nepal
Evaluation of diesel power plants in four countries : Peru
Diesel power plant as a generation instrument for China's electricity sector : a microeconomic approach
Evaluation of diesel power plants in four countries : summary
