http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p19418 text publications
text publications
Problems. Rhetoric to Alexander. Vol. 16, Books 20 - 38
The Fragments of the Roman Historians is a definitive and comprehensive edition of the fragmentary texts of all the Roman historians whose works are lost. Historical writing was an important part of the literary culture of ancient Rome, and its best-known exponents, including Sallust, Livy, Tacitus, and Suetonius, provide much of our knowledge of Roman history. However, these authors constitute only a small minority of the Romans who wrote historical works from around 200 BC to AD 250. In this period we know of more than 100 writers of history, biography, and memoirs whose works no longer survive for us to read. They include well-known figures such as Cato the Elder, Sulla, Cicero, and the emperors Augustus, Tiberius, Claudius, Hadrian, and Septimius Severus. Beginning with a detailed introduction explaining the history of scholarly research on the subject, the principles and methods used in editing the fragmentary texts, the literary style of the historians, and a surevy of the secondary texts that cite and preserve the fragments of the lost works, these three volumes bring together everything that is known about these historians and their works. Volume one provides an introduction to each historian, outlining what is known of their life and works. Volume two sets out the critical text with facing English translation, and volume three offers a detailed and up-to-date commentary on each of the historical fragments. The work also lists the full concordances with previous editions and contains detailed indexes.
In The Learned Banqueters, Athenaeus describes a series of dinner parties at which the guests quote extensively from Greek literature. The work (which dates to the very end of the second century CE) is amusing reading and of extraordinary value as a treasury of quotations from works now lost. Athenaeus also preserves a wide range of information about different cuisines and foodstuffs, the music and entertainments that ornamented banquets, and the intellectual talk that was the heart of Greek conviviality. S. Douglas Olson has undertaken to produce a complete new edition of the work, replacing the previous Loeb Athenaeus (published under the title Deipnosophists).
The making of Mauritian Creole : analyses diachroniques à partir des textes anciens
Editing texts : Texte edieren
Two revisions of Rolle's English psalter commentary and the related canticles. Vol. 2
Understanding SGML and XML tools : practical programs for handling structured text
Building XML applications
The Old English canons of Theodore
Shofòtim = Judges
The colloquia of the Hermeneumata Pseudodositheana. Vol. 1, Colloquia Monacensia-einsidlensia, Leidense-Stephani, and Stephani from the Hermeneumata Pseudodositheana
Frogs was produced in 405 BCE, shortly after the deaths of Sophocles and Euripides. Dionysus, the patron god of theater, journeys to the underworld to retrieve Euripides. There he is recruited to judge a contest between the traditional Aeschylus and the modern Euripides, a contest that yields both sparkling comedy and insight on ancient literary taste. In Assemblywomen Athenian women plot to save Athens from male misgovernance. They transfer power to themselves and institute a new social order in which all inequalities based on wealth, age, and beauty are eliminated - with raucously comical results. The gentle humor and straightforward morality of Wealth made it the most popular of Aristophanes' plays from classical times to the Renaissance. Here the god Wealth is cured of his blindness; his newfound ability to distinguish good people from bad brings playfully portrayed social consequences.
Religious controversy in Europe 1378-1536 : Textual transmission and networks of readership
Legislative acts of the CIS and the Baltic States on citizenship, migration, and related matters
Ultimate guide to link building : build backlinks, earn a higher search engine rank, increase the authority and popularity of your site
The Martiloge of Syon Abbey : the texts relevant to the history of the English Birgittines
Compendium of EC intellectual property law
The earliest advocates of the English Bible : the texts of the medieval debate
Digital literature : from text to hypertext and beyond
Producing SGML-documents with public domain tools
The SGML handbook
The Katherine group : a three manuscript parallel text : Seinte Katerine, Seinte Marheret, Seinte Iuliene, and Hali Meiđhad, with wordlists
Introduction to the paperback edition.
Criminal law : text and materials
The SGML implementation guide : a blueprint for SGML migration
P0es1s : Ästhetik digitaler Poesie = The aesthetics of digital poetry
The Fragments of the Roman historians is a definitive and comprehensive edition of the fragmentary texts of all the Roman historians whose works are lost. Historical writing was an important part of the literary culture of ancient Rome, and its best-known exponents, including Sallust, Livy, Tacitus, and Suetonius, provide much of our knowledge of Roman history. However, these authors constitute only a small minority of the Romans who wrote historical works from around 200 BC to AD 250. In this period we know of more than 100 writers of history, biography, and memoirs whose works no longer survive for us to read. They include well-known figures such as Cato the Elder, Sulla, Cicero, and the emperors Augustus, Tiberius, Claudius, Hadrian, and Septimius Severus. Beginning with a detailed introduction explaining the history of scholarly research on the subject, the principles and methods used in editing the fragmentary texts, the literary style of the historians, and a surevy of the secondary texts that cite and preserve the fragments of the lost works, these three volumes bring together everything that is known about these historians and their works. Volume one provides an introduction to each historian, outlining what is known of their life and works. Volume two sets out the critical text with facing English translation, and volume three offers a detailed and up-to-date commentary on each of the historical fragments. The work also lists the full concordances with previous editions and contains detailed indexes.
The learned banqueters. Vol. 8, Book 15 Indexes
John Mirk's Festial. Vol. 2
Constitution Act of Finland ; Parliament Act ; Procedure of Parliament
Road traffic : law and practice
Compendium of EC competition law
Using the Dictionary of Old English Corpus for linguistic analyses : a basic classification of the textual sources
Applying SGML to publishing process
Charles F. Goldfarb's XML handbook
Birds, Lysistrata, Women at the Thesmophoria
Text encoding initiative : background and context
XML by example : building E-commerce applications
Problems, the third-longest work in the Aristotelian corpus, contains thirty-eight books covering more than 900 problems about living things, meteorology, ethical and intellectual virtues, parts of the human body, and miscellaneous questions. Although Problems is an accretion of multiple authorship over several centuries, it offers a fascinating technical view of Peripatetic method and thought. Rhetoric to Alexander, which provides practical advice to orators, was likely composed during the period of Aristotle's tutorship of Alexander, perhaps by Anaximenes, another of Alexander's tutors. Both Problems and Rhetoric to Alexander replace the earlier Loeb edition by Hett and Rackham, with texts and translations incorporating the latest scholarship.
The Greek commentaries on Plato's Phaedo. 2, Damascius
Robert the Monk's History of the First Crusade = Historia Iherosolimitana
On text document classification and retrieval using self-organising maps
In Birds Aristophanes turns from the pointed political satire characteristic of earlier plays to a fantasy that soars literally into the air in search of a carefree world. Here the enterprising protagonists create a utopian counter-Athens, called Cloudcuckooland, ruled by birds. Lysistrata blends boisterous comedy and an earnest call for peace. Lysistrata, our first comic heroine, organizes a panhellenic conjugal strike of young wives until their husbands end the war between Athens and Sparta. Athenian women again take center stage in Women at the Thesmophoria, this time to punish Euripides for portraying them as wicked. Parody of Euripides' plots enlivens this witty confrontation of the sexes.
The new Dutch patents act
Radiant textuality : literature after the World Wide Web
Electronic publishing construction kit : creating multimedia for disk, CD-ROM, and the Internet
Richard Morris's Prick of conscience
Editing Greek and Latin texts : papers given at the twenty-third annual Conference on Editorial Problems, University of Toronto 6-7 November 1987
Four Eighteenth-century medical dissertations under the presidency of Nils Rosen : edited and translated, with an introduction and commentary
Professional style sheets for HTML and XML
Russian company and commercial legislation
Text, ConText, and HyperText : writing with and for the computer
Developing SGML DTDs : from text to model to markup
Designing XML Internet applications
An Alexandrian erotic fragment and other Greek papyri chiefly Ptolemaic
Eustathios of Thessalonike. Parekbolai on Homer's Odyssey 1–2
The Middle English Wise Book of Philosophy and Astronomy : a parallel-text edition
Two revisions of Rolle's English Psalter commentary and the related canticles
A companion to digital humanities
The environment acts 1990-1995
The Text Encoding Initiative (TEI) Guidelines for Electronic Text Encoding and Interchange are the result of over six years' work by dozens of scholars from all over the world. As such, they represent a pioneer effort in an area where only occasional and isolated attempts were made before. They will certainly serve as the primary basis for encoding texts in electronic form for the foreseeable future. The work of participants in the TEI not only involved consideration of problems of text encoding that are likely to be with us for decades to come, but also required the development of a methodology - from scratch - for approaching these problems. These pioneering efforts, while likely to be refined and extended, must not be lost: they provide the intellectual basis upon which text encoding practices will build in the future. This collection therefore documents the course of these efforts. `The TEI Guidelines are extraordinary. Even if they were never adopted they would stand as a significant contribution to scholarship for their detailed analysis of the information sets of a huge range of complex text types.' From the Preface by Charles E. Goldfarb, inventor of the Standard Generalized Markup Language.
Two revisions of Rolle's English psalter commentary and the related canticles. Vol. 3
Wheelock's Latin reader : selections from Latin literature
Criminal Procedure (Scotland) Act 1995
Frogs ; Assemblywomen ; Wealth
Converting documents into Adobe Acrobat PDF format : case VTT
Sweet & Maxwell's consumer law statutes
Aetia
ABCD...SGML : a user's guide to structured information
Practical SGML
Curriculum : SMS (School of Mobile Studies, Fine Art Group)
Extreme Markup Languages 2000 : the expanding XML/SGML universe : 15-18 August 2000, tutorials: 13-14 August 2000, Montréal, Canada, Hotel Wyndham Montréal : conference proceedings
The XML handbook
A late fifteenth-century dominical sermon cycle : edited from Bodleian Library Ms e Museao 180 and other manuscripts
The last pagans of Iraq : Ibn Waḥshiyya and his Nabatean agriculture
The fragments of the Roman historians. Volume 1, Introduction
Anglo-Saxon charters
The Antinoopolis papyri
Plutarch's Advice to the bride and groom and A consolation to his wife : English translations, commentary, interpretive essays, and bibliography
SGML and HTML explained
Biblia Hebraica quinta. 13, The twelve minor prophets
The Greek commentaries on Plato's Phaedo. 1, Olympiodorus
French commercial code in English 2005
The fragments of the Roman historians. Volume 2, Texts and translations
Papyri from Hermopolis and other documents of the Byzantine period
Sweet & Maxwell's criminal law statutes
The fragments of the Roman historians. Volume 3, Commentary
Constitutional laws of Finland. Procedure of Parliament
Restoration of the independence of the Republic of Estonia : selection of legal acts (1988-1991)
