http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1943 hearing disorders
hearing disorders
Cochlear implants for kids
Fading sounds : about hearing and hearing aids
Speech perception and auditory performance in hearing-impaired adults with a multichannel cochlear implant
Teaching healthy musicianship : the music educator's guide to injury prevention and wellness
Auditory processing disorders : assessment, management, and treatment
Listening to subtitles : subtitles for the deaf and hard hearing
A systems approach to individual hearing conservation
Hearing loss, balance problems and molecular defects in osteogenesis imperfecta : a nationwide study in Finland
Hearing : its physiology and pathophysiology
Journal of speech and hearing research
Hearing conservation among classical musicians : needs, means, and attitudes
Exposure to gunfire noise : some auditory and non-auditory consequences associated with disability and handicap in army officers
Children's speech sound disorders
Meniere's disease in Finland : an epidemiological and clinical study on occurrence, clinical picture and policy
Molecular regulation of the development and death of inner ear hair cells and neurons
Summary.
Genetic factors in bone disorders : osteogenesis imperfecta, juvenile osteoporosis and stress fractures
The Oxford handbook of auditory science : vol. 2. the auditory brain
Introduction to audiologic rehabilitation
Audiology answers for otolaryngologists
The MIT encyclopedia of communication disorders
Audiology and communication disorders : an overview
Musicophilia : tales of music and the brain
3rd International Congress of Paediatric Audiology : Access to communication
The impact of genetic hearing impairment
Paediatric otorhinolaryngological findings in Luanda, Angola
The hearing-loss guide : useful information and advice for patients and families
Soldiers are at risk of incurable noise-induced hearing loss (NIHL) in military activities. Therefore the prevention of hearing loss is important. The large variation in individual susceptibility to NIHL is well known but the reason for this is not completely understood.The data of this current comprehensive register-based follow-up study consist of the health records, hearing measuring results and occupational history of 1 941 soldiers. The occurrence and degree of hearing losses among soldiers who served between 1965 and 2007 was investigated by comparing groups formed according to year-class and service branch. An association between cardiovascular risk factors and NIHL was also assessed. Furthermore the efficacy of the hearing conservation measures carried out by the Finnish Defence Forces (FDF) and the Finnish Border Guard (FBG) was evaluated.Noise turned out to be the major risk factor of hearing impairment among the investigated soldiers. The occurrence of NIHL (hearing threshold at 3,4 or 6 kHz >40 dB) was at least around 10 percentages lower among soldiers who started their career in 1990s than in the older year-classes 15 years after the beginning of military career. Concurrently, the decline of the average degree of hearing loss at high tones improved around 20 dB. The occurrence of NIHL was the lowest among pilots, musicians and naval soldiers, and the highest among soldiers in engineering and air defense corps. No clear difference was found between cardiovascular risk factors and NIHL with the exception of hyperglycemia. A clear temporal connection was found between the decline of the occurrence of NIHL among the soldiers and the hearing conservation measures carried out in the late 80s. A review of the four-stage hearing classification used in Finnish occupational health service since the 1970s, as well as the guidelines that rely on them, is needed.
Human auditory evoked potentials
Communication disorders in educational and medical settings : an introduction for speech-language pathologists, educators, and health professionals
Auditory processing disorders : assessment, management and treatment
The singer's guide to complete health
Hearing in children
Nurses' experiences from communicating with hearing impaired patients
An introduction to auditory processing disorders in children
Human auditory cortical functions: rate and intensity effects and reorganization after unilateral hearing loss : whole-scalp neuromagnetic studies
Joint multimodal management of hearing impairment in conversations at home : implications for communication therapy
Military aviation noise : noise-induced hearing impairment and noise protection
Deaf cognition : foundations and outcomes
Clinical management of children with cochlear implants
Understanding tinnitus : managing the noises in your ears or in your head
Hearing : anatomy, physiology, and disorders of the auditory system
Deafness and child development
Practical audiology for speech-language therapists
Hearing science : recent advances
Deafness and hearing loss : the essential guide
Working memory and education
Early development of children with hearing loss
Pathophysiological effects of vibration with inner ear as a model organ
"Audiology Answers is designed to supplement and reinforce the audiology component of the otolaryngology/ENT resident training program. In addition, this book will be useful for medical students doing otolaryngology clerkships, physicians of all specialties who see patients for ear problems, and students enrolled in undergraduate communication sciences and graduate-level speech-language pathology programs. Audiology students will also appreciate this quick-reference source early in their training. The book will be written in Q/A format and generously illustrated. The most commonly performed diagnostic tests will be covered, with emphasis given to those topics that may be encountered in daily practice and that are most likely to appear on the otolaryngology board exam"--Provided by publisher.
Cochlear implants
School-based audiology
Meeting a Hearing Impaired Patient : Guide for Nursing Students
Engineering noise control : theory and practice
Assessment and management of central auditory processing disorders in the educational setting : from science to practice
Acoustic trauma in regular army personnel : clinical audiologic study
Handbook of hearing aid amplification. Vol. 1, Theoretical and technical considerations
Hearing among Finnish professional soldiers : epidemiological study
Vocal health and pedagogy : volume II : advanced assessment and practice
From gesture to language in hearing and deaf children
Fundamentals of audiology for the speech-language pathologist
The effects of genetic hearing impairment in the family
Communication disorders : remedial principles and practices
Human auditory cortical functions : rate and intensity effects and reorganization after unilateral hearing loss : Whole-scalp neuromagnetic studies
Hearing conservation among among classical musicians : needs, means and attitudes
Train in the night : a story of music and loss
Abstract.
Essentials of communication sciences & disorders
Extraordinary measures : disability in music
Investigations of noise-related tinnitus
Abstract. - Yhteenveto.
Written by a professional musician who is also a certified occupational therapist, Teaching Healthy Musicianship first and foremost help music educators avoid common injuries that they themselves encounter, and in the process it also equips them with the tools they need to instill healthy musicianship practices in their students. Author Nancy Taylor combines her two unique skill sets to provide a model for injury prevention that is equally cognizant of the needs of music educators and their students. Through practical explanation of body mechanics, ergonomics, and the performance-related health problems and risk factors unique to musicianship, she gives music educators the tools they need to first practice healthy posture, body mechanics, environmental safety, and ergonomics, and then to introduce these same practices to their students. Thoroughly illustrated with 125 photographs, this book is a key resource for preservice and inservice teachers of middle school and high school band, orchestra, choir and general music.
Non occupational noise : sources, exposure and effects on hearing
Overcoming deafness : the story of hearing and language
Paediatric cochlear implantation : evaluating outcomes
Military aviation noise
Costs and effectiveness of hearing aid rehabilitation in the elderly
Discovering speech, words, and mind
I know someone with a hearing impairment
Speech audiometry
Handbook of clinical audiology
Hearing disorders in adults : current trends
Cochlear hearing loss : physiological, psychological and technical Issues
Hearing impaired infants : support in the first eighteen months
Paediatric audiology 0-5 years
Introduction to audiology
Aphasia in atypical populations
Acute acoustic trauma in Finnis Defence Forces in 2003.
Pediatric audiology : diagnosis, technology, and management
Offers scientific, clinical and philosophical insights regarding various issues and procedures in audiology. This book incorporates material in the physiology, assessment, diagnosis and management of hearing disorders.
