http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p19415 supply chains
supply chains
Retail supply chain : challenges and prospects
Logistic optimization of chemical production processes
Market research: Outsourcing companies' indirect procurements to a third party (Company X Ltd.)
Development of QA/QC Setup for NOR delivery projects
Increasing the efficiency of inland transportation in China
Supply chain management in the context of economic area : case study for the development of ICT branch in the city of Oulu
This text offers a comprehensive introduction to the theory and practice of e-business and e-commerce management. The author, Dave Chaffey, brings his trademarks of authority, clarity of expression and teaching expertise to bear on a subject in which he actively lectures and consults.
The handbook of supply chain costing
Implementation of Itella mail Logistics System in Ghana Postal Services
This text takes a strategic, managerial, and cross-functional view of supply chain management, enabling managers to participate in the vision and implementation of world-class supply chain networks. To achieve this, the book introduces a Supply Chain Roadmap process model as a guiding framework for designing and implementing integrated supply chains. Students gain the knowledge and analytical tools to perform analysis and act as change agents within their organizations.
Do delivery terms influence the amount of the goods-in-transit inventories in the multinational organization? : case study
Improving Internal Software Applications of Buyers : Case of Nokia Siemens Networks HWS Buyers
Agility in international fast fashion retailing
Product characteristics favoring Merge-in-Transit distribution model
Operational efficiency of forest energy supply chains in different operational environments
This Bachelor's thesis focuses on the implementation process of a new supply chain customer and provide guidelines for future implementation processes. The focus was on the problems with the current implementation process and the ways in which the parties involved overcome the difficulties. The research was condcuted in face-to-face and email interviews of the personnel involved with the daily supply chain process. Both authors have been working with the case company during the time of the implementation process and can contribute with their own experience as well. The study includes introdcution, an overview of the concepts and definitons. Theoretical frame of reference introduces the generally acknowledged practices in supply chain management and third-party logistics.  Case study section focuses to the processed and methosds used in the suply chain. The evaluation of the implemenation process in the discussion sections suggests improvements and conclusion for service provider to take under considaration to further develop the service concept. The case company is a Finnish freight forwarding company in the field of logistics and it operates throughout the globe. Service range consists of air, sea and terminal operations.  The key customer of the research is a wholesaler for various merchandise retailers in Finland and they have a supply flow from Far and South-East Asia, Central Europe and Baltic's. The research mainly focuses on the Far East Asian trade as it consist majority mode of transportation for the key customer.
The purpose of this thesis work was to research the bottlenecks in solar energy, to calculate energy payback time and to increase solar energy in Finland. This thesis was made as part of the Solarleap project, where Turku University of Applied Sciences and Satakunta University of Applied Sciences are partners together. This thesis is the first step on this project, and there will be more researches when the project goes forward. The theory part consists of solar energy and its effectiveness in Finland. The most common photovoltaic and thermal photovoltaic technologies are also presented. In the theory part, renewable energy sources and possibilities in Finland and also photovoltaics supply chain is discussed. The research part includes a discussion on the bottlenecks in solar energy, the investment costs of photovoltaic systems and the payback time of energy. Solar energy has lots of potential in Finland, but solar energy?s market share is small and the knowhow could be better. Also the energy payback time is bigger than in Europe.
Maximizing secondary raw material and energy recovery-sustainable logistics networking
Improving Order Fulfillment in an SME e-Commerce Company
Consignment stock in group trade : sales and delivery processes of Bayer Schering Pharma Oy
The main goal of this engineering thesis was to examine Tupla chocolate bar's route from manufacturer to consumer. The length of this transportation is interesting since the Tupla bar is food and therefore, will eventually expire. In February of 2003 there was carried out a withdrawal because of a misstaste found in Tupla. The Best Before  dates on the returned products reveal how old products there are for sale. A survey was also arranged to find out how the withdrawal was experienced both at Leaf Oy and at the cooperating companies this project concerned. The results of the survey were analyzed.
Supplier codes of conduct : acting responsibly in global supply chains
Potential of solar energy in Finland : research for Solar Leap
Supply chain management : from vision to implementation
The supply chain imperative : how to ensure ethical behavior in your global suppliers
Recent developments in green and sustainable supply chains
Evaluating Warehouse-outsourcing options for a small IT-retail company : A case study
Nordic case reader in logistics and supply chain management
Investigation of different types of electronic produrement systems : case: Lemcon Oy
The state of logistics in Finnish wholesale companies
The role of top management in supply chain management practices
Evaluation of supply chains based on sense and respond and sustainable competitive adnatage [i.e. advantage] (SCR) : a case study for Iran automotive industry
Developing the transportation process at Metso Minerals Inc, Tampere Works
Implementing supply chain strategy
Agent as a supply chain coordinator
Building supplier engagement with the sustainability agenda : case study
Improving business processes and productivity in the supply chain
Understanding the concept of logistics cost in manufacturing
Analysis of the slow adaptation of build to order in automotive industry
Supply chain management : a logistics perspective
Supplier coaching material at Valmet Automotive
E-business and e-commerce management : strategy, implementation and practice
First-time-right procurement : substitution of the paradox purchasing savings through first-time-right procurement (FTRP)
Supply chain in tourism destinations : the case of Levi Resort in Finnish Lapland
Hybrid approach for the design of the supply network : a systematic review
Improving order fulfillment in an SME e-commerce company
Corporate Responsibility in Supplier Selection Process at Algol Chemicals
Procurement : total cost of ownership, scarcity, cost-benefit analysis, cost-utility analysis, expected value, supply chain management, tool, Just-in-Time (business), shared services
Implementation of VMI supply model in process industry environment
Improving logistics Parts Per Million (PPM) tool at Valmet Automotive
Journal of supply chain management
Transport logistics and energy efficient supply chains across the borders : compilation of the results of two seminars held at St. Petersburg and Kouvola
Decreasing the duration of a consignment implementation project
Abstract: This study discusses the supply chain of a small e-commerce company. The focus is on Supplier Relationship Management and procurement. The objective of this study was to give recommendations and suggestions for the case company to answer the current challenges and to improve the order fulfillment operations in order to avoid and eliminate risks. The research was conducted as a case study. The case study started with conducting a current state analysis of the case company's order fulfillment operations, including a process flow description. Challenges and risks were recognized based on this analysis. Data collection was based on interviews with case company employees working on the related operations. The researcher's own observations were also utilized as one method. Following the current state analysis a theoretical review on related topics was conducted. The topics discussed were Supply Chain Management, Procurement, E-procurement, Supplier relationship management, supplier acquisition and assessment and processes. This review was based on literature and earlier studies written on these topics.    Based on the findings from the theoretical practices and the current state of the order fulfillment recommendations were provided for the case company. The recommendations cover supplier measuring and assessment, demand consideration, supplier integration and establishing processes. These proposals were identified as the main areas of concentration in possible future improvement to be performed by the case company.
Organic supply chains for small farmer income generation in developing countries : case studies in India, Thailand, Brazil, Hungary and Africa
Development of purchasing parameters : Pernod Ricard Finland Oy
Purchasing Functions Analysis and Development
Problems and benefits deriving from Tech Data Finland's warehouse move to Sweden
Public-private partnership investments in dry ports : Russian logistics markets and risks
Supply chain management and material handling in paper industry : case Tervakoski Oy
Trade credit dynamics during business cycles
PROFITABILITY IMPROVEMENT FROM EFFICIENT SUPPLY CHAIN MANAGEMENT IN A PROJECT-BASED COMPANY
Based on more than 10 years of practical experience in the field of supply chain management, Oliver Münch indicates that in favor of sustainability within the supply chain the paradox purchasing savings can and should be substituted with the approach of the First-Time-Right Procurement. This dissertation subjects the monetary measurement of purchasing savings to a critical examination and questions whether it still applies. It indicates that monetary purchasing savings exert a negative impact on sustainable company success. In order to achieve a long-term sustainable success, it is proposed that the monetary measurement of purchasing savings can be replaced by measuring process times within the procurement organization.
Tourism supply chain management
Supplier performance evaluation by using supplier scorecard
The Secret Recipe for Future Supply Chains – The Silent Voice of the Customer : Case: Freight Forwarding Company X
Prototype handling process in subcontracting projects
Farm equipment supply chains : guidelines for policy-makers and service providers: experiences from Kenya, Pakistan and Brazil
The effects of customer satisfaction on customer retention and loyalty in supply chain management : case study: Company XYZ
Managing the supply chain : the definitive guide for the business professional
Project management for information system development
Solution Delivery Capability Creation
Supply Manager’s Role Development In Industrial Supply Chain Process
Is Finland going Keiretsu : the importance of alliances and partnerships
Logistics Practices in the Service sector : The case study of New Fairmount Hotel, Zambia
Inadequate shipment information and its effect on intra-company processes
Supply chain efficiency with some forest industry improvements
Priority scheduling revisited - dominant rules, open protocols and integrated order management
Digital business and e-commerce management : strategy, implementation and practice
Developing an emergency response logistics programme for Tampere University of Applied Sciences
Vendor Managed Inventory : Case Wärtsilä Industrial Operations
Supply Chain Performance Measurement : The integrated project of Shengda Market and Lijin Agricultural Base
An Insight into Operations Research  : Applications in Logistics and Supply Chain Management
The Definitive Guide to Transportation : Principles, Strategies, and Decisions for the Effective Flow of Goods and Services
Development of operations planning (Borealis - a case study)
Introduction to Materials Management
Achieving supply chain excellence through technology. Vol. 2
Design of layout rearrangement of enterprise logistics based on the combination of slp and sha
The bullwhip effect in a supply chain : a multiple case study
e-Manufacturing : towards global engineering
Supplier Selection in Global Sourcing : the Case of Elevator Industry
Measuring Supply Chain Vulnerability : A Case Study
Redesigning the warranty return process
"This book provides both business and IT professionals a reference for practices and guidelines to service innovation in logistics and supply chain management"--Provided by publisher.
Conceptual framework for large-scale complex engineering-design & delivery processes : a case of enterprise SCM network activities and analysis
The handbook of logistics & distribution management
Logistics and supply chain management with artificial intelligence techniques : part 2
The lean, agile and green supply chain
An effective tool for supply chain decision support during new product development process
Improving the supply chain management for car spare parts
CARGO AND INFORMATION FLOW BETWEEN PORT RELATED PARTIES
Development of a social auditing management system to measure responsibility in a supply chain : Case Company: Pramia
A two-tier optimization model for a production-distribution network
Tiivistelmä: Impact of quality, procurement and quality in grocery industry.
E-business logistics, visions, innovations and research : Elo - E-Business Logistics technology programme 2002-2005
Implementation of SMI with consignment system to O-hub
Supply chain engineering of Sipradi organization
Delivery reliability : a study about delivery reliability in large machine or structure delivery projects
The aim for this study was to increase delivery reliability in large machine or structure delivery projects. The subject is still almost completely unstudied. Pragmatically the aim was to collect problems that cause loss of time and resources and therefore decrease of quality, to see if there are good practices or solutions to these projects and to test them in actual projects to see if they actually work and to get some data or evaluations about the saved resources. It took a much longer time than planned to complete this study, but this was rather a good thing for the project. This way it gave time to gather more experience-based knowledge, to see various practices in various projects, and most of all, gave time to try out the small improvements that make the difference. The method of having experience-based knowledge and other studies side by side brought depth and a good comparison to this study even though the other studies were not exactly about this topic. It was rather astonishing to notice that though there are hundreds and thousands studies about JIT (just in time) factory improvements and supply chain management for manufacturing industry, very little interest was given to delivery projects. The interviews revealed that every entity in this branch of business worries about some of these issues every now and then, but nobody had never given it a systematical approach. Quite remarkable is that the problems and solutions are the same in several different kinds of delivery projects. It is also interesting is that these problems are not usually one-of-a-kind and good practices are at least known, but still unused. Even small changes can make significant savings to project.The solutions introduced in this study have been proven efficient and that by implementing even some of them in use, a fair amount of resources can be saved. Therefore the study can be considered to be a success. Most of the actions are implemented to practice and thus the results can be considered reliable. Yet, there are still a great deal of possibilities to continue to study this matter and to go deeper in details as this study is at the general level.
International performance of emerging market firms : marketing and supply chain capabilities and host country institutions
Process redesign in development of forest biomass supply for energy
Better supplier managemet for supermarket chains in China : Case study of Beiguo Supermarket
The incredible payback : innovative sourcing solutions that deliver extraordinary results
Supplier’s delivery improvement : case study: Post & Telecommunication Equipment Joint Stock Company
Contemporary logistics
Developing supply chain management maturity model
The Use of Simulation with Supply Chains
Improvement of environmental stone business : case: K-Rautapohja Oy
Impact of sales and operations planning on company's business performance
TAMK Logistics Innovation Laboratory : Project Logivo
Supply Chain Engineering : Models and Applications
The Effects of Packaging in the Supply Chain
Designing an international supply chain
Abstract: The aim of supply chain management is the delivery and service chain optimization, cost reduction, increase in sales and enhanced customer service. In the Nordic countries, where the distances are long, it is normally necessary to maintain inventories. Another reason for inventories is often uncertainty. Inventories must be maintained as customers want fast shipping, but do not tell in advance when and how much they are going to buy different products. The supply chain management is a very practical activity. It is not solved by using statistical models, or by the IT systems. The most important part of the chain, are the people. The employees should, however, use mathematics and systems to help improve the efficiency of the supply chain.    The purpose of this work was to review old and define new purchasing parameters for Pernod Ricard Finland Oy and create a continuous process to define the parameters for the company by using mathematical and statistical methods. The goal of this research was to get better understanding of planning fluctuations and improve and define the planning parameters with fact based knowledge.    An action research study was carried out during autumn 2012 and spring 2013. This work initially examined the various theories to improve purchasing parameters, in particular the management of the safety stocks, and determined what kind of planning method should be used for planning various types of products in order to generate the best possible forecast with right information to suppliers and other parties.    Based on the theory new parameters for the purchase of Pernod Ricard Finland Oy were defined for certain products, implemented into system and the results were analyzed after few months. As the results of the research trial were promising the final result of the project was a new process and guidelines on how the purchasing parameters will be defined in the company.
Improving an order-delivery process with Process Management and Lean methodology : case: Startex Oy
Developing reverse logistics in rental returns management : case: 3 Step IT Group Oy
Customer acquisition and purchasing process : A case study at TTT Technology Corp.
Terrorism and an international supply chain
Supply Chain Security Using RSA Algorithm
The automotive industry and its supply chain has historically been a pioneer. However, in its second century the car industry is lagging behind in supply chain management and is not able to streamline the production volume to meet demand. The automotive industry is estimated to have 20% of overcapacity worldwide. The automotive supply chain and the production methods have not changed much since Henry Ford's Model T over a century ago. Customer oriented Build to Order approach has been identified to be the opposite to current Build to Stock, but adapting new approach in complex and conventional supply chain is easier said than done. Hence the study compares the two major logistic and production approaches used in automotive industry, build to order and build to stock. The study has been conducted as a desktop study, benefitting from the author's personal experience and interest in the field. The aim of the thesis is to find the reasoning behind the hardly proceeding shift from build to stock to build to order. The study also suggests improvements to automotive supply chain even if it was to stay as build to stock. It is suggested in the thesis that an even bigger obstacle than investments in new machinery, technology in the factory and lack of knowledge, is the mindset in the industry. Things have been done the way they have been for a century, and it is difficult to convince the industry that not only a change, but many changes are needed to achieve flexibility in all the aspects.
Improving Delivery Quality in Supply Chain : a Case Study
Service science and logistics informatics : innovative perspectives
Research methodologies in supply chain management
Packing, shipping and folding instructions to Chinese suppliers : Reima limited company
Effective outsourcing throughout the supply chain in the automotive industry
Improving internal software applications of buyers : case of Nokia Siemens Networks HWS buyers
Upstream coopetition in the Finnish forest industry : the case of the labour and roundwood markets
Case Tupla : accomplishing a withdrawal and determining the ages of the withdrawn products
This final thesis was done as a part of Tampere University of Applied Sciences (TAMK) International Business degree, the final thesis of International Business degree is worth 15 cr. The final thesis was done to Valmet Automotive Inc., which is a Finnish contract vehicle manufacturing company.  The purpose of the final thesis was to study a part of Valmet Automotive's Partner Web, which is a web-based information and evaluation hub for VA and VA's associates such as suppliers. This final thesis was done as a part of Tampere University of Applied Sciences (TAMK) International Business degree, the final thesis of International Business degree is worth 15 cr. The thesis relates to logistics, as a part of the TAMK IB degree and the Green Supply Chain Management module. The final thesis was done to Valmet Automotive Inc., which is a Finnish contract vehicle manufacturing company that also offers various vehicle engineering services, including manufacturing, concept cars and convertible roof engineering and design.  The thesis study was conducted at the Valmet Automotive premises in Uusikaupunki, using the tools provided by Valmet Automotive. The purpose of the final thesis was to study a part of Valmet Automotive's Partner Web, which is a web-based information and evaluation hub for VA and VA's associates such as suppliers. The area of study was a Parts Per Million application (also referred as PPM), which is an application that tracks numerous different supplier deviations, for example delayed deliveries and quality deviations. The application is also capable of displaying the deviations in different type of charts. The idea of the application is to enhance supplier cooperation, as well as evaluate performance and engage in continuous improvement. After introducing background theory for supply chain management and supplier man-agement, the goal was to examine the definitions of the PPM application, namely how the application handles the deviation calculations. Valmet Automotive's interest in the final thesis subject was to examine the effects of long transportation times on the PPM figure accuracy. In order to create comparable data, four  comparable suppliers were chosen. The only differentiating factor from the study's point of view was transportation times. The main goal of the research was to find improvement ideas as well as potential problems on the application. Thesis related background information, research, analysis and conclusion have been removed from this final thesis version on the basis of confidentiality agreement.
Perspectives on value creation and coopetition
Strategic purchasing practices : the case study of PAUL Bakery UK
Supply Chain Management in Fast Fashion
Logistics & supply chain management
Procurement Quality Research. Case: Foster Wheeler Energia Oy
Decreasing work caused by supplier related non-conformities : Case KONE Industrial Ltd
How companies are securing their supply chain during crisis situations
Offshoring and outsourcing under demand uncertainty : a supply chain management analysis
Migrating ship waste management from India to Finland : analysis of opportunities and risks in an industrial symbiosis of sustainable ship recycling
Supply chain visibility : from theory to practice
Viability of e-commerce from a b2c case company perspective
Study of supply-chain operational reference-model
Internal logistics as a part of supply chain : case : Nokia-China, Dongguang Branch
Production planning development at KM Pakkaus
Managing diversity in public organizations / Silvia Popescu and Rauno Rusko
Performance measurement of mechanics supply line management in the context of product development in an electronics company
Delivering service quality
Improvement of Environmental Stone Business  : Case: K-Rautapohja Oy
Experience has shown that a basic prerequisite for successful mechanization of the agricultural sector requires a well-functioning supply chain. To draw lessons for achieving this goal, the FAO Rural Infrastructure and Agro-Industries Division commissioned three mechanization supply chain case studies. The studies were conducted in Kenya, Pakistan and Brazil and the information contained in them has been used as the basis for the analysis presented in this technical report. Historically, public sector efforts to supply mechanization services have often failed as costs greatly exceeded income and the maintenance of aging machinery fleets became too great a burden. However it is evident that the public sector does have a role to play in complementing the activities of the private sector in a synergistic partnership. The main role of the public sector is to have the vision of a national mechanization strategy and to cultivate an enabling environment which allows the private sector to operate effectively. One key possibility described in the report is that of linking equipment supply chains across continents. This is exemplified by an account of the evolution of no-till technology in Brazil which is now being successfully used by farmers in Asia and Africa. A key stakeholder in this supply chain development has been FAO in conjunction with the international donor community, as they have been in a position to take a holistic view to encourage private sector actors and so disseminate profitable mechanization technologies from one continent to another. The main recommendations of the technical report are aimed at policy makers in the public sector, although there is plenty of interest to other stakeholders, especially machinery suppliers and mechanization service providers. However the ultimate beneficiaries are small and medium scale farmers who are the recipients of the services provided.--Publisher's description.
Change management in the internal supply chain
Studies on the utilization of electronic trading systems in supply chain management
This thesis was done for Valmet Automotive, and especially for their projects. The purpose was to create supplier coaching material for Valmet Automotives logistics, as well any other potential materials needed for coaching. These materials can ensure that logistic coaching is done containing all prerequisite logistical areas. In addition, these materials enable functional and effective cooperation along with unproblematic supplier chain functions. The implementation of the coaching is also discussed in this thesis. The theoretical section consists of research into the new and global logistical environment. Changes resulting from moving operations mainly within Europe to global environment also introduce many new aspects to the supply chain, including communication, business cultures and wider supply chain management. In the empirical section the actual supplier coaching material for logistics is created, including all the different logistical areas in which suppliers need to receive instruction. Coaching materials also exist for current customers / suppliers, but this material can only be used as a checklist. In this new material the changes which the global logistical environment has brought to different logistical areas are examined.
Implementation of manufacturing data management application in the scientific research project
Supply chain quality in supplier and customeer context at Aker Mäntyluoto Oy
INFORMATION FLOW OPTIMIZATION OF PURCHASING FROM CHINA : Case: Suomen Glasluckan Oy
Impact of quality, procurement and quality in grocery industry
Implementing a new supply chain customer for the case company X
The logistics and supply chain toolkit : over 90 tools for transport, warehousing and inventory management
Developing the information flow of inbound logistics
Design of layout rearrangament of enterprise logistics based on the combination of slp and sha
Supply Chain at Eniram Oy : delivery and productization process phases and improvement ideas from the supply chain`s point of view
Improving the internal supply chain from a case company perspective
"In order to run successful logistics operations managers need to have a vast breadth of knowledge of the tools and techniques needed to maintain efficiency in the supply chain.The Logistics Toolkit provides logistics managers in the areas of transport, warehousing and inventory with a comprehensive set of tools to tackle many of the day-to-day issues in order to drive efficiency and business success. In a busy, rapidly moving environment it offers quick, reliable advice and combines crucial logistics tools with key business techniques including SWOT analysis, Gantt Charts and Cause and Effect Analysis. Each tool is explained and put into context and examples are given of how it can be used within logistics"--
Purchasing and supply chain management : strategies and realities
Optimization of material flows
ERP : tools, techniques, and applications for integrating the supply chain
Optimization of supply chain for small automotive parts : case Avtoframos plant, Moscow
Supply Chain Modelling. A Practical Approach : Case: Go Double A Oy
Key figure analysis : Store X and Store Y
Evaluating the Supply Chain of Ghana Cocoa from a  company point of view
