http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p19444 Bachelors of Economic Sciences
Bachelors of Economic Sciences
Britain and the world economy
States under scrutiny : international organizations, transformation and the construction of progress
Chilean journal of agricultural research
Voices of Asia : news stories on growth and poverty by award-winning journalists
Economic valuation of ecosystem services of the Gulf of Finland : a pilot study with the choice experiment method
Replacement decisions on Finnish dairy farms : toward better economic performance with novel technology and sustainable herds
Integrated climatic impacts of forestry and fibre-based packaging
The effects of exchange rates in sawnwood exports from Finland and Sweden during the EMU regime
Oxford regional economic atlas. Africa
The Role of Health Tourism on Azerbaijani Economy : Case Study of  Salt Mountain  Physiotherapy Center of Nakchivan
Portfolio management and the competitiveness of forest ownership
Management education in a historical perspective : the business school question and its solution in Finland
Essays on economic behaviour : HIV/AIDS, schooling, and inequality
Atlas of the forest sector in Northwest Russia 2009
Research report
Countercyclical macroprudential policy is to be strengthened in the euro area. The European Central Bank will be assuming new macroprudential powers, as single banking supervision commences in autumn 2014 and the countercyclical buffer requirement is due to be introduced in all euro area countries no later than the beginning of 2016. Even so, a significant part of euro area macroprudential policy will continue in the future to be the responsibility of national authorities. In the operating environment of the single monetary policy, euro area Member States will be able to support their own and the area's economic stability and to improve the financial system's resilience to crises through pursuing robust national macroprudential policies..
Financial cycles, monetary policy and macroprudential policy in the euro area
Significance of Financial Reporting to Stakeholders in Nigeria-Investor's Perspective
Developing a consistent and unbiased index for timberland returns
Palvelumenojen muutokset lapsiperheissä 1990-luvulla = Changes in service consumption expenditures of families with children in the 1990s
Essays on shocks, welfare, and poverty dynamics : microeconometric evidence from Ethiopia
The Finnish sawmill industry has been placed in a predicament due to changes in the business environment since the 1990s. Along the predicament, the industry has shifted its focus on customer-oriented products from production-oriented products. This can be a manifestation of a surge of value-adding strategy which aims to add premium value on products and has been emphasized in academia. Studies on the effects of value-adding strategy on financial performances are very few and no studies have taken into account the existence of strategic groups in the industry. This study scrutinizes the effects of value-adding strategy as well as cost levels of Finnish sawmills on their financial performances with information of strategic groups. The study employs multiple linear regression analysis and cluster analysis to analyze financial performance and of 180 Finnish sawmills from 2002 to 2011, although not all the data was utilized due to lack of certain information. The study found that value-adding activity positively impacts the performance, especially in the longer term. In addition, investment in the previous year as a mean to implement value-adding strategy can enhance the performance of a firm. As for the costs side, higher material cost and salary generally hamper the performance in the short term. However, the study found the positive effect of salary that improves the performance when the information of strategic groups is taken into account. Although it is impossible to tell which components of salary contribute performance due to the nature of the data that the study used, the importance of investing in human resource should be acknowledged.
Conversion to organic wine production : exploring the economic performance impacts
Effects of reindeer grazing and forestry on ground lichens in Finnish Lapland
Water and health in Egypt : an empirical analysis
Individual transferable quotas in the Baltic Sea herring fishery : a sociobioeconomic analysis
Process-times in the Clean Development Mechanism (CDM) cycle : from validation to registration
Agricultural market liberalisation in Zambia : success, failure and the road ahead
Solid woodbased fuels in energy production in Finland
Foreign subsidiary development of furniture industry in the context of global recession : case of Vietnam
Pace of debt growth disquieting
Fisheries management costs : the case of Baltic salmon fishery
Global economic growth will gain momentum in the forecast period
The countercyclical capital buffer requirement is one of the new macroprudential instruments that will come into use in Finland. It enables the strengthening of the banking sector's resilience to systemic risks resulting from excessive credit growth. In setting the requirement, strong emphasis should be placed on a small range of indicators to be selected, defined and published in advance. In contrast, reducing or releasing the buffer should primarily be based on judgment by the relevant authorities..
Institutional constraints to formal sector lending : a case of Tanzania
Expansion of manufacturing export and investment in Kyrgyzstan
An evaluation of the offshore regime in Tunisia
Creation and exploitation : an analysis of Sweden's intellectual property performance
Exposure of Finnish property returns to macroeconomic variables
Monetary policy and the global economy
Economic survey : February 2005
Young people's perceptions of the wood products industry : a relational view
Farms of northern Finland
Essays on manufacturing production in a developing economy : Kenya 1992-94
Economic consequences of fuel tax concessions removal in northern Baltic salmon fisheries
The global economy is expected to grow by a full 3% annually in 2017-2018, i.e. only slightly faster than in 2016. World trade growth will remain slow relative to GDP growth, as in recent years. In the United States and China, economic growth will continue to be strong and will sustain global growth. A slight rise in the oil price will support gradual economic recovery in Russia. Euro area growth is expected to remain relatively brisk, driven by domestic demand. Brexit will cast a shadow over the growth outlook, particularly for the United Kingdom but also to some extent for the rest of Europe. Emerging economies will continue to develop at a relatively steady pace during the forecast period and are not expected to be much affected by the dip in European growth..
Essays on environmental policy-making in developing countries : applications to Costa Rica
Combining ecological and economic assessment of waste management options : case newspaper
Added value of environmentalism in the printing business
Global growth remains sluggish
Macro-economic management and bureaucracy : the case of Botswana
Dependence and collective self-reliance in Southern Africa : the case of the Southern African Development Coordination Conference (SADCC)
Entry and growth strategies of Finnish food companies in the Ukrainian food market
Germany 2006
The prolongation of the recession, accumulation of public debt and ageing of the population are eroding the growth potential of the Finnish economy. Potential output growth is expected to remain below 1% over the next 25 years.
Structural change in the Swedish economy : empirical and methodological studies of changes in input-output structures
Latvia has been suffering a substantial decrease in population since the early 1990s. There appears to have been little or no detailed analysis of the genesis of this decline in population. The major political event occurring at the beginning of the population decline was the rapid transitioning from socialism to capitalism. This study has revealed the causes of severe population decline to be a combination of steadily-declining birth rate, sharply rising high death rate, and mass emigration of people to wealthier European states. The cross-over of birth rate and death rate could be attributed to the tumultuous societal upheavals in the changeover from the socialistic protective-welfare system to a free-market capitalistic economic system. In particular, this traumatic event had probably affected the physical and mental health of many people to result in premature deaths from, among other things, consequential morbidity, accidents, homicides and suicides. Practicable remedies to arrest the continuing trend of precipitous decline in the population might include a) repairing the failures of the current modality of national health care, b) creating higher paying jobs in Latvia to entice prospective young emigrants to stay in Latvia, and c) repatriating of recent Latvian émigrés.
Improving efficiency assessments using additive data envelopment analysis models: an application to contrasting dairy farming systems
Towards the abyss? : the political economy of emergency in Haiti
Forest in an international investment portfolio
Wooden furniture industry is a traditional low-technology based and labor intensive industry (Kaplinsky & Readman, 2000), which is highly recommended for global outsourcing. Besides, the raising of "China plus one" manufacturing strategy made Southeast Asian countries became new investment destinations. In case of Vietnam, the largest exporter of wood products in Southeast Asian, wooden furniture industry is highly export-oriented with a fast growing rate especially since 2008 (MARD, 2012). While the global economic crisis in 2008 has a vital impact on the national economy, it is reported that the foreign subsidiaries in furniture industry in Vietnam have outstripped their local competitors (VNS, 2013). Despite the importance of foreign subsidiaries in Vietnam, there is lack of study regarding their competitive advantage and strategy. Investigating on how foreign subsidiaries respond to the external challenges is essential to support strategic knowledge on managing industry? Under the influence of market turbulence. This empirical study used qualitative data from interviews with eight managers of foreign furniture processing subsidiaries in Vietnam. Results indicated that under the influences of global downturn, managers have become more proactive and flexible in their strategic planning when facing with chaotic turbulence, which brings both opportunities and challenges. The study pointed out that the negative impact of global recession was passed through in later time in low-cost manufacturing countries and business risks could be minimized especially in companies with a strong pool of intangible resources (reputation, technology, innovation capability). Despite its complexity, recession was not completely seen a threat, yet the managers perceived it as external turbulence from which organizations can benefit but only if they choose the right strategic orientation.
Climate change and agriculture : theory and application of mitigation policies
Achievement of the employment objective requires faster economic growth
Consolidation measures strengthen public finances
Touch and feel : the role of tactile qualities on board packages
Azerbaijan : recent economic developents and policy issues in sustainability of growth
Economic update : Republic of Azerbaijan : November 2003.
Country economic review : Mongolia
Is Finland following the same path as Japan?
Macroeconomics : a European perspective
Republic of Benin 1997
Evolution and implementation of multifunctionality-related policies in China and Finland
Country economic review : India
Economic growth in the OECD area : recent trends at the aggregate and sectoral level
Euro area monetary policy has been eased significantly in recent years. The most important of the measures applied are the expanded asset purchase programme (EAPP), targeted longer-term refinancing operations and the introduction of a negative interest rate on the deposit facility. The Governing Council of the ECB has emphasised its commitment to securing a sustained adjustment in the path of inflation consistent with its inflation target, i.e. a level below, but close to, 2%. The asset purchase programme has proceeded as planned and has led to reductions across a broad spectrum of euro area interest rates..
International management : doing business operations in Russia
Currency crisis theories : some explanations for the Russian case
Britain's economic performance
Rural-urban policy effects on the regional economies of South Ostrobothnia and North Karelia
Estonian economy and European integration
The real plan and the exchange rate
One of the key objectives of the Government Programme is to raise the employment rate to 72% by the end of the parliamentary term. This means increasing the current number of people in employment by just over 100,000 by the end of 2019. If near-term economic growth is to remain around 1%, i.e. as foreseen in the baseline forecast, achievement of the objective will be unlikely. On the basis of the alternative scenario, attainment of the employment objective in the Government Programme requires markedly faster economic growth than at present. GDP growth in 2017-2019 should average 2.5% annually, i.e. about 1.3 percentage points faster than the baseline suggests, in order for the objective to be attained..
This paper studies the structural development of farms with more than one hectare of arable land in northern Finland and explores the reasons behind the development. The paper relies mainly on agricultural census information and farm register statistics, focusing on the period after World War II.Agricultural settlement expanded in northern Finland well into the mid- 1960s due to active policy measures. The period of extensive rural population was short-lived, however. A number of unfavourable factors emerged roughly simultaneously and the number of active farms declined from nearly 60,000 in the 1960s to about 10,000 in 2000. Finland's entry into the EU in the mid-1990s gave further impetus to the development toward fewer but larger farms.Today, active farms are several times as large as their predecessors 40-50 years ago. About 50 percent of all active farms in northern Finland are dairy farms, whose impact is considerably larger than their mere number would suggest.
The regional distribution of professional competence in Finland
The milk sector has received much attention in Europe due to the abolition of milk quotas in 2015 and its potential effect on the geographical distribution of milk production across countries. As a way of assessing the competitive advantage of Nordic EU countries, we investigated the productivity level and productivity growth of milk farms across eight countries of the Baltic Sea region from 1995 to 2010. We found considerable discrepancy in the productivity performance of dairy farms across countries. TFP growth rates indicate that, at farm level, the competitive positions of the older EU members are stable, and that there is no catching up from the newer EU entrants. We offer explanations for this evolution based on the different patterns of structural change followed by the studied countries.
Factors affecting the number of visits to national parks in Finland
Why has world trade slowed?
China's economic transformation
Executive summary (s. ii-iii).
The Cambridge companion to Keynes
Income statement information and real economic balance of municipalities : evidence from the municipalities of Finland
Recovery hinges on export markets
Social Upheaval, Poverty and the Latvian Demographic Crisis
How to identify green-washing in a green marketing strategy
Finland's long-term growth outlook
Ports, industries and economics in the urban history of Helsinki
The Governing Council of the ECB decided on an expanded asset purchase programme (EAPP) in January 2015. Purchases have thus far been conducted to a total value of almost EUR 780 billion. At its monetary policy meeting in March 2016, the Governing Council decided to further ease the monetary policy stance. Accordingly, markets expect monetary policy to remain accommodative for a prolonged period..
The macroeconomic position of Botswana
Malaysian healthcare industry
Structural adjustment and the working poor in Zimbabwe : studies on labour, women informal sector workers and health
Fostering public participation in budget-making : case studies from Indonesia, the Marshall Islands, and Pakistan
Cotton in the Mozambican colonial economy : a contribution to the project "Cotton production in Mozambique : a case-study of development problems and policies"
Forecast risks predominantly on the downside
(IR)relevance of currency-crisis theory to the devaluation and collapse of the Thai baht
Optimal management on uneven-aged Scots pine stands in Finland
The impact of emissions trading on the price of electricity in Nord Pool : market power and price determination in the Nordic electricity market
OECD economic surveys. Czech and Slovak Republics
North and westbound foreign trade potential of the Baltic Rim
Econometric models of Finnish non-industrial private forest owners' timber supply and timber stock
Hinduism and economic growth
The impact of biomass harvesting for bioenergy on the optimal climate change mitigation in managed forests
Political and economic outlook for Saudi Arabia : some issues for discussion
Policy influences on economic growth in OECD countries : an evaluation of the evidence
Informational efficiency of the European Union emission allowance market
Euro area growth dependent on domestic demand
India at the death of Akbar : an economic study
Societal cohesion and the globalising economy : what does the future hold?
Willingness to pay for improvements in the oil spill response capacity in the Gulf of Finland : an application of the contingent valuation method
Difficulties in emerging economies weigh on global growth
The cultural context of business : a study of firms in a Northern Nigerian society
Growth in corporate investment and exports is expected to be reflected in slowly improving output in the immediate years ahead. Nevertheless, owing to increased uncertainties in the global economy, there is a possibility that exports will not yet begin to rebound. On the other hand, the pick-up in domestic investment may be jeopardised if competitiveness problems cannot be resolved and the high degree of uncertainty surrounding fiscal consolidation persists. For these reasons, another possibility is that economic activity in the immediate future will be weaker than forecast..
Cultural stability and economic stagnation : India, c. 1500 BC - AD 1980
The Spending and Saving Behavior of the Finnish Population and its Impact on the Finnish Economy
Russian economic development since the revolution
Growth overshadowed by hard-to-quantify risks
Global economic growth will gain momentum in the forecast period. The sliding oil price will benefit oil-importing countries. In the euro area, the Extended Asset Purchase Programme (EAPP) has reduced funding costs, improved lending and strengthened the confidence of economic agents. The exchange rate developments to date support the growth and inflation outlooks of the euro area and Japan, while the recovery of the US economy is consistent with the strong US dollar. The Russian economy will contract over the next two years, following the collapse of the oil price. Economic growth in China will remain relatively robust..
World trade grew for decades considerably faster than global GDP. In recent years, the growth of international trade has slowed to the level of the GDP growth rate. Is the most hectic phase of globalisation already history? It would seem that, in the latter part of the first post-millennium decade, it was for the most part permanent structural factors that took centre stage, while transitory cyclical factors played only a minor role. Forecasts suggest world trade growth relative to global GDP is not likely to gain significant momentum in the immediate years ahead..
Essays on trade and productivity : case studies of manufacturing in Chile and Kenya
Essays on the currency effect on stock market relationships and stock return forecast
Health registers as a source of data for research and policy making
The Bank of Finland forecasts a global growth rate of 2.8% in 2016, rising only slightly to 3.2% in 2017-2018. The growth pick-up reflects a recovery of the emerging economies suffering from the recession. World trade growth in the forecast period will be close to world GDP growth. The forecasts for the United States and the EU22 are more moderate than previously, but growth should still exceed the estimated potential growth rate. The growth forecast for China in 2016-2017 remains at 6%, from which it is expected to slow to 5% in 2018..
Predicting the evolution and effects of the Asia crisis from the OECD perspective
A return to the past? : an institutional analysis of transitional development in the Russian mining industry
Abstract: Sponsoring project - as example the sponsoring project of premium ice cream La Gala.
Finland is now facing problems similar to those with which Japan has already struggled for more than a decade. The population is ageing, and slow economic growth is not generating sufficient funds to cover swelling public expenditure. General government debt threatens to become unsustainable. From the perspective of Finnish economic policy, an examination of the situation in Japan emphasises the importance of structural measures. If decisions on reforming the structures of the economy are postponed far into the future, in the light of Japan's experiences this may result in reduced growth and employment, with consequent high costs..
Barriers to change? : understanding the institutional hurdles in the Russian forest sector
Environmental performance measures in Finnish wood product companies
The Czech republic : business opportunities in a successful transitional economy
An application of travel cost method to Yuelu Mountain Park in Changsha, China
The century of the Helsinki School of Economics 1911-2011
Planning and implementation of a global sourcing strategy for marketing materials : case: Fazer Confectionery
Assessing the resource usage decisions and financial performance in Finnish sawmills within the resource-based view framework
The cursed leaf : an anthropology of the political economy of cocaine production in southern Colombia
Weaker-than-expected developments in the global economy would erode Finland's export-driven growth. On the other hand, a more prolonged period of low commodity prices and the positive effects of accommodative monetary policy on the real economy could provide a further boost to growth. In Finland, the necessary consolidation measures will reduce domestic demand over the short term but may support growth over the longer term..
Insiders' outside/outsiders' inside : rethinking the insider regulation
Torrefied wood pellets as an alternative fuel to coal : climate benefits and social desirability of production and use
Challenges of globalisation to the nation state
Faith and Finance : predicting religious conversions in faith-based microfinance customers
The agricultural situation in the European Union : 2002 report
Fiscal effects of immigration depend on labour market outcomes
Cotton and textiles under the Lomé conventions : a contribution to the project "Cotton production in Mozambique : a case-study of development problems and policies"
Evaluating adaptation and the production development of Finnish agriculture in climate and global change
On the political economy of housing's tax status
The prolonged recession in the Finnish economy has been directly reflected in the public finances, which have posted a deficit for 6 years already. In 2017, the public debt will rise to over 68% of GDP, which is more than double the level recorded in 2008. Given that the longer-term outlook for Finnish economic growth is poor due to the prolonged recession, a dwindling working-age population and industrial restructuring, the upward trend in public debt is disquieting..
Internationalisation of a service company : case: The Turquoise Holiday Company
Legal foundations of Russian economy
British economic growth 1856-1973
Greece 2005
Russia as it is : transformation of a lose/lose society
The new Asian corporation : managing for the future in post-crisis Asia
Social profitability of combustion technology in poultry manure management : a cost-benefit analysis of co-combustion of boultry manure and natural gas in the Leningrad region, Russia
Impacts of agri-environmental policies on land allocation and land prices
Consumption and everyday life
Vietnam : the import side of the story
Catastrophic yield risks and the demand for crop insurance in Finland
Field guide to the U.S. economy : a compact and irreverent guide to economic life in America
Helping the poor? : The IMF and low-income countries
The workshop of the world : British economic history from 1820 to 1880
Immigration will bring about a favourable change in the age structure, as the majority of immigrants are young adults. The effects on the public finances will above all depend on the impact of population growth on the costs of various publicly funded services and on the labour market performance of the immigrants. While population growth increases the costs of some publicly funded services, not all the costs will grow proportionally with the population. The average employment rate for immigrants is lower than for natives but it can be influenced. Immigration does not appear to weaken the employment prospects for the native population..
Professional marketing
Grant assistance (financed by the Japan Fund for Poverty Reduction) to The Socialist Republic of Viet Nam for promoting silk income for the rural poor in central highlands
Optimal harvesting of uneven-aged single- and mixed-species forest stands in Fennoscandia
Outlook for emerging economies worsened
Optimal harvesting for Dahurian Larch plantations under risk of pest outbreak
Solid wood-based fuels in energy production in Finland
Developing guidelines for an ideal eco-label for wood and paper products in the U.S
The soft budget constraint : the emergence, persistence and logic of an institution : the case of Tanzania 1967-1992
Economics from the outside in : "better than plowing" and beyond
Farmers' choice on multifunctionality targeted policy measures
How should the countercyclical capital buffer requirement be applied?
Foreign investment export promotion and economic development : a study of macroeconomic effects of free zone manufacturing in Tunisia 1973-1981
Scandinavian journal of forest research
Applying holistic indicators to assess dairy farm efficiency is essential for sustainable milk production. Data Envelopment Analysis (DEA) has been instrumental for the calculation of such indicators. However, 'additive' DEA models have been rarely used in dairy research. This study presented an additive model known as slacks-based measure (SBM) of efficiency and its advantages over DEA models used in most past dairy studies. First, SBM incorporates undesirable outputs as actual outputs of the production process. Second, it identifies the main production factors causing inefficiency. Third, these factors can be 'priced' to estimate the cost of inefficiency. The value of SBM for efficiency analyses was demonstrated with a comparison of four contrasting dairy management systems in terms of technical and environmental efficiency. These systems were part of a multiple-year breeding and feeding systems experiment (two genetic lines: select vs. control; and two feeding strategies: high forage vs. low forage, where the latter involved a higher proportion of concentrated feeds) where detailed data were collected to strict protocols. The select genetic herd was more technically and environmentally efficient than the control herd, regardless of feeding strategy. However, the efficiency performance of the select herd was more volatile from year to year than that of the control herd. Overall, technical and environmental efficiency were strongly and positively correlated, suggesting that when technically efficient, the four systems were also efficient in terms of undesirable output reduction. Detailed data such as those used in this study are increasingly becoming available for commercial herds through precision farming. Therefore, the methods presented in this study are growing in importance..
Henry George : political ideologue, social philosopher and economic theorist
The Baltic and Caucasian States
The effects of value-adding strategy and cost levels on financial performance of Finnish sawmills
Near-term growth in the global economy and world trade will be slower than previously forecast. However, low commodity prices and the condition of the monetary economy will support global growth. Economic recovery is expected to gradually gather strength in the euro area, becoming more broadly based. Exchange rate developments to date serve to bolster the outlook for euro area growth and inflation. The Russian economy will contract over the next two years, given the low price of oil. Economic growth in China has slowed, but will continue to be relatively robust..
Competitiveness of Dairy Farms In Northern Europe: A Cross-Country analysis
Determinants for convertible bond issuance : a study on U.S. banks
Agricultural product prices and policies influence the development of crop yields under climate change through farm level management decisions. On this basis, five main scenarios were specified for agricultural commodity prices and crop yields. An economic agricultural sector model was used in order to assess the impacts of the scenarios on production, land use and farm income in Finland. The results suggest that falling crop yields, if realized due to low prices and restrictive policies, will result in decreasing crop and livestock production and increasing nutrient surplus. Slowly increasing crop yields could stabilise production and increase farm income. Significantly higher crop prices and yields are required, however, for any marked increase in production in Finland. Cereals production would increase relatively more than livestock production, if there were high prices for agricultural products. This is explained by abundant land resources, a high opportunity cost of labour and policies maintaining current dairy and beef production.
The Polish alternative : old myths, hard facts and new strategies in the successful transformation of the Polish economy
Proposed grant assistance to Azerbaijan for the Mahalla Business Development Project (financed by the Japan Fund for poverty reduction)
Road from state to market : assessing the gradual approach to banking sector reforms in India
Biodiversity policies in commercial boreal forests : optimal design of subsidy and tax combinations
The effects of the Government's economic policy programme are assessed separately in this alternative scenario, as the programme is not included in the baseline forecast. The consolidation measures, if carried through, will markedly strengthen the public finances. On account of the measures, growth in the general government debt to GDP ratio will come to a halt in 2019. The effects on economic growth essentially depend on whether cost-competitiveness can also be improved. Despite the consolidation measures, the general government debt ratio resumes growth over the longer term..
Estimation of eucalyptus forest plantations carbon sequestration potential in Uruguay with the CO2fix model
Russia and the NIS in the world economy : east-west investment, financing and trade
Potential yield, return, and tree diversity of managed, uneven-aged Douglas-fir stands
Factors contributing direct investments in forest plantations
Structural reforms in the economy and fiscal sustainability
Socio-economic impacts of private forest investment on local livelihoods in Niassa, Mozambique
Gender differences in saving and investing behaviors
Southeast Asian capitalists
The Asian currency crisis : origins, lessons, and future outlook
Demand, segmentation and rationing in the rural credit markets of Puri
