http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p19456 rarities
rarities
Images of war : the rise of Hitler : rare photographs from wartime archives
Buried treasure : overlooked, forgotten and uncrowned classic albums
Rara & rarissima : documenting the fringes of linguistic diversity
Aquatic and littoral macrophytes in seven lakes northwest of Helsinki, S Finland: changes over a 36-year period
Allum's antiques almanac 2015 : an annual compendium of stories and facts from the world of art and antiques
A note on Luzula cf. divulgata and Viola x pseudomirabilis in Finland
Frida Kahlo : the Gisèle Freund photographs
Jazz covers : A collection of over 650 of the most celebrated and rarest jazz album covers from the 1940s through the early 1990s
Extraordinary records = Außergewöhnliche Schallplatten = Disques extraordinaires : records from the collections of Alessandro Benedetti and Peter Bastine
A celebration of 78 rpm record subculture reveals the growing value of rare records and the determined efforts of their collectors and archivists, exploring the music of blues artists who have been lost to the modern world.
Do not sell at any price : the wild, obsessive hunt for the world's rarest 78 rpm records
The antiques magpie : a compendium of absorbing history, stories and facts from the world of antiques
Curiosities and texts : the culture of collecting in early modern England
Curiosity : a cultural history of early modern inquiry
Summary.
The Book of barely imagined beings : a 21st century bestiary
Red data book of Latvia : rare and treatened species of plants and animals = Latvijas sarkanā grāmata : retās un apdraudētās augu un dzīvnieku sugas. Vol. 4, Invertebrates = Bezmugurkaulnieki
The kingdom of rarities
Hot-spots of insect diversity in northern Europe
Unusual world coins
Ruderals around an abandoned wood chipping plant in Åland, SW Finland
Top 100 birding sites of the world
Mielichhoferia elongata (Bryaceae, Musci) and Umbilicaria dendrophora (Umbilicariaceae, lichenized Ascomycetes) found in Finland
The collector's cabinet : tales, facts & fictions from the world of antiques
The scarlet ruse : a Travis McGee novel
The world's rarest birds
Frommer's 500 places to see before they disappear
When you look out your window, why are you so much more likely to see a robin or a sparrow than a Kirtland's warbler or a California condor? Why are some animals naturally rare and others so abundant? The quest to find and study seldom-seen jaguars and flamboyant Andean cocks-of-the-rock is as alluring to naturalists as it is vitally important to science. From the Himalayan slopes of Bhutan to the most isolated mountain ranges of New Guinea, The Kingdom of Rarities takes us to some of the least-traveled places on the planet to catch a glimpse of these unique animals and many others. As he shares stories of these species, Eric Dinerstein gives readers a deep appreciation of their ecological importance and the urgency of protecting all types of life the uncommon and abundant alike. An eye-opening tour of the rare and exotic, The Kingdom of Rarities offers us a new understanding of the natural world, one that places rarity at the center of conservation biology. Looking at real-time threats to biodiversity, from climate change to habitat fragmentation, and drawing on his long and distinguished scientific career, Dinerstein offers readers fresh insights into fascinating questions about the science of rarity and unforgettable experiences from the field.
Proceedings of the international symposium on Asian plants with unique horticultural potential : Seoul, Korea, August 13-19, 2006
Conservation of rare or little-known species : biological, social, and economic considerations
The conjuror's bird
An alternative hypothesis for the cause of the ivory-billed woodpecker's decline
The wizard of Ooze
The map thief : the gripping story of an esteemed rare-map dealer who made millions stealing priceless maps
In the spirit of medieval bestiaries, presents a series of bizarre creatures that are very much a part of the real world, including the honey badger, giant squid, axolotl, zebrafish, waterbear, and yeti crab.
This is the story of an infamous crime, a revered map dealer with an unsavory secret, and the ruthless subculture that consumed him. Maps have long exerted a special fascination on viewers, both as beautiful works of art and as practical tools to navigate the world. But to those who collect them, the map trade can be a cutthroat business, inhabited by quirky and sometimes disreputable characters in search of a finite number of extremely rare objects. Once considered a respectable antiquarian map dealer, E. Forbes Smiley spent years doubling as a map thief, until he was finally arrested slipping maps out of books in the Yale University library. This book delves into the untold history of this fascinating high-stakes criminal and the inside story of the industry that consumed him. The author, a reporter and magazine writer, has interviewed all the key players in this stranger-than-fiction story, and shares the fascinating histories of maps that charted the New World, and how they went from being practical instruments to quirky heirlooms to highly coveted objects. Though pieces of the map theft story have been written before, the author is the first reporter to explore the story in full, and had the rare privilege of having access to Smiley himself after he had gone silent in the wake of his crimes. Moreover, although Smiley swears he has admitted to all of the maps he stole, libraries claim he stole hundreds more, and offer intriguing clues to prove it. Now, through a series of exclusive interviews with Smiley and other key individuals, the author teases out an astonishing tale of destruction and redemption. The story interweaves Smiley's escapades with the stories of the explorers and mapmakers he knew better than anyone. Tracking a series of brazen thefts, and an obsessive subculture, the author has pieced together an unforgettable story of high-stakes crime.
Globally threatened birds in Europe : action plans
