http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p19447 volcanic eruptions
volcanic eruptions
Ecological responses to the 1980 eruption of Mount St. Helens
Ashfall
Ashes to dust
Volcano island
Volcanic, geothermal, and ore-forming fluids : rulers and witnesses of processes within the Earth
In A.D. 79, Mt. Vesuvius erupted in two stages. While the first stage was incredibly destructive, it was the second stage, a so-called pyroclastic flow, that inundated the town with a combination of superheated gases, pumice, and rocks, killing tens of thousands of people and animals and burying them in ash and mud. During excavations of the town in 1863, Giuseppe Fiorelli, the director of the dig, poured plaster of paris into a cavity under the soil revealed by a workman's pick. When the plaster set and the mound was uncovered, all were amazed to see the secret that the ground had held for 1,800 years: a detailed cast of an ancient Pompeian such as no one had seen before, frozen in the instant of dying and complete in every respect, including outlines of the clothes he was wearing at the time of the destruction. The bodies, photographed and exhibited in the specially built Pompeii Museum, completely changed the world's ideas of life in ancient Italy. Pompeii's Living Statues is a narrative account, supported by contemporary documents, of the remarkable discovery of those ancient victims preserved in the volcanic mud of Vesuvius. Eugene Dwyer examines these casts and related records, the originals of a number of which (along with their museum) were lost in WWII bombing. As he considers the casts as archaeological and cultural pieces, he also discusses Pompeii and its artefacts in the context of Italian unification and party politics, the development of modern excavation methods, and the challenges of maintaining a very large archaeological site. Dwyer's clear organization and writing style, combined with a collection of photographs and engravings, make for a fascinating exploration of Pompeii and its victims.
Environmental hazards : assessing risk and reducing disaster
Earth and Space
Vulcan's fury : man against the volcano
Encyclopedia of disasters : environmental catastrophes and human tragedies
Terra : tales of the earth : four events that changed the world
Geomorphological hazards and disaster prevention
The World's worst disasters : Videotallenne
Anthropogenic forcing dominates sea level rise since 1850
What does it take for a volcanic eruption to really shake the world? Did volcanic eruptions extinguish the dinosaurs, or help humans to evolve, only to decimate their populations with a super-eruption 73,000 years ago? Did they contribute to the ebb and flow of ancient empires, the French Revolution and the rise of fascism in Europe in the 19th century? These are some of the claims made for volcanic cataclysm. Volcanologist Clive Oppenheimer explores rich geological, historical, archaeological and palaeoenvironmental records (such as ice cores and tree rings) to tell the stories behind some of the greatest volcanic events of the past quarter of a billion years.
My little book of volcanoes and earthquakes
Volcanoes & earthquakes
Environmental information from the svalbard ice core for the past 800 years
Earth system evolution and the Mediterranean area from 23 MA to the present : 13th Congress RCMNS - 2nd - 6th September 2009. Naples, Italy. Guide book
Time's up! : dating the Minoan eruption of Santorini : acts of the Minoan Eruption Chronology Workshop, Sandbjerg November 2007
Environmental information from the Svalbard ice core for the past 800 years
Earthquakes : and other natural disasters
What is a volcano?
Fires of the earth : the Laki eruption 1783-1784
NGP yearbook 2010 : the geography of tourism, leisure and recreation
A collection of essays exploring the different ways in which the ruined city of Pompeii has been a major source of inspiration to Western imaginations. Creative and popular, as well as scholarly approaches are covered, including an interview with the novelist Robert Harris, and the volume is fully illustrated, with several images in full colour.
Waking the giant : how a changing climate triggers earthquakes, tsunamis, and volcanoes
Natural hazards and disasters
An island on fire : the extraordinary story of Laki, the forgotten volcano that turned eighteenth-century Europe dark
Pompeii in the public imagination from its rediscovery to today
Catastrophes! : earthquakes, tsunamis, tornadoes, and other earth-shattering disasters
Pompeii's living statues : ancient Roman lives stolen from death
Eruption! : the story of volcanoes
Geological hazards : a sourcebook
Plumes and paths : the Eyjafjallajökull eruption and airspace dependencies
Countdown to disaster : the world in danger!
Volcanoes : fire from the earth
Nearly a year after the eruption of the Yellowstone supervolcano, survival has become harder than ever and Alex and Darla must risk everything to try to create a community that can withstand the ongoing disaster
The year without summer : 1816 and the volcano that darkened the world and changed history
The illustrated history of natural disasters
Volcano eruption : explore materials and use science to survive
Exploring this celebrated wonder from scientific, historical, and cultural perspectives, Vesuvius provides a colorful portrait of a formidable force of nature.--From publisher's description.
Ashen winter
The impact of the Eyjafjallajökull-eruption on the inbound tourism in Iceland
Submarine volcanism and mineralization : modern through ancient
Eruptions that shook the world
Observational evidence for volcanic impact on sea level and the global water cycle
An island on fire : the extraordinary story of Laki, the volcano that turned eighteenth-century Europe dark
The static restoration of monuments : basic criteria-case histories, strengthening of buildings damaged by earthquakes
The year without a summer? : world climate in 1816
