http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p19420 committing someone
committing someone
Committed to customers : a 5-step model for delivering great customer experiences
Creating an employee handbook for Youth Centre Villa Elba Oy
Communication gaps can be devastating for any business in today's competitive and fast paced environment. In the hospital setting, it can literally be a matter of life or death. The purpose of the project was to develop and evaluate the effect of three evidence-based internal communication practices on employee engagement for pediatric hospital in Louisville, KY. This was the first known systematic investigation of communication strategies in a hospital setting. The evidence based practices include: Interactive Employee Forums, Wednesday Weekly newsletter and a Communication Portal page. After one year of this practice change, the following questions were asked and evaluated: Will internal communication practices have a significant impact on this hospital employee engagement? As compared to peer institutions within this multi-hospital organization, will this pediatric hospital have a greater increase in mean engagement scores, as a result of these practices? The result were not statistically significant, however some ceiling effect was observed. The pediatric hospital did increase percentage of engaged by 3%, the highest improvement of all five hospitals within the system.
Communication in connecting work with the organization strategy
Work engagement : a handbook of essential theory and research
Must-win battles : creating the focus you need to achieve your key business goals
Abstract: The dissertation shows through empirical data that organizations should pay more attention to what expatriates really value in their employment relationship rather than give them more money.
Engaged knowledge management : engagement with new realities
This thesis was commissioned by SOL Palvelut Oy (3321). As a leading company in the cleaning industry, SOL considers its employees as one of the most valuable assets in sustaining the company's competitive advantage. Therefore, retaining and motivating the employees has become the top concern of the company. In the study reported here, the motivation of the employees at SOL is examined with intent to gain feedback regarding training offered by the company.   The aim of this project is to find out the current situation as to employee motivation and the effects on employee retention; and give company a general image on how the employees react to the training provided. The theoretical part is draws from the two-factor theory proposed by Fredrick Herzberg. A questionnaire was formulated in order to gather empirical evidence. One-quarter of the employees were selected at random from SOL 3321 area, and the questionnaire was delivered to them either by email or by mail.   The outcome is analyzed and related recommendations are provided in the end of this report. The study showed that not all the respondents were motivated with SOL, and some of them did not have any plans for working for SOL on a long-term base. In order to reverse the situation, the author gives recommendations regarding the compensation system of SOL, substance and emotional encouraging, and employee involvement with the company.  .
Creating customer commitment through customer loyalty program : case: Company X
Employee engagement : tools for analysis, practice, and competitive advantage
Leading in turbulent times
Strengths-based recruitment and development : a practical guide to transforming talent management strategy for business results
Brand engagement : how employees make or break brands
Employee engagement & communication research : measurement, strategy & action
Recruitment and engagement research for a language school
Increasing student engagement and retention using online learning activities : wikis, blogs and webquests
Kellogg on advertising and media
Brand desire : how to create consumer involvement and inspiration
Human resource champions : the next agenda for adding value and delivering results
Examining consumers’ acceptance of social commerce in clothing e-retail
"Todays' workforces, todays' companies, and todays' business environments have all changed in fundamental ways. There is a new normal, and everyone in business knows it. Even if the economy improves, companies will stay lean, and continue to rely heavily on contingent workforces. Engagement is more crucial than ever, but old approaches to achieving it simply no longer work. In Practices for Engaging the 21st Century Workforce, Bill Castellano presents a comprehensive, innovative model of engagement that responds to todays' new realities, and helps you anticipate tomorrows'. Drawing on 25+ years as a pioneering HR innovator, practitioner, and researcher, Castellano offers a crystal-clear definition of engagement, identifies what really drives it, and specifies the achievable strategic outcomes of engagement. He presents powerful new research on how to engage todays' multidimensional and changing workforce, in an environment thats' as complex as todays' workers are. Youl'l learn how to develop adaptable organizational structures and multidimensional HR management systems tailored to the needs of todays' workforces: systems that not only strengthen engagement but also deliver the business performance benefits promised by greater engagement. Throughout, Castellano supports his insights with profiles and case studies from many of the worlds' leading organizations, including IBM, Ernst & Young, Google, SAS, Whole Foods, American Express, Colgate-Palmolive, and ARDEC (US Military R&D Center)."--Publisher's website.
Profitable marketing communications : a guide to marketing return on investment
Towards better stakeholder engagement in social media : analyzing Metso Corporation's followers on Twitter
Brand rituals : how successful brands bond with customers for life
Living the brand : how to transform every member of your organization into a brand champion
Employee engagement in theory and practice
How to motivate people
Committing employees through internal communication in cross-border acquisitions : Case: Sandvik Mining and Construction
Host : six new roles of engagement for teams, organisations, communities and movements
Examining the efficacy of volunteer HRM practices within a subset of Nordic CSOs
Principles of marketing
Loyalty 3.0 : how big data and gamification are revolutionizing customer and employee engagement
Empowerment and innovation : managers, principles and reflective practice
75 ways for managers to hire, develop, and keep great employees
Increasing student engagement and retention using social technologies : Facebook, e-portfolios and other social networking services
Reward strategy in Chinese insurance companies
Shine : using brain science to get the best from your people
The new secret to driving Loyalty that pays. Once revolutionary, loyalty programs designed to differentiate products quickly became commoditized. This book shows you how to create a system powered by human motivation and digital technology that creates ongoing, persistent engagement among customers, employees, and partners.
For courses in Management. Modern Human Resources: Technology, Social Media, and Management Human Resource Management provides students with the daily tools and skills they need to function as successful managers--in both human resources and business in general. With a practical approach, the text explores the evolution of the field, highlighting the introduction of revolutionary new technologies and social media platforms such as LinkedIn and cloud computing. The Fifteenth Edition focuses on the positive impacts technology has had on the HR field. The ability to vet potential employees on the Internet shifts more HR responsibilities to managers, leaving HR departments with more time to carry out strategic, long-term endeavors for boosting employee performance and engagement. With a heavy focus on emerging industry trends, the text prepares students with everything they need to be successful managers and HR personnel in the 21st century. MyManagementLab(R) not included. Students, if MyManagementLab is a recommended/mandatory component of the course, please ask your instructor for the correct ISBN and course ID. MyManagementLab should only be purchased when required by an instructor. Instructors, contact your Pearson representative for more information. MyManagementLab is an online homework, tutorial, and assessment product designed to personalize learning and improve results. With a wide range of interactive, engaging, and assignable activities, students are encouraged to actively learn and retain tough course concepts.
The ownership quotient : putting the service profit chain to work for unbeatable competitive advantage
Handbook of employee engagement : perspectives, issues, research and practice
Expatriate compensation : a total reward perspective
Engaged leadership : building a culture to overcome employee disengagement
Handbook of research on student engagement
The art of winning commitment : 10 ways leaders can engage minds, hearts, and spirits
Orientation and its effects on new employee commitment at Company X Ltd
HBR guide to delivering effective feedback
"Strengths-Based Recruitment and Development explains how and why strengths-based recruitment (SBR) is having a transformational impact on performance in top companies like Saga, Gap, Starbucks and SABMiller. By shifting the focus from what people can do (competency-based recruitment) to what they naturally enjoy doing, or SBR, these companies have reported results which include a 50% drop in staff turnover, 20% increase in productivity and a 12% increase in customer satisfaction within a matter of months. It is no wonder that organizations in many sectors are adopting this new and powerful approach to improve performance, customer satisfaction and competitive edge. Strengths-Based Recruitment and Development includes case studies and interviews with executive board level leaders. These provide rare insight into how they implemented strengths approaches in their organizations to improve the bottom line and performance. The book shows how strengths-based talent management goes beyond simply recruiting the right people to creating a strategy and culture that has a transformational effect on organisational culture and results. Strengths-Based Recruitment and Development will be the go-to book on strengths-based talent management for HR professionals and managers"--
The why of work : how great leaders build abundant organizations that win
Personnel selection is changing. Whilst traditional face-to-face interviews are still common, the range of assessment processes that inform the selection of candidates is increasingly diverse, taking advantage not only of new technologies, but also using new methods and strategies, such as assessment centres and personality testing. This new collection looks at the most important contemporary issues in recruitment, selection and assessment today, highlighting the latest research from the perspective of both recruiter and applicant.
Using research and interviews with industry experts at "talented" companies including Ford, Goldman Sachs and Cisco, describes how to find the most talented workers and keep them happy, challenged and engaged so that they stay and don't seek employment elsewhere.
A case study of Veikkaus oy : the state of organisational commitment and the role of job involvement in the process of committing to the organisation
Spatial dimensions of engagement : design guidelines for the creation of engaging work environments
The business of creativity : how to build the right team for success
Disconnect.me : user engagement and Facebook
Values-based selling : the art of building high-trust client relationships for financial advisors, insurance agents and investment reps
Hello stay interviews, goodbye talent loss : a manager's playbook
Examining consumers' acceptance of social commerce in clothing e-retail
Internal communications and the effect on employee engagement
Increasing student engagement and retention using immersive interfaces : virtual worlds, gaming, and simulation
The drivers of employee engagement
The main objective of this research-based thesis was to understand how well employ-ees were supported and managed during their role as part of a major change initiative, and how this has influenced their engagement to the case organization. Two theories were drawn upon to support the empirical study and they provided the foundation for the theoretical framework. Change Management served as the primary theory, and Employee Engagement was selected as the secondary theory due to its influence on, and relationship with the successful implementation, management and integration of organizational change. The theoretical framework was further supported with recent reports published by leading practitioners in the human resources community. The empirical study targeted personnel working directly on the change project in a number of project teams spread out across the globe, in addition to personnel who were working independently as the person in charge (PIC) in specific areas of the pro-ject. The research design comprised of a quantitative and qualitative web-based survey questionnaire, administered on November 25th, 2013. The key findings of the survey revealed that overall the change project had been effec-tively managed and supported at all levels of the organization from the perspective of the project team members. A generally positive response to questions surrounding engagement led me to believe the case organization is successfully ensuring that person-nel feel valued and involved in their current roles. The main development suggestions for the case company based on the results of the survey propose the following:  - improvement of the effectiveness and timeliness of communication  - further development of personnel through change management training  - additional clarity with the realignment of goals and objectives  - ensuring personnel are able to balance their full workload.
How to retain employees : case SOL Palvelut Oy (3321)
Data is transforming how and where we market to our customers. Using a series of case studies from pioneers, this book will describe how each marketing function is undergoing fundamental changes, and provides practical guidance about how companies can learn the tools and techniques to take advantage of marketing analytics.
Managing talent : recruiting, retaining and getting the most from talented people
Biotechnology and public engagement in Europe
Jumping the S-curve : how to beat the growth cycle, get on top, and stay there
In recent years there has been a weight of evidence suggesting that engagement has a significantly positive impact on productivity, performance and organisational advocacy, as well as individual wellbeing, and a significantly negative impact on intent to quit and absenteeism from the work place. This comprehensive new book is unique as it brings together, for the first time, psychological and critical HRM perspectives on engagement as well as their practical application. Employee Engagement in Theory and Practice will familiarise readers with the concepts and core themes that have been explored in research and their application in a business context via a set of carefully chosen and highly relevant original and case studies, some of which are co-authored by invited practitioners. Written in an accessible manner, this book will be essential reading for scholars in the field, students studying at both undergraduate and postgraduate levels, as well as practitioners interested in finding out more about the theoretical underpinnings of engagement alongside its practical application.
Social media at work : / how networking tools propel organizational performance
Social commerce is an emerging phenomenon and consumers' acceptance of it has set a challenge for marketing today. The proliferation of Web 2.O technologies has brought consumers to spend most of the time online at different platforms of social media to connect with their family and friends. These mere connectivity, entertainment, and socialization platforms possess a huge potential to drive businesses. The main premise here is that social networking sites have been tremendously popular, especially Facebook, which has led to more integration of consumers and retailers. Consumers, unintentionally or subconsciously, are coming across information about their preferred brands at Facebook and their decision making is influenced through this. In this regard, a study is required that examines consumers' acceptance behavior in social commerce settings. This dissertation contributes to the existing knowledge of the new phenomenon of social commerce in marketing literature. It highlights the consumers' aspects of the acceptance of social commerce and contributes to the theoretical discussions on three levels: (i) it provides a general framework for engaging consumers online through traditional means (e-commerce) and new means (social commerce); (ii) it identifies the various consumer segments present at the most popular social networking site, Facebook; and finally (iii) it extends the recently devised model—the unified theory of acceptance and use of technology (UTAUT2)—with constructs such as trust, perceived security, and perceived privacy in order to identify consumers' trust in the new stream of social commerce. The main aim of this study is to understand consumers' acceptance of social commerce empirically, in a way that enlightens the theoretical implications and enables managers to devise strategies accordingly in this new age of social commerce. To this end, data has been collected from three countries—Italy, Pakistan, and Australia—in order to have a diverse perspective on consumers around the world. The data comes from consumers who participate in social commerce and whose shopping decisions are influenced by Facebook. As social commerce is a rather new and unstructured phenomenon, this dissertation focused on the consumers' perspective and the most popular social networking site, Facebook, thus providing a baseline theoretical model of further research with different categories, target audiences, and constructs.
The importance of developing volunteer human resource management practices in order to improve volunteer retention in community sport organisations is well documented. Increasingly however stakeholders are beginning to realise that the application of traditional management practices within community sport organisations may have only limited success due to inherent differences in the structures, culture, processes and working environments of such organisations to their commerical counterparts. All existing studies have however focused on mainstream, locally popular sports and none have been conducted within the Nordic countries. This study sought to address this gap in the literature by identifying current volunteer human resource management practices within mainstream but not locally popular community sport organisations within the Nordics, and to examine the efficacy of these practices in terms of perceived volunteer retention. Participants were 141 board-level representatives of clubs and federations from the sports of American football, Australian rules football, baseball, cricket, and rugby union in Denmark, Finland, Norway and Sweden. Each completed an online survey that identified existing volunteer management practices and assessed perceived issues associated with volunteer retention. The results indicated that the more extensively community sport organisations adopted volunteer management practices, the less perceived problems of volunteer retention were an issue. The application of planning practices in particular were a significant predictor of general perceived problems of volunteer retention and for the retention of board members in particular. The implications for all stakeholders within Nordic community sport are discussed, with specific recommendations that more widespread implementation of planning practices be considered as part of any new model of volunteer management.
The impact of pay knowledge on organisational performance : investigating Finnish profit-sharing schemes
Organizational commitment of temporary agency workers : case: Rekrytointipalvelu Sihti Oy
Employee recruitment, selection, and assessment : contemporary issues for theory and practice
Talent force : a new manifesto for the human side of business
Armstrong's handbook of strategic human resource management
The progress principle : using small wins to ignite joy, engagement, and creativity at work
A leadership guru and a clinical psychologist provide information about sustainability in the post-recession era and offer frameworks and tools for building a winning company culture and seizing the competitive advantage.
Practices for engaging the 21st century workforce : challenges of talent management in a changing workforce
Engaging customers using big data : how marketing analytics are transforming business
Involving employees in six sigma : case ABB Oy, drives and controls
In Brand Rituals: How Successful Brands Bond with Customers for Life, Zain Raj--a recognized leader in the marketing and strategy space--posits that companies and their brands have the ability to drive significant business impact by creating a bond with their most loyal customers. Raj calls this a Brand Ritual, a deep, abiding relationship that customers build with brands--which becomes an integral part of their lives. The book discusses how it's no longer about consumer beliefs; it's all about customer behavior.
Social media marketing : the next generation of business engagement
How to manage people
Flipped classroom pioneers Jonathan Bergmann and Aaron Sams take their educational philosophy to the next level in Flipped Learning. This installment is all about what happens next -- when a classroom is truly student-centered and teachers are free to engage with students on an individual level. Flipping, combined with practical project-based learning pedagogy, changes everything.
Change management efficiency in global operations : case: Company X
This book presents a model for organizing tasks at a customer focused company. It aims to help companies create a systematic approach to delivering great customer experiences. The book consists of theory, interviews, practical tips, resources and recommendations. It also contains evaluation material for understanding a company's current status and identifying further improvement areas.
"From Michael Armstrong, HR expert and best-selling author, comes this new edition of the business staple, How to Manage People. Providing valuable insight into the functions and skills required to be an effective manager - from how to manage teams to successful recruitment - it will help you get the best from your staff through motivation, reward and leadership. With three brand new chapters on managing virtual teams, enhancing employee engagement and managing conflict, it is full of easily applicable advice as well as practical tools and checklists. Essential reading for anyone who wants to get the best from their teams, How to Manage People distills the essence of good management into one handy book. With over one million copies sold, the hugely popular Creating Success series covers a wide variety of topic, with the latest editions including new chapters such as Tough Conversations and Treating People Right. This indispensable business skills collection is suited to a variety of roles, from someone looking to develop their time management skills for a society committee role, to someone with a business idea looking to build a strategic plan"--
How to motivate individuals in sales teams : case study: Company X
Introducing human resource management
Key persons' organisational commitment in cross-border acquisitions
The experienced value of loyalty : contrasting perspectives on relationship loyalty
Human resource management
Flipped learning : gateway to student engagement
"Traditionally, organizations have hired employees based on what they can do and have done in the past (competency-based recruiting), rather than what they are naturally good at and love doing, or Strengths-Based Recruitment (SBR). Companies, such as Starbucks and Gap, have adopted SBR and have reported increases in productivity and customer satisfaction and decreases in sick days. Through case studies and interviews with executive board level leaders, Strengths-Based Recruitment and Development takes a more strategic look at developing SBR and provides valuable insight into how SBR has been successfully implemented in organizations to improve performance and the bottom line. It goes beyond simply recruiting the right people, to keeping employees working at their best through development and performance management, and creating a culture that brings out their strengths. Chapters explain the differences between SBR and competency-based recruiting, the benefits of using SBR, how SBR works in practice, how to implement an SBR strategy while avoiding pitfalls, the financial and human impact of an effective strengths-based strategy, and finally, discuss strengths-based performance management and development"--
Creating contagious commitment : applying the tipping point to organizational change
Lean transformation in an office environment : Lean tools and engagement techniques for office managers
"Achieving employee engagement is crucial to the success and continued high performance of any organization. But with budgets tighter than ever before, economic struggles and an increasingly stressful workplace for staff, this has become a difficult task.Aimed at HR practitioners and managers Employee Engagement offers a complete, practical resource for understanding, measuring and building engagement. With a focused approach on Positive Psychology, it also offers case studies, practical tools, techniques and diagnostics to help assess and drive engagement in an organization. "--
Sustaining lean in healthcare : developing and engaging physician leadership
Serious games for business : using gamification to fully engage customers, employees and partners
Compassionate leadership : how to create and maintain engaged, committed & high-performing teams
Recruiting and training proposal : case RetailWise Finland
Content-oriented consumer engagement online : cognitive and affective brand effects of SME's thematic content strategy
