http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p19433 international law of procedure
international law of procedure international procedural law
The European Court of Justice : practice and procedure
Transboundary pollution : international legal standards on the right to take action in national courts
International civil litigation : cases and materials on the rise of intermestic law
International law : as applied by international courts and tribunals. Vol. 3, The international constitutional law : fundamentals : the United Nations : related agencies
Procedural laws in europe : towards harmonisation
EU principles on jurisdiction and recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters : according to the case law of the European Court of Justice
Procedural law in international arbitration
Written evidence and discovery in international arbitration : new issues and tendencies
The Soviet Union and international cooperation in legal matters. Part 1, Recognition of arbitral agreements and execution of foreign commercial arbitral awards
The settlement of disputes in international law : institutions and procedures
Book reviews & comments
Mutual assistance in criminal and business regulatory matters
"This book contains the edited versions of papers on Mandatory Law in Arbitration delivered at a colloquium on Mandatory Rules of Law in International Arbitration held at Columbia Law School in June 2007 and organized by Professor George A. Bermann of Columbia Law School and Professor Loukas A. Mistelis of the School of International Arbitration, Queen Mary University of London. The chapters collected in this book were first published in Vol. 18, issues 1-2 of the The American Review of International Arbitration after they had been edited and prepared for publication under the direction of Elizabeth H. Cooper, the Managing Editor of the Review"--p. v. & vii
Rights and duties of parties in arbitration
A Dialogue at the Court : proceedings of the ICJ/UNITAR Colloquium held on the occasion of the sixtieth anniversary of the International Court of Justice, at the Peace Palace on 10 and 11 April 2006 = Un dialogue à la Cour : actes du colloque CIJ/UNITAR organisé àl'occasion du soixantième anniversaire de la Cour internationale de Justice, au Palais de la Paix, les 10 et 11 avril 2006
European Court practice
The healthy award : challenge in international commercial arbitration
International mass claims processes : legal and practical perspectives
Pre-trial and pre-hearing procedures worldwide
International judicial assistance
International criminal law. Vol. 2, Procedural and enforcement mechanisms
State immunity : some recent developments
The Nuremberg trial and international law
International arbitration: law and practice
This carefully structured, practice-orientated textbook provides everything the law student needs to know about international commercial litigation. The strong comparative component provides a thought-provoking international perspective, while at the same time allowing readers to gain unique insights into litigation in English courts. Three important themes of the book analyse how the international element may call into question the power of the court to hear the case, whether it should exercise this power, whether foreign law applies, and whether the court should take into account any foreign judgement. Hartley provides the reader with extracts from leading cases and relevant legislation, together with an extensive reference library of further reading for those who wish to explore the topic in more detail, making this a valuable, single-source textbook. The title will benefit from a companion website, setting out all relevant case law developments for the students.
The UNCITRAL arbitration rules : a commentary (with an integrated and comparative discussion of the 2010 and 1976 UNCITRAL arbitration rules)
"International criminal law International law typically governs the rights and responsibilities of States;1 criminal law, conversely, is paradigmatically concerned with prohibitions addressed to individuals, violations of which are subject to penal sanction by a State.2 The development of a body of international criminal law which imposes responsibilities directly on individuals and punishes violations through international mechanisms is relatively recent. Although there are historical precursors and precedents of and in international criminal law,3 it was not until the 1990s, with the establishment of the ad hoc Tribunals for the former Yugoslavia and for Rwanda, that it could be said that an international criminal law regime had evolved. This is a relatively new body of law which is not yet uniform, nor are its courts universal. International criminal law developed from various sources. War crimes originate from the ?laws and customs of war?, which accord certain protections to individuals in armed conflicts. Genocide and crimes against humanity evolved to protect persons from what are now termed gross human rights abuses, including those committed by their own governments. With the probable exception of the crime of aggression with its focus on inter-State conflict, the concern of international criminal law is now with individuals and with their protection from wide-scale atrocities. As was said by the Appeal Chamber in the Tadi? case in the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia (ICTY): A State-sovereignty-oriented approach has been gradually supplanted by a human-being-oriented approach ? [I]nternational law, while of course duly safeguarding the legitimate interests of States, must gradually turn to the protection of human beings"--
Legislating the blind spot : the EU seal regime and the Newfoundland seal hunt
Fouchard, Gaillard, Goldman on international commercial arbitration
Role of national laws and courts in international commercial arbitration : from the point of view of current French arbitration law
Civil appeal procedures worldwide
Parallel and conflicting enforcement of law
Trial and court procedures worldwide
International law as applied by internationai courts and tribunals. 3 , International constitutional law  : fundamentals, the United Nations, related agencies
The EEC convention on jurisdiction and the enforcement of judgments
Transnational litigation and commercial arbitration : an analysis of American, European, and international law
Rosenne's the World Court : what it is and how it works
Refugees in Botswana : in the light of international law
International arbitration and forum selection agreements : drafting and enforcing
Case law of the European Court of Human Rights. Vol. 1, 1960-1987
State immunity : an analytical and prognostic view
International commercial litigation : text, cases and materials on private international law
The World Court : what it is and how it works
International law as applied by internationai courts and tribunals. 2 , The law of armed conflict
A guide to the civil jurisdiction and judgements convention
The Iran-United States Claims Tribunal and the process of international claims resolution : a study by the panel on state responsibility of the American Society of International Law
International litigation : the recognition and enforcement of foreign judgments and arbitration awards in Finland
Towards "Consumer Law Proper" : on some aspects of the Brussels and Rome Conventions
International arbitration law
An introduction to international criminal law and procedure
Transnational litigation in comparative perspective : theory and application
Role of written witness statements in international arbitration : a comparative study of the practice regarding the presentation of witnesses as evidence in the Nordic, German and British civil procedure as well as in international arbitration
Current topics of international litigation
International criminal law and procedure
The UNCITRAL arbitration rules in practice : the experience of the Iran-United States claims tribunal
Borders of procedural and substantive law in arbitral proceedings (civil versus common law perspectives)
Simplication of the European Enforcement Procedure
Simplification of the European Enforcement Procedure
Civil jurisdiction and judgments in Europe : Proceedings of the colloquium on the interpretation of the Brussels Convention by the Court of Justice considered in the context of the European judicial area
Evidence before international tribunals
Dispute resolution and technology : revisiting the justification of conflict management
International law : as applied by international courts and tribunals. Vol. 2, The law of armed conflict
The Court of Justice of the European Communities
The practice and procedure of the Inter-American Court of Human Rights
Access to civil procedure abroad
An insider's guide to the international criminal tribunal for the former Yugoslavia : a documentary history and analysis
Arbitration in Finland
Access to Finnish law
The first German war crimes trial : chief judge Walter B. Beals' desk notebook of the doctors' trial held in Nuernberg, Germany, December 1945 to August 1947
Danish business law
An introduction to the law of international criminal tribunals : a comparative study
Arbitrage international commercial : manuel mondial = International commercial arbitration : a world handbook. 3
Victims' status at international and hybrid criminal courts : victims' status as witnesses, victim participants/civil participants/civil parties and reparations claimants
International litigation : international jurisdiction
International arbitration : the coming of a new age?
The Lugano and San Sebastian Conventions : based on the presentation given at the Congress of the Union Internationale des Avocats, Interlaken, August 1989
Mandatory rules in international arbitration
Conclusions (s. 168-170).
European cross-border insolvency regulation : a study of Regulation 1346/2000 on insolvency proceedings in the light of a paradigm of co-operation and a Comitas Europaea
European litigation handbook
"This market-leading textbook gives an authoritative account of international criminal law, and focuses on what the student needs to know - the crimes that are dealt with by international courts and tribunals as well as the procedures that police the investigation and prosecution of those crimes. The reader is guided through controversies with an accessible, yet sophisticated approach by the author team of four international lawyers, with experience both of teaching the subject, and as negotiators at the foundation of the International Criminal Court and the Rome conference. It is an invaluable introduction for all students of international criminal law and international relations, and now covers developments in the ICC, victims' rights, and alternatives to international criminal justice, as well as including extended coverage of terrorism. Short, well chosen excerpts allow students to familiarise themselves with primary material from a wide range of sources. An extensive package of online resources is also available"--
Conflict of laws in international arbitration
Chinese perspectives on international jurisdiction and the enforcement of judgments in contractual matters : a comparative study of the relevant provisions of Chinese, Swiss, and US law, of the European conventions and of other international treaties
Lis pendens in international litigation
Civil jurisdiction and enforcement of foreign judgments : the application in England and Wales of the Brussels Convention of 1968 on Jurisdiction and the Enforcement of Judgments in Civil and Commercial Matters under the Civil Jurisdiction and Judgments Act 1982
When legal orders collide, the role of courts = Los tribunales ante la construcción de un sistema jurídico global
Enforcement of international arbitral awards in the midst of complex boundaries and exceptions : what is the extent of their impact?
International law. Vol. 1, International law as applied by international courts and tribunals: 1
Foreign courts : civil litigation in foreign legal cultures
The United Nations and crime prevention
The principles and practice of international commercial arbitration
New European methods of legal protection
Speed vs. Quality in International Commercial Arbitration
EU private international law : harmonization of laws
International adjudication : using the international court of justice : with special reference to Finland
Investor-state arbitration
Transnational legal practice : a survey of selected countries
