http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p19421 career guidance
career guidance vocational guidance
A world of work : imagined manuals for real jobs
Get a life, not a job : do what you love and let your talents work for you
Professional school counseling
Career development and systems theory : a new relationship
A useful and fun book for any woman who has ever wanted, needed, lost, quit, hated, or loved a job. “Working Girl” (a.k.a. Karen Burns) has held a total of 59 jobs (so far), including housekeeper, cigarette girl, paper “boy”, model, ditch-digger, bank teller, editor, brochure writer, artist, and corporate drone. She made mistakes along the way, but extracted one important lesson from each job she has held. Working Girl now shares her hard-earned wisdom for the modern working woman with this series of 59 humorous yet practical vignettes, including guidance on: • Risk-taking and why it’s good • How to build self-confidence • Tips for managing your boss • When you’re not appreciated • Causes and cures for burnout • Balancing baby and boss • When it’s time to say adieu and 52 more! Whimsically illustrated with Working Girl cartoons, this is a fun, accessible advice book that deals with the real issues that are on the minds of working women (and not just those who are striving for the corner office!). No matter where a girl finds herself on the job ladder (from the bottom to the top), she’ll find that The Amazing Adventures of Working Girl will give her both perspective and a plan for success. -- Publisher description.
Performance indicators and benchmarks in career   guidance in the United Kingdom
Careers education and guidance in Malta : issues and challenges
Career planning today : hire me!
This thoroughly practical book combines cognitive and behavioural approaches with vocational counselling and coaching, providing clear, practical strategies and a wealth of materials that can be used with clients in one-to-one or group settings.
Introduction to counseling and guidance ; Robert L. Gibson, Marianne H. Mitchell
The amazing adventures of working girl : real-life career advice you can actually use
Continuing education and training counselling services in a regional frame of reference : an analysis of cooperation structures
Occupational profiles of vocational counsellors in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg
The official guide to legal specialties : an insider's guide to every major practice area
Careers in focus : family and consumer sciences
New skills for new futures : higher education guidance and counselling services in Austria
Occupational profiles of vocational counsellors in Denmark
International handbook of career guidance
Occupational and qualification structures in the field of educational and vocational guidance for young people and adults: in Belgium, in Ireland, in the Netherlands, in Portugal
New skills for new futures : higher education guidance and counselling services in Germany
Designing your life : build a life that works for you
Career information : a job knowledge index
Occupational profiles of vocational counsellors in the European Community : a synthesis report
New skills for new futures : higher education guidance and counselling services in France
Career counselling
Social work practice : problem solving and beyond
The discourses and practices of regional competitiveness in the Tver region, Russia
New skills for new futures : higher education guidance and counselling services in the European Union
The Graduate career guidebook
The work of the counselor
British journal of guidance and counselling
I'm good at geography : what job can I get?
Careers education culture in schools : pupil's and school personnel's perception of careers education and working life orientation in lower secondary schools
Educational and vocational guidance in the European Community
Definitive readings in the history, philosophy, theories and practice of career and technical education
Whether we're 20, 40, 60 or older, many of us are still looking for an answer to that perennial question, 'What do you want to be when you grow up?' Using real-life stories and proven techniques like reframing, prototyping and mind-mapping, the authors use their expertise to help you work out what you want - and how to get it
Performance indicators and benchmarks in career guidance in the United Kingdom
Handbook of vocational psychology. Vol. 1, Foundations
Supporting careers guidance in the information society : a review of the use of computer-assisted guidance and the Internet in Europe
Reframing career counselling in terms of counsellor-client negotiations : an interpretive study of career counselling concepts and practice
The musician's journey : crafting your career vision and plan
New skills for new futures : higher education guidance and counselling services in Flanders (Belgium)
Introduction to career counselling & coaching
Guerrilla marketing for job hunters 3.0 : how to stand out from the crowd and tap into the hidden job market using social media and 999 other tactics today
The career counselor's handbook
As a quintessentially human activity, work transcends countries and cultures. But as economies falter and labor markets go global, the concept of career can seem unrealistic-even alien-to many in economically developing and developed nations alike. The challenge to today's career professional is providing relevant services in the face of rapid, pervasive change. The Handbook of Career Development assembles theoretical and practical innovations on a world scale. Written by professionals from diverse countries and fields, this progressive resource presents career guidance and workforce development as cross-cultural, multidisciplinary, and responsive to contemporary realities. Advanced analysis allows a deeper understanding of the long-term needs of workers as varied as indigenous peoples, older women, immigrants, international students, and the recovering mentally ill. Easy-to-apply career service strategies are outlined for each of these special groups as also for others. And the book's multicultural vision entails reinterpreting the notion of career for the economically developing world, including for those engaged in traditional, rural and craft occupations. Among the areas covered in the Handbook: Innovations in career theory. The person in contexts across the lifespan. Effective career preparation in a volatile labor market. Green careers: work, environmental sustainability, and social justice. Enabling culturally sensitive career counseling. Services for special groups. New directions for assessment, practice, counselor training, competencies, and standards. The Handbook of Career Development opens out realistic new paths for all involved in career services, including counselors, psychologists, social workers, human resource managers, educators, youth workers, and policymakers. It is a suitable resource for a range of academic fields such as developmental studies, economics, ecology, and indigenous studies, and makes an invaluable training text for aspiring career counselors.
Critical reflections on career education and guidance : promoting social justice within a global economy
Counsellors' responses to students' troubles-talk in counselling encounters in Finnish careers guidance training
New skills for new futures : higher education guidance and counselling services in United Kingdom
Career counseling of older adults
New skills for new futures : higher education guidance and counselling services in Denmark
Do what you are : discover the perfect career for you through the secrets of personality type
Vocational education in transition: a seven-country stydy of curricula for lifelong vocational learning
Contemporary models in vocational psychology : a volume in honour of Samuel Osipow
The nomadic developer : surviving and thriving in the world of technology consulting
Guidance and counselling in Finland : best practices and current policy issues
The ECO guide to careers that make a difference
Becoming a professional counselor : preparing for certification and comprehensive exams
NordYrk : Nordic journal of vocational education and training
Career, aptitude and selection tests : match your IQ personality and abilities to your ideal career
Career counselling : compendium of methods and techniques
"In this information age, career and technical education (CTE) has become a multibillion dollar training enterprise. To make our students more competitive in the labor force and to make our nation economically strong and firms internationally competitive, we have to depend on CTE to train today's workers of various kinds. Definitive Readings in the History, Philosophy, Theories and Practice of Career and Technical Education brings together definitive writings on CTE by leading figures and by contemporary thinkers in the history, philosophy, practice and theories of the field. Filling a much needed void in existing literature, this book equips scholars and practitioners with knowledge, skills, and attitudes to succeed in the field of CTE." Provided by publisher.
Career development and systems theory : connecting theory and practice
Vocational psychological and organisational perspectives on career : towards a multidisciplinary dialogue
Occupational profiles of vocational counsellors in the United Kingdom
Personal development for life and work
The complete singer-songwriter : a troubadour's guide to writing, performing, recording, and business
On becoming an artist
New skills for new futures : higher education guidance and counselling services in Irleand
Career counselling : constructivist approaches
Occupational and qualification structures in the field of educational and vocational guidance for young people and adults : in Greece, in Spain, in Italy
New skills for new futures : higher education guidance and counselling services in Finland
What color is your parachute? 2012 : a practical manual for job-hunters and career-changers
Managing careers in 2000 and beyond
Nursing in contemporary society : issues, trends, and transition to practice
When employees leap to self-employment : do business ideas, occupations and policy matter?
I'm good at history : what job can I get?
Explores a range of career development topics, including the reasons people choose their careers; how changes, interests, and skills occur throughout the life cycle; how people do or do not change and adapt to their careers; and more.
Handbook of career counseling : theory and practice
Essential elements of career counseling : processes and techniques
Vocational guidance in Finland
Motivational career counselling and coaching : cognitive and behavioural approaches
Introduction to counseling and guidance
Career counseling : a holistic approach
Structures of counselling interaction : a conversation analytic study of counselling encounters in career guidance training
Counseling : A comprehensive profession ; Samuel T. Gladding
Educational and vocational guidance services for the 14-25 age group : Denmark, Federal Republic of Germany and the Netherlands
Career planning strategies: hire me!
Occupational profiles for vocational guidance councellors : The situation in France
Active engagement : enhancing the career counselling process
Becoming a psychologist
Occupational profiles of vocational counsellors in the Federal Republic of Germany
New skills for new futures : higher education guidance and counselling services in Luxembourg
Career flow : a hope-centered approach to career development
A guide to career management and programming for adults with disabilities : a 21st century perspective
New skills for new futures : higher education guidance and counselling services in Sweden
Introduction to social work and social welfare : empowering people
Career choice and development
Taking issues : debates in guidance and counselling in learning
Educational and vocational guidance services for the 14-25 age group : Italy, Portugal and Spain
Professionalisation of career guidance in Europe : training guidance research service organisation and mobility
The career guide for creative and unconventional people
Tackling early leaving from education and training in Europe : strategies, policies and measures
The new academic : a strategic handbook
Fast-tracking your career : soft skills for engineering & IT professionals
New skills for new futures : higher education guidance and counselling services in The Netherlands
New skills for new futures : higher education guidance and counselling services in Portugal
Career interventions with women
Teacher careers : crises and continuities
Work and education in America : the art of integration
New skills for new futures : higher education guidance and counselling services in Greece
Career development : a life-span developmental approach
Career counseling : applied concepts of life planning
Vocationalisation of secondary education revisited
Career counseling interventions : practice with diverse clients
The 3rd International Conference for Trainers of Educational and Vocational Guidance Councellors 20-23, August 1997, Jyväskylä, Finland : contributions to an interface in matters of significance to learning and employment
Career development and counseling : putting theory and research to work
Educational and vocational guidance services for the 14-25 age group : Belgium, France and the Grand-Duchy of Luxembourg
Career counseling : a narrative approach
Career counseling : foundations, perspectives, and applications
Career counseling
Transnational vocational guidance and training for young people and adults : synthesis report of eight studies carried out on behalf of CEDEFOP
Making vocational choices : a theory of vocational personalities and work environments
Agora X : social and vocational guidance : Thessaloniki, 19-20 October, 2000
In demand : career guidance in EU neighbouring countries
Part 1: Introduction and cases -- Introduction to theories of career development and choice: origins, evolution, and current efforts / Duane Brown -- Case studies / Duane Brown -- Part 2: Sociological perspective -- Career choice and development from a sociological perspective / Monica Kirkpatrick Johnson, Jeylan T. Mortimer -- Part 3: Developmental and postmodern theories -- Gottfredson's theory of circumscription, compromise, and self-creation / Linda S. Gottfredson -- Career construction: a developmental theory of vocational behavior / Mark L. Savickas -- A contextualist explanation of career / Richard A. Young, Ladislav Valach, Audrey Collin -- Part 4: Career development theories anchored in learning theory -- Social cognitive career theory / Robert W. Lent, Steven D. Brown, Gail Hackett -- A cognitive information processing approach to career problem solving and decision making / Gary W. Peterson, James P. Sampson Jr., Janet G. Lenz, Robert C. Reardon -- Part 5: Trait-factor theories and summation -- Holland's theory of personalities in work environments / Arnold R. Spokane, Erik J. Luchetta, Matthew H. Richwine -- Person-environment-correspondence theory / Rene V. Dawis -- The role of work values and cultural values in occupational choice, satisfaction, and success: a theoretical statement / Duane Brown.
How to grow as an illustrator
Music editing for film and television : the art and the process
New librarian, new job : practical advice for managing the transition
Male dancing as a career
Making work work for the highly sensitive person
Vocational guidance and counselling for adults : abridged version of the summary report : Berlin, 7 and 8 December 1989
Guidance : educational and vocational guidance in Finland
Preparing for working life : effects of group counseling on adolescents' career development and mental health
Educational and vocational guidance services for the 14-25 age group : the United Kingdom, the Republik of Ireland and Greece
New skills for new futures : higher education guidance and counselling services in Belgium (French Community)
Rethinking careers education and guidance : theory, policy and practice
Handbook of career development : international perspectives
Applying career development theory to counseling
Guidance for life working and learning in the third age
Career choice and development : applying contemporary theories to practice
Social constructionism in vocational psychology and career development
Advancing women's careers : research and practice
Educational and vocational guidance services for the 14-25 age-group in the European Community
Theories of career development
Employment counselling theory and strategies : a book of readings
IMPROVE : Guide for Validation of Career Guidance Practitioners' Competence
Representations of occupations and future plans of students leaving comprehensive school and the challenges placed on the theory and practice oc career guidance
"Guerrilla Marketing for Job Hunters-3rd edition will be revised, updated, and expanded to include new and timely information about recruiting in the information age. This will be specific to utilizing social networking tools as a means of taking control of the job search, as well as expert advice from respected guest bloggers. In short, the 3rd edition expands on the techniques of the 2nd edition, including tips on how to Leverage Facebook, Twitter, Google, and other social networking sites to take advantage of "the secret lives of top recruiters" Learn how to present their skills in creative new ways that stand out in today's hyper-competitive job market Employ little-known search engine optimization tricks used by top headhunters"--
