http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p19594 laboratory technology
laboratory technology
The complete textbook of phlebotomy
Integrated marketing communications emphasizing future marketing communications solution : company X case study
Clinical virology manual
Succeed in chemistry with CHEMICAL PRINCIPLES IN THE LABORATORY, Eleventh Edition! Clear, user-friendly, and direct, this lab manual provides you with the tools you need to successfully complete lab experiments and lab reports. Analyzing the data you observe in lab sessions is easy with the manual's numerous Advance Study Assignments that give you extra practice with processing data through sample questions. In addition, a special section shows you how to use Excel to simplify making calculations.
Chemistry in the laboratory : a study of chemical and physical changes
Since the publication of the sixth edition of this benchmark text, numerous advances in the field have been made - particularly in stem cells, 3D culture, scale-up, STR profiling, and culture of specialized cells. "Culture of Animal Cells: A Manual of Basic Technique and Specialized Applications, Seventh Edition" is the updated version of this benchmark text, addressing these recent developments in the field as well as the basic skills and protocols.     This eagerly awaited edition reviews the increasing diversity of the applications of cell culture and the proliferation of specialized techniques, and provides an introduction to new subtopics in mini-reviews. New features also include a new chapter on cell line authentication with a review of the major issues and appropriate protocols including DNA profiling and barcoding, as well as some new specialized protocols. Because of the continuing expansion of cell culture, and to keep the bulk of the book to a reasonable size, some specialized protocols are presented as supplementary material online. "Culture of Animal Cells: A Manual of Basic Technique and Specialized Applications, Seventh Edition" provides the most accessible and comprehensive introduction available to the culture and experimental manipulation of animal cells. This text is an indispensable resource for those in or entering the field, including academic research scientists, clinical and biopharmaceutical researchers, undergraduate and graduate students, cell and molecular biology and genetics lab managers, trainees and technicians.
Practical immunology
Manual of histological techniques and their diagnostic application
Linné & Ringsrud's clinical laboratory science : the basics and routine techniques
Cooperative chemistry : laboratory manual
Handbook to laboratory best practices, training and facing challenges
Microscale inorganic chemistry : a comprehensive laboratory experience
The thesis studies current marketing conventions of international high-technology research laboratories in Europe and is done for the UNELMA-project. UNELMA is a joint project between Finnish and Swedish universities and institutions funded by the European Union, the Provincial Government of Norbotten, Lapin Liitto and Interreg IV A. The project wishes to create a network of professional services which will benefit companies in the Bothnian Arc between Finland and Sweden. The study itself intends to give possible examples of how high-technology professional services are marketed internationally and how to apply their practices to Finnish and Swedish high-technology marketing, the UNELMA-project's marketing in particular. Actual high-technology issues or operations in the respective field will not be discussed in this thesis. The knowledge base of the thesis relies on B2B-marketing, services marketing and digital marketing. The applied research method is benchmarking through case studies. Case studies were chosen as it was the best way of having information about the organizations the UNELMA-project and its managers were interested in. Recommendations of possible marketing practices and operations for UNELMA will be presented.
Essentials of medical laboratory practice
Automation and Emerging Technology in Clinical Microbiology
Abstract.
Effusion Cytology is a practical manual in diagnosis and interpretation of body cavity fluid (BCF) specimens. This highly illustrated volume will provide handy information for residents, fellows, and general pathologists with a step-by-step guide to evaluation of BCF specimens with the specific goal of identification of malignancies. Use of ancillary techniques such as immunocytochemistry is discussed where appropriate. Special attention is given to the formulation of final cytologic reports of the diagnosis of difficult cases. --Book Jacket.
Clinical laboratory chemistry
Chemicl principles in the laboratory
"This advanced EURACHEM textbook is designed for training, teaching and continuing studies providing an in-depth but easy to understand coverage of Quality Assurance in Chemical Measurement. The CD-ROM accompanying the book contains course materials of 10 experienced specialists in the field with more than 750 overheads (graphics and text) as ready-to-use PowerPoint documents. The book will serve as an advanced textbook for analytical chemistry students and professionals in industry and service labs and as a reference text and source of course materials for lecturers."--BOOK JACKET.
A first lab in circuits and electronics
Chemistry : an industry-based laboratory manual
The feed analysis laboratory : establishment and quality control : setting up a feed analysis laboratory, and implementing a quality assurance system compliant with with ISO/IEC 17025:2005
Monoclonal antibodies : a practical approach
Quality assurance in analytical chemistry : training and teaching
Handbook of diagnostic tests for PDA
Saunders nursing guide to laboratory and diagnostic tests
Advanced practical organic chemistry
Guided inquiry experiments in general chemistry : practical problems and applications
Practical skills in biology
Laboratory topics in botany
Culture of animal cells : a manual of basic technique and specialized applications
Laboratory manual and workbook in microbiology : applications to patient care
An introduction to centrifugation
Maintenance of microorganisms and cultured cells : a manual of laboratory methods
Palko's medical laboratory procedures
DNA microarrays
Laboratory experiments in microbiology
Accurate results in the clinical laboratory : a guide to error detection and correction
Basic clinical laboratory techniques
Protein purification protocols
Validation in chemical measurements
Macroscale and microscale organic experiments
Biomedical scientist : gazette of the Institute of Biomedical Science
Elsevier's medical laboratory science examination review
Benchmarking International High-Technology Research Laboratories' Marketing in Europe
GLP essentials : a concise guide to good laboratory practice
Linné & Ringsrud's clinical laboratory science : concepts, procedures, and clinical applications
Techniques in organic chemistry : miniscale, standard taper microscale, and Williamson microscale
Identification of materials via physical properties, chemical tests and microscopy
Basic bioscience laboratory techniques : a pocket guide
Animal cell culture : concept and application
Clinical chemistry : a laboratory perspective
Catalyst manufacture
Practical skills in chemistry
Laboratory manual for entomology and plant pathology
Introduction to molecular biological techniques
Live cell imaging : methods and protocols
Working with chemistry : a laboratory inquiry program
Laboratory environment of PC technology & device design
Laboratory anatomy of the white rat
Methods in plant molecular biology : a laboratory course manual
A practical guide to the histology of the mouse
Conidial germination of wheat powdery mildew on water agar at temperatures from + 5 to + 30 C.
Baculovirus expression vectors : a laboratory manual
The Scandinavian journal of clinical & laboratory investigation
Molecular microbiology laboratory : a writing-intensive course
Manual of laboratory techniques
Organic chemistry laboratory : standard and microscale experiments
Biochemistry laboratory : modern theories and techniques
Advanced Methods in Cellular Immunology
Microbiological applications : laboratory manual in general microbiology
Molecular diagnostics : for the clinical laboratorian
Analytical instrumentation handbook
Mackie & McCartney practical medical microbiology
Point-of-care testing for managers and policymakers : from rapid testing to better outcomes
Introduction to microbiology laboratory exercises for allied health students
Case studies in clinical laboratory science
A photographic atlas for the microbiology laboratory
Practical organic chemistry
Clinical diagnostic technology : the total testing process : volume 1: the preanalytical phase
Plant microtechnique and microscopy
Clinical chemistry and laboratory medicine : journal of the Forum of the European Societies of Clinical Chemistry, the European Branch of the International Federation of Clinical Chemistry and Laboratory Medicine
IBM-PC in the laboratory
Clinical biochemistry : techniques and instrumentation
Instrumental methods in electrochemistry
Laboratory techniques in electroanalytical chemistry
Labquality news
Techniques in microbiology : a student handbook
In situ hybridization : a practical approach
Laboratory experiments in biochemistry
A manual for primary human cell culture
Teaching in laboratories
Chemical analysis in the laboratory : a basic guide
PCR primer : a laboratory manual
Purification of laboratory chemicals
Culture of hematopoietic cells
The organic chem lab survival manual : a student's guide to techniques
Clinical chemistry, immunology and laboratory quality control
Microscale practical organic chemistry
Lynch's medical laboratory technology
Medical biomethods handbook
Clinical laboratory science : the basics and routine techniques
Extraction of organic analytes from foods
Review of medical microbiology and immunology
International laboratory
Science educator's guide to laboratory assessment
The fundamentals of scientific research : an introductory laboratory manual
"This book is a concise review of the medically important aspects of microbiology and immunology. It covers both the basic and clinical aspects of bacteriology, virology, mycology, parasitology, and immunology. Its two major aims are (1) to assist those who are preparing for the USMLE (National Boards) and (2) to provide students who are currently taking medical microbiology courses with a brief and up-to-date source of information. My goal is to provide the reader with an accurate source of clinically relevant information at a level appropriate for those beginning their medical education"--Provided by publisher.
Experimental organic chemistry : standard and microscale
Microscale techniques for the organic laboratory
Microscale organic laboratory
A manual for biochemistry protocols
Linne & Ringsrud's clinical laboratory science : the basics and routine techniques
Clinical chemistry : principles, procedures, correlations
Review manual to Henry's clinical diagnosis and management by laboratory methods : twenty-first edition
Electrophoresis of proteins in polyacrylamide and starch gels
Solid/liquid separation : principles of industrial filtration
High-performance gradient elution : the practical application of the linear-solvent-strength model
Food microbiology and laboratory practice
Biotechnology explorations : applying the fundamentals
Clinical chemistry : theory, analysis and correlation
Modern techniques for pathogen detection
Foundations of college chemistry in the laboratory
Laboratory manual [for] Organic chemistry, a short course, 12th edition
Biological stains : a handbook on the nature and uses of the dyes employed in the biological laboratory
Radioisotope laboratory techniques
Culture of Animal Cells : A Manual of Basic Technique and Specialized Applications
Solid phase microextraction : a practical guide
Experimental organic chemistry : a balanced approach: Macroscale and microscale
Lab math : a handbook of measurements, calculations, and other quantitative skills for use at the bench
Live cell imaging : a laboratory manual
The environment in marketing communications of any business is constantly changing and developing. New technological advancements, globalization, the Internet and others communication channels open new paths for business marketers. Consumer marketing has many opportunities to reach audience via media for example. In business-to-business marketing the rules are quite different and noise surrounding the messaging is difficult to recognize and block. Company X provides industrial and municipal solutions in both domestic and global markets. There are varieties of communications strategies available which is why I saw this as an opportunity to learn about something that is very current and valuable for the company. Though the company has many successful strategies already existing, I wanted to come up with some new ideas. Web Medias are the trendiest channels in current business and knowledge on that are is quite narrow. This is why the main focus in this thesis surrounds the web environment. The future IMC implementations of Company X are also discussed. The literature review is collected from web sources that tend to be more up to date and books provided by local libratory and online archives. Also, a research case study was conducted in order to evaluate the current online visibility of the company.
Since the publication of the sixth edition of this benchmark text, numerous advances in the field have been made - particularly in stem cells, 3D culture, scale-up, STR profiling, and culture of specialized cells. Culture of Animal Cells: A Manual of Basic Technique and Specialized Applications, Seventh Edition is the updated version of this benchmark text, addressing these recent developments in the field as well as the basic skills and protocols. This eagerly awaited edition reviews the increasing diversity of the applications of cell culture and the proliferation of specialized techniques, and provides an introduction to new subtopics in mini-reviews. New features also include a new chapter on cell line authentication with a review of the major issues and appropriate protocols including DNA profiling and barcoding, as well as some new specialized protocols. Because of the continuing expansion of cell culture, and to keep the bulk of the book to a reasonable size, some specialized protocols are presented as supplementary material online. Culture of Animal Cells: A Manual of Basic Technique and Specialized Applications, Seventh Edition provides the most accessible and comprehensive introduction available to the culture and experimental manipulation of animal cells. This text is an indispensable resource for those in or entering the field, including academic research scientists, clinical and biopharmaceutical researchers, undergraduate and graduate students, cell and molecular biology and genetics lab managers, trainees and technicians.
Advanced diagnostic methods in pathology : principles, practice, and protocols
Rovaniemi proceedings : 22nd Nordic R3-Symposium, 3.-5.6.1991, Finland
The organic chem lab survival manual : a studentś guide to techniques
Autoradiographic techniques : localization of radioisotopes in biological material
Histotechnology : a self-instruction text
Handbook of diagnostic tests
Clinical laboratory science
Introduction to organic laboratory techniques : a small scale approach
Benchmarking international high-technology research laboratories' marketing in Europe
