http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p19567 sophism
sophism
This book explores the place of the sophists within the Greek wisdom tradition, and argues against their almost universal exclusion from serious intellectual traditions. By studying the sophists against the backdrop of the archaic Greek institutions of wisdom, it is possible to detect considerable intellectual overlap between them and their predecessors. This book explores the continuity of this tradition, suggesting that the sophists' intellectual balkanization in modern scholarship, particularly their low standing in comparison to the Presocratics, Platonists, and Aristotelians, is a direct result of Plato's condemnation of them and their practices. This book thus seeks to offer a revised history of the development of Greek philosophy, as well as of the potential---yet never realized---courses it might have followed. --Book Jacket.
The Sophists
The school of Libanius in late antique Antioch
Plato's reception of Parmenides
Plato's counterfeit sophists
The second sophistic : a cultural phenomenon in the Roman empire
Natural law and political realism in the history of political thought
Being Greek under Rome : cultural identity, the Second Sophistic, and the development of empire
Philostratus : biography and belles lettres in the third century A. D.
A history of Western philosophy. 1, The classical mind
Plato's Sophist
A history of Greek philosophy. Volume 3, The fifth-century enlightment
The sophists
Negation and non-being
History of Greek philosophy : the sophists, Socrates, Plato
The Blackwell guide to ancient philosophy
"Some philosophers argue that false speech and false belief are impossible. In the Sophist, Plato addresses this 'falsehood paradox', which purports to prove that one can neither say nor believe falsehoods (because to say or believe a falsehood is to say or believe something that is not, and is therefore not there to be said or believed). In this book Paolo Crivelli closely examines the whole dialogue and shows how Plato's brilliant solution to the paradox is radically different from those put forward by modern philosophers. He surveys and critically discusses the vast range of literature which has developed around the Sophist over the past fifty years, and provides original solutions to several problems that are so far unsolved. His book will be important for all who are interested in the Sophist and in ancient ontology and philosophy of language more generally"--
Sextus Empiricus against Aelius Aristides : the conflict between philosophy and rhetoric in the second century A.D
Rhetoric, sophistry, pragmatism
This edition collects all the surviving evidence for the fifth-century BCE Athenian sophist Antiphon and presents it together with a translation and a full commentary, which assesses its reliability and significance. Although Antiphon is not as familiar a figure as sophists such as Protagoras and Georgias, substantial fragments have survived from his major works, On Truth and On Concord, including extensive remains preserved on papyrus.
The second sophistic
The first philosophers : the presocratics and the sophists
The great Sophists in Periclean Athens
Ignatius of Antioch and the second Sophistic : a study of an early Christian transformation of pagan culture
Gorgias : sophist and artist
Paideia : the world of the second sophistic
Paul's true rhetoric : ambiguity, cunning, and deception in Greece and Rome
This book is a study of the fourth-century sophist Libanius, a major intellectual figure who ran one of the most prestigious schools of rhetoric in the later Roman Empire. He was a tenacious adherent of pagan religion and a friend of the emperor Julian, but also taught leaders of the early Christian church like St. John Chrysostom and St. Basil the Great. Raffaella Cribiore examines Libanius's training and personality, showing him to be a vibrant educator, though somewhat gloomy and anxious by nature. She traces how he cultivated a wide network of friends and former pupils and courted powerful officials to recruit top students. Cribiore describes his school in Antioch - how students applied, how they were evaluated and trained, and how Libanius reported progress to their families. She details the professional opportunities that a thorough training in rhetoric opened up for young men of the day. Also included here are translations of 200 of Libanius's most important letters on education.
Plato's account of falsehood : a study of the Sophist
The sophistic renaissance
The fragments
