http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p19523 reference databases
reference databases
Bibliographic software and the electronic library
The evidence-based practice manual for nurses
Development of research networks : the case of social capital
Finding the evidence for practice : a workbook for health professionals
Handbook of relational database design
The essential guide to using the web for research
Academic core collection (HeinOnline)
Online information retrieval : an introductory manual to principles and practice
TRID : the TRIS and ITRD database
Helecon SCANP (Scandinavian Index in Economics and Business)
Database system concepts
Electronic style : a guide to citing electronic information
Information sources and searching on the World Wide Web
Johann Sebastian Bach (1685-1750) is one of the most thoroughly researched composers of Western Art music. For a young scholar, the first task of finding out the state of the current research can be a daunting one. Due to the way the bibliographical studies have been carried out and published in the past, it is unlikely that Bach scholars will ever see a comprehensive, definitive single-volume book in this subject in the future. This electronic publication project is precisely aimed at maintaining the most up-to-date information, with advanced search facilities not previously available. The Database contains over 50 000 records.
Bach bibliography : serving scholars all over the world
In 2011, TRB and ITRD released TRID, the TRIS and ITRD Database.  TRID is the world's largest and most comprehensive bibliographic resource on transportation research information.  It is produced and maintained by the Transportation Research Board of the US National Academies with sponsorship by State Departments of Transportation, the various administrations at the U.S. Department of Transportation, and other sponsors of TRB's core technical activities.  ITRD is produced by ITRD member organizations under the under the sponsorship of Joint Transport Research Centre (collectively JTRC) of the International Transport Forum and Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) and ITRD. TRID contains more than 1.1 million records of references to books, technical reports, conference proceedings, and journal articles in the field of transportation research. Close to 600 serial titles are regularly scanned and indexed for TRID.
The college student's research companion
