http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p19511 culture sector
culture sector
Culture-Biz : locating women as film and book publishing professionals in Europe
The ERIBA model : an effective and successful policy framework for the creative industries
Public relations in a transition society 1989-2002 : using a stakeholder approach in organisational communications and relations analyses
Strategic management in the arts
Cultural diversity in hospitality management  : how to improve cultural diversity workforce
Towards a learning and competence creating ecosystem LCCE®
Cultural Policy : a short guide
Marketing for cultural organizations : new strategies for attracting and engaging audiences
Developing music management in European collaboration : cross-evaluation report of the degree programme in music management
Change is no stranger to us in the twenty-first century. All of us must constantly adjust to an evolving world, to transformation and innovation. But for many thousands of creative artists, a torrent of recent changes has made it all but impossible to earn a living. A persistent economic recession, social shifts, and technological change have combined to put our artists-from graphic designers to indie-rock musicians, from architects to booksellers-out of work. This book looks deeply and broadly into the roots of the crisis of the creative class in America and tells us why it matters.
'Careers in Media and Film' has been written to help students graduates and academics from the disciplines of film, media and related subjects (and for those from other disciplines who want to break into the media) with their career choices.
Digitizing race : visual cultures of the Internet
Communication and culture : an introduction
Gender and creative labour
Descriptions of Finnish vocational qualifications in Finnish, Swedish, English, German and French. Culture : crafts and design, media culture
Cultural policy, work and identity : the creation, renewal and negotiation of professional subjectivities
The cultural industries
Innovating with information technology in a globalized world : being proactive about culture
Times of the technoculture : from the information society to the virtual life
Arts & business : exempel på kreativa allianser i Norden = Arts & business : creative alliances - a collection of cases in the North
The business of culture : strategic perspectives on entertainment and media
Culture crash : the killing of the creative class
When business meets culture : ideas and experiences for mutual profit
Organizational Climate Survey: OP-Services
Regional economic structures in Finland : analyses of location and regional economic impact
Interprofessional and international learning experiences in social and health care higher education in Lahti University of Applied Sciences
Creating experiences in the experience economy
A study of Negotiation Styles : Between business managers from UK and Indian cultural backgrounds
The global and the local in Max Cavalera's music projects /.
Cultural manager 2020 : visions of future
Finland, Asia and international co-operation : the Asia Action Programme prepared by the Finnish Ministry of Education, adopted on March 20, 2006 : summary
Abstract: Research has pointed out the importance of culture and climate in relation to strategy and overall success of knowledge organizations. Vision, mission, and values make up the culture but they are also the building blocks in strategic planning. It has been shown that satisfied and happy employees are more productive especially in the context of a knowledge organization. OP-Pohjola Group aims to be the financial sector's most attractive employer. The Group makes a strong long-term commitment to improving employee wellbeing, competence, leadership development, and rewarding practices. Personnel are encouraged to pursue professional growth throughout their careers. The results of the Organizational Climate Survey were mostly positive even though clear areas of improvement were found. The areas of improvement include the following: It seems that employees need to deal with too much bureaucracy. Also female employees are not satisfied with their opportunities for advancement and it seems that mission, vision, and values do not show in everyday work and procedures. Employees do not always get enough feedback from their managers. Furthermore, there is a lack of two-way communication. Regardless of these areas of improvement, the respondents are generally satisfied with OP-Services as an employer. In a big organization there are various opportunities.
Making it! : in the arts, theatre & music : Finland
White cube
Customer service for hospitality and tourism
Polar tourism : an environmental perspective
The new academic librarian : essays on changing roles and responsibilities
Developing Music Management in European collaboration : cross-evaluation report of the Degree Programme in Music Management
Copyright in the cultural industries
How to Enter the Russian Construction Market : Business Strategies for Oy RVP Niemelä AB
"The new essays on today's academic librarians examine above all their functions and responsibilities. From digital resources and special collections, to web development and new outreach initiatives, the topics covered by the essays in this book will reassure new librarians and stimulate prospective librarians as they realize the enhanced and varied positions that are available"--
The ethics of sightseeing
Creative cities : cultural industries, urban development and the information society
Pyramid or pillars : unveiling the status of women in arts and media professions in Europe
Marketing strategy for creative and cultural industries
Theorizing cultural work : labour, continuity and change in the cultural and creative industries
OVERVIEW OF CHINESE CHAIN CATERING MARKET
The contested autonomy of arts and journalism : change and continuity in the dual professionalism of cultural journalism
Creativity, communication, and culture value
How culture affects management?
Successful marketing strategies are a vital aspect of any business. This textbook provides students and potential managers in the creative industries with a solid grounding in how to maximize the impact of their marketing efforts across a range of business types in the creative and cultural industries. With a range of learning exercises and real-life examples, this text shows how to create and execute successful marketing plans for creative businesses and is useful for marketing students and practitioners.
Logistics Practices in the Service sector : The case study of New Fairmount Hotel, Zambia
Essays on managerial myopia and subject positions in companies with different governance structures
The quality of life in the Finnish game industry
Changing room : mobility of non-artistic cultural professionals in Europe : a mobility pilot for cultural operators by Trans Europe Halles : research report
Developing best practices in event management
Careers in media and film : the essential guide
Creative industries : Russian profile
Blue book of China's cultural industries : annual report on the development of China's cultural industries
The politics of cultural work
Construction of cultural labour market / Maurizio Lazzarato
Arts, health, entrepreneurship? : a conference on arts and health projects and practices on 22-23 October 2012 in Helsinki
New technologies for the cultural and scientific heritage sector
Fashion : a very short introduction
Public financing of the arts and culture: statistics and reality in Finland : methodological issues and identification of the 1990s turning points that reshaped the conditions of cultural and art institutions
Creative careers : paths for aspiring actors, artists, dancers, musicians and writers
Tourist Motivation and Information Search Behaviour
Case: Museum of Contemporary Art Kiasma
Cultural management and its boundaries: past, present, and future : symposium series: Cultural Management and the State of the Field
The cultural leadership handbook : how to run a creative organization
Introducing the creative industries : from theory to practice
Marketing Cameroon as a Cultural Tourism Destination to Finnish Tourists
A textbook of cultural economics
MAMK Savonlinna : kuvia vuosien varrelta = Mikkeli University of Applied Sciences Savonlinna : photos over the years = Universitet prikladnyh nauk Mikkeli v Savonlinna : fotografii prošlyh let
Management and the arts
Training artists for innovation : competencies for new contexts
Gay-friendly Helsinki: Case Helsinki Pride
International hospitality management : concepts and cases
The culture business : management strategies for the arts-related business
Jobs and premises in the cultural sector in Helsinki
Quality principles for cultural Websites : a handbook
The creative industries : culture and policy
Fast food nation : the dark side of the all-American meal
From Darwin to Weil : women as transmitters of ideas
Creative economy report 2008 : the challenge of assessing the creative economy : towards informed policy-making
Rock Hellsinki, Marketing Research
Entrepreneurship in the creative industries : an international perspective
A study of negotiation styles : between business managers from UK and Indian cultural backgrounds
Abstract: The world is definitely becoming smaller due to advances in transport and communications. Technology combined with the development of a world economy have resulted in people from different nations, cultures, languages and backgrounds now communicating, meeting and doing business with one another more than ever. Very few businesses can escape the need to at some point in time deal with foreign colleagues, clients or customers. Business is international and if an organisation wants to develop and grow it needs to harness the potential an international stage offers.  Negotiations are a frequent part of international business. Parties involved in a negotiation face different problems in reaching a successful outcome. When the parties have different cultural bacgrounds the faced problems becomes more complex. The West (UK) and the East (India) have attracted many experts to make a comparison because distinguished differences do exist in the two kinds of cultures and are the deep-seated reasons as to why negotiation styles differ between the UK and Indian business people.
The polysemous contemporary concept : the rhetoric of the cultural industry
Organizational climate survey : OP-services
This business of music : the definitive guide to the music industry
Entrepreneurship and the creative economy : process, practice and policy
Making & selling culture
Creative Industries and Economic Evolution
Successful fundraising for arts and cultural organizations
Understandign the value of arts & culture : the AHRC cultural value project
Culture as a vocation : sociology of career choices in cultural management
The phantom public sphere
Abstract: Developing Music Management in European collaboration. Cross-evaluation report of the Degree Programme in Music Management.
Handbook of the economics of art and culture. Vol. 1
Sensing Nepal in a Peer Student Created Multi-sensory Environment
How networking works : IETM study on the effects of networking
Creativity, communication and cultural value
Culturally competitive and prosperous South Ostrobothnia : the cultural strategy for 2010-2013 : update
