http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1954 women's literature
women's literature
Family matters : Puerto Rican women authors on the island and the mainland
Reading contemporary African American literature : Black women's popular fiction, post-civil rights experience, and the African American canon
Writing diaspora : South Asian women, culture and ethnicity
"While American literary history has long acknowledged the profound influence of journalism on canonical male writers, Sari Edelstein argues that American women writers were also influenced by a dynamic relationship with the mainstream press. From the early republic through the turn of the twentieth century, she offers a comprehensive reassessment of writers such as Catharine Maria Sedgwick, Harriet Jacobs, and Charlotte Perkins Gilman. Drawing on slave narratives, sentimental novels, and realist fiction, Edelstein examines how advances in journalism--including the emergence of the penny press, the rise of the story-paper, and the birth of eyewitness reportage--shaped not only a female literary tradition but also gender conventions themselves."--Publisher description.
Southern daughter : the life of Margaret Mitchell
Women, popular culture, and the eighteenth century
American hybrid poetics : gender, mass culture, and form
Race, gender and class perspectives : in the works of Maya Angelou, Gwendolyn Brooks, Rita Dove, Nikki Giovanni, and Audre Lorde
"Despite a modern tendency to describe medieval women as suppressed and marginalized, a critical reading of relevant texts by female poets/writers demonstrates that women all over Europe in the premodern era enjoyed considerable freedom to express themselves and to contribute to the literary discourse of their time. This book brings together representative poets from Germany, England, France, Spain, Hungary, and Austria and thus develops an innovative pan-European perspective spanning from the tenth to the sixteenth century. Well-known writers are as much included as some rather little studied individuals, who all form part of a strong choir of female voices."--
Transgressive transcripts : gender and sexuality in contemporary Chinese Canadian women's writing
Eye to eye - women : their words and worlds
From in-betweenness to nothingness : intersections of race, class and gender in Jean Rhys's Wide Sargasso Sea
Women of India
Between the novel and the news : the emergence of American women's writing
The golden notebook
Moments of truth : twelve twentieth-century women writers
Daughters of valor : contemporary Jewish American women writers
Plays on women
Convent theatre in early modern Italy : spritual fun and learning for women
Reading Contemporary African American Literature focuses on the subject of contemporary African American popular fiction by women. Braggś study addresses why such work should be the subject of scholarly examination, describes the events and attitudes which account for the critical neglect of this body of work, and models a critical approach to such narratives that demonstrates the distinctive ways in which this literature captures the complexities of post-civil rights era black experiences. In making her arguments regarding the value of popular writing, Bragg argues that black womenś popular fiction foregrounds gender in ways that are frequently missing from other modes of narrative production. They exhibit a responsiveness and timeliness to the shifting social terrain which is reflected in the rapidly shifting styles and themes which characterize popular fiction. In doing so, they extend the historical function of African American literature by continuing to engage the black body as a symbol of political meaning in the social context of the United States. In popular literature Beauty Bragg locates a space from which black women engage a variety of public discourses. --Provided by publisher.
Political writings : A vindication of the rights of men : A vindication of the rights of women : An historical and moral view of the French revolution
How far is forever : and more stories by woman writers
Sandra Cisneros's The house on Mango Street
Women writers in South Indian languages
The 'improper' feminine : the women's sensation novel and the new woman writing
New novels in African literature today : a review
The dynamics of African feminism : defining and classifying African-feminist literatures
Examined in this study are twentieth- and twenty-first century autobiographies and memoirs by major New Zealand women writers. Brought together for the first time in a single study, texts by Sylvia Ashton-Warner, Janet Frame, Lauris Edmond, Fiona Kidman, Barbara Anderson, Ruth Park, and Ruth Dallas are analysed with the aid of spatial concepts that probe unexplored aspects of their life-narratives. Drawing on recent and revised concepts of place and space in cultural geography, philosophy, and sociology, the book acknowledges the link between identities and locations in a non-essentialist way.
Charlotte Brontë : Jane Eyre
Bridget Jones : mad about the boy
Voices in the shadows : women and verbal art in Serbia and Bosnia
Sisterhoods : across the literature/media divide
Women's fiction and post-9/11 contexts
George Sand and idealism
Witches, Goddesses and Angry Spirits: The Politics of Spiritual Liberation in African Diaspora Women's Fiction explores African diaspora religious practices as vehicles for Africana women's spiritual transformation, using representative fictions by three contemporary writers of the African Americas who compose fresh models of female spirituality: Breath, Eyes, Memory (1994) by Haitian American novelist Edwidge Danticat; Paradise (1998) by African American Nobel laureate Toni Morrison; and I, Tituba, Black Witch of Salem (1992) by Guadeloupean author Maryse Condé. Author Maha Marouan argues that while these authors' works burst with powerful female figures--witches, goddesses, healers, priestesses, angry spirits--they also remain honest in reminding readers of the silences surrounding African diaspora women's realities and experiences of violence, often as a result of gendered religious discourses. To make sense of Africana women's experiences of the diaspora, this book operates from a transnational perspective that moves across national and linguistic boundaries as it connects the Anglophone, the Francophone, and the Creole worlds of the African Americas. In doing so, Marouan identifies crucial shared thematic concerns regarding the authors' engagement with religious frameworks--some Judeo-Christian, some not--heretofore unexamined in such a careful, comparative fashion.
Critical perspectives on Indo-Caribbean women's literature
This book examines the construction of women's subjectivity and the textual production of Canadian female voices orchestrated in history, culture, ethnicity, and sexuality. The book, stressing the dissemination and re-inscription of femaleness and femininity in Chinese Canadian history, employs critical models that defy the sexual/textual imaginary of the Canadian literary scene. Four fields of study are conjoined: feminist theories of the body, gender and sexuality studies, women's writing, and Asian North American studies. Analysing four writers, SKY Lee, Larissa Lai, Lydia Kwa, and Evelyn Lau, the book anchors its thematic and theoretical concern with female sexuality in the context of Chinese Canadian writing. Feminist narratives and gender politics in contemporary Asian North American literature are highlighted via the trope of 'transgression'.
Negotiating home and hybridity : survival and unhomeliness in Eden Robinson's Monkey Beach and Miriam Toews's A Complicated Kindness
In her thesis, Watkins investigates the representation of ‘problematic identities in women’s fiction of the Sri Lankan diaspora’. As well as scrutinizing the literature for gender specific issues, both cultural and psychological, the thesis illustrates its collective significance as culture specific literature.
Bicultural bodies : a study of South Asian American women's literature
The good husband of zebra drive
Woman's world : a novel
Textual mothers/maternal texts : motherhood in contemporary women's literatures
Transgressing boundaries : gender, identity, culture, and the 'other' in postcolonial women's narratives in East Africa
The handmaid's tale
Modernity, sexuality, and ideology in Iran : the life and legacy of a popular female artist
Friends, lovers, chocolate
Hauptbeschreibung 'Revolving-Door Life Writing' is about selected Puerto Rican female (im)migrant authors and filmmakers on the East Coast of the United States. The focus of this study lies on the hybrid and partly transnational cultural identities of these life writers. Since Nuyorican and ""NuRican"" life writing undermines the given context of the (neo-)colonial status, decisive attempts at decolonisation take place. The authors use the rather subversive strategy of jaibaría, a Puerto Rican folk tactic; the filmmakers are more overt with their tools of directness voiced in confrontation and provocation.
Bringing together leading international scholars of contemporary fiction and modern women writers, this book provides authoritative new critical readings of Angela Carter's work from a variety of innovative theoretical and disciplinary approaches. Angela Carter : New Critical Readings both evaluates Carter's legacy as feminist provocateur and postmodern stylist, and broaches new ground in considering Carter as, variously, a poet and a 'naturalist'. Including coverage of Carter's earliest writings and her journalism as well as her more widely studied novels, short stories and dramatic works, the book covers such topics as rescripting the canon, surrealism, and Carter's poetics.
The lonely hunter : a biography of Carson McCullers
Edith Södergran's Modern Virgin : Overcoming Nietzsche and the Gendered Narrator
Tillie Olsen : one woman, many riddles
Ecocriticism and women writers : environmentalist poetics of Virginia Woolf, Jeanette Winterson, and Ali Smith
Writing for their lives : the modernist women 1910-1940
Resurgent : new writing by women
Understanding Jane Smiley
Wildish things : an anthology of new Irish women's writing
The No. 1 ladies' detective agency
Fictions of authority : women writers and narrative voice
There's no place like here
The awakening
Erotic memoirs and postfeminism : the politics of pleasure
Portrait of a woman as artist : Emilia Pardo Bazán and the modern novel in France and Spain
About the self and the time : on the autobiographical texts by É. Gerštejn, T. Petkevič, E. Bonnèr, M. Pliseckaja and M. Arbatova
The saving graces
Revolving-door life writing : literature and cinema of Puerto Rican women
Feminism, the left, and postwar literary culture
Women on the Italian literary scene : a panorama
Women in Russia and the Soviet Union
Women's Gothic : from Clara Reeve to Mary Shelley
Daughters of Africa : an international anthology of words and writings by women of African descent from the ancient Egypt to the present
Mini shopaholic
Words, not swords : Iranian women writers and the freedom of movement
Andrea Levy : contemporary critical perspectives
There is no friend like a sister : sibling relationships in Jane Austen's Pride and prejudice and Persuasion
Imagining the Black female body : reconciling image in print and visual culture
On not knowing Greek
Caught between cultures : women, writing & subjectivities
Women writing in India : 600 b. C. to the present. Vol. 2, The twentieth century
Women's work : nationalism and contemporary African American women's novels
"The changing same" : black women's literature, criticism, and theory
Sugar and spice
Modern American women writers
The stylistics of chick lit : an analysis of cappuchino fiction
Hunger, consumption, and identity in Elizabeth Gaskell's novels
"Passage to Manhattan: Critical Essays on Meena Alexander" is a unique compendium of scholarship on South Asian American writer Meena Alexander, who is recognized as one of the most influential and innovative contemporary South Asian American poets. Her poetry, memoirs, and fiction occupy a unique locus at the intersection of postcolonial and US multicultural studies. This anthology examines the importance of her contribution to both fields. It is the first sustained analysis of the entire Alexander oeuvre, employing a diverse array of critical methodologies. Drawing on feminist, Marxist, cultural studies, trauma studies, contemporary poetics, phenomenology, and psychoanalysis, the collection features fifteen chapters and an Afterword, by well established scholars of postcolonial and Asian American literature like Roshni Rustomji, May Joseph, Anindyo Roy, and Amritjit Singh, as well as by emerging scholars like Ronaldo Wilson, Parvinder Mehta, and Kazim Ali. The contributors offer insights on nearly all of Alexander's major works, and the volume achieves a balance between Alexander's diverse genres, covering the spectrum from early works like "Nampally Road" to her forthcoming book "The Poetics of Dislocation". The essays engage with a variety of debates in postcolonial, feminist, and US multicultural studies, as well as providing many nuanced and detailed readings of Alexander's mutli-layered texts.
Romantic women poets 1770-1838 : An anthology
The Senegalese novel by women
800 years of women's letters
Diasporic women's writing of the Black Atlantic : (en)gendering literature and performance
Witches, goddesses, and angry spirits : the politics of spiritual liberation in African diaspora women's fiction
Rose Elizabeth Cleveland : first lady and literary scholar
Women and the Gothic : An Edinburgh Companion
The photograph : and other selected writings
"American Hybrid Poetics explores the ways in which hybrid poetics--a playful mixing of disparate formal and aesthetic strategies--have been the driving force in the work of a historically and culturally diverse group of women poets who are part of a robust tradition in contesting the dominant cultural order. Amy Moorman Robbins examines the ways in which five poets--Gertrude Stein, Laura Mullen, Alice Notley, Harryette Mullen, and Claudia Rankine--use hybridity as an implicitly political strategy to interrupt mainstream American language, literary genres, and visual culture, and expose the ways in which mass culture in the twentieth and twenty-first centuries has had a powerfully standardizing impact on the collective American imagination. By forcing encounters between incompatible traditions--consumer culture with the avant-garde, low culture forms with experimental poetics, prose poetry with linguistic subversiveness--these poets bring together radically competing ideologies and highlight their implications for lived experience. Robbins argues that it is precisely because these poets have mixed forms that their work has gone largely unnoticed by leading members and critics in experimental poetry circles. Robbins shows that while these poets employ widely varying linguistic strategies and topical range, they share a common and deeply critical vision of American popular culture as it promulgates bourgeois capitalist and imperialist values and forecloses possibilities for independent thought and creative resistance. They also share the view that contemporary history can be reimagined in intellectually liberating ways through hybrid poetics"--
Women's writing : text and context
Determined women
Byronic heroes in nineteenth-century women's writing and screen adaptation
The double comfort Safari club
Women in praise of the sacred : 43 centuries of spiritual poetry by women
"This book is the first collection on Indo-Caribbean women's writing and the first work to offer a sustained analysis of the literature from a range of theoretical and critical perspectives, such as ecocriticism, feminist, queer, post-colonial and Caribbean cultural theories. The essays not only lay the framework of an emerging and growing field, but also critically situate internationally acclaimed writers such as Shani Mootoo, Lakshmi Persaud and Ramabai Espinet within this emerging tradition. Indo-Caribbean women writers provide a fresh new perspective in Caribbean literature, be it in their unique representations of plantation history, anti-colonial movements, diasporic identities, feminisms, ethnicity and race, or contemporary Caribbean societies and culture. The book offers a theoretical reading of the poetics, politics and cultural traditions that inform Indo-Caribbean women's writing, arguing that while women writers work with and through postcolonial and Caribbean cultural theories, they also respond to a distinctive set of influences and realities specific to their positioning within the Indo-Caribbean community and the wider national, regional and global imaginary. Contributors visit the overlap between national and transnational engagements in Indo-Caribbean women's literature, considering the writers' response to local or nationally specific contexts, and the writers' response to the diasporic and transnational modalities of Caribbean and Indo-Caribbean communities".
Consciousness in narrative : a case study of women's fiction 1688-1922
The poetry of Chen Jingrong : a modern Chinese woman poet
Angela Carter : new critical readings
Rewriting the return to Africa : voices of francophone Caribbean women writers
Sucking salt : Caribbean women writers, migration, and survival
I don't know how she does it : a comedy about failure, a tragedy about success
Trauma narratives and herstory
Caribbean journeys : intersections of female identity in the novels of Michelle Cliff
Second chance
The female and the species : the animal in Irish women's writing
The witch in history : early modern and twentieth-century representations
Conversations with Bharati Mukherjee
Unreliable truths : transcultural homeworlds in Indian women's fiction of the diaspora
Herself defined : the poet H. D. and her world
This collection of newly commissioned essays brings together major scholars in the field of Gothic studies in order to re-think the topic of 'Women and the Gothic'. The 14 chapters in this volume engage with debates about 'Female Gothic' from the 1970s and '80s, through second wave feminism, theorisations of gender and a long interrogation of the 'women' category as well as with the problematics of post-feminism, now itself being interrogated by a younger generation of women. The contributors explore Gothic works - from established classics to recent films and novels - from feminist and post-feminist perspectives. The result is a lively book that combines rigorous close readings with elegant use of theory in order to question some ingrained assumptions about women, the Gothic and identity.
"This book is the first to study American hybrid poetics in any depth and it is groundbreaking in foregrounding the work of women poets as leaders in this movement rather than also-rans. It is also the first book to position hybridity as a formal and political aesthetic strategy that has a history in the modernist experimentation of Gertrude Stein. At the same time, the book is one of few studies that argues for the relevance of mass culture to feminist experimental art; in this, the book follows a path laid out by Johanna Drucker and Susan Suleiman. Crucially, and at the dawn of a new era in poetry studies, the book argues forcefully against post-Language era political poets who are openly hostile to the idea of hybrid aesthetics in poetry on the grounds that it is a bland, a-political aesthetic, at the same time that the book argues that the work of the poets studied here reveals far greater depth and dimension to the concept of hybridity than critics have acknowledged"--
Rabbits, crabs, etc. : stories by Japanese women
British women short story writers : the new woman to now
Mint tea and other stories
Beyond Bangalore : an anthology of Kannada short stories by contemporary women writers : translated from Kannada
Infinite variety : women in society and literature
L. A. Candy
This charming man
"This book explores the relationship between space, place and gendered violence as depicted in a range of South African writing. Gendered violence constitutes a unique form of violence because it is at once both intensely political and intensely personal. As a case study, South Africa offers considerable potential for analysis because the governmental technology of apartheid affected not only race relations, but also gendered and spatial ones. This resulted in conditions of exceptionality that operate on the levels of institutional power and political allegory, but yet had, and still have, an immense impact on the everyday. This book focuses on how narrative representations of gendered violence document, negotiate, challenge and resist structures of domination and power"--
A bridge over the Balkans : Demetra Vaka Brown and the tradition of "women's orients"
Blue shoes and happiness
Coming out
Distorted bodies and suffering souls : women in Australian fiction, 1984-1994
The waves
Busybodies, meddlers, and snoops : the female hero in contemporary women's mysteries
Collection of contributed papers presented at a seminar.
Feminist readings/feminists reading
"Through the long corridor of distance" : space and self in contemporary New Zealand women's autobiographies
The Cambridge companion to Edith Wharton
The veiled landscape : Slovenian women writing
The gossip girl : it had to be you
Husbands, lovers, and dreamlovers : masculinity and female desire in women's novels of the 1970s
Close kin and distant relatives : the paradox of respectability in Black women's literature
Anglophone Indian women writers, 1870-1920
Blood, bread, and poetry : selected prose 1979-1985
Rebellion in Jane Eyre : a critique of an era
Feminist stylistics
The infernal desires of Angela Carter : fiction, feminity, feminism
Hot death, cold soup : twelve short stories
The Victorian woman question in contemporary feminist fiction
Tradition and change in contemporary West and East African fiction
Through random doors we wandered : women writing the South
Our stories, our visions : 40 of the world's most influential women, 40 of their most intimate interviews, 40 poweful voices fighting for change
This book examines the ways that recent U.S. Latina literature challenges popular definitions of nationhood and national identity. It explores the works of Mexican American, Puerto Rican, and Cuban American writers Denise Chavez, Ana Castillo, Sandra Cisneros, Judith Ortiz Cofer, Esmeralda Santiago, and Himilce Novas to show how these texts argue for the legitimate belonging of Latino/as within U.S. borders and counter much of today's anti-immigration rhetoric.
Cannibal writes : eating others in Caribbean and Indian Ocean women's writing
Liberating literature : feminist fiction in America
Women and the rise of the novel,  1405-1726
A literature of their own : British women novelists from Bronte to Lessing
Tradition and the poetics of self in ninteenth-century women's poetry
In the company of cheerful ladies
Private woman, public state : literary domesticity in nineteenth-century America
"Byronic Heroes in Nineteenth-Century Women's Writing and Screen Adaptation charts a new chapter in the changing fortunes of a unique cultural phenomenon. This book examines the afterlives of the Byronic hero through the work of nineteenth-century women writers and screen adaptations of their fiction. It is a timely reassessment of Byron's enduring legacy during the nineteenth century and beyond, focusing on the charged and unstable literary dialogues between Jane Austen, Elizabeth Gaskell, George Eliot and a Romantic icon whose presence takes centre stage in recent screen adaptations of their most celebrated novels. The broad interdisciplinary lens employed in this book concentrates on the conflicted rewritings of Byron's poetry, his 'heroic' protagonists, and the cult of Byronism in nineteenth-century novels from Pride and Prejudice to Middlemarch, and extends outwards to the reappearance of Byronic heroes on film and in television series over the last two decades."--
In this anthology of short stories by contemporary Kannada women writers, the editor has put together representative voices of last three decades. The authors included here come from variety of communities, from diverse cultural and regional backgrounds and draw on different literary influences in creating their own writing styles. Two of the authors are based outside Karnataka,in the metropolis of Mumbai, several are based in the now very cosmopolitan Bangalore, while others live in small cities and towns through out Karnataka. Some of the authors are academics, while others are professionals and yet others are homemakers. Among these stories there are several that bear the mark of modern style that dominated Kannada writing in the mid 20th century. There are others that are influenced by more recent politically charged literary movements such as the dalit assertion. Kruti R. is a sociologist by training and she has been active in the worlds of literature, theatre and arts.
The geographical imagination of Annie Proulx : rethinking regionalism
Reading medieval European women writers : strong literary witnesses from the past
Unwinding threads : writing by women in Africa
Foxfire : confessions of a girl gang
"Rose Elizabeth Cleveland was the First Lady of the United States for nearly two years assisting her brother, President Grover Cleveland. Lesser known, she was also a literary scholar, novelist, and a poet who published work that empowered women. Throughout her life, she placed herself in the center of controversies concerning the position of women; their social, political and educational rights and opportunities; and the changing attitudes regarding their sexuality. She posed crucial questions about social norms and identity formation, questioned the validity of the heterosexual norm, and challenged patriarchal expectations. This book puts Rose Cleveland in her proper place in the historical record and shows her work concerning the ways in which society perceived, invented, and articulated gender and sexuality to be relevant still today"--
A female poetics of empire : from Eliot to Woolf
Women writers of the Raj : short fiction from Kipling to independence
Passage to Manhattan : critical essays on Meena Alexander
New woman fiction : women writing first-wave feminism
Reading women's worlds from Christine de Pizan to Doris Lessing : a guide to six centuries of women writers imagining rooms of their own
Latina writers
Daughters of Yemen
"Unbought and Unbossed critically examines the ways black women writers in the 1970s and early 1980s deploy black female characters that transgress racial, gender, and especially sexual boundaries. Trimiko Melancon analyzes literary and cultural texts, including Toni Morrison's Sula and Gloria Naylor's The Women of Brewster Place, in the socio-cultural and historical moments of their production. She shows how representations of black women in the American literary and cultural imagination diverge from stereotypes and constructions of "whiteness," as well as constructions of female identity imposed by black nationalism. Drawing from black feminist and critical race theories, historical discourses on gender and sexuality, and literary criticism, Melancon explores the variety and complexity of black female identity. She illuminates how authors including Ann Allen Shockley, Alice Walker, and Gayl Jones engage issues of desire, intimacy, and independence to shed light on a more complex black identity, one ungoverned by rigid politics over-determined by race, gender and sexuality. "--
Tess of the D'urbervilles : A pure woman
Gender identity as a marker of cultural crisis in marriage : a study of two West African novels
"While books such as Belle de Jour's 'The intimate adventures of a London call girl' and Catherine Millet's 'The sexual life of Catherine M.' captured the imagination of the reading public and marked the contemporary erotic memoir as a publishing phenomenon, the genre has received comparatively scarce scholarly attention. Through examining the cultural dominance of the figure of the 'phallic girl' (or 'ladette') in the early 21st century, this pioneering study explores the conflict that arises when the female-authored erotic memoir - a genre that holds enormous feminist potential - is co-opted by postfeminist cultural praxis. By analyzing the impact of the mainstreaming of pornography and the emergence of new communication technologies on conceptualizations of intimacy, agency and feminine sexual subjectivities, 'Erotic memoirs and postfeminism' presents a broad critical survey of the genre and positions contemporary women's erotic memoirs as contradictory spaces in which female sexual autonomy is both actively celebrated and perniciously disavowed. The book also offers the first sustained critical analysis of a range of contemporary memoirs, including Abby Lee's 'Girl with a one track mind', Melissa P.'s "One hundred strokes of the brush before bed" and Tracy Quan's "Diary of a Manhattan call girl", amongst others"--Back cover.
Chicana feminisms : a critical reader
The secret life of bees
Sexual feelings : reading Anglophone Caribbean women's writing through affect
Lessons in heartbreak
This dissertation is an interdisciplinary study within a comparative Nordic-Germanic framework that proposes new approaches to reading representations of gender in European literary modernism and philosophy via the works of Finland-Swedish poet Edith Södergran and Friedrich Nietzsche. I posit that Södergran's avant-garde poetry presents feminine, masculine, and androgynous narrators that subvert the function of misogyny in Nietzsche's philosophy, which she had fervently read and incorporated into her writing. Surely, Södergran must have faced obstacles as she confronted Nietzsche's ostensible ad feminam; however, her progressive poetry, I contend, illustrates how Nietzsche's own discourse is constructed by androgynous rhetoric that exhibits paradoxically helpful appropriations of the female body. I therefore suggest that Södergran's reception of Nietzsche ushers in a transvaluation of the "modernist body" that overcomes the cultural body of Man and Woman as she opens up philosophical discourse with the feminine other in Nietzsche's otherwise phallocentric discourse. Using a shared framework of post-structural feminist theory, narratology, and poetry criticism, this dissertation attempts to overturn long-standing interpretations of Nietzsche's philosophy and to revise Södergran's mythologized biography and traditional analyses of her poetry. In chapter one, I attempt to separate Edith Södergran from her romanticized biography and refigure the female writing subject in history in a way that de-emphasizes her glorified, personal afflictions and instead elucidates Södergran's creative efforts to redefine gender. In chapter two, I posit that Södergran's lyrical narrator is not an exclusively female subject but a speaker that is multiple: Södergran's narrators are voiced by female, male, and androgynous bodies; which leads to a type of transgendered experience of narration. Chapter three focuses on Nietzsche's representations of women that I suggest influenced Södergran's writing. I attempt to show that Nietzsche's misogyny is actually a latent discussion of the cultural body that has been constructed and maintained by Western caricatures of femininity and masculinity. In chapter four, I examine the paradoxical representations of women in Also Sprach Zarathustra [Thus Spoke Zarathustra]. I look at what Zarathustra's hyper-masculine rhetoric can mean to a female reader who may be seeking ways to demystify essentialist constructions of sexual difference, and I explore the implications that Zarathustra's prophecy of the Übermensch--an advanced, idealistic human being--has for the human body. In the final chapter, I look at the narratological techniques that Södergran and Nietzsche employ in their poetry. Through a combined narratological and feminist approach, I suggest that Södergran and Nietzsche meticulously construct disruptive archetypes of the cultural body via multi-gendered narrative voices. I argue that Nietzsche and Södergran transcend normative narrative devices and introduce unprecedented post-gendered bodies and voices into the European modernist tradition. Their particular depictions of the post-gendered body thus resonate with contemporary theories and philosophical discussions of sex and gender.
In search of our mother's gardens : womanist prose
Troubling nationhood in U.S. Latina literature : explorations of place and belonging
The stone angel
Italian women writers from the Renaissance to the present : revising the canon
Beneath the American Renaissance : the subversive imagination in the age of Emerson and Melville
Black women writers across cultures : an analysis of their contribution
Rhetorical theory by women before 1900 : an anthology
Women writers in twentieth-century Spain and Spanish America
Like a dim and inferior acquaintance : purity and pollution in Sylvia Plath's The Bell Jar
Unbought and unbossed : transgressive black women, sexuality, and representation
A southern weave of women : fiction of the contemporary South
Essays on the art of Angela Carter : flesh and the mirror
A woman of substance
The Virago book of women travellers
Too much happiness
Essays on life writing : from genre to critical practice
A room of one's own
In the feminine mode : essays on Hispanic women writers
Space, place, and gendered violence in South African writing
Postmodern utopias and feminist fictions
"Postcolonial and diaspora studies scholars and critics have paid increasing attention to the use of metaphors of food, eating, digestion, and various affiliated actions such as loss of appetite, indigestion, and regurgitation. As such stylistic devices proliferated in the works of non-Western women writers, scholars connected metaphors of eating and consumption to colonial and imperial domination. In Cannibal Writes, Njeri Githire concentrates on the gendered and sexualized dimensions of these visceral metaphors of consumption in works by women writers from Haiti, Jamaica, Mauritius, and elsewhere. Employing theoretical analysis and insightful readings of English- and French-language texts, she explores the prominence of alimentary-related tropes and their relationship to sexual consumption, writing, global geopolitics and economic dynamics, and migration. As she shows, the use of cannibalism in particular as a central motif opens up privileged modes for mediating historical and sociopolitical issues. Ambitiously comparative, Cannibal Writes ranges across the works of well-known and lesser known writers to tie together two geographic and cultural spaces that have much in common but are seldom studied in parallel"--
Contemporary women's writing in German : changing the subject
Writing back through our mothers : a transnational feminist study on the woman's historical novel
Paris was a woman : portraits from the left bank
Women's fiction : from 1945 to today
Margaret Atwood
Fear of dying : a novel
Activism and the American novel : religion and resistance in fiction by women of color
Young wives
Margaret Fuller : a brief biography with documents
The patron saint of liars
Women writers in Renaissance England
Sylvia Plath
Ingratitude : the debt-bound daughter in Asian American literature
Symbols of confinement and escape in nineteenth and twentieth century women's short fiction
A jest of God
Home in British working-class fiction
Civil war women : the civil war seen through women's eyes in stories by Louisa Alcott, Kate Chopin, Eudora Welty and other great women writers
Their eyes were watching God : [a novel]
Going global : the transnational reception of third world women writers
Moving borders : three decades of innovative writing by women
The Neapolitan novels. Book 1, My brilliant friend
Shattered subjects : trauma and testimony in women's life-writing
Close company : stories of mothers and daughters
Locating gender in modernism : the outsider female
Feminist ecocriticism : environment, women, and literature
Problematic identities in women's fiction of the Sri Lankan diaspora
Women's writing online
