http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p19514 fertility
fertility
Effects of different artificial insemination techniques and sperm doses on fertility of normal mares and mares with abnormal reproductive history
Nuptiality and fertility : proceedings of a seminar held in Bruges (Belgium), 8-11 January 1979
The fertility diet : groundbreaking research reveals natural ways to boost ovulation & improve your chances of getting pregnant
Child-spacing in tropical Africa : traditions and change
Studies on the DNA content nuclear protein and dry mass of bull spermatids and spermatozoal heads with aspects on fertility
Fertility transition : the social dynamics of population change
Impaired spermatogenesis in Finnish boars and bulls
Finnish yearbook of population research. XLVIII, 2013
Journal of reproduction and fertility
The causes of demographic change : experimental research in South India
Fertility and family planning in Europe around 1970 : a comparative study of twelve national surveys
The effects of infant and child mortality on fertility
Fertility and obstetrics in the horse
Vitrification in assisted reproduction : a user's manual
Effects of epilepsy and antiepileptic medication on reproductive function
A courtship after marriage : sexuality and love in Mexican transnational families
Altered secretion of LH does not explain seasonal effects on early pregnancy in gilts
Prospects for selecting A.I. bulls for fertility
Pregnancy : the inside guide : a complete guide to fertility, pregnancy and labour
Contraception in Namibia : usage, methods and the impact of education
One quarter of humanity : Malthusian mythology and Chinese realities, 1700-2000
Post-partum reproductive performance of zebu (Bos indicus) cows in the humid tropics
Nutraceuticals and functional foods in human health and disease prevention
Aging, reproduction, and the climacteric
Pathways to pregnancy and parturition
A guide to laboratory investigations
Emotions in midwifery and reproduction
Fertility as a breeding problem in artificially bred population of dairy cattle I : Registration and heritability of female fertility
The use of in vitro fertilization and sperm assay to evaluate field fertility of bulls
Getting pregnant faster : boost your fertility in just 3 months - naturally
Motherhood and infertility in Ireland : understanding the presence of absence
Fertility management in dairy cattle
Culture and reproduction : an anthropological critique of demographic transition theory
The aim of this study was to estimate the development of fertility and the impact of HIV on this development in North-Central Namibia from 1980 to 2004. The main sources of data consisted of parish registers for eight Evangelical Lutheran congregations, the 1992 and 2000 Namibia Demographic and Health Surveys and the 1991 and 2001 population censuses. Developments in fertility were studied using the total fertility rate (TFR), age-speci? c fertility rates (ASFR), and standardized fertility distributions. The results show that fertility declined from 5.0 in 1980-89 to 4.1 in 1990-99 and to 3.5 in 2000-04. Among women in the 25-29 age group and older, fertility declined, while fertility among adolescents increased. Both age at ? rst marriage and premarital fertility increased during the study period. During the 1990s, HIV infection explained 25-29% of the decline in total fertility. If mortality continues to increase as a result of the HIV epidemic while fertility continues to decline, both because of HIV infection and for other societal reasons, the implications for future population growth rates and the countrys demographic structure are pronounced. .
A simulation approach to the study of human fertility
Reproducing reproduction : kinship, power, and technological innovation
The problem of fertility : proceedings of the Conference on fertility, held under the auspices of the National Committee on maternal health
Reproduction in cattle
Determinants of fertility trends : theories re-examined
Epidemiological and familial risk factors of uterine leiomyoma development
The onset of fertility transition in Ghana
Education and postponement of maternity : economic analyses for industrialized countries
The malevolent eye : an essay on the evil eye, fertility and the concept of mana
Grand grand multiparity
The mother machine : reproductive technologies from artificial insemination to artificial wombs
Pohjoismaiset perinataalitilastot = Nordisk perinatalstatistik = Perinatal statistics in the Nordic countries
Factors effecting reproduction in the pig : seasonal effects and restricted feeding of the pregnant gilt and sow
Yearbook of population research in Finland. 38, 2002.. articles on demography in honor of professor Tapani Valkonen on his birthday
Applied animal reproduction
Pathways to pregnancy & parturition
Modeling female fertility using inflated count data models
The baby-making bible : simple steps to enhance your fertility and improve your chances of getting pregnant
Fire festival of India : a new search of South and North Indian fire rites, rituals and festivals with special reference to Tamilnadu & Bengal
Analysing population trends : differential fertility in a pluralistic society
Human fertility and reproduction : the oocyte, the embryo, and the uterus
Influence of inorganic Se + vitamin E and organic Se + vitamin E on reproductive performance of young boars
Association between protein feeding and reproductive efficiency in the dairy cow : specific emphasis on protein feeding in Finland
Television and Fertility
Childlessness Intentions and Ideals in Europe
Using the data from the 2008 Finnish Well-Being and Social Relationship Survey I examine how relationship quality is associated with childbearing. The respondents are 25-44-year-old married and cohabiting Finns with no or one children in 2008 and who were followed up with register data in 2011. The combined data (N=1402) gives an opportunity to examine the effect of relationship quality to actual births during the period 2008-2011. Different perceptions of current relationship, relationship satisfaction and frequency and reasons of arguing are included to analysis. The independent variables controlling for structural factors include number of children, age and education, both partners childbearing intention and duration of current relationship. Results indicate that childless men in medium and high quality relationships are most likely to have children. Men (who have a child) in medium quality relationships are most likely to have more children. Relationship quality can shape childless womens childbearing in two ways. Higher relationship quality can strengthen womens intention to have a child and so impact positively on childbearing. Also high relationship quality can result less births among childless women. Women with an earlier child in medium or high quality relationships are most likely to have more children. .
Education and fertility : a study on patterns and mechanisms among men and women in Finland
Yearbook of population research in Finland. XXXVIII, 2002 / in collaboration with the Finnish Demographic Society ; [written by Jouko Hulkko ... et al.] ; [editor in chief Ismo Söderling] ; [language revision and translation Maija Mäkinen]
Mind, body, baby : how to overcome stress & enhance your fertility with CBT, mindfulness & good nutrition
Regional patterns of fertility : a study of Botswanan women in late 1980s
Beyond the Natural Body presents an episode in the history of life sciences that is essential to our current understanding of sex and the body, and the relations between gender and science. Since the early decades of this century, the notion of the hormonally-constructed body has become the dominant mode of conceptualising bodies, particularly female bodies, to such an extent that we now assume that it is a natural phenomenon. This book challenges the idea that there is such a thing as a natural' body and demonstrates that it is the process by which scientific claims achieve universal status that constructs such discourses as natural facts. Beyond the Natural Body tells the fascinating story of scientists' search for the many tons of ovaries, testes and urine that were required in experiments to develop the hormonal body concept. It traces the origins of sex hormones and follows their development through mass-production as drugs to their eventual transformation into the contraceptive pill. Nelly Oudshoorn argues that the power to control sex and the body is not restricted to the domain of texts and ideologies. In addition, she discusses the chasm that exists between the scientific cross-cultural differences among women, putting the case for localised and user-specific applications of science and technology.
Human fertility in Russia since the nineteenth century
Earth rites : fertility practices in pre-industrial Britain
Feeding strategies to improve fertility in gilts
Matters of life and longing : female sterilisation in Northeast Brazil
Fertility : a practical guide for fertility management
Endocrine disrupting chemicals
Fish physiology. 9, Reproduction : part B : behavior and fertility control
Fertility rate decline in Japan from the perspective of gender inequality and social problems of modern Japanese family
Balkan family structure and the European pattern : demographic developments in Ottoman Bulgaria
Studies on preservation, capacitation and fertility of dog spermatozoa
Economic con[s]equences of different times of conception : a simulation study
The eternal flame
Porcine field fertility with two different insemination doses and the effect of sperm morphology
Male fertility in the least killifish, Heterandria formosa : gonopodia size does matter
This paper considers the effect of income on the risk of having the first births in Sweden from 1968 to 2009. Variations by gender are given particular atention. The study follows men and women from the moment they turn 18 until they enter parenthood and it is based on register-based data covering the entire population of Sweden. Complementary log-log models show that there is a positive association between income and the risk of childbearing. The association gets stronger over time and the differences between men and women diminish. Gender differences appear when the income effect is related to the demand for work in the economy. An income above the median does not increase the risk of childbearing for women when the demand for work is relatively high.
Using data from Eurobarometer Surveys 2001-2011 we examine trends and correlates of childlessness intentions and ideals across Europe over the past decade. We distinguish childlessness as a personal preference (personal ideal number of children is zero) from intended childlessness (intention to have no children) as these reflect somewhat different dimensions of childlessness as a conscious decision. We find that, on average, childlessness as a personal preference is relatively rare in Europe, although in some western European countries a sizeable proportion of young adults express a desire to have no children. Intentional childlessness is slightly more common than ideal childlessness is, since about 11% of currently childless young adults aged 18 to 40 years in Europe intend to have no children. We analyse factors related to childlessness intentions and ideals on the individual and country levels. A weaker individual socioeconomic position influences the intention to remain childless through various channels, such as unemployment or low socioeconomic status. Associations between individual's social position and ideal childlessness are less clear. Results also indicate that macro-economic conditions do not have a direct impact on intentional childlessness, whereas a higher prevalence of traditional family values in a country is related to a lower likelihood of individuals considering childlessness to be their ideal family form.
The Tree of Life : image for the cosmos
Health, healing and kinship in Africa : women's infertility at the crossroads of modernity and tradition
The natural health bible for women : the complete guide for women of all ages
Semen quality and fertility after artificial insemination in dairy cattle and pigs
On the measurement of human fertility : selected writings of Louis Henry
We present an update of the main and parity-specific trends in vital family-demographic behavior in Sweden presented in Finnish Yearbook of Population Research 2011. Based on Swedish register data, previous time series of relative risks of childbearing, marriage, and divorce by calendar year are updated with another five years of observation. We demonstrate that more than a decade of increasing fertility levels turned into moderate fertility declines in 2011. This trend reversal pertains to all main birth orders. Marriage propensities continued to increase for mothers but stagnated for the childless. Since the turn of the century, trends in divorce risks seem to have leveled off, altogether reflecting a more prevalent role of marriage in recent Swedish family dynamics.
Much research has been conducted in the field of utilising the media - television and radio in particular - to promote particular public health messages. However, a burgeoning canon has examined how mass media can play a role in affecting change in fertility preferences and outcomes. In this paper we review these researches which have primarily focussed upon higher fertility settings. The impact of mass media presentation of families and children in low fertility settings has not yet been subject to rigorous sociological investigation so its impact can not be accurately inferred. However, given the pervasive nature of mass media and celebrity culture, we suggest that this is an important avenue for future research. We conclude that television plays a multi-faceted role in shaping individuals decision-making procedures concerning both demographic events and public health interactions. To illustrate this, we present a model which demonstrates a sliding scale of intent - but not impact - of various genres in order to understand the actual role of the media in shaping attitudes towards family size - either explicitly in terms of edutainment or implicitly as a forms of normalization. .
The IVF diet : the plan to support IVF treatment and help couples conceive
Fertility decline in North-Central Namibia : an assesstment of fertility in the period 1960-2000 based on parish registers
Fertility rates and population decline : no time for children?
Yellow-flowered lucerne : properties and influence on performance and reproduction of ewes
The complete guide to IVF : an insider's guide to fertility clinics and treatments
The Road to Parenthood: Income and First Births in Sweden
Yearbook of population research in Finland. 40, 2004
Weaving the threads of life : the Khita gyn-eco-locical healing cult among the Yaka
The endometrium of the gynaecologically healthy mare during oestrus : a clinical, morphological, chemical and immunological study
Infertility : the essential guide
ivf an emotional companion
In the present paper we investigate how fatherhood influences childbirth in the second union of men in three European countries. We use data from the first wave of the Generations and Gender Survey for France (2005), Norway (2007/8) and Hungary (2004/5) and we apply piecewise exponential event history models. The analysis complements earlier literature by focusing on men, taking a comparative perspective, looking at change over time, considering both cohabiting and marital unions, and also differentiating between the effects of non-residential and (part- or full-time) residential fatherhood.    Findings show that the probability of childbearing in the second union is the lowest if both partners already have child(ren) and highest if neither of them are parents. However we found different results if only one of the partners has pre-union children in the three countries. Findings are discussed in view of demographic trends, family and gender role attitudes, and relevant family policies.
Practical gynaecological ultrasound
Uterine leiomyomas are the most common benign tumours in females. They are myometrial neoplasms, may present single or multiple, and may be located in various sites of the uterus. Leiomyomas distort the uterine cavity and the uterus itself, causing abnormal vaginal bleeding, reduced fertility and also pelvic pressure and pain symptoms. The aim of this study was to elaborate current knowledge on familial uterine leiomyomas and to explore the possible association between uterine leiomyoma and cardiovascular disease risk factors, and also the association between leiomyomas and endometriosis.The natural history of familial uterine leiomyoma study showed significant differences between familial and non-familial leiomyoma cases, familial cases having more severe clinical characteristics. They presented with multiple uterine leiomyomas and were more often symptomatic. They were also diagnosed at a younger age.The prevalence study on uterine leiomyomas and endometriosis offered confirmation of an association between the diseases. Uterine leiomyomas and endometriosis seem to decrease female fertility independently of each other.Uterine leiomyomas related to the hereditary leiomyomatosis and renal cell cancer (HLRCC) tumour syndrome were studied in regard to their clinical characteristics and immunophenotype. The study provided evidence that women with HLRCC may be identified through distinct leiomyoma clinical characteristics, and routine-use IHC of CD34 and Bcl-2. Distinguishing these leiomyoma cases from sporadic ones may identify families affected by fumarate hydratase (fumarase, FH) mutation.Uterine leiomyoma and cardiovascular disease risk factors were studied in The Northern Finland Birth Cohort 1966 (NFBC1966). The study showed an association between leiomyomas and raised cardiovascular disease risk factors, serum lipids and metabolic syndrome in particular. These findings may suggest that there are shared predisposing factors underlying both uterine leiomyomas and adverse metabolic and cardiac disease risks, or that metabolic factors have a role in biological mechanisms underlying leiomyoma development.This study provides novel information on clinical characteristics of familial uterine leiomyomas and on the immunophenotype of HLRCC-related leiomyomas. The study also offers significant confirmation of associations between uterine leiomyomas and both endometriosis and several CVD risk factors.
Reproductive health and fertility in St. Petersburg : report on a survey of 18-44 old women in 2004
Reproductive and developmental behaviour in sheep
Family planning programmes and fertility
Investigation of a simplified artificial lighting programme to improve the fertility of sows in commercial piggeries
As couples marry and society evolves, a new generation of families is answering important questions pondered by professionals and couples alike. When should we have children? How many children should we have? What if we can't conceive? When is adoption an option? Can we--should we--fulfill what is expected of us? A comprehensive, multidisciplinary handbook boasting findings across traditional areas of study, Transition to Parenthood brings the contemporary family into clear, useful focus. Its expert coverage tracks current trends in family structures, roles, and dynamics, and explores the impact of individual members and the environment on the family unit. A variety of perspectives (e.g., ecological, life course, TPEX) are presented to best apply to clinical understanding, and the book considers topics as varied as the social class factor in women's fertility, patterns of relationship maintenance, and teaching children about money. And contrary to some schools of thought, the authors argue that macro and micro theories of families must be considered in combination for optimal results. Included in the coverage: A history of fertility in America. The family: diversity and demographics. Childlessness, voluntary and involuntary. The cost of raising a child. Maintaining your relationship across and after the transition to parenthood. Parenting programs and program evaluations. Navigating the transition to parenthood with a child with special needs. Fresh in approach and accessibly written, Transition to Parenthood will be a core reference for a variety of professionals, including family sociologists, family therapists, developmental psychologists, social workers, and counselors.
Transition to parenthood
A new method of increasing livestock productivity : (castration with hormonal integrity)
Beyond the natural body : an archeology of sex hormones
Fertility of frozen-thawed stallion semen cannot be predicted by the currently used laboratory methods
Ethnography of fertility and birth
Trends in Childbearing, Marriage and Divorce in Sweden: An Update with Data up to 2012.
Vulval discharge and fertility in sows and gilts : a pilot study
The Impact of Relationship Quality on Childbearing in Finland
Lameness and fertility in sows and gilts - a pilot
Men's Fertility in Second Unions in Three European Countries: The Effect of Parenthood Status
Diagnosis of impaired fertility in male dogs
Dairy cows: nutrition, fertility and milk production
Demography of the Dobe !Kung
The role of FYCO1 and RUVBL proteins in male germ cells
Genetic studies on male fertility in A. I. bulls
Contingent lives : fertility, time, and aging in West Africa
Reproduction in dogs, cats and exotic carnivores : proceedings of the Third International Symposium on Canine and Feline Reproduction, Veldhoven, The Netherlands, hosted by the University of Utrecht, September 1996
Reproductive performance of gilts and sows in Norway
Dairy cattle fertility & sterility
Mayes' midwifery : a textbook for midwives
Fertility as a breeding problem in artifically bred populations of dairy cattle. 1, Registration and heritability of female fertility
Women's power and social revolution : fertility transition in the West Indies
The fertilization value of human excreta for cabbage and potato growth
Yearbook of population research in Finland. 39, 2003
Dynamics of values in fertility change
Stress and health : new research
Sex, death and witchcraft : a contemporary pagan festival
Genetics of sow efficiency in the Finnish landrace and large white populations
Endocrine and reproductive systems
Recovery rate and quality of embryos from mares inseminated at the first post-partum oestrus
PCOS and your fertility : your guide to self-care, emotional wellbeing and medical support
The Goddess
Genetic aspects of fertility and longevity in dairy cattle
Reproduction and fecundity of the Irish pollan (Coregonus autumnalis Pallas, 1776), a threatened lake coregonid
Emma Cannon's total fertility : [how to understand, optimize and preserve your fertility]
The French obsession with population has roots in the old regime, when the French state used its power to convince French men and women to marry and procreate large families. Drawing on archival research, Tuttle explores the interactions of men, women, and officials all vying for control of the reproductive process.
Population and society
The childbearing decision : fertility attitudes and behavior
Women's education & fertility behaviour : recent evidence from the demographic and health surveys
Having children after cancer : how to make informed choices before and after treatment and build the family of your dreams
Women's reproductive rights
New demographic faces of Europe : the changing population dynamics in countries of Central and Eastern Europe
Phallic worship : a history of sex and sex rites in relation to the religions of all races from antiquity to the present day
Fertility and welfare-categories in Finland : a need-theory approach to the size of family
Finnish yearbook of population research 2007-2008.. 43
Conceiving the old regime : pronatalism and the politics of reproduction in early modern France
Effect of insemination with doses of 2 or 15 million frozen-thawed spermatozoa and semen deposition site on pregnancy rate in dairy cows
Cryopreservation of boar semen : studies on sperm viability in vitro and fertility
The essential role of DICER in spermatogenesis and male fertility
A Balto-Finnic and Baltic fertility spirit
HIV and fertility decline in North-Central Namibia 1980-2004
Changing family size in England and Wales : place, class, and demography, 1891-1911
Seasonal and management effects on feritility of the sow
Does the gap in family-friendly policies drive the family gap?
The incidence of plant oestrogens in Finnish pasture and fodder plants with special reference to their possible effects in cases of sterility in ruminanats
Yearbook of population research in Finland XXXVIII : articles on demography in honor of professor Tapani Valkonen on his birthday
Fertility & conception
Demographic transition in Kerala in the 1980s
Demographic patterns in developed societies
Fertility theories, time, and the other : stuck between economic determinism and modernity?
Assessment of boar semen quality in relation to fertility with special reference to methanol stress
Chararcterization of novel genes predominantly expressed in the epididymis - from genome analyses to genetically modified mice
Fertility in the United States : new patterns, new theories
Post-breeding effects of feeding on reproduction in gilts and sows
Fertility parameters in male Irish wolfhounds : a two-year follow-up study
Fertility in the high producing dairy cow
Your pregnancy companion
Polyandry, multiple mating and sexual conflict in a water strider, Aquarius paludum
Determinants of fertility in advanced societies
Finnish yearbook of population research 43, 2007-2008
