http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p19599 viviparous lizard
viviparous lizard Lacerta vivipara
Thermoregulatory behavior and daily activity cycle of the viviparous lizard, Zootoca vivipara, in central Finland
Springtime emergence of the Viviparous Lizard, Lacerta vivipara, in Finland
Distribution of different chromosomal forms of Lacerta vivipara in the Baltic Sea basin
Contribution to the knowledge of karyotype dispersal of the Common lizard (Zootoca v. vivipara Jacq.) in eastern  Fennoscandia
Lizard ecology : historical and experimental perspectives
Water dragons, sailfin lizards, and basilisks
Ecology and management of relict populations of the Sand Lizard (Lacerta agilis) in South-Central Sweden
Karyotype dispersal of the common lizard Zootoca vivipara (Lichtenstein, 1823) in eastern and northeastern Fennoscandia
Flexibility in antipredatory behavior allows wall lizards to cope with multiple types of predators
Ornatocephalus metzleri gen. et spec. nov. (Lacertilia, Scincoida) : taxonomy and paleobiology of a basal Scincoid lizard from the Messel formation (Middle Eocene: basal Lutetian, Geiseltalium), Germany
Multiple predators and conflicting refuge use in the wall lizard, Podarcis muralis
The wide-ranging Eurasian common lizard Zootoca vivipara (Lichtenstein, 1823) is remarkably uniform morphologically but highly varied in its karyotype. Previous studies have revealed two distinctly different chromosomal forms of Z. v. vivipara in the Baltic basin. Moreover, a zone of secondary contact between these forms has been localized on the southern Baltic Sea seashore. Intraspecific karyotype diversity for Z. vivipara and new zones of secondary contact have recently been suggested for other parts of the Baltic Sea seashore. We studied the karyotype of Z. vivipara in central, western and northern parts of Finland. All the individuals karyotyped represented the Russian form of Z. v. vivipara that differs from the western form of the subspecies located at the southern and western Baltic Sea seashore. Together with previous data sets, our results suggest intraspecific karyotype diversity in the northern and northwestern parts of Fennoscandia. The results give support to the hypothesis of Z. vivipara's re-colonization of the Baltic Sea basin. Moreover, the results support the previous observations of Voipio (1961, 1968 and 1969) who has reported variability in the shield pattern of Z. vivipara in the same region.
