http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p19524 front (military)
front (military)
The Eastern Front, 1941-45 : German troops and the barbarisation of warfare
Wave me goodbye
Only war : core rulebook : roleplaying in the grim darkness of the 41st millennium
Home front : a novel
Battlefield archaeology
The care and management of lies
A farewell to arms : the special edition
Whisteling in the dark : a novel
The execution of Private Slovik
The sketchbook war : saving the nation's artists in World War II
Ballad of a soldier
War horse
The home front
Listening to war : sound, music, trauma, and survival in wartime Iraq
Colour of war. The British story
Wartime : Britain, 1939-1945
Don McCullin
The unreturning army : a field gunner in Flanders 1917-1918
Infantry company as a society
Absolute war : Soviet Russia in the Second World War
Every man in this village is a liar : an education in war
The German offensives of 1918
Kotirintaman naiset. kausi 2 / ceated by Roland Moore
Home front
A horse called Hero
Shaped by war
Living on the home front
n the summer of 1935, 13-year-old Briony Tallis wildly misinterprets the relationship between her sister Cecilia and Robbie Turner, childhood friends home from Cambridge. So when her young cousin is assaulted, Briony gives in to her hyperactive imagination and blames the atrocity on Robbie. It is a terrible decision that alters lives and fills Briony with an everlasting sense of guilt / WorldCat.
Poilu : the World War I notebooks of corporal Louis Barthas, barrelmaker, 1914-1918
Black edelweiss : a memoir of combat and conscience by a soldier of the Waffen-SS
Nightingales at war
Behind the lines : gender and the two World Wars
Five children on the Western Front
Letters from the dead : last letters from Soviet men and women who died fighting the nazis (1941-1945)
That Liverpool girl
Hundred days : the end of the Great War
SS steel storm : Waffen-SS panzer battles on the Eastern Front, 1943-1945
Great songs of world war II
Ivan's war : the red army 1939-1945
Lord John and the hand of devils
A dangerous age : a novel
Secrets of the singer girls
The Vietnam war left a gash in the heart of America that can still be felt today. The War Within is the definitive history of America's internal battle over that war, and it chronicles, as no other book has done, the full story of how a powerful grassroots force--the antiwar movement--changed the course of American history. Tom Wells spent over ten years painstakingly researching government and antiwar-movement documents and interviewing virtually every key player from the Vietnam era--from Dean Rusk, William Westmoreland, and John Ehrlichman to Dave Dellinger, Philip Berrigan, and Daniel Ellsberg. Wells moves from protests at the White House gates to antiwar meeting halls, recreating the activities of the student factions, religious organizations, political splinter groups, and other organizations that waged campaigns of mass protest, draft resistance, civil disobedience, and sometimes political violence. Here, too, are the behind-the-scenes planning sessions of Democratic and Republican administrations as they sought to discredit and subvert the antiwar movement's efforts. Wells demonstrates that Washington took the antiwar movement seriously at every stage of the war and that the movement was instrumental in the eventual withdrawal of U.S. forces from Southeast Asia. He also reveals how the movement's growing influence prompted the Watergate fiasco. And he graphically conveys the internecine conflicts that plagued the antiwar movement and its leaders. In these pages the human drama of the antiwar era unfolds through the words of its participants, both the famous and the forgotten. Wells not only captures the spirit of these tumultuous times but also shows how the events of twenty-five years ago shaped the America of today.
Life, death and growing up on the western front
The bomber dog
Rock the Kasbah
War Horse
Hitler's Furies : German women in the Nazi killing fields
Mrs Miles's diary : the wartime journal of a housewife on the home front
Dark tourism
Some empirical research results on Finnish soldiers' behavior, group cohesion and informal norms : three military sociological articles
Lights out Liverpool
A time to love and a time to die
The war
War land on the Eastern Front : culture, national identity and German occupation in World War I
King and country
The undertaking
The night watch
War without garlands : Operation Barbarossa, 1941/42
The front line
War photographs 1939-45
The Great War diaries : accompanies the astonishing BBC TV series
Hitler's furies : German women in the Nazi killing fields
A writer at war : Vasily Grossman with the red army 1941 - 1945
Inferno : the world at war 1939-1945
The third in a series of books featuring four young women whose lives will be forever changed by WWII. Rose Petrie is desperate to do something for the war effort. Despite the daily hardships and the nightly bombing raids, her sister, Daisy, and their friends all seem to be thriving in their war work. Rose is doing her best down at the munitions factory, but she is dealt a blow when her childhood sweetheart, Stan, tells her he doesn't feel the same way about her. Determined to get away and make a new start, Rosie decides to put her mechanical skills, learned from her father and brothers, to good use and signs up for the Women's Auxiliary Service, or ATS. But Rose discovers that delivering fruit and veg in her father's greengrocer's van is very different to driving trucks for the army in a country under seige.
The Writing Culture of Ordinary People in Europe, c. 1860-1920
Goodbye, Piccadilly : war at home, 1914
Fear and desire : special edition
Birdsong
Working for victory? : images of women in the first world war, 1914-18
Secrets of the sewing bee
Our girls : their work for the war
When war is declared, four plucky girls from Dartford - Grace, Sally, Rose and Daisy - are keen to do their bit on the Home Front. For orphan Grace, it's a chance to start afresh. She's always has a soft spot for Sam Petrie, brother of Daisy and Rose, but realising that he is in love with their friend Sally, she puts her own feelings aside, and signs up for life as a Land Girl. Mucking out and early morning milking come as a big shock and life is harder than she expected. But Grace is nothing if not determined and though their lives will never be the same again, the four girls know they will always have each other - no matter what the war throws at them.
"From a distance, Michael and Joleen Zarkades seem to have it all: a solid marriage, two exciting careers, and children they adore. But after twelve years together, the couple has lost their way; they are unhappy and edging toward divorce. Then the Iraq war starts. An unexpected deployment will tear their already fragile family apart, sending one of them deep into harm's way and leaving the other at home, waiting for news. When the worst happens, each must face their darkest fear and fight for the future of their family. An intimate look at the inner landscape of a disintegrating marriage and a dramatic exploration of the price of war on a single American family, HOME FRONT is a provocative and timely portrait of hope, honor, loss, forgiveness, and the elusive nature of love"--
A farewell to arms
The return of captain John Emmett
Sven Hassel : Wheels of terror
The war game
A very long engagement
What effect did the two world wars have on the relations between women and men? Drawing on broad comparative material-from government policy to popular media, poetry and fiction, and personal letters-this book examines the redefinition of gender that occurred in many Western countries during both world wars. "A major addition to the literature on gender relations and war."-Helena Lewis, Women's Review of Books "One of the first, and certainly the most exciting, treatments of war as an event of gender politics."-Choice "A substantial contribution to the social history of this century."-Anne Summers, Times Literary Supplement "These essays powerfully demonstrate how much the world wars provided battlegrounds not only for nations but for the sexes."-Michael S. Sherry, Annals of the American Academy of Political and Social Science "A work of lively, engaged scholarship.... This is an important contribution to current debates about war and human identity, war and political reality, war and transformative possibility."-Jean Bethke Elshtain « Vähemmän
Only war : final testament : roleplaying in the grim darkness of the 41st millennium
This is war! : Robert Capa at work
The war within : America's battle over Vietnam
The dawns here are quiet
Home front U.S.A. : America during World War II
After the bombing
On a wing and a prayer
Families, separation and emotional coping in war bridging letters between home and front, 1941-44
Humor, entertainment, and popular culture during World War I
Nightingales under the mistletoe
Crumbling empire : the German defeat in the East, 1944
