http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p19501 normed spaces
normed spaces
Functional analysis. Volume 1, a gentle introduction
Orcliz-Sobolev spaces on metric measure spaces
Uniform domains of higher order
Schur parameters, factorization and dilation problems
An introduction to abstract analysis
"Covers metric, topological, normed, and Hilbert spaces; bounded linear operators; Hamel, Schauder, and Hilbert bases. Theorems include Banach fixed point, Baire's category, Banach-Steinhaus, open mapping, Weierstrass approximation, Stone-Weierstrass, Baire-Osgood, Muntz. Appendix gives background on set theory and linear algebra. Index and appoximately 120 pages of solutions to odd-numbered exercises"--Provided by publisher.
Dyadic systems in doubling metric spaces and applications to positive integral operators
The common good
Peremptory norms (jus cogens) in international law : historical development, criteria, present status
Invariant subspaces of the shift operator : CRM Workshop, Invariant Subspaces of the Shift Operator, August 26-30, 2013, Centre de Recherches Mathématiques, Université de Montréal, Montréal : Centre de Recherches Mathématiques proceedings
Weakly summable measures in Banach spaces
Diversity in secondary rules and the unity of international law
The main theme of this volume is the invariant subspaces of the shift operator (or its adjoint) on certain function spaces, in particular, the Hardy space, Dirichlet space, and de Branges-Rovnyak spaces. These spaces, and the action of the shift operator on them, have turned out to be a precious tool in various questions in analysis such as function theory (Bieberbach conjecture, rigid functions, Schwarz-Pick inequalities), operator theory (invariant subspace problem, composition operator), and systems and control theory. Of particular interest is the Dirichlet space, which is one of the classical Hilbert spaces of holomorphic functions on the unit disk. From many points of view, the Dirichlet space is an interesting and challenging example of a function space. Though much is known about it, several important open problems remain, most notably the characterization of its zero sets and of its shift-invariant subspaces.
