http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p19574 Talmud
Talmud
Hebrew-English edition of the Babylonian Talmud. Seder Nezikin
Encounters by the rivers of Babylon : scholarly conversations between Jews, Iranians, and Babylonians in antiquity
The essential Talmud
Some seventy years have passed since Prof. Saul Lieberman first published his seminal Greek in Jewish Palestine (1942), and over a hundred years since the appearance of Samuel Krauss' great "Lehnwörter", a dictionary- concordance of Greek and Latin loanwords in rabbinic literature (1899). In the ensuing period a wealth of papyrological and epigraphic material has been discovered, greatly enriching our knowledge of Koine Greek. Furthermore, many classic rabbinic texts are now available in critical editions, and newly discovered tracts have been published revealing additional lexical items, thus broadening the boundaries of our knowledge of rabbinic parlance. This study seeks to continue in the paths laid out by the earlier pioneers, adding lexical entries to Krauss' work, analyzing morphological changes in the process of loaning from one language to another, examining dialectical characteristics, patterns of corruption, and thus explaining many hitherto misunderstood passages in rabbinic literature. In addition, the study points to differing degrees of rabbinic bilingualism, noting greater and lesser concentrations of foreign words in different geographic areas, socio-economic strata and realms of social activity.
The open past : subjectivity and remembering in the Talmud
Durkheim and the Jews of France
The Talmud of Babylonia : an American translation. 2 D, Shabbat : Chapters 11-17
Hebrew-English edition of the Babylonian Talmud. Bekoroth
The Talmud = Talmûd bavlî : the Steinsaltz edition. Vol. 13, part 1, Tractate Ta'anit
The Talmud of Babylonia : an American translation. 36 B, Tractate Niddah : Chapters 4-10
Rereading the Mishnah : a new approach to ancient Jewish texts
Hebrew-English edition of the Babylonian Talmud. Temurah
The Talmud of Babylonia : an American translation. 22 D, Tractate Baba Batra : Chapters seven and eight
Greek in Talmudic Palestine
Studies in Talmudic logic and methodology
The Talmud of Babylonia : an American translation. 20 100, Tractate Baba Qamma : Chapters 8-10
The Talmud of Babylonia : an American translation. 19 A, Qiddushin : Chapter 1
The Talmud of Babylonia : an American translation. 13 B, Tractate Yebamot : Chapters 4-6
Hebrew-English edition of the Babylonian Talmud. Seder Mo'ed. 'Erubin
The Talmud of Babylonia : an American translation. 20 B, Tractate Baba Qamma : Chapters 4-7
The Talmud of the land of Israel : a preliminary translation and explanation. Vol. 6, Terumot
Hebrew-English edition of the Babylonian Talmud. Seder Nashim. Nedarim
The Talmud of Babylonia : an American translation. 2 E, Shabbat : Chapters 18-24
The three blessings : boundaries, censorship, and identity in Jewish liturgy
How to study the Bavli : the languages, literatures, and lessons of the Talmud of Babylonia
The Talmud of the land of Israel : a preliminary translation and explanation. Vol. 12, Erubin
Jewish Babylonia between Persia and Roman Palestine
Deviancy in early rabbinic literature : a collection of socio-anthropological essays
The Talmud of the land of Israel : a preliminary translation and explanation. Vol. 32, Shebuot
The Talmud of Babylonia : an American translation. 5 100, Yoma : Chapters six through eight
The Talmud of Babylonia : an American translation. 21 B, Tractate Bava Mesia : Chapters 3-4
The Talmud of the land of Israel : a preliminary translation and explanation. Vol. 25, Gittin
The Talmud of Babylonia : an American translation. 20 A, Tractate Baba Qamma : Chapters 1-3
The Talmud of Babylonia : an American translation. 13 100, Tractate Yebamot : Chapters 7-9
Rabbinic narrative : a documentary perspective : volume four, the precedent and the parable in diachronic view. Vol. 4, The precedent and the parable in diachronic view
The Talmud of the land of Israel : a preliminary translation and explanation. Vol. 22, Ketubot
The last good man
The Talmud of Babylonia : an American translation. 25 A, Tractate Abodah Zarah, Chapters 1-2
Hebrew-English edition of the Babylonian Talmud. Seder Kodashim. Hullin
Hebrew-English edition of the Babylonian Talmud. Sanhedrin
The Talmud of Babylonia : an American translation. 14 B, Tractate Ketubot : Chapters 4-7
Surpassing wonder : the invention of the Bible and the Talmuds
The Talmud of Babylonia : an American translation. 2 B, Shabbat : Chapters 3-6
The Talmud in its Iranian context
The Talmud of Babylonia : an American translation. 17, Tractate Sotah
The Talmud of Babylonia : an American translation. 2 100, Shabbat : Chapters 7-10
The Talmud of Babylonia : an American translation. 1, Tractate Berakhot
The Talmud of the land of Israel : a preliminary translation and explanation. Vol. 1, Berakhot
The world of the Talmud
The Talmud of the land of Israel : a preliminary translation and explanation. Vol. 29, Baba Mesia
The Talmud of Babylonia : an American translation. 22 E, Tractate Baba Batra : Chapters nine and ten
The Talmud of Babylonia : an American translation. 29 B, Tractate Menahot : Chapters 4-7
The Talmud of Babylonia : an American translation. 5 B, Yoma : Chapters three through five
The Talmud of the land of Israel : a preliminary translation and explanation. Vol. 26, Qiddushin
The Talmud of Babylonia : an American translation. 19 B, Qiddushin : Chapters 2-4
The Talmud of Babylonia : an American translation. 29 100, Tractate Menahot : Chapters 8-13
Introduction to the Talmud and Midrash
The Talmud of Babylonia : an American translation. 30 A, 30 100, Tractate Hullin : Chapters 1-2, 7-12
Torah in the Messianic age and/or the age to come
Rabbinic narrative : a documentary perspective : volume three: forms, types and distribution of narratives in Song of Songs Rabbah and Lamentations Rabbah and a reprise of Fathers according to Rabbi Nathan Text A. Vol. 3, Forms, types and distribution of narratives in Song of Songs Rabbah and Lamentations Rabbah and a reprise of Fathers according to Rabbi Nathan Text A
The Talmud of the land of Israel : a preliminary translation and explanation. Vol. 30, Baba Batra
Samuel's commentary on the Mishnah : its nature, forms, and content. P. 1, Mishnayot in the order of Zera'im
The Talmud of the land of Israel : a preliminary translation and explanation. Vol. 27, Sotah
The Talmud of Babylonia : an American translation. 22 B, Tractate Baba Batra : Chapter 3
The Talmud of Babylonia : an American translation. 9, Tractate Rosh Hashanah
The Talmud of Babylonia : an American translation. 18 A, Gittin : Chapters 1-3
The Talmud of Babylonia : an American translation. 11, Tractate Moed Qatan
In the margins of the Yerushalmi : glosses on the English translation
A fortiori logic : innovations, history and assessments
The Talmud of the land of Israel : a preliminary translation and explanation. Vol. 28, Baba Qamma
An elegant composition concerning relief after adversity
The Talmud of Babylonia : an American translation. 14 A, Tractate Ketubot : Chapters 1-3
The Talmud of Babylonia : an American translation. 31 B, Tractate Bekhorot : Chapters 5-9
The Talmud of Babylonia : an American translation. 3 100, Erubin : Chapters 5 and 6
The Talmud of the land of Israel : a preliminary translation and explanation. Vol. 18, Besah and Taanit
The Talmud of Babylonia : an American translation. 3 A, Erubin : Chapters 1 and 2
The Talmud of Babylonia : an American translation. 21 A, Tractate Bava Mesia : Chapters 1-2
The Talmud of the land of Israel : a preliminary translation and explanation. Vol. 13, Yerushalmi Pesahim
The Talmud of Babylonia : an American translation. 21 100, Tractate Bava Mesia : Chapters 5-6
Maimonides' Introduction to the Talmud : a translation of the Rambam's introduction to his Commentary on the Mishna
Pirke Aboth : The ethics of the Talmud, sayings of the fathers
Early Christian Monastic Literature and the Babylonian Talmud
Hebrew-English edition of the Babylonian Talmud. Pe'ah, Demai, Kil'ayim
The Talmud of Babylonia : an American translation. 28 A, Tractate Zebahim : Chapters 1-3
This book examines literary analogies in Christian and Jewish sources, culminating in an in-depth analysis of striking parallels and connections between Christian monastic texts (the Apophthegmata Patrum or 'The Sayings of the Desert Fathers') and Babylonian Talmudic traditions. The importance of the monastic movement in the Persian Empire, during the time of the composition and redaction of the Babylonian Talmud, fostered a literary connection between the two religious populations. The shared literary elements in the literatures of these two elite religious communities sheds new light on the surprisingly inclusive nature of the Talmudic corpora and on the non-polemical nature of elite Jewish-Christian literary relations in late antique Persia.
Rabbinic narrative : a documentary perspective : volume one: forms, types and distribution of narratives in the Mishnah, Tractate Abot and the Tosefta. Vol. 1, Forms, types and distribution of narratives in the mishnah, Tractate Abot and the Tosefta
The Talmud of Babylonia : an American translation. 21 D, Tractate Bava Mesia : Chapters 7-10
The Talmud of Babylonia : an American translation. 2 A, Shabbat : Chapters 1-2
The Talmud of Babylonia : an American translation. 23 100, Tractate Sanhedrin : Chapters 9-11
The Talmud of the land of Israel : a preliminary translation and explanation. Vol. 24, Nazir
The Talmud of the land of Israel : a preliminary translation and explanation. Vol. 7, Maaserot
The Talmud of Babylonia : an American translation. 14 100, Tractate Ketubot : Chapters 8-13
The Talmud of Babylonia : an American translation. 5 A, Yoma : Chapters 1 and 2
According to historical teaching, a Jewish man should give thanks each day for ''not having been made a gentile, a woman, nor a slave.'' Yoel Kahn's innovative study of a controversial Jewish liturgical passage traces the history of this prayer from its extra-Jewish origins across two thousand years of history, demonstrating how different generations and communities understood the significance of these words in light of their own circumstances. Marking the boundary between ''us'' and ''them,'' marginalized and persecuted groups affirmed their own identity and sense of purpose. After the medieval Church seized and burned books it considered offensive, new, coded formulations emerged as forms of spiritual resistance. Owners voluntarily carefully expurgated their books to save them from being destroyed, creating new language and meanings while seeking to preserve the structure and message of the received tradition. Renaissance Jewish women ignored rabbis' objections and assertively declared their gratitude at being ''made a woman and not a man.'' Illustrations from medieval and renaissance Hebrew manuscripts demonstrate creative literary responses to censorship and show that official texts and interpretations do not fully represent the historical record. As Jewish emancipation began in the 19th century, modernizing Jews again had to balance fealty to historical practice with their own and others' understanding of their place in the world. Seeking to be recognized as modern and European, early modern Jews rewrote the liturgy to fit modern sensibilities and identified themselves with the Christian West against the historical pagan and the uncivilized infidel. In recent decades, a reassertion of ethnic and cultural identity has again raised questions of how the Jewish religious community should define itself. Through the lens of a liturgical text in continuous use for over two thousand years, Kahn offers new insights into an evolving religious identity and recurring questions of how to honor both historical teaching and contemporary sensibility.
Rabbinic narrative : a documentary perspective : volume two: forms, types and distribution of narratives in Sifra, Sifrě to Numbers, and Sifrě to Deuteronomy. Vol. 2, Forms, types and distribution of narratives in Sifra, Sifrě to Numbers, and Sifrě to Deuteronomy
Nine Talmudic readings
The making of a sage : a study in rabbinic ethics
The Talmud of Babylonia : an American translation. 26, Tractate Horayot
The Talmud of Babylonia : an American translation. 27 A, Tractate Shebuot : Chapters 1-3
The Talmud of Babylonia : an American translation. 13 A, Tractate Yebamot : Chapters 1-3
The Talmud of the land of Israel : a preliminary translation and explanation. Vol. 19, Megillah
The Talmud of Babylonia : an American translation. 32, Tractate Arakhin
The components of the Rabbinic documents : from the whole to the parts. 12, Sifré to Numbers. Part 3, Pisqaot one hundred twenty-three through one hundred sixty-one
The Talmud of Babylonia : an American translation. 4 B, Pesahim : Chapters 2 and 3
Printing the Talmud : a history of the individual treatises printed from 1700 to 1750
The Talmud of Babylonia : an American translation. 4 E, Pesahim : Chapters 9 and 10
The Talmud of the land of Israel : a preliminary translation and explanation. Vol. 35, Introduction: Taxonomy
Plato and the Talmud
The Talmud of Babylonia : an American translation. 4 A, Pesahim : Chapter 1
The Talmud of Babylonia : an American translation. 6, Tractate Sukkah
Judaic logic : a formal analysis of biblical, talmudic and rabbinic logic
The Talmud of Babylonia : an American translation. 13 D, Tractate Yebamot : Chapters 10-16
The Talmud of Babylonia : an American translation. 12, Hagigah
The Talmud of the land of Israel : a preliminary translation and explanation. Vol. 9, Hallah
The Talmudic argument : a study in Talmudic reasoning and methodology
The Talmud of the land of Israel : a preliminary translation and explanation. Vol. 23, Nedarim
[Hebrew-English edition of] the Babylonian Talmud. Index volume : containing a new "key" to the Soncino Hebrew-English Talmud
The Talmud of the land of Israel : a preliminary translation and explanation. Vol. 3, Demai
The Talmud of Babylonia : an American translation. 15 B, Tractate Nedarim : Chapters 5-11
In the time of the nations
Rabbinic thought in the Talmud
The Talmud of the land of Israel : a preliminary translation and explanation. Vol. 33, Abodah Zarah
The Talmud of Babylonia : an American translation. 3 D, Erubin : Chapters 7 and 10
The Talmud of the land of Israel : a preliminary translation and explanation. Vol. 8, Maaser Sheni
The reader's guide to the Talmud
Tradition and the formation of the Talmud
Hebrew-English edition of the Babylonian Talmud. Abodah Zarah
The Talmud of Babylonia : an American translation. 4 D, Pesahim : Chapters 7 and 8
Hebrew-English edition of the Babylonian Talmud. Niddah
The Talmud of the land of Israel : a preliminary translation and explanation. Vol. 15, Sheqalim
The Talmud of Babylonia : an American translation. 25 B, Tractate Abodah Zarah, Chapters 3-5
The Talmud of the land of Israel : a preliminary translation and explanation. Vol. 10, Orlah and Bikkurim
The Talmud of Babylonia : an American translation. 23 A, Tractate Sanhedrin : Chapters 1-3
Hebrew-English edition of the Babylonian Talmud. Menahoth
The Talmud of Babylonia : an American translation. 36 A, Tractate Niddah : Chapters 1-3
The Talmud of Babylonia : an American translation. 29 A, Tractate Menahot : Chapters 1-3
Hebrew-English edition of the Babylonian Talmud. Kelim
The Talmud of Babylonia : an American translation. 30 B, Tractate Hullin : Chapters 3-6
The Talmud of Babylonia : an American translation. 28 100, Tractate Zebahim : Chapters 9-14
Hebrew-English edition of the Babylonian Talmud. Seder Mo'ed. Sukkah ; Mo'ed Katan
The Talmud of Babylonia : an American translation. 7, Tractate Besah
Understanding the Talmud : a dialogic approach
The formation of the Babylonian Talmud
New talmudic readings
Hebrew-English edition of the Babylonian Talmud. 1, Shabbath
The Talmud of Babylonia : an American translation. 27 B, Tractate Shebuot : Chapters 4-8
The Talmud of Babylonia : an American translation. 4 100, Pesahim : Chapters 4-6
Tanakh : JPS Hebrew-English Tanakh : the traditional Hebrew text and the new JPS translation
The Talmud of Babylonia : an American translation. 33, Temurah
The Talmud : a close encounter
The Talmud : selections from the contents of that ancient book, its commentaries, teachings, poetry, and legends : also, brief sketches of the men who made and commented upon it
The Talmud of the land of Israel : a preliminary translation and explanation. Vol. 11, Shabbat
The formation of the Babylonian Talmud : studies in the achievements of late nineteenth and twentieth century historical and literary-critical research
Hebrew-English edition of the Babylonian Talmud. 2, Shabbath
Early Jewish liturgy : a sourcebook for use by students of early Christian liturgy
Hebrew-English edition of the Babylonian Talmud. Seder Mo'ed. Ros Ha-Shanah ; Bezah ; Shekalim
The Talmud of Babylonia : an American translation. 18 B, Gittin : Chapters 4-5
The Talmud of the land of Israel : a preliminary translation and explanation. Vol. 2, Peah
The Talmud of Babylonia : an American translation. 18 100, Gittin : Chapters 6-9
The Talmud of Babylonia : an American translation. 24, Tractate Makkot
The Talmud of Babylonia : an American translation. 34, Tractate Keritot
Hebrew-English edition of the Babylonian Talmud. Seder Nashim. Nazir ; Sotah
The Talmud of the land of Israel : a preliminary translation and explanation. Vol. 34, Horayot and Niddah
The Talmud of Babylonia : an American translation. 15 A, Tractate Nedarim : Chapters 1-4
The Talmud of the land of Israel : a preliminary translation and explanation. Vol. 5, Shebiit
This volume presents a group of articles that deal with connections between ancient Babylonian, Iranian and Jewish communities in Mesopotamia under Neo-Babylonian, Achaemenid, and Sasanian rule. The studies, written by leading scholars in the fields of Assyriology, Iranian studies and Jewish studies, examine various modes of cultural connections between these societies, such as historical, social, legal, and exegetical intersections. The various Mesopotamian connections, often neglected in the study of ancient Judaism, are the focus of this truly interdisciplinary collection. Contributors:Jonathan Ben-Dov, Yaakov Elman, Irving Finkel, James Nathan Ford, Eckart Frahm, Uri Gabbay, Yishai Kiel, Reuven Kiperwasser, Maria Macuch, Shai Secunda, Dan D. Y. Shapira, Prods Oktor Skjærvø, Caroline Waerzeggers, Nathan Wasserman, Abraham Winitzer, Ran Zadok
The Talmud of Babylonia : an American translation. 22 A, Tractate Baba Batra : Chapters 1-2
The Talmud of Babylonia : an American translation. 35, Meilah and Tamid
The Talmud of Babylonia : an American translation. 22 100, Tractate Baba Batra : Chapters 4-6
Hebrew-English edition of the Babylonian Talmud. Zebahim
The Talmud of Babylonia : an American translation. 23 B, Tractate Sanhedrin : Chapters 4-8
The Talmud of Babylonia : an American translation. 3 B, Erubin : Chapters 3 and 4
Mishnah and Tosefta studies
The Talmud of Babylonia : an American translation. 31 A, Tractate Bekhorot : Chapters 1-3
This innovative study sees the relationship between Athens and Jerusalem through the lens of the Platonic dialogues and the Talmud. Howland argues that these texts are animated by comparable conceptions of the proper roles of inquiry and reasoned debate in religious life, and by a profound awareness of the limits of our understanding of things divine. Insightful readings of Plato's Apology, Euthyphro and chapter three of tractate Ta'anit explore the relationship of prophets and philosophers, fathers and sons, and gods and men (among other themes), bringing to light the tension between rational inquiry and faith that is essential to the speeches and deeds of both Socrates and the Talmudic sages. In reflecting on the pedagogy of these texts, Howland shows in detail how Talmudic aggadah and Platonic drama and narrative speak to different sorts of readers in seeking mimetically to convey the living ethos of rabbinic Judaism and Socratic philosophising.
