http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p19570 tree breeding
tree breeding forest tree improvement forest tree breeding
Germinability of Norway spruce and scots pine pollen exposed to open air
Effect of parent genotype on somatic embryogenesis in Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris)
Heritability studies in open-pollinated Pinus sylvestris populations in Estonia
Parameters, relationship and selections in pines
Genetics of wood production
Long-term tree breeding strategy in Finland, with special emphasis on broadleaved species
Species and provenance experiments : some recommendation for Tree Seed Centre
Clonal selection and deployment in seed orchards considering both seed production and breeding value
Future biorefinery programme report 2009-2011
Growing plantation forests
Biosafety of forest transgenic trees : improving the scientific basis for sale tree development and implementation of EU policy directives
Tetraploid production through zygotic chromosome doubling in Populus
The use of network-based business models has been brought up as a means of creating com-petitive edge in the tightening global competition. In practice, adopting network-based models has not yet become common in the wood products industry. The objective of this study is to gain better understanding of types of network-based business models using a case study of two small and medium-sized wood industry companies in Finland (for a sake of anonymity named as A and B). The network of company A is found to consist of mostly of established actors with a new-in-the-market value creation system, whereas network for company B is more stable and has an established value system aiming at growth and incremental innovations. Both networks had experienced difficulties in finding partners and lacked some strategic resources. Via this example we wish to stimulate further research interest on the sources of network-based competitive advantage in the traditional wood product industry in a need of renewal of business models..
Breeding of aspen and poplars in Finland
Strategic business networks in the Finnish wood products industry: a case of two small and medium-sized enterprises
Overview of willow (Salix spp. L.) breeding in Finland
Suomen metsänjalostuksen yleistilastoa 2000 = General statistics on forest tree breeding in Finland 2000
Tree improvement of multipurpose species
Breeding tropical trees : population structure and genetic improvement strategies in clonal and seedling forestry : proceedings of a conference held in Pattaya, Thailand 28 November - 3 December 1988
Genetics and silviculture of beech : proceedings from the 5th beech symposium of the IUFRO Project Group P1.10-00, 19-24 September 1994, Mogenstrup, Denmark
Proceedings of the International Energy Agency Task II : biomass growth and production technology : joint workshop : willow breeding and biotechnology development activities Long Ashton Research Station, Long Ashton, Bristol, BS18 9AF, United Kingdom 28 September - 6 October 1988.
Methods for estimating gamete contributions to orchard seed crops and vegetative lots in British Columbia
Experimental design and analysis for tree improvement
Applications of biotechnology in forestry and horticulture
Breeding birches for resistance to mammalian herbivores
Genetic variation in Faidherbia albida : implications for conservation of genetic resources and tree improvement
Molecular genetics of forest trees : proceedings of the Frans Kempe symposium in Umeå, June 14-16 1988.
Regenerating British Columbia's forests
Suomen metsänjalostuksen yleistilastoa 1995 = General statistics on forest tree breeding in Finland 1995
The map of Finland would look quite different if the forest industry had not had such an important role in the Finnish national economy and society. The production of pulp, paper, sawn timber, plywood and furniture concentrated people in dozens of mill towns and industrial centres. The harvesting and transportation of roundwood, in turn, dispersed people in hundreds of rural villages in different parts of the country. Together these localities formed the settlement systems of the forest sector, in which each of the localities had a certain economic and productive role. During the first half of twentieth century this settlement system expanded with increasing production, but during the second half of the century both lumberman-smallholder villages and mill communities faced serious difficulties. The restructuring processes within the forest sector decreased jobs in forestry and industrial production, although the production volumes continued to increase. Both the growth periods and restructuring periods have created spatial inequalities between localities and regions within the settlement system of the forest sector.
A short review of the status of tree improvement in Iceland 2001.
Pinus contorta from untamed forest to domesticated crop : proceedings of a meeting with IUFRO Working Party S2.02.06 "Pinus contorta provenances and breeding" and Frans Kempe symposium in Umeå August 24-28,1992
Selecting and breeding pines for resistance to Cronartium quercuum f. sp. fusiforme
Applications of gene technology to resistance breeding of forest trees : annual report. 1
Breeding forest trees for resistance to mammalian herbivores : a study based on European white birch = Metsäpuiden resistenssijalostus kasveja syöviä nisäkkäitä vastaan : rauduskoivuun perustuva tutkimus
The Arkhangelsk oblast has long been one of Russia's most important forest industrial regions. This paper analyses the changes in accessibility of forest resources and forest commodity production during the transition period in the 1990s. Special attention is given to firm restructuring, active roles of domestic capital and the different survival strategies that have been developed by industries in the region. Further analysis deals with signs of economic recovery in the forest sector due to the processes of restructuring, modernisation and self-organisation.
Conservation and management of forest genetic resources in Europe
Results from the FAO Biotechnology Forum : background and dialogue on selected issues
Genetic transformation of Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris L.)
Forest industry on the map of Finland
Software application on the profitability of growing improved aspen
Biological systems in tree breeding : a joint meeting of the IUFRO Working Parties S2.04-02, Breeding Theory and Progeny Testing, and S2.02-16, Seed Orchards, in Tuusula, Finland,September 10-15, 1991.
Genetics, genomics, and breeding of conifers
Molecular genetics and breeding of forest trees
Suomen metsänjalostuksen yleistilastoa = General statistics on forest tree breeding in Finland
Broad-leaved breeding in Sweden
Genetic manipulation of woody plants
In vitro culture of trees
Selection and propagation of hybrid aspen clones for growth and fibre quality
Birch breeding in Sweden
Summary: Enlarging the seed utilization areas toward to north by selective harvesting of Scots pine seed orchards.
Micropropagation of hybrid aspen
Some results on the regularities of seed crops in Scots pine seed orchards
The Nordic and Baltic countries are in the frontline of replacing fossil fuel with renewables. An important question is how forest management of the productive parts of this region can support a sustainable development of our societies in reaching low or carbon neutral conditions by 2050. This may involve a 70% increased consumption of biomass and waste to meet the goals. The present review concludes that a 50-100% increase of forest growth at the stand scale, relative to today's common level of forest productivity, is a realistic estimate within a stand rotation (~70 years). Change of tree species, including the use of non-native species, tree breeding, introduction of high-productive systems with the opportunity to use nurse crops, fertilization and afforestation are powerful elements in an implementation and utilization of the potential. The productive forests of the Nordic and Baltic countries cover in total 63 million hectares, which corresponds to an average 51% land cover. The annual growth is 287 million m3 and the annual average harvest is 189 million m3 (65% of the growth). A short-term increase of wood-based bioenergy by utilizing more of the growth is estimated to be between 236 and 416 TWh depending on legislative and operational restrictions. Balanced priorities of forest functions and management aims such as nature conservation, biodiversity, recreation, game management, ground water protection etc. all need consideration. We believe that these aims may be combined at the landscape level in ways that do not conflict with the goals of reaching higher forest productivity and biomass production..
Some results from the oldest Pinus kesiya provenance and progeny trials in Zambia
How to integrate forestry to the management of gene resources
Effects of discontinuous marginal habitats on the genetic structure of common ash (Fraxinus exelsior L.)
Expression of sugar beet chitinase IV in silver birch (Betula pendula Roth) and the fungal disease resistance of transgenic birch lines in a field trial
Consequences of modern tree breeding techniques on breeding strategies of the main tree species in Finland
Suomen metsänjalostuksen yleistilastoa 1997 = General statistics on forest tree breeding in Finland 1997
Basics of plant genetic engineering and its potential applications to tree species
Lodgepole pine (Pinus contorta var.latifolia) breeding in Sweden : results and prospects based on early evaluations
Genetic variation in functional and structural productivity determinants in poplar
Variation in flowering of north finnish clones in a Norway Spruce seed orchard in Central Finland
Suomen metsänjalostuksen yleistilastoa 1. 1. 1992 = General statistics on forest tree breeding in Finland 1. 1. 1992
Tree breeding tools (TBT)
Age-to-age correlations for growth among families and provenances of Norway Spruce
Biotechnology in forest tree improvement : with special reference to developing countries
Forest tree genetics for an uncertain future
The commercial potential of birch in Scotland
Outlook on mechanical wood processing in Estonia
Procedure for managing large-scale progeny test data : a case study of Scots pine in Finland
Forest and crop biotechnology : progress and prospects
Plant breeding and forest tree breeding today : posters presented at the University of Helsinki, faculty of Agriculture and Forestry, Viikki, A-house, Helsinki, Finland, December 7.-11.1998 : abstracts
Selection criteria in Scots pine breeding with special reference to ideotype
This article focuses on the most recent internationalisation of Finnish forest companies. The profiles of the major companies are analysed. A 'world map' is drawn to illustrate the gradual formation of forest-industrial spaces in three scales: the articulation of Finnish (national) forest interest is related to the strategic openings of the Finnish forest companies within European (continental) and global (transcontinental) contexts. The suggested world map covers both the active exporting of the 'Finnish model' and the subsequent new location of Finland in the international networks. Both material and symbolic dimensions of the process are highlighted. The slow dynamics of the paper production is set against the current fluidity of societal demands that are fed by intensifying competition between the leading companies, profit maximation among the shareholders, and keen steering by globally aware environmentalists and consumers. Finally, the eco-social consequences of the contested globalisation process are addressed by examining the most controversial signs and signals. These include size ranking of the companies, profit hunting, image and identity politics, and product certifications. The theoretical framework is based on the political-ecology literature inspired by actor- and context-specific approaches. Hence, the aim is a simultaneous analysis of both material and symbolic changes in forest industrial practices.
Handbook of quantitative forest genetics
Meždunarodna naučna konferenciǎ, Sofiâ, 1-5 oktomvri 2003 g. : 75 godini Institut za gorata pri BAN : sbornik naučni dokladi = International scientific conference, Sofia, 1-5 October 2003 : 75 years of the Forest Research Institute of Bulgarian Academy of Sciences : proceedings
Tree breeding : principles and strategies
Genetic quality of reproductive material in forest regeneration in Finland
Increased forest biomass production in the Nordic and Baltic countries - a review on current and future opportunities
Lessons from Fray Bentos: forest industry, overseas investments and discursive regulation
Tropical forest genetics
Plant breeding reviews : volume 8
Forest tree breeding in Finland
Genetic gain and gene diversity of seed orchard crops
Globalisation and the Finnish forest sector: on the internationalisation of forest-industrial operations
Examples of genetic studies in Acer, Fagus, Fraximus, Quercus and Ulmus
Developing a Scots pine breeding objective : a case study involving a Swedish sawmill
Forest trees
Resolving tropical forest resource concerns through tree improvement, gene conservation and domestication of new species : conference proceedings October 9-18, 1992 Cartagena and Cali, Colombia
The pendulous form of Norway spruce as an option for crop tree breeding
Metsänjalostuksen yleistilastoa 1.1.1981 = General statistics on forest tree breeding in Finland
Pinus kesiya on the copperbelt of Zambia - a short history about introduction of an exotic species
Foundations of quantitative forest genetics : a text for the short course on applications of quantitative genetics to forestry
Development of Betula pendula Roth progenies in northern Lapland
Proceedings from willow breeding symposium Uppsala August 31 - Septermber 1, 1987.
Are forests the answer? : proceedings of the 1990 Society of American Foresters National Convention Washington, DC July 29-August 1.
Long-term tree breeding strategy in Finland: Integration of seed production and breeding
History of birch (Betula spp. L.) breeding in Finland
Experiences and ideas of hybrid aspen (Populus tremula x tremuloides) in Sweden
Sexual reproduction of tree crops
Research Action Plan 2020 for sustainable use of biomass : Central Finland
Forest research
Forest tree breeding in Lithuania
Breeding pest-resistant trees : proceedings of a N.A.T.O. and N.S.F. Advanced study Institute on Genetic improvement for disease and insect resistance of forest trees held at the Pennsylvania State University, University Park, Pennsylvania August 30 to September 11, 1964
Globalisation in the forest industry has its own particular characteristics which are due to a high degree of capital intensity and limits in raw material supply. Investments in new capacities are expensive and the rate of forest regeneration is slow in the traditional resource areas in the conifer dominated forests of the global North. The supply problem has lead forest companies to establish tree plantations and pulp mills in the temperate and tropical zones. This has largely modified global forest-industrial relations. I examine here how and why the establishment of the Fray Bentos pulp mill in Uruguay by a Finnish company, Metsä-Botnia, turned into an international conflict. I also show how the political reactions to the mill planning in fact relied on and further developed the international mechanisms of forest-industrial regulation. The partners of the mill project were forced to prove that the fears expressed by critical parties would not come true. The article ends with some suggestions to improve social sensitivity of forest-industrial projects by studying more systematically the dependencies between the forest industry and the environing society.
Forest tree breeding in Norway - status and challenges for the future
Suomen metsänjalostuksen yleistilasto 2002 = General statistics on forest tree breeding in Finland 2002
Predicted genetic gain from existing and future seed orchards and clone mixes in Sweden
Population genetics of forest trees : proceedings of the International Symposium on Population Genetics of Forest Trees Corvallis, Oregon, USA, July 31-August 2, 1990
Suomen metsänjalostuksen yleistilastoa 1996 = General statistics on forest tree breeding in Finland 1996
Progeny tests in a Pinus silvestris (L.) seed orchard in Finland
Hybrid aspen improvement in Sweden during the period 1939-2000 - a short summary of the projects, experiences and results
Symposium on intensive forestry : the role of Eucalypts : proceedings, Durban, South Africa 2-6 September 1991
Predicting breeding values with applications in forest tree improvement
Integrating tree breeding and forestry in Estonia
The black locust
Within-plot subsampling of trees for assessment in progeny trials of Scots pine
Early testing of adaptedness to temperature and water availability in Pinus sylvestris and Picea abies
Northeastern Forest Tree Improvement Conference : proceedings
Breeding forest trees for resistance to mammalian herbivores : a study based on European white birch
Summary.
Possibilities of controlling the wood properties of hybrid aspen
Genetic response of forest systems to changing environmental conditions
Increasing productivity of multipurpose lands : IUFRO research planning workshop for Africa, Sahelian and North Sudanian zones, Nairobi, Kenya 9-15 January 1986
Norway spruce; provenances, breeding and genetic conservation : proceedings of the IUFRO working party meeting, S2.02-11, in Sweden 1988
Non-destructive determination of wood properties : some preliminary results concerning the variation in wood quality between Norway Spruce from Finland and France (Vosges department)
Suomen metsänjalostuksen yleistilastoa 1. 1. 1993 = General statistics on forest tree breeding in Finland 1. 1. 1993
Genetic variation of wood density and its components and their relationships with growth traits in young Norway spruce (Picea abies (L.) Karst) : implications for breeding
On the application of forest genetics and forest tree breeding research to practical forest seed production
Molecular genetics of forest trees : proceedings, Second IUFRO Working Party on Molecular Genetics, Petawawa National Forestry Institute Chalk River, Ontario June 15-18, 1987
Forest tree breeding in Europe : current state-of-the-art and perspectives
Development of forest sector in the Arkhangelsk oblast during the transition period of the 1990s
Breeding of broad-leaved trees and micropropagation of forest trees : proceedings of the meeting of the Nordic Group for Tree Breeding in Finland 19.-21.9.1989
Micropropagation of Sitka spruce
Stem quality of Betula pendula Roth progenies in South and Central Finland.
Microcutting propagation of pine and spruce
International evaluation of forest genetics : report to The Swedish Council for Forestry and Agricultural Research and The Research Committee of the National Board of Forestry by an international group of experts with following members: prof J. Hamrick, prof H. Kriebel, prof B. Larsen, prof G. Namkoong, Dr H. Roulund
Alternative breeding strategies in Scandinavian spruce and pine with reference to quantitative and qualitative breeding objectives
Decay resistance of Scots pine wood
Successful tree breeding with index selection
The relationships between yield components in the breeding of Scots pine
Geographic variation in forest trees : its genecological evaluation and application in breeding and seed production
Efficient systems for sustainable forestry : profitability and flexibility in CTL-technology, 6-7 June, 2001
Clonal variation in Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris) and in transgenic silver birch (Betula pendula)
Results and future trends in larch breeding on the basis of provenance research : proceedings IUFRO Centennial Meeting of the IUFRO Working Party S2.0207 Berlin, September 5-12, 1992
The state of Canada's forests 1996-1997 : learning from history
Results from a trial of Eucalyptus grandis cuttings assessed after seven years
Proceedings of the tenth North American forest biology workshop : physiology and genetics of reforestation July 20-22, 1988 Vancouver, British Columbia
Plant population genetics, breeding, and genetic resources
On the integration of improved material into forestry
Forest tree breeding in an ecologically oriented forest management system : proceedings of the meeting in Escherode (Germany), 28-29 June 2001
