http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p19518 direct democracy
direct democracy
Direct democracy and its crisis : support for direct democracy and ʻstealth̕ democracy in Finland
Uses and abuses of governance indicators
Acting in an uncertain world : an essay on technical democracy
Deliberative democracy in America : a proposal for a popular branch of government
Summary (s. 11).
The next revolution : popular assemblies and the promise of direct democracy
Towards DIY-politics? : participatory and direct democracy at the local level in Europe
Direct democracy and the courts
Swiss democracy : possible solutions to conflict in multicultural societies
The biggest contemporary challenge to democratic legitimacy gravitates around the crisis of democratic representation. To tackle this problem, a growing number of established and new democracies included direct democratic instruments in their constitutions, enabling citizens to have direct influence on democratic decision-making. However, there are many different empirical manifestations of direct democracy, and their diverse consequences for representative democracy remain an understudied topic. Let the People Rule? aims to fill this gap, analysing the multifaceted consequences of direct democracy on constitutional reforms and issues of independence, democratic accountability mechanisms, and political outcomes. Chapters apply different methodological approaches to study the consequences of direct democracy on democratic legitimacy. These range from single in-depth cases studies, like the Scottish independence referendum in 2014, to cross-national comparative studies, such as the direct democratic experience within the European Union.
The new challenge of direct democracy
Direct democracy in Switzerland
Campaign strategy in direct democracy
Direct action and democracy today
Citizen empowerment : a challenge for local democracy in Finland
The Law of direct democracy
Size and local democracy
Citizens' initiatives in Europe : procedures and consequences of agenda-setting by citizens
Democratic innovations : designing institutions for citizen participation
The politics of direct democracy : referendums in global perspective
Debating deliberative democracy
Growing into politics : contexts and timing of political socialisation
Let the people rule? : direct democracy in the twenty-first-century
Political communication in direct democratic campaigns : enlightening or manipulating?
Citizen empowerment - a challenge for local democracy in Finland
