http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p19551 bassoon
bassoon
Studies for bassoon : vol. I
Woodwind instruments and their history
Suite for bassoon solo
Symphonie concertante : in F major : (Opus 31) : for flute, bassoon and piano reduction
A tune a day : A first book for bassoon instruction
Rubank intermediate method : bassoon. Bassoon
Fagott-Schule mit ausführlichen theoretischen Erläuterungen = Bassoon-school with complete theoretical explanations
Rubank advanced method. Bassoon : vol. I.
The Boosey woodwind method : bassoon. Book 1.
Flutes, reeds and trumpets: 2nd pr
Modern wind music, volume 4 ; bassoon
Improve your sight-reading! : a workbook for examinations : grades I-V
Polish-Swedish cultural relations during the Vasa dynasty : Stockholm, February 10th-12th 1995 : conference papers
Fagottstudien für Fortgeschrittene = Bassoon studies for advanced pupils = Fagottetüdök haladóknak : op. 8/2
Instrumental solos by special arrangement : Trombone/baritone/bassoon : eleven songs arranged in a jazz style written-out improvisations
An edition for study and performance of the grand concerto for bassoon and orchestra by J.N. Hummel (1778-1837) and four sonatas for bassoon and keyboard, opus 26 by J.B. Boismortier (1691-1765?). Volume 1, Part 1
L'apprenti bassoniste : méthode pour débutant = The bassoon apprentice : a method for beginner. Volume 2
The techniques of bassoon playing = Die Spieltechnik des Fagotts = La technique du basson
Initial here
Concerto Bb Major for bassoon and orchestra : Köchel-Edition, No. 191
Studies for bassoon : vol. 1
Breeze-easy method for bassoon. Book 1
Duets for clarinet and bassoon (or violoncello) for beginners
Twelve melodious duets : for two trombones or baritones or bassoons
Bassoon bibliography = Bibliographie du basson = Fagott Bibliographie
A guide to improvisation. "C" book (bass clef) : for trombone, string bass, bassoon
Méthode de basson = Bassoon method =  Schule für fagott
Celebrating double reeds : a Festschrift for William Waterhouse and Philip Bate
Learn as you play bassoon
Bassoon fingering chart : with instrument care, notation, and a photo/diagram
Rubank elementary method. Bassoon
The bassoon concertos of Antonio Vivaldi
Trio for flute, bassoon & piano
Suite in miniature : Three movements in contrasting styles
Rubank elementary method : bassoon : a fundamental course for individual or like-instrument class instruction
L'Après-midi d'un dinosaur : music for bassoon and piano
New sounds for woodwind
The bassoon
Movie duets for all. Trombone/Baritone B.C./Bassoon/Tuba : Level 1-4
Tutor, chart, etude : a critical bibliography of historical teaching material for bassoon to 1900
Sonatine : for bassoon and piano : W1802
Tunes for two. Easy to play duets for cellos or bassoons : thirty popular melodies
The bassoon, its history, construction, makers, players and music
Bassoon fundamentals = Basisübungen für Fagott : a guide to effective practice
Bassoon playing in perspective : character and performance practice from 1800 to 1850
English airs & dances : 16 easy to intermediate pieces from 18th-century England for violin (flute or oboe) and keyboard and optional cello (bassoon)
Solos for the bassoon player [Nuottijulkaisu] : with piano accompaniment
L'apprenti bassoniste : méthode pour débutant = The bassoon apprentice : a method for beginner. Volume 1
Praktische Fagott-Schule : Method for the bassoon
Woodwinds : Fundamental performance techniques
Christmas memories : C instrument, Bb instrument, Eb instrument, F instrument : Sing or play-along to your favorite Christmas songs
The bassoon & contrabassoon
Summer music : for woodwind quintet
Who wrote the Mozart four-wind concertante?
A tune a day. A first book for bassoon instruction
The proud bassoon : an exhibition showing the development of the bassoon over the centuries : the Waterhouse collection of bassoons and related items
Rubank advanced method : bassoon : an outlined course of study designed to follow up and of the various elementary and intermediate methods
Rubank intermediate method. Bassoon
The oboe and the bassoon
Compatible quartets for winds : 21 quartets that can be played by any combination of wind instruments. Trombone, euphonium, bassoon
Wind talk for woodwinds : a practical guide to understanding and teaching woodwind instruments
The bassoon in eight quartets for bassoon, violin, viola and cello written ca. 1800
Woodwind anthology : a compendium of woodwind articles from the Instrumentalist. Vol. 1, Flute, oboe, bassoon
Concerto : F major for bassoon and orchestra
The playful pachyderm : classic miniatures for bassoon and orchestra
An edition for study and performance of the grand concerto for bassoon and orchestra by J.N. Hummel (1778-1837) and four sonatas for bassoon and keyboard, opus 26 by J.B. Boismortier (1691-1765?). Volume 2
