http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p19528 brain puzzles
brain puzzles
Chinese chess : internationalized version XiangQi
Gogetter cat & mouse
The complete book of games
2 balls : Remove the ring from the game
Pocket Puzzles : Frustrating Puzzles with Everyday Objects
Cast donuts : Can you take it apart? Can you assemble it again?
The Cube : the ultimate guide to the world ́s bestselling puzzle : secrets, stories, solutions
100 top games apps made easy : Android, iPhone, iPad, Google, Amazon Fire, Samsung
Penguins of Madagascar : Nintendo 3DS
Mensa presents : the ultimate mental challenge
Ingenious
The talos principle : deluxe edition : PS4
Machinarium : collector's edition : PC DVD-ROM
Prison block : Separate the 2 parts : pulmapeli
Is your neighbour a zombie? : mind-bending philosophical puzzles that will exercise your brain
Follow the easy steps to grandmaster greatness with How To Play Chess. From the opening move to checkmate, How To Play Chess will help your child play chess like a champion. With plenty of master tips and cool 3D images, How To Play Chess is the perfect introduction to chess for beginners as well as kids. Start with basic chess techniques, and move up to more difficult challenges, guided step-by-step the whole way. How To Play Chess includes a handy press out chess board and pieces to get you practising straight away. Learn chess the fun way, and add firepower to your chess tactics with this wonderful companion to the world's most popular game of skill.  --Publisher description.
Sherlock Holmes consulting detective
Spot the Difference : 40 amazing photographic puzzles
Puzzles : old & new : how to make and solve them
Almost inbossible Number puzzles
The colossal book of short puzzles and problems : combinatorics, probability, algebra, geometry, topology, chess, logic, cryptarithms, wordplay, physics and other topics of recreational mathematics
Puzzles for super brains : a personal selection of old and new puzzles
The 15 Puzzle : how it drove the world crazy
Super King : chinese chess
Test your IQ : 400 questions to boost your brain power
A lifetime of puzzles : a collection of puzzles in honor of Martin Gardner's 90th birthday
Keep your brain fit : 101 ways to tone your mind
Puzzles old & new : how to make and solve them
National Geographic challenge! : Wii
All Screwed Up! : Turned puzzles and boxes featuring chased threads
Cast chain : Can you take it apart? Can you assemble it again?
New book of puzzles : 101 classic and modern puzzles to make and solve
Designing a knowledge based puzzle game : case: After Now Archeology
More mathematical puzzles and diversions
The Anchor Puzzle Book : the amazing stories of more than 50 new puzzles made of stone (kirja + cd-levy)
Penguins of Madagascar : Wii U
Incredible Visual Illusions : You won ́t believe your eyes
National Geographic challenge! : PlayStation 3.
Chess structures : a grandmaster guide
Cast spiral : Can you take it apart? Can you assemble it again?
Professor Stewart's casebook of mathematical mysteries
Mathematical carnival
Puzzles and games : a mathematical modeling approach
102 Extra training games
The New  Puzzle Classics : Ingenious twists on timeless favorites
Match wits with Mensa : the complete quiz book
Cast key : Can you take it apart? Can you assemble it again?
House M.D. PC CD-ROM
The talos principle : deluxe edition : PlayStation 4
Clones : PC CD-ROM
Collins little book of Scrabble secrets
How to play chess
The puzzler's dilemma : from the Lighthouse of Alexandria to Monty Hall, a fresh look at classic conundrums of logic, mathematics, and life
New wood puzzle designs : A guide to the construction of both new and historic puzzles
Incredible 30 Eye Tricks : Can you see into the hidden pictures
This book is a comprehensive guide to mathematical modeling. It uses about 100 puzzles as "case studies" and represents them as mathematical models. The models are coded in the computer language LPL and can be solved directly over the Internet. Game-lovers will discover new and original aspects of their favorite pastime and teachers in Mathematics will be amazed how playful and diverting mathematical modelling can be. The goal is to encourage the use of such puzzles in an educational context in order to improve and develop mathematical modelling skills. It can be used as a self-study or in classes.
Professor Stewart's cabinet of mathematical curiosities
Penguins of Madagascar : Wii
Retrain your business brain : outsmart the corporate competition
Penguins of Madagascar : Wii U.
Hand Shadows : 32 silhouettes to make with your hands
