http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p19580 jealousy
jealousy
I was dead for 13 minutes.  I don't remember how I ended up in the icy water but I do know this - it wasn't an accident and I wasn't suicidal.  They say you should keep your friends close and your enemies closer, but when you're a teenage girl, it's hard to tell them apart. My friends love me, I'm sure of it. But that doesn't mean they didn't try to kill me. Does it?
Madness of a seduced  woman
Abstract.
Madison Square tragedy : the murder of Stanford White
Duck, duck, goose
Envy and jealousy in classical Athens : a socio-psychological approach
Dance of the dark heart
McDuff and the baby
Death on the Nile
Matters of the heart
The hormonal contraceptive congruency hypothesis and its application on jealousy, sexual desire and satisfaction in dyadic relationships
Love Hina. Vol. 6 / [translator: Nan Rymer] ; [English adaptation: Adam Arnold]
Duty & devotion
The elegiac passion : jealousy in Roman love elegy
Who loves Mr Tubs?
Dear Mr. M
American dervish
The end of everything
Gone with the wind
Shame and jealousy : the hidden turmoils
The deepest poison : a clockwork dagger story
The scent of your breath
Sophie and the new baby
The insect farm
A crowded marriage
Following her mother's untimely and mysterious death, Delia embarks on a voyage of discovery through the streets of her native Naples searching for the truth about her family.
Room for a stranger
Jane Austen stole my boyfriend
The race
In search of lost time : Swann's way
Red Queen
BMI, weight and height as predictors of self-perceived mate value and hypothetical and experienced jealousy in adult Finnish men
One round moon and a star for me
Down the road to Jamie's house
Dead jealous : [a Poppy Sinclair thriller]
Peach girl : change of hearts : by Miwa Ueda. 1
A strom in a teacup
The hurlyburly's husband : a novel
Red queen
We'll always have summer
Just call my name
The psychology of jealousy and envy
Ranma 1/2. 8 / [English adaptation Gerard Jones & Toshifumi Yoshida]
Troubling love
The tragedy of Othello, the Moor of Venice
The shadow year
Much ado about nothing
King's cage
The winner stands alone
Grey : Fifty shades of Grey as told by Christian
My husband's wife
Cynical Orange. vol. 4
Dollhouse : a novel /Kourtney, Kim and Khloé Kardashian
Cynical Orange. vol. 1
Fifty shades of grey
Living with the dead
Fifty shades of Grey
Little brother and the cough
The finishing school
With Mare powerless as a prisoner of Maven Calore, the boy she once loved, her rebel Reds continue to organize and train as they prepare for war, while exiled prince Cal sets out to rescue Maven from captivity.
A student of weather
The man in the yellow doublet
The paying guests
Voices of the desert : a novel
The most wanted
Grey : fifty shades of Grey as told by Christian
Fifty shades freed
A tan and sandy silence : a Travis McGee novel
The soldier's woman
The tragedie of Othello, the Moore of Venice : a facsimile from the First Folio
A burnt-out case
I want a sister
Love enough for two
The drowned detective
Too small for honey cake
