http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p19521 sound archives
sound archives audio archives
Early field recordings : a catalogue of cylinder collections at the Indiana University Archives of Traditional Music
Summary (s. XIII-XVI).
The Audiotarium : a concept for a public domain sound object repository
The world's greatest sound archive : 78 rpm records as a source for musicological research
Earshot SFX : professional sound effects library for new media. Vol. 1
Voices from the archive
Preserving the nation's recorded musical heritage
Oral history and digital humanities : voice, access, and engagement
Archives for the future : global perspectives on audiovisual archives in the 21st century
Subject access and content description of sound effects in internet environment : Tampere Polytechnic Library,  Digital sound library project : project report
Music from New Orleans and Warsaw: Records from the Harry Orvomaa collection
Introduction / Douglas A. Boyd and Mary A. Larson. Part I. Orality/aurality. Oral history in the age of digital possibilities / William Schneider. Why do we call it oral history? : refocusing on orality/aurality in the digital age / Sherna Berger Gluck. Adventures in sound : aural history, the digital revolution, and the making of " 'I can almost see the lights of home' : a field trip to Harlan County Kentucky" / Charles Hardy III. "I just want to click on it to listen" : oral history archives, orality and usability / Douglas A. Boyd. Part II. Discovery and discourse. Beyond the transcript : oral history as pedagogy / Marjorie McLellan. Notes from the field : digital history and oral history / Gerald Zahavi. Densho : the Japanese American Legacy Project / Tom Ikeda. Deconstruction without destruction : creating metadata for oral history in a digital world / Elinor Mazé. "We all begin with a story" : discovery and discourse in the digital realm / Mary A. Larson. Part III. Oral history and digital humanities perspectives. Swimming in the exaflood : oral history as information in the digital age / Stephen Sloan. [O]ral [h]istory and the [d]igital [h]umanities" / Dean Rehberger.
The Finnish language tape archives
Music archiving in the world : papers presented at the conference on the occasion of the 100th anniversary of the Berlin Phonogramm-Archiv
Jazz archives record the history of Finnish jazz
Historical sources and source criticism : ICTM study group on historical sources : proceedings from the 17th international conference in Stockholm, Sweden May 21-25, 2008
Corpora Ethnographica online : Strategien der Digitalisierung kultureller Archive und ihrer Präsentation im Internet
Music librarianship at the turn of the century
Survey of reissues of U.S. recordings
Fonoarhìv êvrejs'koï muzičnoï spadŝini : kolekcìâ fonografìčnih zapisìv êvrejs'kogo fol'kloru ìz fondìv Ìnstitutu rukopisu: anotovanij katalog fonocilìndrìv ta notnih ì tekstovih rozšifrovok = Fonoarhiv evrejskogo muzykal'nogo naslediâ: kollekciâ fonografičeskih zapisej evrejskogo fol'klora iz fondov Instituta rukopisi = Phonoarchive of Jewish Musical heritage: the collection of Jewish folklore phonograf recordings from Institute of Manuscripts
Discourse in ethnomusicology. 3, Essays in honor of Frank J. Gillis
The digitization of audio tapes
Archives of recorded music in Finland
Report on archives in the enlarged European Union : increased archival cooperation in Europe: action plan
