http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1956 cable networks
cable networks
Hands-on networking fundamentals
Compatibility of traditional earth fault protection functions for long cable feeders in compensated networks
Designing Info-TV system to Mikpoli
Inside the rise of HBO : a personal history of the company that transformed television
Abstract.
Broadband cable TV access networks : from technologies to applications
The essential guide to telecommunications
Earth fault protection of compensated rural area cabled medium voltage networks
ATM Adaptation Layer implementation for Interactive Interface Module prototype
Optical fibre cables for telecommunications and data networks
Fiber-optic communications
Media technology and society : a history: from the telegraph to the Internet
Optical networking : a Wiley tech brief
The FOA reference guide to premises cabling and study guide to FOA certification
Televiestintä Suomessa = Telecommunications in Finland. 2003.
Cisco Networking Academy program : CCNA 1 and 2 : engineering journal and workbook
Optical switching/networking and computing for multimedia systems
The undersea network
Cisco Networking Academy program : CCNA 3 and 4 : engineering journal and workbook
Tietotekniikan yleiskaapelointi = Information technology : general cabling
Ethernet : the definitive guide
Understanding digital television : an introduction to DVB systems with satellite, cable, broadband and terrestrial TV
Convergence in broadcast and communications media : the fundamentals of audio, video, data processing and communication technologies
The European cable companies in South America before the First World War
Planet broadband
Promotion and marketing for broadcasting, cable, and the web
Power system engineering : planning, design, and operation of power systems and equipment
Televiestintä Suomessa = Telecommunications in Finland 2004.
Data and telecommunications : systems and applications
Technology strategy framework for cable television operator
Multiwavelength optical networks : architectures, design, and control
Local area networks : Ethernet
Tietotekniikka. Kaapeloinnin asentaminen. Asennetun kaapeloinnin testaus = Information technology. Cabling installation. Testing of installed cabling
In The Essential HBO Reader, editors Gary R. Edgerton and Jeffrey P. Jones bring together an accomplished group of scholars to explain how HBO's programming transformed the world of cable television and how the network continues to shape popular culture and the television industry. Now, after more than three and a half decades, HBO has won acclaim in four distinct programming areas - drama, comedy, sports, and documentary - emerging as TV's gold standard for its breakout series and specials. The Essential HBO Reader provides a comprehensive and compelling examination of HBO's development into the prototypical entertainment corporation of the twenty-first century.
Cisco networking academy program : CCNA 1 and 2 companion guide
Practical SCADA for industry
Automation control systems : open protocol solutions
Televiestintä Suomessa = Telecommunications in Finland. 2002.
Understanding fiber optics
Developing Empower's DNA network construction process at Lohja
Media promotion and marketing for broadcasting, cable, and the Internet
The Essential HBO reader
Computer networks
One nation under television : the rise and decline of network TV
Handbook of telecommunications economics. 2, Technology evolution and the Internet
Clock recovery and network jitter smoothing in video-on-demand cable access processor
Optical fiber communications : principles and practice
