http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p19530 Latinos
Latinos Hispanic Americans
Suffering and salvation in Ciudad Juárez
Latino spin : public image and the whitewashing of race
Cornbread and cuchifritos : ethnic identity politics, transnationalization, and transculturation in American urban popular music
Troubling nationhood in U.S. Latina literature : explorations of place and belonging
Latinos : a biography of the people
Negotiating performance : gender, sexuality, and theatricality in Latin/o America
Latina writers
Futuring our past : explorations in the theology of tradition
Multicultural American literature : comparative Black, Native, Latino/a and Asian American fictions
Encyclopedia of Latino popular culture
Sylvester Syropoulos on politics and culture in the fifteenth-century Mediterranean : themes and problems in the Memoirs, section IV
* Drawing on dramatic events impacting the world today, including terrorism and wars, the AIDS epidemic, and natural disasters, this book offers a global and cross-cultural review of Posttraumatic Growth* Uses an evidence-based practice approach, looking at empirical findings and offering implications for practice.
Unhomely rooms : foreign tongues and Spanish American literature
The Latino body : crisis identities in American literary and cultural memory
In the first book on Aztec dance in the United States, Ernesto Colin combines cultural anthropology, educational theory, and postcolonial theory to create an innovative, interdisciplinary, long-term ethnography of an Aztec dance circle and makes a case for the use of the metaphor of palimpsest as an ethnographic research tool.
A retrospective study of academic resilience in successful Latino students from a rural California community
Psychotherapy with deaf clients from diverse groups
Hispanic marketing : a cultural perspective
Ethnicity in college : advancing theory and improving diversity practices on campus
Hispanic nation : culture, politics, and the constructing of identity
Esperanza : a love and rockets book
Killing Spanish : literary essays on ambivalent U.S. Latino/a identity
Latin N.Y. : the magazine for New World people
Stranger sociality in the home : Israeli Hebrew as register in Latino domestic interaction
Expanding latinidad : an inter-American perspective
Dangerous curves : Latina bodies in the media
Gone : a detective Michael Bennett thriller
Salsa, soul, and spirit : leadership for a multicultural age
Anthropology and the politics of representation
The color of theater : race, culture, and contemporary performance
Corpus delecti : performance art of the Americas
Spanish and English in U.S. service encounters
Service encounters involve communication between strangers. Communication between strangers who come from different groups can foster the formation of stereotypes. Using service encounters as a vehicle, Callahan examines Spanish as social capital in the United States, focusing on who may use this language and under what circumstances.
A neglected piece of lexicography, Philemon Holland's Paralipomena
Caribbean diaspora in the USA : diversity of Caribbean religions in New York City
Voices from the fields : children of migrant farmworkers tell their stories
The paradox of Latina religious leadership in the Catholic Church ; LAS Guadalupanas of Kansas City
Indigenous dance and dancing Indian : contested representation in the global era
Latino immigrants in the United States
The new Latin N.Y
What, where, and y qué? A microsurvey of some syntactic features, lexical items, and attitudes towards codeswitching among U.S. latinos
Neither enemies nor friends ; Latinos, blacks, Afro-Latinos
Chicano English in context
A history of Hispanic theatre in the United States : origins to 1940
Maid in the U.S.A
Codeswitching in the comedy of George Lopez
U.S. latino literatures and cultures : transnational perspectives
Ghost of hoppers
Disidentifications : queers of color and the performance of politics
Locas II : Maggie, Hopey & Ray
"At 3:15 p.m. on April 29, 1992, a jury acquitted two Los Angeles Police Department officers charged with using excessive force to subdue civilian Rodney King, and failed to reach a verdict on the same charges involving a third officer. Less than two hours later, the city of LA, a powder keg of racial tension, exploded in violence as people took to the streets in a terrifying orgy of rioting that lasted six days. In 144 hours, sixty lives were lost. And then there were the murders outside of active rioting sites, committed by gangbangers who used the lawlessness of a city on fire to viciously settle scores. A gritty and cinematic work of sourced fiction, All Involved vividly recreates this turbulent and terrifying time through the stories of six interconnected lives caught up in extraordinary circumstances"--
The sentry
Redreaming America : toward a bilingual American culture
A special type of neighbourhood
The Routledge companion to Latino/a literature
The Latino threat : constructing immigrants, citizens, and the nation
Medicalizing ethnicity : the construction of Latino identity in a psychiatric setting
Ethnic labels, Latino lives : identity and the politics of (re)presentation in the United States
Indigenous education through dance and ceremony ; a mexica palimpsest
Upsetting the apple cart : Black-Latino coalitions in New York City from protest to public office
All involved
This book examines the ways that recent U.S. Latina literature challenges popular definitions of nationhood and national identity. It explores the works of Mexican American, Puerto Rican, and Cuban American writers Denise Chavez, Ana Castillo, Sandra Cisneros, Judith Ortiz Cofer, Esmeralda Santiago, and Himilce Novas to show how these texts argue for the legitimate belonging of Latino/as within U.S. borders and counter much of today's anti-immigration rhetoric.
Body signs : the latino/a body in cultural production
Posttraumatic growth and culturally competent practice : lessons learned from around the globe
Boricua pop : Puerto Ricans and the latinization of American culture
A guide to Latin American, Caribbean, and U.S. Latino-made film and video
Brown tide rising : metaphors of Latinos in contemporary American public discourse
Latina performance : traversing the stage
"Centered around descriptions of the interrelated practices of Calpulli Tonalehqueh, an extant Danza group in San Jose, California, Indigenous Education through Dance and Ceremony makes a significant contribution to the current research literature, especially ethnographies of education. The book aims toward a radical reformulation of what education might look like, as both an intentionally (and intently) personal and cultural/historical project. The project begins to reveal the inner workings of the Calpulli as well as the way those inner workings must reach across space and time for materials and guidance." - Jason Duque Raley, Lecturer, University of California, Santa Barbara, USA.
Photographs, poems, and interviews with children reveal the hardships and hopes of Mexican American migrant farm workers and their families.
The house on Mango Street
Palomar : the heartbreak soup stories
Chimayó weaving : the transformation of a tradition
Religion and social action is both empowering and limiting for women. This study shows the Guadalupanas' awareness of themselves as agents for change and their difficulties in understanding and maintaining their limited gendered roles within church and community.
"This book provides a fascinating exploration of language choice in the workplace; it uses service encounters as a lens for examining how speakers position themselves in relation to others through language accommodation (or non-accommodation). Using recent theoretical frameworks based on the social construction of identity, Callahan offers us an insightful analysis of the roles of language choice and code-switching in signaling ingroup or outgroup status and in publicly negotiating identity." - Carmen Fought, Professor of Linguistics, Pitzer College; Author of Chicano English in Context (Palgrave Macmillan, 2003)  "The comprehensive topic of this study -  an examination of service encounters as a way to better understand the sociolinguistic and identitary complexity surrounding use and non-use of Spanish in the US -  is a very timely one that deserves attention. Dr. Callahan offers a reader-friendly, theoretically-informed and data-rich perspective." - Robert Train, Assistant Professor of Spanish; Director, Language & Culture Learning Center, Sonoma State University.
The ethnic eye : Latino media arts
The trouble with unity : Latino politics and the creation of identity
Luba. [Volume two] : The book of Ofelia
