http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p19590 singspiels
singspiels
West Side story : vocal selections : based on a conception of Jerome Robbins
Songs in Shakespeare's plays from the Elizabethan Theatre
Theatre songs for singers : tenor
Vaudeville : from the Honky-Tonks to the Palace
The singer's musical theatre anthology : mezzo-sopraano/belter. Volume 2
Hary Janos : Singspiel in four adventures, a prologue and an epilogue, op. 15
Kurt Weill : The threepenny opera
Dioclesian : acts I-IV
40 songs : for voice and piano : (high). Volume 1
The Rocky horror show : vocal selections
I was looking at the ceiling and then I saw the sky : song play in two acts
Theatre music
Shockheaded Peter ; a junk opera : adapted from H. Hoffman's classic Struwwelpeter /cThe Tiger Lillies ; music by Martyn Jacques
Songs : with realizations of the figured bass by John Edmunds : high voice
Heathcliff Live
The beggar's opera
Noye's fludde : opus 59 : the Chester miracle play, set for adults' and children's voices, children's chorus, chamber ensemble and children's orchestra
The singer's musical theatre anthology : sopraano. Volume 3
Hary Janos : Singspiel in four adventures, a prologue and an epilogue, op. 15 ; libretto by Béla Paulini & Zsolt Harsányi
Songs of Bertolt Brecht and Hanns Eisler ; Edited by Eric Bentley ; Music edited by Earl Robinson
The threepenny opera
Operetta : a theatrical history
Lotte Lenya sings Kurt Weill : American theatre songs
Hin und zurück : There and back : opus 45a
Songs of Bertolt Brecht and Hanns Eisler : forty-two songs in German and English : wiht piano arrangements and guitar chords
I was looking at the ceiling and then I saw the sky : based on a quote from a survivor of the 1994 Northridge, California earthquake
Kurt Weill songs : a centennial anthology
The Beggar's Opera = L'opéra des gueux : original songs & airs
The Noël Coward songbook
The singer's musical theatre anthology. Duets
A midsummer night's dream
Scottish tradition : a collection of Scottish folk literature
Acis & Galatea
Songs of Bertolt Brecht and Hanns Eisler
Alfred ́s Singer's library of musical theatre : 34 songs from stage & film. Volume 2, Soprano / edited and compiled by John L. Haag and Jeremy Mann
Songs from The Starlight Express, op. 78 : incidental music to the play by Algernon Blackwood
The Beggar's opera
From Broadway to Piccadilly : show stoppers : thirty-eight songs that stopped the shows from 42nd Street to Shaftesbury Avenue..
The singer's musical theatre anthology. Tenor
O moon of Alabama : historische Originalaufnahmen 1928-1944
Vocal selections from the Threepenny Opera
Angels hide their faces : Dawn Upshaw sings Bach and Purcell
The unknown Kurt Weill : A collection of 14 songs as sung by Teresa Stratas
O moon of Alabama : historische Originalaufnahmen = historic original recordings (1928-1944)
Broadway : essential audition songs for female vocalists
40 songs : for voice and piano : (high). Volume 2
Music for a while : for voice and piano : (low)
Hin und zurück = There and back : Sketch mit Musik, opus 45a
Here come the rattling trees : music from the original stage production
The singer's musical theatre anthology : soprano. Volume 2.
The divine Kura tribe : kuravanci and other prabandhams
The black rider
High school musical. 2 : girl's edition
Timon of Athens
Orpheus with his lute : [for medium voice and piano]
Andrew Lloyd Webber : sing 8 theatre classics with a professional band : women's edition
The Definitive Broadway collection : 120 songs
Music for a while
Kiri! : Dame Kiri Te Kanawa's 50th birthday concert at the Royal Albert Hall, 10 March 1994.
Altar boyz : vocal selections
The Christmas book
The singer's musical theatre anthology. Baritone/Bass
Bach: cantatas ; Barber, Copland
Glitter and be gay : from Candide
The Solent : fifty years of music by Ralph Vaughan Williams
The Brecht-Eisler songbook
40 songs for voice and piano : high
Oral literature in Africa
Theatre songs for singers : 38 songs from 38 shows
Supply & demand : songs by Brecht/Weill & Eisler
The singer's musical theatre anthology : baritoni/basso. 2 : Baritone/Bass
Mother Clap's molly house : a play with songs
Alfred ́s Singer's library of musical theatre : 35 songs from stage & film. Volume 2, Tenor / edited and compiled by John L. Haag and Jeremy Mann
Songs from Shakespeare's tragedies : a collection of songs for concert or dramatic use
Songs and dialogues
A Shakespeare song book
Franks wild years : un operachi romantico in two acts
Shakespeare's songbook
The look of lyric : Greek song and the visual
