http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p19529 rye
rye
Sowing time affects the abundance of pests and weeds in winter rye
Yield trends of temperate cereals in high lattitude countries from 1940 to 1998.
Physiological and molecular analysis of cold acclimation of plants
Influence of processing on the flavour formation of oat and rye
Technology and products
Rye bread and glucose and insulin in healthy adults
Virallisten lajikekokeiden tulokset 2000-2007 = Results of official variety trials 2000-2007
Ruissalon kongressihotelli, Turku = Kongresshotellet i Ruissalo, Åbo = The Ruissalo Congress Hotel, Turku / Reino Lukander, Olli Vahtera
Occurrence and properties of steryl ferulates and glycosides in wheat and rye
The exported winter rye form evolved in co-cultivation with spring-sown seasonal crops in Finland where the slash-and-burn and riihi traditions selected against the rachis brittleness of the weedy rye
Climatic factors in relation to winterhardiness
Processing of oat dietary fibre for improved functionality as a food ingredient
Annual and seasonal changes in the algal vegetation and flora at Ruissalo, off Turku
Yield formation of spring rye at high latitudes with reference to seeding rate and plant growth regulation
Cereals
Phytochemicals beyond whole grains and health : non-targeted metabolite profiling in whole grain research
Cereals and cereal products : chemistry and technology
Factors influencing somatic embryogenesis and regeneration ability in somatic tissue culture of spring and winter rye
Biotechnological improvement in crop breeding : study of androgenic and somatic embryogenesis and plant regeneration in turnip rape, timothy and rye
Climatic conditions for the cultivation of rye with reference to the history of settlement in Finland
A study on investigating the possible introduction of a Finnish rye bread product into the British market and the possible barriers
Rye : production, chemistry, and technology
Effect of genotype on tissue culture induced cytological and biochemical variation in outbred and inbred lines of rye (Secale cereale L.)
Näkymätön kaupunki : toteutumattomia suunnitelmia 1900-luvun Turusta = The invisible city : unrealized plans from the 20th century Turku
Coeliac disease-inducing gluten : in vitro harmfulness and detoxification by germinating cereal enzymes
Emerging Fusarium-mycotoxins in Finland
Metabolomics in dietary interventions : special emphasis on effects of grain products and fish on lipidomic profile
Live at the Turku rock festival
Triticale : a promising addition to the world's cereal grains
Atlas of cereal diseases and pests in Europe
Dietary fibre components of rye bran and their fermentation in vitro
Apparent ileal amino acid digestibility and the nutritive value of the triticale cultivars Moreno and Ulrika for growing-finishing pigs
Abstract: Disease susceptibility of cereal varieties in Finnish official variety trials 1998-2005.
Combined use of spatial data : implications for landscape dynamics in an oak woodland site in Southwest Finland
Triticale breeding and synthesis : applications of tissue culture
Enduring designs for change : an account of CIMMYT's research, Its impact, and Its future directions
Disease susceptibility of cereal varieties in Finnish official variety trials in 2006-2013.
Rye and health
Composition and productive value for broiler chickens of wheat, triticale and rye
Hybrids, partial hybrids and monoploids from interspecific crosses of the Triticeae species attained by in vitro embryo culture
Virallisten lajikekokeiden tulokset 1995-2002 = Results of offical variety trials 1995-2002
Folates in rye : determination and enhancement by food processing
Community Analysis of the Land Snail (Gastropoda) on the island of Ruissalo, SW Finland
Occurrence of rhynchosporium secalis (Oud.) J. J. Davis on spring barley and winter rye in Finland
Ruissalo : auringonkierron saari : solvarvets ö = Ruissalo : an island for all seasons = Runsala
Alkylresorcinol metabolites as potential biomarkers for whole-grain rye intake and the effect of rye bread intake on plasma low-density lipoproteins
Cereal pests and diseases
Salinger's The Catcher in the Rye
Happy memoriec [sic] , eternal friendship : the 10th anniversary memorial photo album for nursing exchanges between Tianjin,China and Turku, Finland
Role of rye fibre and lactobacillus GG in colonic metabolism
Rye : genetics, breeding, and cultivation
Rye doubled haploids : production and use in mapping studies
Changes in varietal distribution of cereals in central and Western Europe
Biotechnological improvement in rye breeding : androgenic, somatic embryogenesis and molecular identification of rye
Crop evolution under fire : the past cultivation with sequential kytö burning selected against the shattering weedy forms and comparison between Finnish kytö and Ethiopian guie
Eesti põllumajandusmuuseumi leivajutud = Bread stories by the estonian agricultural museum
Effects of yeasts and bacteria on the levels of folates in rye sourdoughs
Structural changes occurring in rye doughs during fermentation
Valkeassa yhdessä = In the whiteness together
Mixed culture pre-ferments of lactic and propionic acid bacteria for baking
Relationships between climate and winter cereal grain quality in Finland and their potential for forecasting
Finnish Music Quarterly 1996:1
Key factors influencing economic relationships and communication in European food chains (FOODCOMM) : review of sausage and rye bread chains in Finland
Performance of growing dairy bulls offered diets based on silages made of whole-crop barley, whole-crop wheat, hairy vetch and grass
Handbook of cereal science and technology
Steryylijohdosten entsymaattinen hydrolyysi : kirjallisuusosa ; Rukiin sterolien analyysi : kokeellinen osa = Entsymatic hydrolysis of steryl conjugates ; Analysis of sterols in rye
Effects of sowing time on pink snow mould, leaf rust and winter damage in winter rye varieties in Finland
Enzymatic hydrolysis of steryl conjugates ; Analysis of sterols in rye
Effects of wholegrain foods and grain fibre in intestinal tract in relation to glucose metabolism : with an emphasis on wheat and rye bread effects
Summary.
Abstract: Disease susceptibility of cereal varieties in Finnish official variety trials 1997-2004.
A study on investigating the possible introduction of a Finnish rye bread product into the British market and the possible barriers.
Cold acclimation in winter rye (Secale cereale L.) : identification and characterization of proteins involved in freezing tolerance
Leib. Ilo & vägi = Bread. The beauty & the might
Virallisten lajikekokeiden tulokset 2001-2008 = Results of official variety trials 2001-2008
Abstract: A study on investigating the possible introduction of a Finnish rye bread product into the British market and the possible barriers. The research question in this dissertation is: Investigating the possibility to introduce a Finnish rye bread brand called 'Ruispalat' into the British consumer market and what are the possible barriers this product may face? This dissertation will look at the possibility of introducing an iconic Finnish rye bread brand into the British market. The product investigated in this study is called 'Ruispalat'. This particular bread is the most eaten bread in Finland for years. There are many health benefits, like the fact that with fiber you also get antioxidants, vitamins and minerals. It naturally helps to lower your cholesterol and decrease the risk of cancer and diabetes. Recommendation for the daily fiber intake is between 25-23g and one slice of 'Ruispalat' has 5.5 grams of fiber. Despite of its popularity in the Nordic countries, a matching product cannot be found on sale in the United Kingdom. The purpose is to identify differences between Finnish and British cultures and investigate how these differences affect the demand for the product. This dissertation also aims at discovering differences between the implications of the relevant literature and implications of the cross-sectional research. The research hypothesis for this is that the British have different taste preferences and that 'Ruispalat will face barriers associated with cultural differences. The research hypothesis is based on that people have strong variations of values, tastes, habits and preferences, large part of which is due to and affected by national culture. These factors affect the consumer response for 'Ruispalat' in the British market. The purpose of this dissertation is to investigate the kind of literature and information there is already available on this topic and how these can be of use in this particular case of 'Ruispalat'. Additionally, the objective is to find out what British people think about the product and whether they would buy it if it was available in the British market and reasons behind the answers to these questions. This dissertation also aims at identifying possible gaps in the literature or theories that ignore some aspects considered important in this dissertation. This dissertation will be significant in terms of providing information about how members of the British culture respond to the product. This information is based on quantitative research.
Triticale improvement and production
The signal and the noise : the art and science of prediction
The chemistry and technology of cereals as food and feed
Physiological and molecular analyses of cold acclimation of plants
Viljalajikkeiden taudinalttius virallisissa lajikekokeissa 1996-2003 = Disease susceptibility of cereal varieties in Finnish official variety trials 1996-2003
