http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p19564 prophets
prophets
Political satire in the Bible
Prophets in the Quran : an introduction to the Quran and muslim exegesis
Zulu mythology : as written and illustrated by the Zulu prophet Laduma Madela : Zulu and English
Cultic prophecy in the psalms
Ithbât an-nubuwwa : the proof of prophethood
The message of Abraham : his life, virtues, and mission
Introduction to the Prophets
The peerless pearl : a brief account of the life of Ḥaḍrat Muḥammad b. ʻAbn Allāh (S.A.W.A.), the holy prophet of Islam
Challenging prophetic metaphor : theology and ideology in the prophets
The concept of exile in ancient Israel and its historical contexts
"As those who are taught" : the interpretation of Isaiah from the LXX to the SBL
Muhammad at Medina
"Six Minor Prophets Through the Centuries is the work of highly respected biblical scholars, Jin H. Han and Richard Coggins. The volume explores the rich and complex reception history of the last six Minor Prophets in the exegesis, theology, worship, and arts of Judaism and Christianity, with Han focusing on Nahum, Habakkuk, and Zephaniah, and Coggins on Haggai, Zechariah, and Malachi. This latest title in the outstanding Blackwell Bible Commentary series is the only available text that covers these six prophets within a single volume, providing an essential reference for students, scholars, clergy, and general readers. The Minor Prophets have left a mark disproportionate to their length on the history of biblical reception. Suggestive allusions and references appear throughout ancient, medieval and modern literature, as well as in sculpture and paintings. Each has a special role to play in the Jewish and Christian traditions. Although the six books examined here are known to Christians as Minor Prophets, this epithet refers only to the length of their accounts, and not to their significance to believers, readers, and artists across the centuries"--
Post-exilic polemic over the priesthood -- Ezekiel 44 in modern scholarship -- History and hermeneutics, redaction and reception -- Methodological issues in examining inner-biblical interpretation -- Methodological issues in redaction-criticism -- Overview and prospect -- The rule of priests -- Yhwh's reproach of Israel -- The identity of the foreigners in Ezekiel 44 -- Isaiah 56 and its relationship to Ezekiel 44 -- Yhwh's reproach -- The word of Judgement -- The Levites of Ezekiel 44 -- A Torah concerning the Levites -- The sins of the past -- Bearing sin -- The sons of Zadok -- The composition of Ezekiel 44:6¿16 -- The rules for priests -- The continuation of the divine oracle in the priestly rules -- The priests and their inheritance -- The priests and their vestments -- Priestly conduct -- The instruction concerning hair -- The instruction concerning alcohol -- The instruction concerning marital partners -- The instruction concerning teaching and judicial roles -- The instruction concerning dead bodies -- The relationship between the instructions in Ezekiel 44 and Leviticus 10 and 21 -- The structure and composition of the rules in Ezekiel 44:20:27 -- The missing high priest -- Priestly perquisites -- A pentateuchal compendium -- A précis of priestly income -- Giving each its due -- The prohibition against consuming animal carcasses -- The composition of Eekiel 44:6:31 -- Zadok and the sons of Zadok in Second Temple Judaism -- Zadok and his family in the Book of Chronicles -- The sons of Zadok at Qumran and in the Damascus document -- The sons of Zadok in Ben Sira -- Josephus and the Zadokites -- The Sadducees -- Conclusion -- Conclusions -- Text and historical reality -- The end of the Zadokites -- The beginnings of the Levites -- The Hebrew Bible and the Dead Sea Scrolls.
Biblia Hebraica quinta. 13, The twelve minor prophets
Mixing metaphors : God as mother and father in Deutero-Isaiah
"Have you seen, Son of Man?" : a study in the translation and Vorlage of LXX Ezekiel 40-48
"Whether dealing with collective catastrophe or intimate trauma, recovering from emotional and physical hurt is hard. Kathleen O'Connor shows that although Jeremiah's emotionally wrought language can aggravate readers' memories of pain, it also documents the ways an ancient community, and the prophet personally, sought to restore their collapsed social world. Both prophet and book provide a traumatized community language to articulate disaster; move self-understanding from delusional security to identity as survivors; constitute individuals as responsible moral agents; portray God as equally afflicted by disaster; and invite a reconstruction of reality" -- Publisher description.
The fathers of the Church : a new translation. Vol. 124, Commentary on the Twelve Prophet, vol. 3
Lessons on Islamic doctrine. Book 3, Resurrection judgement and the hereafter
On that day
Early modes of exegesis : ideal figures in Malachi as a test case
The Oxford handbook of the prophets
By the soft lyres : the search for the prophet Elijah
The signs of a prophet : the prophetic actions of Jesus
The image of the Prophet between ideal and ideology : a scholarly investigation
The aesthetics of violence in the Prophets
The so called 'cartoon crisis' that arose in the wake of the publication of twelve satirical drawings of the Prophet Muhammad has been discussed in numerous ways. So far, however, the debate has not included a deeper analysis of why the desecration of Islam's prophet ignited such a response. Contrary to the claims of Islamic dogmaticism, the attributions regarding Muhammad's properties as a human being in Islamic culture in certain ways supersedes the cult for Allah. Muhammad is perceived as the perfect human being, and everything good about humanity consequently has Muhammad at its root. The disfavouring of Muhammad therefore is the disfavouring of any Muslim and of humanity as such. The article argues that the cartoons were interpreted more than anything else as a mockery of human dignity, and that the response was in defense of that rather than of Islamic dogmaticism.
The prophetic faith
The Book of the Twelve and the new form criticism
"El-Khadr" and the Prophet Elijah
Literary and psychological aspects of the Hebrew prophets
Basic forms of prophetic speech
The fulfilment of doom? : the dialogic interaction between the Book of Lamentations and the pre-exilic/early exilic prophetic literature
The prophetical stories : the narratives about the prophets in the Hebrew Bible : their literary types and history
Karl Barth and the Fifth Gospel : Barth's theological exegesis of Isaiah
Savonarola's women : visions and reform in Renaissance Italy
The God of the prophets : an analysis of divine action
Muhammad : a biography of the prophet
Power, politics, and prophecy : the character of Samuel and the Deuteronomistic evaluation of prophecy
The prophets of Israel
Prophets, performance, and power : performance criticism of the Hebrew Bible
Mani at the court of the Persian kings : studies on the Chester Beatty Kephalaia Codex
The message of Isaiah 40-55 : a literary-theological commentary
The lives of Muhammad
Lessons on Islamic doctrine. Book 2, The seal of the prophets and his message
The search for quotation : verbal parallels in the prophets
In Mani at the Court of the Persian Kings the authors explore evidence arising from their project to edit the Chester Beatty Kephalaia codex. This new text presents Mani at the heart of Sasanian Iran in dialogue with its sages and nobles, acting as a cultural mediator between East and West and interpreter of Christian, Iranian, and Indian traditions. Nine chapters study Mani's appropriation of the 'law of Zarades' and of Iranian epic; suggest a new understanding of his last days; and analyse his formative role in the history of late antique religions. These interdisciplinary studies advance research in several fields and will be of interest to scholars of Manichaeism, Sasanian Iran, and the development of religions in Late Antiquity.
The historical Muhammad
The life of the last prophet
The first Muslim : the story of Muhammad
The elusive prophet : the prophet as a historical person, literary character and anonymous artist : papers read at the eleventh joint meeting of the Society for Old Testament Study and het Oudtestamentische Werkgezelschap in Nederland en België held at Soesterberg 2000
The Cambridge companion to Muḥammad
Writings and speech in Israelite and ancient Near Eastern prophecy
Old Testament theology. Volume 1
St. Cyril of Alexandria : commentary on the twelve prophets. Vol. 2
The proofs of prophecy = Aʻlām al-nubūwah : a parallel English-Arabic text
The messenger : the life of Mohammed
The life of Muḥammad
Jeremiah : pain and promise
An inquiry about al-Mahdi and the last luminary
A critical and exegetical commentary on Micah, Zephaniah, Nahum, Habakkuk, Obadiah and Joel
The Hebrew prophets : an introduction
The prophets and the rise of Judaism
Satire and the Hebrew prophets
Anthropological papers. Numbers 49-56
Political speaking justified : women prophets and the English Revolution
Muhammad, prophet and statesman
The seer : the life of the prophet Samuel and its relevance today
Oracles of God : perceptions of ancient prophecy in Israel after the Exile
Israel's prophetic heritage : essays in honour of James Muilenburg
Jesus Christ, the son of Mary, and his blessed mother
"Contributors to this volume explore the theoretical issues at stake in recent changes in form criticism and the practical outcomes of applying the results of these theoretical shifts to the Book of the Twelve. This volume combines self-conscious methodological reflection with practical examination of specific texts in an effort to demonstrate the practical consequences of theoretical decisions and the value of certain methodological stances"--
Muhammad : the messenger of Allah
The life of Muhammad
Prophets in dialogue : inner-biblical allusions in Zechariah 1-8 and 9-14
Priestly rule : polemic and biblical interpretation in Ezekiel 44
Muhammad : aspects of his biography
International experts offer fresh insights into: (1) Review of Scholarship and Context; (2) Near Eastern Milieu; (3) Interpretation of Specific Passages; (4) Social Setting; (5) Literary Context, Including Qumran; (6) Reception in Judaism and Christianity; (7) Textual History; and (8) Theology of Daniel. This publication has also been published in hardback, please click here for details.
Resurrection judgement and the hereafter
Six minor prophets through the centuries
An interpretation of the twelve minor prophets of the Hebrew Bible : the emergence of eschatology as a theological theme
Introduction to the prophetic literature
"In modern times Amos has come to be considered one of the most important prophets, mainly for his uncompromising message about social justice. This book provides a detailed exploration of this theme and other important elements of the theology underlying the book of Amos. It also includes chapters on the text itself, providing a critical assessment of how the book came to be, the original message of Amos and his circle, which parts of the book may have been added by later scribes, and the finished form of the book. The author also considers the book,Ŵs reception in ancient and modern times by interpreters as varied as rabbis, the Church Fathers, the Reformers, and liberation theologians. Throughout, the focus is on how to read the book of Amos holistically to understand the organic development of the prophet,Ŵs message through the many stages of the book,Ŵs development and interpretation"--Provided by publisher.
Old Testament theology. Volume 2
Midnight tides : a tale of the Malazan book of the fallen
The seal of the prophets and his message
God and his attributes
I am large, I contain multitudes : lyric cohesion and conflict in Second Isaiah
The Blackwell companion to the Hebrew Bible
Apocalypticism, anti-semitism and the historical Jesus : subtexts in criticism
Past, present, future : the deuteronomistic history and the prophets
Lessons on Islamic doctrine. Book 1, God and his attributes
The book of Ezekiel and its influence
Prophets and prophecy in the ancient Near East
The prophetic literature : an introduction
This volume explores historical, literary, and ideological dimensions of the books of the Latter Prophets of the Hebrew Bible—Isaiah, Jeremiah, Ezekiel, and the Book of the Twelve—along with Daniel. The prophetic books comprise oracles, narratives, and vision reports from ancient Israel and Judah spanning several centuries. Analysis of these texts sheds light on the cultural norms, theological convictions, and political disputes of Israelite and Judean communities in the shadow of the empires of ancient Egypt, Babylonia, and Persia. This Handbook features discussion of ancient Near Eastern social and cultic contexts; exploration of focused topics such as divination and other ritual practices of intermediation; textual criticism of the prophetic books, constructions of the persona of the prophet, and the problem of violence in prophetic rhetoric; historical and literary analysis of key prophetic texts; issues in reception history, from early reinterpretation of prophetic texts at Qumran and readings in rabbinic midrash to medieval ecclesial interpretations and modern Christian homiletical appropriations; and feminist, womanist, materialist, postcolonial, and queer readings of prophetic texts in conversation with contemporary theorists.
The book of Daniel : composition and reception. Vol. 2
Where is the truth? : narrative exegesis and the question of true and false prophecy in Jer 26-29 (MT)
A history of prophecy in Israel
Studies in Isaiah 24-27 = The Isaiah Workshop = De Jesaja Werkplaats
St. Cyril of Alexandria : commentary on the twelve prophets. Vol. 1
Studies in the book of Nahum
The silence of Mohammed
Death's mistress : sister of darkness
The birth of the prophet Muḥammad : devotional piety in Sunni Islam
Mahomet and his successors
Prophecy after the prophets? : the contribution of the Dead Sea scrolls to the understanding of biblical and extra-biblical prophecy
The body royal : the social poetics of kingship in ancient Israel
Biblical prophets in the Qurʼān and Muslim literature
The book of Daniel : composition and reception. Vol. 1
The life of Mohammad : from original sources
"The book offers an up-to-date and readable introduction to the manifold literary and historical problems of biblical prophecy. Reinhard Gregor Kratz provides the reader with a clear analysis of the development of the institution of prophecy in ancient Israel and Second Temple Judaism. Through a close reading of the prophetic corpus he demonstrates that in biblical tradition we have to distinguish between the historical and the literary prophet."
Priests and prophets among pagans, Jews and Christians
Muhammad : a story of God's messenger and the revelation that changed the world
Living biographies of religious leaders
Prophecy in ancient Israel
The Burden of prophecy
The fifth mountain
Jesus : a prophet of Islam
Elijah as eschatological high priest : an examination of the Elijah tradition in Mal. 3:23-24
Prophets, prophecy, and prophetic texts in Second Temple Judaism
Prophetic oracles in the books of Isaiah and Ezekiel evidence tensions about the Jerusalem temple and its priesthood in Persian Yehud. MacDonald's Priestly Rule challenges the scholarly consensus about how these texts relate to each other. He demonstrates how important written prophetic oracles were in the early Jewish community and disputes the dominance of a Zadokite priestly family in the Second Temple period.
The prophets
The theology of the book of Amos
Prophecy and prophets : the diversity of contemporary issues in scholarship
Associations of cult prophets among the ancient Semites
Scribes, sages, and seers : the sage in the Eastern Mediterranean world
World Saviors and Messiahs of the Roman Empire, 28 bce-135 ce : the soterial age
Up the steep and stony road : the book of Zechariah in social location trajectory analysis
Micah : a commentary
Life of Muhammad
Kings & prophets : monarchic power, inspired leadership, & sacred text in biblical narrative
The nature and function of priesthood : a comparative and anthropological study
Elijah and Elisha in socioliterary perspective
Al-Kafi : the earliest & most important compilation of traditions from prophet Muhammad & his successors. Book 1, Intellect & Foolishness
The rhetorical function of the book of Ezekiel
Prophecy in its ancient Near Eastern context : Mesopotamian, biblical, and Arabian perspectives
Images and prophecy in the ancient eastern Mediterranean
Muhammad : prophet of Islam
The minor prophets : an exegetical and expository commentary
Rua and the Maori millennium
The priests in the prophets : the portrayal of priests, prophets, and other religious specialists in the latter prophets
Daughters of Miriam : women prophets in ancient Israel
Reading prophetic narratives
The prophetical conception of holiness
Muhammad the prophet and Arabia
Priests and cults in the Book of the Twelve
Reading prophetic books : form, intertextuality, and reception in prophetic and post-biblical literature
The message of prophets
Prophets male and female : gender and prophecy in the Hebrew Bible, the Eastern Mediterranean, and the ancient Near East
The eight century prophets : Amos, Hosea, Isaiaah, Micah. Bernhard W. Anderson
Muhammad : a story of the last prophet
Prophecy in the book of Jeremiah
The prestige of the pagan prophet Balaam in Judaism : early Christianity and Islam
In this volume Marvin A. Sweeney builds upon his former work "Form and Intertextuality in Prophetic and Apocalyptic Literature" (FAT 45, 2005). He introduces further studies that take up several key issues, including the reading of prophetic books in their final literary form and the significance of textual versions for this reading. He also observes the intertextual relationships between the prophets and other works of biblical and post-biblical literature, and the reception of the prophetic books. Following an introduction that lays out methodological perspective, it includes the title essay for the volume, "Reading Prophetic Books," as well as selections of papers devoted to Isaiah, Jeremiah in both its Masoretic and Septuagint forms, Ezekiel, individual books from the Twelve Prophets, and the reading of biblical texts in Qumran, Rabbinic, and Targumic literature.
Men of God : studies in Old Testament history and prophecy
Muhammad, prophet of God
The prophet Elijah in the development of Judaism : a depth-psychological study
Even though the earlier debates of the twentieth century have subsided, questions concerning the composition and genre of Daniel, the social setting of the work, its literary context, and its theology persist. Because of the Dead Sea Scrolls discoveries and advances in understanding the history of transmission, Daniel has found a new generation of scholars interested in its place in the Jewish and Christian scriptures. Collins and Flint have assembled a stellar international team to review the state of Danielic studies and the hot issues surrounding them. Of the thirty-two essays, only one has previously appeared. Articles on Second Temple Judaism, theology, apocalypticism, and the New Testament afford the foundational resources scholars require for doing their own detailed analysis.
Commentary on the twelve prophets
Dreams & visions in the world of Islam : a history of Muslim dreaming and foreknowing
Character ethics and the Old Testament : moral dimensions of Scripture
Alterity, pain and suffering in Isaiah, Jeremiah and Ezekiel
Perspectives on the formation of the Book of the Twelve : methodological foundations, redactional processes, historical insights
Weapons of mass defamation : aspects of the 2006 'Cartoon Crisis'
The tyranny of silence : how one cartoon ignited a global debate on the future of free speech
Twenty three years : a study of the prophetic career of Mohammad
Sworn enemies : the divine oath, the book of Ezekiel, and the polemics of exile
Is Paul also among the prophets? : an examination of the relationship between Paul and the Old Testament prophetic tradition in 2 Corinthians
Israel's prophets and Israel's past : essays on the relationship of prophetic texts and Israelite history in honor of John H. Hayes
