http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p19534 behaviour analysis
behaviour analysis
Multiple regression in behavioral research : explanation and prediction
This first definitive reference resource to take a broad interdisciplinary approach to the nexus between music and the social and behavioral sciences examines how music affects human beings and their interactions in and with the world. The interdisciplinary nature of the work provides a starting place for students to situate the status of music within the social sciences in fields such as anthropology, communications, psychology, linguistics, sociology, sports, political science and economics, as well as biology and the health sciences.
Staying safe at school
Treatment of obesity in children : a study on the efficacy of a family-based group program compared with routine counselling
Behavioral, social, and emotional assessment of children and adolescents
Beginning qualitative research : a philosophic and practical guide
Data mining and predictive analysis : intelligence gathering and crime analysis
Statistical power analysis for the behavioral sciences
An irreverent, provocative, and visually fascinating look at what our online lives reveal about who we really are--and how this deluge of data will transform the science of human behavior. Big Data is used to spy on us, hire and fire us, and sell us things we don't need. In Dataclysm, Christian Rudder puts this flood of information to an entirely different use: understanding human nature. Drawing on terabytes of data from Twitter, Facebook, Reddit, OkCupid, and many other sites, Rudder examines the terrain of human experience. He charts the rise and fall of America's most reviled word through Google Search, examines the new dynamics of collaborative rage on Twitter, and traces human migration over time, showing how groups of people move from certain small towns to the same big cities across the globe. And he grapples with the challenge of maintaining privacy in a world where these explorations are possible. Audacious, entertaining, and illuminating, Dataclysm is a portrait of our essential selves--and a first look at a revolution in the making. --
Consumer behavior knowledge for effective sports and event marketing
"Written by veteran law enforcement and family counseling professionals, the second edition of this guidebook shows students and parents how to stay safe at school. The book pinpoints personal safety issues of importance to all educators and explains how to analyze schools for security risks. It also includes proven methods for averting crime, improving school safety, and avoiding becoming a victim. Additional chapters explore teachers liability and rights and discuss the concept of emotional survival"-- Provided by publisher.
An introduction to psychological science : basic processes in the analysis of behaviour
Applied multivariate data analysis
The Sage handbook of qualitative research
Ecobehavioral consultation in schools : theory and practice for school psychologists, special educators and school counselors
Eliciting and analyzing expert judgement : a practical guide
Cram101 textbook outlines to accompany Systems of psychotherapy : a tanstheoretical analysis [sic]
Dataclysm : who we are (when we think no one's looking)
"Ball shows how much we can understand of human behavior when we cease to try to predict and analyze the behavior of individuals and instead look to the impact of individual decisions-whether in circumstances of cooperation or conflict-can have on our laws, institutions and customs."--From publisher description.
Applicability of factor analysis in the behavioral sciences : a methodological study
Framing democracy : a behavioral approach to democratic theory
The scientific use of factor analysis in behavioral and life sciences
Applied multiple regression : correlation analysis for the behavioral sciences
Methods of meta-analysis : correcting error and bias in research findings
Use of conceptual models in case studies : dynamic concept analysis
The effects of coding bias on estimates of behavioral similarity in serial murder research
Reality therapy, a new approach to psychiatry
Dataclysm : who we are* *when we think no one's looking
Applying regression & correlation : a guide for students and researchers
Essential psychotherapies : theory and practice
Latent class and latent transition analysis : with applications in the social behavioral, and health sciences
Research methods in psychology
Theory and practice of counseling and psychotherapy
Sequential Analysis and Observational Methods for the Behavioral Sciences
Observing interaction : an introduction to sequential analysis
Behavioral assessment : a practical handbook
This book presents quantitative, qualitative, and mixed methods research designs in education and the social and behavioral sciences using consistent terminology, and in a way that students can understand and apply in their own investigations.
Research methods in the social sciences
Critical mass : how one thing leads to another
Critical incidents in group therapy
Music in the social and behavioral sciences : an encyclopedia / Volume 2, J-Z
Analysing qualitative data in psychology
Fuzzy set analysis for behavioral and social sciences
The Blackwell encyclopedia of social psychology
Applied multiple regression/correlation analysis for the behavioral sciences
Behavioral finance during financial crisis in a banking company
An introduction to multilevel modeling techniques : MLM and SEM approaches using Mplus
Applied behavior analysis
Highlights of modern psychiatry
Multivariate procedures for the behavioral sciences
Solutions manual for Designing experiments and analyzing data : a model comparison perspective, 2nd ed
The general inquirer : a computer approach to content analysis
An empirical comparison of six factorization methods
Qualitative analysis for social scientists
Designing experiments and analyzing data : a model comparison perspective
Criminal profiling : an introduction to behavioral evidence analysis
Integrating information in conceptual models : use of an information structure in building conceptual models for behavioural studies
Theory and practice of counselling and therapy
Dynamic concept analysis (DCA) : integrating information in conceptual models
Principles and practice of behavioral assessment
Scientific selling : creating high-performance sales teams through applied psychology and testing
Theory construction and data analysis in the behavioral sciences
Advances in Positive Organizational Psychology
Covering the key research methods, both qualitative and quantitative, this work takes into account developments in the techniques in psychology and across the social sciences.
Systems of psychotherapy : a transtheoretical analysis
Introduction to time series analysis
Behavior analysis for effective teaching
Introducing ANOVA and ANCOVA : a GLM approach
The verbal behavior approach : how to teach children with autism and related disorders
Social work treatment : interlocking theoretical approaches
Psychoanalysis and behavior therapy : toward an integration
Trauma : contemporary directions in theory, practice, and research
The comprehensive handbook of school safety
Fundamental statistics for the behavioral sciences
Anorexia, murder, and suicide : what can be learned from the stories of three remarkable patients
Special educational needs : a guide for inclusive practice
An applied reference guide to research designs : quantitative, qualitative, and mixed methods
For undergraduate courses in cost-benefit analysis. A practical introduction to cost-benefit analysis through problem solving. This authoritative, market-leading text is known for its consistent application of a nine-step framework for conducting or interpreting a cost-benefit analysis. This edition includes a number of chapters that have been revised and reorganized to make the material clearer and more accessible.
Evidence-based educational methods
European journal of behavior analysis
Multiple Regression in Behavioral Research adopts a data-analysis approach to multiple regression. Pedhazur integrates design and analysis, and emphasizes learning by example and critiques of published research. Features: Pedhazur places strong emphasis on the application of regression analysis to various research problems. He discusses major research studies and journal articles in conjunction with specific methods presented. This emphasis gives students a critical appreciation of how methods are used and abused in various research areas. Chapters 11-15 discuss various coding methods for categorical variables. This detailed explanation teaches students the properties of different coding methods and their suitability for specific tasks. Multiple Regression introduces path analysis and structural equation models, including indices of fit and decomposition of effects. This information, in Part 3, exposes students to recent developments in the field. New to this edition: Pedhazur demonstrates applications of all analytic approaches with detailed analyses of simple numerical examples. He uses the most recent versions of BMDP, MINITAB, SAS, and SPSS, provides examples of the computer outputs, and comments on them in detail. The latest versions of EQS and LISREL programs for the structural equation modeling are also introduced and used for analyzing causal models with single indicators (path analysis) and multiple indicators or unobserved variables. New chapters include Chapter 3, Regression Diagnostics, Chapter 16, Elements of Multilevel Analysis and Chapter 17, Categorical Dependent Variable: Logistic Regression.
Leveraging emotion and word-based features for antisocial behavior detection in user-generated content
Informative hypotheses : theory and practice for behavioral and social scientists
