http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p19554 Thomism
Thomism
Sacramental forgiveness as a gift of God : Thomas Aquinas on the sacrament of penance
The philosophy of Aquinas
Aquinas's notion of pure nature and the Christian integralism of Henri de Lubac : not everything is grace
Humanism in medieval concepts of man and society
Liberty, right and nature : individual rights in later scholastic thought
St. Thomas Aquinas
Natural and divine law : reclaiming the tradition for Christian ethics
Fergus Kerr, OP is one of the foremost Catholic theologians of his generation. His works are widely read by specialists and students in the UK, North America and across the world. His Theology after Wittgenstein is regarded as a seminal work in philosophical theology. His After Aquinas: Versions of Thomism and Twentieth Century Catholic Theologians are two of the finest student-focussed introductions to their topics currently available. The essays in this collection cover the two key areas of Kerrs contribution: the relationship between theology and philosophy, focusing particularly on Thomism; and twentieth century Catholic thought. These themes provide the volumes coherence. A key strength of this volume lies in the stature of its contributors. These include the Canadian Catholic philosopher and Templeton-laureate Charles Taylor, Stanley Hauerwas, John Milbank, David Burrell and Denys Turner. A number of younger contributors, representing the influence of Kerr over several generations, are also represented.
Augustine and postmodern thought : a new alliance against modernity?
Aquinas and the Ship of Theseus : solving puzzles about material objects
Good & evil actions : a journey through Saint Thomas Aquinas
Aquinas as authority : a collection of studies presented at the Second Conference of the Thomas Instituut te Utrecht, December 14-16, 2000
This book is the first exploration of the remarkable odyssey of Thomas Aquinas in the Orthodox Christian world, from the Byzantine to the modern era. Aquinas was received with astonishing enthusiasm across the Byzantine theological spectrum. By contrast, modern Orthodox readings of Aquinas have been resoundingly negative, routinely presenting Aquinas as the archetype of as a specifically Western form of theology against which the Orthodox East must set its face. Basing itself primarily on a close study of the Byzantine reception of Thomas, this study rejects such hackneyed dichotomies, arguing instead for a properly catholic or universal construal of Orthodoxy - one in which Thomas might once again find a place. In its probing of the East-West dichotomy, this book questions the widespread juxtaposition of Gregory Palamas and Thomas Aquinas as archetypes of opposing Greek and Latin theological traditions. The long period between the Fall of Constantinople and the Russian Revolution, conventionally written off as an era of sterility and malformation for Orthodox theology, is also viewed with a fresh perspective. Study of the reception of Thomas in this period reveals a theological sophistication and a generosity of vision that is rarely accounted for. In short, this is a book which radically re-thinks the history of Orthodox theology through the prism of the fascinating and largely untold story of Orthodox engagement with Aquinas.
The one and the many : A contemporary thomistic metaphysics
The perspective of morality : philosophical foundations of Thomistic virtue ethics
Rewritten theology : Aquinas after his readers
Thomas Aquinas' trinitarian theology : a study in theological method
Mind, metaphysics, and value in the Thomistic and analytical traditions
The theology of Thomas Aquinas
The concept of faith : a philosophical investigation
Christ and spirituality in St. Thomas Aquinas
Durandus of St. Pourçain : a Dominican theologian in the shadow of Aquinas
Dynamic transcendentals : truth, goodness, and beauty from a Thomistic perspective
Contingency and fortune in Aquinas's ethics
Perfecting human actions : St. Thomas Aquinas on human participation in eternal law
Contemplating Aquinas : on the varieties of interpretation
Scholastic challenges to some mediaeval and modern ideas
To heaven and maybe to Harvard - exploring the educational philosophy of a community of home school parents
Thomas Aquinas : faith, reason, and following Christ
Wisdom, law, and virtue : essays in Thomistic ethics
Thomas Aquinas on the passions : a study of Summa Theologiae : 1a2ae 22-48
The Trinitarian theology of Saint Thomas Aquinas
Selected philosophical writings
The logic of desire : Aquinas on emotion
Nature as reason : a Thomistic theory of the natural law
Veritas divina : Aquinas on divine truth : some philosophy of religion
Aquinas on the emotions : a religious-ethical inquiry
The specification of human actions in St. Thomas Aquinas
After Aquinas : versions of Thomism
Thomas Aquinas is widely recognized as one of history's most significant Christian theologians and one of the most powerful philosophical minds of the western tradition. But what has often not been sufficiently attended to is the fact that he carried out his theological and philosophical labours as a part of his vocation as a Dominican friar, dedicated to a life of preaching and the care of souls. Fererick Christian Bauerschmidt places Aquinas's thought within the context of that vocation, and argues that his views on issues of God, creation, Christology, soteriology, and the Christian life are both shaped by and in service to the distinctive goals of the Dominicans. What Aquinas says concerning both matters of faith and matters of reason, as well as his understanding of the relationship between the two, are illuminated by the particular Dominican call to serve God through handing on to others through preaching and teaching the fruits of one's own theological reflection.
" Acclaimed as the best book ever written on St. Thomas, this outstanding profile introduces one of Christianity's most important and influential thinkers. G. K. Chesterton chronicles the saint's life, focusing on the man and the events that shaped him, rather than on theology. In a concise, witty, and eminently readable narrative, he illustrates the relevance of St. Thomas' achievements to modern readers. Born into an aristocratic family, Thomas rejected a life of privilege to join a new order of preaching and teaching monks, the Dominicans. Chesterton compares Thomas' views to those of another famous thirteenth-century figure, St. Francis of Assisi. He also explores the influence of Aristotelian philosophy on Thomas' character, along with the effects of Parisian culture, society, and politics. The final chapter examines the impact of Thomas' work on later religious thinkers, including Martin Luther. This brief but vivid profile provides fascinating glimpses into the medieval scholastic movement, and it presents an excellent beginning to further explorations of St. Thomas Aquinas' works.Reprint of the Sheed & Ward, New York, 1938 edition. " -- (Dover Publishing)
St. Thomas Aquinas and the natural law tradition : contemporary perspectives
Art and intellect in the philosophy of Étienne Gilson
The power of God
Radical Platonism in Byzantium : Illumination and Utopia in Gemistos Plethon
Saint Thomas Aquinas. Vol. 1, The person and his work
The difficult good : a Thomistic approach to moral conflict and human happiness
A short history of Thomism
Faithful reading : new essays in theology and philosophy in honour of Fergus Kerr, OP
Byzantium has recently attracted much attention, but principally among cultural, social and economic historians. This book shifts the focus to philosophy and intellectual history, exploring the thought-world of visionary reformer Gemistos Plethon (c.1355–1452). It argues that Plethon brought to their fulfilment latent tendencies among Byzantine humanists towards a distinctive anti-Christian and pagan outlook. His magnum opus, the pagan Nomoi, was meant to provide an alternative to and escape-route from the disputes over the Orthodoxy of Gregory Palamas and Thomism. It was also a groundbreaking reaction to the bankruptcy of a pre-existing humanist agenda and to aborted attempts at the secularisation of the State, whose cause Plethon had himself championed in his two utopian Memoranda. Inspired by Plato, Plethon's secular utopianism and paganism emerge as the two sides of a single coin. On another level, the book challenges anti-essentialist scholarship that views paganism and Christianity as social and cultural constructions.
It could have been otherwise : contingency and necessity in Dominican theology at Oxford, 1300-1350
Introduction to Saint Thomas Aquinas
Person and community : selected essays
The work of Lorenzo Valla (1406-57) has enjoyed renewed attention in recent years, as have new critical editions of his texts. One of the most interesting interpreters of Valla, Salvatore I. Camporeale, O.P., had a following among scholars who read Italian, but very little of his work saw the light in English before his death in 2002. This book presents two of Camporeale's studies on Valla in English, which examine in detail two of Valla's works: his treatise on the Donation of Constantine (undoubtedly the work for which Valla is best known) and his Encomium of Saint Thomas Aquinas, delivered publicly in the last year of Valla's life and, in Camporeale's reading, summing up Valla's multi-faceted thought.
Theological Texts
Summa theologica
A history of philosophy. Volume 9 : Maine de Biran to Sartre
A history of Western philosophy. 2, The medieval mind
Thomas Aquinas : God and explanations
Praeambula fidei : Thomism and the God of the philosophers
Orthodox readings of Aquinas
Thomist realism and the linguistic turn : toward a more perfect form of existence
A history of philosophy. Volume 9, Modern Philosophy : from the French revolution to Sartre, Camus and Lévi-Strauss
Double-effect reasoning : doing good and avoiding evil
Faithful reason : essays Catholic and philosophical
Faith lies at the heart of human life, and not just in religious contexts. But just what is faith? In this book William Lad Sessions ventures a new approach to this age-old problem. Viewing it in global terms, he provides an effective and insightful set of analytical tools for deepening our understanding of the ideas of belief.
The unchanging God of love : Thomas Aquinas and contemporary theology on divine immutability
Aquinas on God : the "divine science" of the Summa theologiae
A short history of medieval philosophy
Narrative and the natural law : an interpretation of Thomistic ethics
Summa theologiæ : a concise translation
Aquinas on scripture : an introduction to his biblical commentaries
Christian philosophy
Analogia entis : on the analogy of being, metaphysics, and the act of faith
Analytical Thomism : traditions in dialogue
Christianity, latinity, and culture : two studies on Lorenzo Valla
Thomas Aquinas : a very short introduction
