http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p19533 youth plays
youth plays young people's plays
Shakespeare's stories
Hold me closer : the Tiny Cooper story. A companion to the award-winning bestseller Will Grayson, Will Grayson
Sexton
"A bird that is born for joy" : nature, education, and trauma in David Almond's My name is Mina and Wild Girl, Wild Boy
Two plays for young people
Antler steps out of her front door and throws her phone to the ground. She stamps on it. Then she climbs the tallest tree in the park. She doesn't want to be found, not by anyone. Over the course of one autumnal evening, seven teenagers' lives intertwine as they make their way through the park. And everything that seemed normal becomes extraordinary. A play about protest, power and protecting yourself.
She's The Man
Girls like that : and other plays for teenagers
Connections 500 : plays for young people
Center stage : one-act plays for teenage readers and actors
One on one : playing with a purpose : monologues for kids ages 7-15
Scenes keep happening : more real-life snapshots of teen lives
Harry Potter and the cursed child : a new play. Parts one and two
For the first time, there is an anthology of monologues for young people available, taken from plays commissioned as part of the National Theatre Connections over the past 20 years. Always drawing together the work of 10 leading playwrights - a mixture of established and current writers – the annual National Theatre Connections anthologies offer young performers between the ages of 13 and 19 an engaging selection of plays to perform, read or study. Each play is specifically commissioned by the National Theatre's literary department and reflects the past year's programming at the venue in the plays' ideas, themes and styles. The plays are performed by approximately 200 schools and youth theatre companies across the UK and Ireland, in partnership with multiple professional regional theatres where the works are showcased. This anthology of 100 monologues is the ideal resource for teenagers and young people attending auditions either in the amateur or professional theatre world; students leaving secondary school to audition for drama school; as well as teachers of English and Drama looking for suitable dramatic for their students to engage with and perform. It provides suitable scene-study books that are suitable and relevant to the student in terms of tone, style and content. Young actors who have searched for audition material written in the voice of teenage characters will welcome this resource.
David Almond : memory and magic
Polaroid stories : an adaptation of Ovid's Metamorphoses
National Theatre Connections monologues : speeches for young actors
Drawing together the work of 12 leading playwrights, this National Theatre Connections anthology celebrates highlights from 21 years of the Connections festival with a retrospective selection of plays. Featuring work by some of the most prolific playwrights of the 20th and 21st centuries, and together in one volume, the anthology offers young performers between the ages of 13 and 19 an engaging selection of plays to perform, read or study. Each play has been specifically commissioned by the National Theatre's literary department over the years, with the young performer in mind. In 2016, these plays were then performed by approximately 500 schools and youth theatre companies across the UK and Ireland, in partnership with multiple professional partner regional theatres at which the works were showcased. The anthology contains all 12 of the play scripts; notes from the writer and director of each play, addressing the themes and ideas behind the play; and production notes and exercises for the drama groups.
Remote
She's the man
Stomp the yard
