http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p19527 graduation
graduation
Career development of graduates : the case of Turku university of applied sciences
Staying or leaving? : willingness and reasons of trainees to migrate after finishing their vocational education  in Kuopio (Finland) and Halle/Saale (Germany)
Matching graduates and jobs in China : case study: graduades and universities in the Chongqing Region
The new recruit
Economic studies on higher education and productivity
Exploring opportunities to boost adult students' graduation : the reasons behind the delays and drop-outs of graduation
Sixteen-year-old Liam is naturally bright and sharp, but directionless. He's a thrill seeker by nature until one night a stunt goes horribly wrong and his best friend is killed. Liam is devastated. Fast forward a year and Liam is training to be a soldier, desperate to forget his past and wanting to move on and make something of his life / WorldCat.
Cumulative inertia or cumulative stress? Migration behaviour of Finnish graduates
Nurse competence of graduating nursing students
Noughties
Abstract.
Why not start younger? : implications of the timing and duration of schooling for fertility, human capital, productivity, and public pensions
Caleb's crossing
"It is no secret that American graduate education is in disarray. Graduate students take too long to complete their studies and face a dismal academic job market if they succeed. The Graduate School Mess gets to the root of these problems and offers concrete solutions for revitalizing graduate education in the humanities. Leonard Cassuto, professor and graduate education columnist for The Chronicle of Higher Education, argues that universities' heavy emphasis on research comes at the expense of teaching. But teaching is where reforming graduate school must begin. Cassuto says that graduate education must recover its mission of public service. Professors should revamp the graduate curriculum and broaden its narrow definition of success to allow students to create more fulfilling lives for themselves both inside and outside the academy. Cassuto frames the current situation foremost as a teaching problem: professors rarely prepare graduate students for the demands of the working worlds they actually join. He gives practical advice about how faculty can teach and advise graduate students by committing to a student-centered approach. In chapters that follow the career of the graduate student from admissions to the dissertation and placement, Cassuto considers how each stage of graduate education is shaped by unexamined assumptions and ancient prejudices that need to be critically confronted. Written with verve and infused with history. The Graduate School Mess returns our national conversation about graduate study in the humanities to first principles."--Rabat de la Jaquette.
Woodworking plans and projects : 30 projects to make
Take this advice : the best graduation speeches ever given
The graduate school mess : what caused it and how we can fix it
Life after... art and design : a practical guide to life after your degree
Abstract: A teacher as an improver of overall well-being in school : how teacher in upper secondary education regulate their dialogue and authenticity.
Product design for manufacture and assembly
From education to working life : the labour market outcomes of vocational education and training
Becoming a scholar : the dynamic interaction between the doctoral student and the scholarly community
