http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p19559 internal communication
internal communication
Improving internal information flow : case: The Case Company
Digitization of the communication and its implications for marketing
Internal communication problems in a multinational company Lamor Group
Piloting unified communications solution in enterprise
The most effective communication channel to spread information in an organization
Development of internal communication : case Cosfim
The purpose of this thesis is to find out how to make communication in a virtual working team more efficient, so that work processes and outcomes do not suffer from shortcomings in the information flow and team communication. In order to improve information flow in a team of a global company, the study of communication processes within a virtual team was conducted. The results of the study provide benefits to the case company because improved communication in dispersed teams results in time savings, cost savings, increased efficiency and higher motivation among the employees. The theoretical framework was based on a wide scope of literature and internet sources regarding communication in virtual teams and management of information flow within them. The practical part of study was based on the results of qualitative survey which was held in November 2009. The purpose of the survey was to find out the team members' perception towards internal communication within the dispersed team and the level of satisfaction with it, as well as the usage of the communication channels within the particular virtual team. The results of the online survey also assisted in defining the current shortcomings in internal communication of the case team and clarifying the reasons why these shortcomings are present within the team. Special attention was paid to the e-mail communication channel, as it was the most commonly used channel by the contact person from the company management.  The project was initiated in October 2009. The interviews have been conducted within a month from the beginning. The results have been analyzed and conclusions have been made in the period from February to March 2010. The work has been finalized in April 2010. Despite all the advantages of virtual working teams, the most of which are presented in this paper, there are communication problems which constantly occur in dispersed teams due to the fact that they are more challenging to manage than classic co-located teams. The communication processes which take place in dispersed teams are more complex and require further studies. During the research process some general key findings concerning communication and information flow in dispersed teams have been made and pointed out as the essential elements of successful virtual communication in the summary. The potential solutions for the shortcomings in communication processes within the researched virtual team are also provided in this paper. The objectives set for the study were fully met.
An internal marketing approach to change implementation : a travel management perspective, case VTT : moving to self-service with an online booking tool
Supporting employee engagement with internal communication for high reliability
Towards a democratic EU : online communication ia an organisational and civil context
Organisational communication development : International Business degree programme
Corporate storytelling : planning and creating internal communications
Developing internal communication in a global B2B company : case: Company X
Challenges in an inter-organisational information system implementation : participatory view
Sage annual reviews of communication research. Vol. 13, Organizational communication : traditional themes and new directions
Internal commucation issues in a multinational company: Logonet Group
The dynamics of organizational communication
Creating an Internal Communications Development Plan for Sandvik Mining and Construction
Effective organisational communication : perspectives, principles and practices
Developing internal communication at Salon Seudun Puhelin Oy
Decision making and decision communication in an engineer based organization
This thesis covers internal and managerial communication at Lähitaksi Oy. The research concentrates on different internal communication channels and their functionality. This thesis offers a look into internal and managerial communication of this company. The idea for this thesis came from my personal experience of working there. The main aim of this research is to find out how communication between upper management and workers of Lähitaksi is handled and how it could be developed. It describes the internal and managerial communication channels. Since there was no previous study made about this in Lähitaksi, this research can be used to help develop communication in these areas. The first part in this thesis is a theoretical framework. It describes what internal communication of a company consists of and what essential things internal communication needs in order to help make a business successful. The specific communication channels are introduced in this section. The theory also describes managerial communication. The section about managerial communication describes the role of management in a company and what is required of a good manager. This research shows that there is no actual communication channel between upper management and workers, and this affects communication. Workers feel that they do not get enough information from upper management and that it does not actually communicate with them at all. However, upper management feels that it "respects the workers' privacy" and always does inform about new things effectively, utilizing lower management.
Six Sigma-based change management program at Hotel Kämp
Improving information flow in virtual teams in a global company
COMMUNICATION GAPS AT SEASONAL RESTAURANT
Internal communication analysis for KidsOn Oy : the comparison of russian and finnish cultures at a workplace
Study on managers' role in internal marketing communication
The subject of this Bachelor's Thesis is internal communication at Lamor Group. The aim of the research was to find out how satisfied the personnel of Lamor companies is with internal communication, what matters the personnel would like to receive more information on, what are communication channels preferred to use and finding possible suggestions for improvement organizational internal communication in the company. Lamor is a family owned Finnish company founded in 1982, which specializes in environmental technology. The company is a market leader at the moment. It has a strong economical and financial position. It is a dynamically growing company which employs at the moment 67 persons. The theoretical part of the thesis consists of general information on organizational communication, internal communication, three basic theories of communication (Laswell's Theory on Affectivity of communication, Shannon's and Weaver's Mathematical Theory of Communication and Newcomb's Minimal A-B-X System), forms and channels of internal communication and problems in communication caused my multiculturalism. The empirical part is carried out by a qualitative research using a questionnaire. The number of returned questionnaires was 40 from the total 67 distributed. The research results show that the personnel of Lamor Group are not quite satisfied with the current internal communication.
Improving inter-departmental communication by training at Hilton Helsinki Airport hotel
It's my business to know : studies in communication
Human communication and information systems
Implementation plan of an internal communication strategy
Info bulletin : GWS Systems oy's internal information bulletin
Functionality and Interactivity of Internal Communication in a Multicultural Organisation : Case: Lufthansa Cargo Finland
Developing knowledge management and internal communication through a virtual workspace. Case: Company X
The objective of this research was to complete an auditing research on employee satisfaction of the Sisäpiha intranet as a channel of internal communication among the personnel of the Ministry of Education. The results of this research were to provide background information for intranet reform at the Ministry of Education that will take place in 2008. The goal of this reform is to make Sisäpiha intranet more user-friendly. Research on the entire internal communication situation of the Ministry of Education was conducted by Viestintä Oy Intercom in 2003. Satisfaction regarding Sisäpiha was one part of this research. The results of previous research on it were compared with the results of this research in order to see how the overall level of satisfaction regarding the intranet has evolved. The research problem was threefold, and consisted of the following questions: 1. How satisfied are employees with Sisäpiha as a channel of internal communication? 2. How could Sisäpiha be improved in order to serve its users better? 3. How has satisfaction regarding Sisäpiha changed since earlier research was carried out?    Both quantitative and qualitative research methods were used in the empirical part of this research. An electronic questionnaire was created, which contained both closed and open questions. The entire personnel of the Ministry of Education, 365 persons in February 2007, performed the research group. A total of 95 people answered the questionnaire, yielding a response rate of 26%. The answers to the closed questions were analyzed statistically and the answers to the open questions were analyzed by using the content analysis method.     According to the results Sisäpiha was widely used among personnel and it was considered as an important channel of internal communication. It was ranked as the fourth most important internal communication channel and the most important written internal communication channel. The respondents considered Sisäpiha primarily to be a tool and a means of information storage. However, 70% of the respondents thought that Sisäpiha could also be utilized for internal discussion. The downsides of the current Sisäpiha were its somewhat illogical information architecture and long link paths, which made information retrieval more difficult. Furthermore, the search engine did not provide accurate enough results and the pages often contained information that was out of date. When compared to the results of earlier research the usage of and satisfaction with Sisäpiha have both increased. However, the same shortcomings that emerged from previous research were still shown to exist to some degree in this research. These shortcomings still need to be overcome in order to make Sisäpiha more efficient.
The management communication in Lähitaksi Oy
This study is a research work that focuses on Small and Medium sized Enterprises that are considering  implementing an Intranet system. The primary objective is to illuminate an intranet solution for  ChaguaIT.  Based on the assumption that the subscriber is new to intranet use, an introductory chapter on Intranet is explained, therefore providing a base platform for the reader to have a clear understanding on the importance of intranet use in today's business processes. The study discusses the various solutions free and commercial with intent of recommending the most suitable for ChaguaIT.  It further examines the case where by it evaluates the needs of the subscriber and correlate with the  readily available solutions. By so doing it recommends a course of action to meet the company demands. A trial version of the ideal solution was put to test and feedback collected through questionnaire was analyzed. The result of the study clearly showed that SME's could now reap the benefits formally realized only by large big spending corporations. This is as a result of the availability  and technological breakthroughs that have allowed for credible in-expensive solutions.
The aim of this thesis was to study SKS Group Oy's intranet as a channel of organisational communication. Another purpose was to study how employees of this organisation regard their own recently-developed intranet, SKS Info. This was carried out in autumn 2006 and now, after some time has passed, research of some sort proved to be necessary in order to find out whether this new intranet really does serve all parties equally or whether some changes still need to be made. Intranets have gained a tremendous foothold in today's organisations. At their best they can be efficient and fast tools that support employees in their daily routines. An intranet is undeniably one of the most used tools for internal communication within an organisation. For the same reason it also strongly competes with other vital channels of internal communication such as email or face-to-face communication. No matter how modern and accessible an intranet might be, it also has its downsides. In this thesis I am hoping to observe this fact objectively, taking into consideration both the advantages and the disadvantages of the intranet as a communication channel. In order for this thesis to be of value to the organisation in question, I examined its intranet as a tool for internal communication from SKS's point of view. Its personnel is somewhat spread out geographically; this is something that needs to be taken into account when deciding all the elements its intranet should have. The empirical data concentrates on a questionnaire distributed in summer 2007; conclusions are based on the situation at that time. I am hoping this thesis will not only correspond to the opinions of SKS employees but that its results and conclusions will give some ideas on how to help transform SKS's intranet, SKS Info, into a straightforward and valuable tool that will help employees both reach their goals and strive for better results.
Implementation of Microsoft Office Communicator and its effect to internal communication : case: Mehiläinen Oy
Quality Manual for the Sales Department and Internal Information Flow within Arctic Finland House
Organizational communication : approaches and processes
Internal communication at Company X
Alma Media's new visual indentity and an internal launch
Internal brand communication : a compact brand manual for Creanio Oy employees
Principles of corporate communication
The role of internal communication within an organization
The aim of this thesis was to find out how well Microsoft Office Communicator can help the employees of Mehiläinen Oy and will it change the communication culture within Mehiläinen Oy. Under the scrutiny were also the challenges concerning Mehiläinen Oy's ICT-infrastructure; can Office Communicator be installed on thin client environment. The needed equipment from the end users' point a view was also introduced. One part of the thesis was to install the needed software for the test group and make Office Communicator familiar to the end-users. The workstation installations of Office Communicator were carried out mainly remotely by the author of the thesis. Short introduction to the end-users were given alongside with the installation. The research method used was case study. At the end of the installation project, some of the key persons of the test group were interviewed. The theory covers the challenges of future work place and deals with the fact that work is not tied to a place and time. Also team work is mentioned in the theory, because of the PR-departments role in the OC test group. Based on the experiences of the author and the interviews made to the key persons, the answers to the research problems of the thesis were solved. According to the findings it can be said that the OC has helped the employees of the Mehiläinen Oy. OC instant messaging has had little influence on emails and phone calls. Video Conference calls have not decreased work-related travelling significantly, since teams have used Sonera Anytime con-ference calls before OC. However the interviewees felt that OC Video Conference Calls has made the remote meetings more pleasant and easier to organize. The Office Communicator 2007 client can only be installed on PC or laptop, since all the features were not possible to use in Thin Client. The recommendation for the future is to spread the user group to cover all the laptop and PC users. The Live Meeting client should be taken in use to improve the video conference meet-ings. The possibilities to bring OC part of the Citrix environment should be examined in the future.
The essentials of corporate communications and public relations
Transfer of strategic knowledge within a multinational corporation between the headquarter and a subunit
Business Communication Practices : modern trends
Functionality and interactivity of internal communication in a multicultural organisation : case: Lufthansa Cargo Finland
Lovely Market consumer promise delivery through internal communications at AM House
Internal brand identity : case: Feelmax Oy
Assessing escalation of commitment as an antecedent of noncompliance with information security policy
Internal communications and the effect on employee engagement
Change management : the role of internal communication in facilitating change, case: Lufthansa Cargo
Implementing corporate responsibility through internal communication on a global scale
The work/organisation culture of a business to business service provider : the insights of team A versus team B
Public relations : the profession and the practice
Internal communication problems in a multinational company : Lamor Group
Understanding the role of communication in the management accounting and control process
Internal communication during an organizational change : an ethnographic case study
Communication gaps can be devastating for any business in today's competitive and fast paced environment. In the hospital setting, it can literally be a matter of life or death. The purpose of the project was to develop and evaluate the effect of three evidence-based internal communication practices on employee engagement for pediatric hospital in Louisville, KY. This was the first known systematic investigation of communication strategies in a hospital setting. The evidence based practices include: Interactive Employee Forums, Wednesday Weekly newsletter and a Communication Portal page. After one year of this practice change, the following questions were asked and evaluated: Will internal communication practices have a significant impact on this hospital employee engagement? As compared to peer institutions within this multi-hospital organization, will this pediatric hospital have a greater increase in mean engagement scores, as a result of these practices? The result were not statistically significant, however some ceiling effect was observed. The pediatric hospital did increase percentage of engaged by 3%, the highest improvement of all five hospitals within the system.
Making a successful acquisition : point of view of the personnel
The aim of this thesis was to find out how the acquisition process and the transition period went from the point of view of the personnel in the acquired company, and also to create recommendations for future operations. This thesis was carried out as a case study and it includes both qualitative and quantitative data. An Internet link to an anonymous survey was sent to the personnel by e-mail in the end of November when the transition period was officially over. The survey was sent to 15 people of whom 14 answered. The response percentage was 93%.  The survey results reveal that in this acquisition the higher-level reporting regarding general issues was managed well, but more problems occurred as it came closer to daily operations. The general issues regarding the change were well informed during the transition period and the cutover went as smoothly as planned. The core problems consisted of a shortage of resources, the allocation of resources and inadequate training and testing. Internal communication supported the transition period well and the usage of different communication methods was versatile.
Communication practices in inter-organisational product development
Developing internal customer relations : case study : Cargotec Finland Oy
The development of the Intranet at SKS Group Oy
Effective internal communications is one of the essential factors in an organization's strong performance. Internal communication involves negotiating, commanding, reporting, informing, coordinating, cooperating and motivating through various communication channels. This thesis was conducted for StyroChem Finland Oy, the leading Northern European supplier of expandable polystyrene (EPS). The sales network of StyroChem covers all of Europe, with offices in Denmark, Russia, Poland, Germany and the U.K. StyroChem is a privately owned organization currently employing about 90 people in six countries. The study focuses on selected key aspects of internal communication and communication channels at StyroChem Finland Oy. The aim of the research was to find out whether its employees are satisfied with internal communication. The purpose of this thesis is to enhance internal communication and the communication culture within the target organization. This thesis provides a general overview about the importance of efficient internal communication in an organization. The theoretical framework concentrates on analyzing the basic elements of both organizational and internal communication, such as communication strategy, communication channels and multicultural aspects. The empirical part of the study was carried out through a questionnaire comprised of structured and open questions. The results were analyses utilizing both quantitative and qualitative methods. The results of this study indicate that in general internal communication at StyroChem can be said to have an open and positive character. However, the present working environment appears to be too demanding for some employees, who feel some level of dissatisfaction. This situation clearly has an overall negative effect on personnel's productivity and motivation. The result of this research should help in promoting further investigations and projects in this area at StyroChem.    Recommendations for improving internal communication in the target company include having more organized, relevant and open communication in order to influence employee engagement in organizational goals.
Implementing an Intranet for an SME : Case study: Chagua IT
Interactive expertise : studies in distributed working intelligence
Satisfaction regarding the intranet as a channel of internal communication at the ministry of education
Internal communications study
Sales support : enhancing key account managers' communication at Unilever Finland Oy
The IABC handbook of organizational communication : a guide to internal communication, public relations, marketing, and leadership
Internal communication within a large corporation : case: Corporate Merchant Banking Finland division, Nordea Bank Finland Plc
Personnel magazine for Zara Finland
"Points worth sharing" : Share Point 2013 social media tools guidelines for Metsä Group
Internal communication effectiveness in Arizona Chemical Europe : plant supply chain perspective
Public relations : an introduction
Effective internal communication
Communication of the branding process : the case of UPM-Kymmene Printing Papers' rebranding
The Intranet : an Effective Communication medium, for internal communication in organizations anno 1998?
Utilization of Media in Internal Communication : Case: Konecranes Heavy Lifting Ltd, Electrics Factory
Process description: The payroll administration take-over of a foreign company in Finland
Development of internal corporate communication : Study case: Company FIEGE
Assessing internal communication at MTV MEDIA
Developing internal communication : case study of a multinational industrial corporation
How the Hotel Kämp communicates the brand identity to the personnel
Effective HR communication : a framework for communicating HR programmes with IMPACT
Abstract : The purpose of this study was to develop the induction process of the case company. The company's induction process had been the same since the beginning and the growth of the company had created the need to improve the process. The new induction process needed to be more thorough than the old one and also include the safety training. To enable this company's internal communication required some attention and improvement as well.  The theoretical part of this study consists of three different issues: the induction, internal communication and safety. The induction part deals with the im-portant issues related to induction such as what is induction, when it should be given, to whom and who is responsible for that. The two other parts, internal communication and safety, concentrate mainly on those issues which are relevant for the case company's purpose. This part of the study relies on lit-erature.  The research method used in this study was case study in which the process itself was the case. Data collection was made by using participant observation and group discussions. Observations were based on several years working experience in the company and the focus group which included both current and former employees of the company.  During the development process the company's existing working instructions were reviewed, updated and some new ones created. Safety issues were identified and instructions made. All new employees need to read these in-structions before they can start working. The current employees were chosen to act as dedicated mentors for new employees. The importance of the internal communication was highlighted in every phase of the new process. Follow up discussions and defining the need for further induction was included at the end of the process. The process was tested during one summer and the feedback was positive, some small adjustments were made to improve the process even more. Some suggestions and further improvement ideas were left for the owner to consider.
Internal Communication Development Project for Best Friend Group Oy
Improving Internal Communication between Marketing and Buying Departments: Case Company
Development of induction process : Case company Trotter
Abstract.
Management information systems : managing information technology in the business enterprise
Knowledge as a part of improving internal communication: a case study Nokia Oyj
In every company there are internal customers. These internal customers are the employees of the company that work to satisfy the external customer in order to make the company successful. An internal customer can be for example a certain department or team etc within the company. Keeping internal customers satisfied is necessary to make the work processes and internal communication work flawlessly. When the service level within the company is excellent, the external customer should receive the best service possible. Thus the internal customer relations are very important in today?s competitive business environment. This thesis is made as an assignment for Cargotec Finland Oy and its purpose is to map the current situation in their internal customer relations and give suggestion on how to develop those relations. This thesis will concentrate on the Shared Service Center of Cargotec Finland Oy. Theories of this thesis are based on literature about the topic. The empirical part is based on interviews done in the case company as well as on the observations made by the authors working as interns there. This thesis gives suggestions for the case company on how to overcome possible problems and develop existing procedures of internal customer relations. The theoretical part can be applied to any company that faces the issues described when the research in the empirical part is done for the case company. Nevertheless the empirical part can provide ideas to development also in other companies.
Internal communication in a Nordic context : how do feelings of uncertainty influence employees' preferences about information in Nordea's IT unit?
English as a common corporate language in a multinational company : employees' and managers' experiences and expectations during a transfer from local to distributed services
Business English : a complete guide to developing an effective business writing style
Internal communication at StyroChem Finland Oy
Communication in connecting work with the organization strategy
Organisational communication has become an essential aspect of corporate strategy, as customers and other important stakeholders have become more aware of their choices and demand for greater transparency and service. A company's own employees also expect to be kept up-to-date and be informed, and they often play a key part in a company's success, as well-functioning internal communication is the core and starting point for effective external communication. This, however, is not fully recognised or materialised in companies today. Furthermore, interactivity in internal communication has become a hot topic, and these facts justify the relevance and importance of this study. This study examines the effectiveness and efficiency of internal communication in Lufthansa Cargo Finland. The specific focus is on interactivity of the communication. The objective was to both detect the weak points and improvement areas in the communication processes and to provide recommendations to the management about actions to be taken to tackle these weak points and challenges. The study does not cover internal communication in the whole organisation, but is limited to the Helsinki office, and concentrates mostly on challenges and problems in internal communication. The study includes theories of internal communication with a focus on communication planning, barriers, best practices, and cultural factors. The study was conducted through qualitative research, as the author aimed to understand a specific phenomenon and wanted to proceed from specific to general, covering several simultaneous factors influencing the outcome. The data was collected through in-person interviews, as this allowed for freer discussion and deeper exploring of the topic. The study was conducted during a seven month period, of which two months were used for the data collection. During the study, challenges especially in relation to information flow and message coordination were detected. The communication was highly hierarchical, resulting in several relays and blocks in the message distribution chain. This resulted in delays and information gaps among other things. Furthermore, lack of chance for interactivity, especially bottom-up, was detected. These resulted in, for example, lower motivation and bad atmosphere. A need for greater transparency, possibilities to participate, locally adapted communication guidelines, training, and increased cultural awareness were seen as possible solutions to the problems and challenges.
Organizational internal communication : case Tanssipaviljonki Tulenliekki
Towards a democratic EU: online communication ia an organisational and civil context
The aim of this thesis was to explore the Lovely Market consumer promise delivery through internal communications at AM House. AM House identity is defined by four values, Lovely Market consumer promise and tone of voice. The thesis focuses on examining the understanding and delivery of the Lovely Market consumer promise. It was researched how the project managers and sales persons perceive the consumer promise and how it is delivered through internal communications. Crucial is the congruence in the perceptions of the consumer promise and its delivery further to other stakeholders such as customers through brand contacts. Theoretical framework of the research was based on relevant areas of theories of brand identity, image and internal communications. Theories of various authors such as Aaker, Kunde, Ind, Grönroos, Gad and Fill were explored to form a solid basis on which to create the empirical part and results of the study. By combining the chosen theories a holistic view was received to conduct the empirical part. The empirical part was conducted through interviewing five project managers and sales persons working for AM House in Finland. However, it is worth reminding that the personnel interviewed represent 45 percent of the project managers and 40 percent of the apartment sales persons. The results of the study indicated that there appear both strengths and weaknesses in the concrete understanding of the Lovely Market promise and delivering messages through internal communications. The Intranet was regarded as a great strength, and the core idea of the consumer promise was considered to be positive. However, the personnel longed for concrete examples of the consumer promise. In addition, more meetings should be arranged where the consumer promise would be discussed, the customer feedback surveys ought to be developed and internal messages should be better communicated to the personnel. In conclusion, the research revealed remarkable information of the consumer promise delivery at AM House and of points to improve. Further research could be conducted by interviewing or conducting a quantitative survey including personnel from all the five different job descriptions instead of merely project managers and sales persons, to receive greater sample and overall opinion and perceptions of the personnel.
Lesly's handbook of public relations and communications
Internal communication difficulties in a customer service organization
Book presents organizational communication from both a communication and managerial perspective. Professor Miller's clear writing style and consistent use of examples and case studies result in a text that undergraduate students will find easy to understand.
The best of TACTICS : news, trends & how-to information for public relations people
Internal Communication and Network Operators
The commissioner of this thesis wanted to modify and re-launch the MOC concept within their organization due to the internal and external misinterpretations of the MOC service agreements.  The main goal of this study is therefore to ensure that the stakeholders within the case company`s Service division understand the concept of the modified MOC and this is approached by developing an internal communication (IC) strategy to identify a feasible implementation plan and IC tools for the re-launch of MOC. The author is working for the commissioner and developed during his internship time a new IC strategy based on the prevailing situation. The result of the strategy development process shows that a feasible MOC implementation plan can be reached when it has clear objectives, assignment allocations with deadlines and no overloaded action. Other requirements are that it should be able to implement within a short time frame and as well as be achievable and measurable. The main IC tools in order to communicate the change include electronic newsletter and face to face meetings whereas sub tools of discussion list, paper newsletter and intranet. The outcome covered the commissioner`s needs and requirements, thus it will be fully implemented in early summer.
Internal communication and integration of the new employees : case: Wärtsilä Corporation
Public sector communication : how organizations manage information
Producing new sales material for international sales of Holiday Club Katinkulta
Managing internal communications process in Finnair Customer Care Center : a case study of Finnair Plus
Organizational communication : traditional themes and new directions
