http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p19610 church history
church history
The development of authority within the Russian Orthodox Church : a theological and historical inquiry
The Papacy in the Age of Totalitarianism, 1914-1958 examines the most momentous years in papal history. Popes Benedict XV (1914-1922), Pius XI (1922-1939), and Pius XII (1939-1958) faced the challenges of two world wars and the Cold War, and threats posed by totalitarian dictatorships like Italian Fascism, German National Socialism, and Communism in Russia and China. The wars imposed enormous strains upon the unity of Catholics and the hostility of the totalitarian regimes to Catholicism lead to the Church facing persecution and martyrdom on a scale similar to that experienced under the Roman Empire and following the French Revolution. At the same time, these were years of growth, development, and success for the papacy. Benedict healed the wounds left by the 'modernist' witch hunt of his predecessor and re-established the papacy as an influence in international affairs through his peace diplomacy during the First World War. Pius XI resolved the 'Roman Question' with Italy and put papal finances on a sounder footing. He also helped reconcile the Catholic Church and science by establishing the Pontifical Academy of Sciences and took the first steps to move the Church away from entrenched anti-Semitism. Pius XI continued his predecessor's policy of the 'indigenisation' of the missionary churches in preparation for de-colonisation. Pius XII fully embraced the media and other means of publicity, and with his infallible promulgation of the Assumption in 1950, he took papal absolutism and centralism to such heights that he has been called the 'last real pope'. Ironically, he also prepared the way for the Second Vatican Council.
Syriac perspectives on late antiquity
The great tradition of the American churches
The later medieval English church is invariably viewed through the lens of the Reformation that transformed it. But in this bold and provocative book historian George Bernard examines it on its own terms, revealing a church with vibrant faith and great energy, but also with weaknesses that reforming bishops worked to overcome.Bernard emphasizes royal control over the church. He examines the challenges facing bishops and clergy, and assesses the depth of lay knowledge and understanding of the teachings of the church, highlighting the practice of pilgrimage. He reconsiders anti-clerical sentiment and the extent and significance of heresy. He shows that the Reformation was not inevitable: the late medieval church was much too full of vitality. But Bernard also argues that alongside that vitality, and often closely linked to it, were vulnerabilities that made the break with Rome and the dissolution of the monasteries possible. The result is a thought-provoking study of a church and society in transformation.
Handbook of Dutch church history
A short history of Syriac Christianity to the rise of Islam
Documents of the Christian church
American Christianity : an historical interpretation with representative documents. Vol. 1, 1607-1820
English episcopal acta. 9, Winchester 1205-1238
The church in fourteenth-century Iceland : the formation of an elite clerical identity
The Church in Victorian Scotland, 1843-1874
A survey of the history of the church of Sweden
International conference dedicated to the 150th anniversary of Kārlis Irbe (1861-1934), the first bishop of the Evangelical Lutheran Church of Latvia : University of Latvia, Riga, 9 November, 2011.
A short history of the Catholic church
Then and Now : the historic church and the younger churches
A history of the Christian church
Guide to bishops' registers of England and Wales : a survey from the Middle Ages to the abolition of episcopacy in 1646
Based on his letters antl sermons, A twofold solidarity offers a wideranging survey of the theology of fifth-century pope Saint Leo the Great. In addition to shedding new light on the familiar topics of christology ancl ecclesiology, the author follows less well-worn paths in order to explor Leo's spiritual, pastoral, and social theology, and outlines his vision of the way in which the mysteries of salvationhistory continue to impact ou the Christian community. At centre stage is the insight that the one who is "consubstantial" with God the Father has become "consubstantial" with human beings, and it emerges that this "double consubstantiality", or "twofold solidarity", informs each and every aspect of Leo's preaching.
The greek orthodox Catholic Church
History of the Christian church. 5, The Middle Ages from Gregory VII, 1049, to Boniface VIII, 1294
The Papacy and the Modern World
China and the church : Chinoiserie in global context
Imperial unity and Christian divisions : the Church 450-680 A.D
Nicholas of Cusa's Brixen sermons and late medieval church reform
History and thought of the early Church
The Welsh and their religion : historical essays
The late medieval English church : vitality and vulnerability before the break with Rome
The see of Peter
Church and people in Britain and Scandinavia
The Church in late Victorian Scotland, 1874-1900
The church of Finland
This study contextualizes the achievement of a strategically crucial figure in Byzantium's turbulent seventh century, the monk and theologian Maximus the Confessor (580-662). Building on newer biographical research and a growing international body of scholarship, as well as on fresh examination of his diverse literary corpus, Paul Blowers develops a profile integrating the two principal initiatives of Maximus's career: first, his reinterpretation of the christocentric economy of creation and salvation as a framework for expounding the spiritual and ascetical life of monastic and non-monastic Christians; and second, his intensifying public involvement in the last phase of the ancient christological debates, the monothelete controversy, wherein Maximus helped lead an East-West coalition against Byzantine imperial attempts doctrinally to limit Jesus Christ to a single (divine) activity and will devoid of properly human volition. Blowers identifies what he terms Maximus's "cosmo-politeian" worldview, a contemplative and ascetical vision of the participation of all created beings in the novel politeia, or reordered existence, inaugurated by Christ's "new theandric energy". Maximus ultimately insinuated his teaching on the christoformity and cruciformity of the human vocation with his rigorous explication of the precise constitution of Christ's own composite person. In outlining this cosmo-politeian theory, Blowers additionally sets forth a "theo-dramatic" reading of Maximus, inspired by Hans Urs von Balthasar, which depicts the motion of creation and history according to the christocentric "plot" or interplay of divine and creaturely freedoms. Blowers also amplifies how Maximus's cumulative achievement challenged imperial ideology in the seventh century-- the repercussions of which cost him his life -- and how it generated multiple recontextualizations in the later history of theology.
The churches, Ireland and the Irish : papers read at the 1987 Summer Meeting and the 1988 Winter Meeting of the Ecclesiastical History Society
Witch hunt : the persecution of witches in England
Her story : women in Christian tradition
A history of Christianity. 1, to A.D. 1500
History of the Christian church. 1, Apostolic Christianity, A.D. 1-100
: "Nathan Söderblom has been acknowledged as an important artisan of the dialogue aimed at re-establishing Christian unity based on initiatives that could promote common religious values despite denominational differences, by means of concrete actions and by understanding the way in which society [...] still remains the centre of God's attention." Daniel, Patriarch of Romanian Orthodox Church
This groundbreaking study examines decorative Chinese works of art and visual culture, known as chinoiserie, in the context of church and state politics, with a particular focus on the Catholic missions' impact on Western attitudes toward China and the Chinese. Art-historical examinations of chinoiserie have largely ignored the role of the church and its conversion efforts in Asia; Johns, however, demonstrates that the emperor's 1722 prohibition against Catholic evangelization, occurring after almost a century and a half of tolerance, prompted a remarkable change in European visualizations of China in Roman Catholic countries. China and the Church considers the progress of Christianity in China during the late Ming and early Qing dynasties, examines authentic works of Chinese art available to European artists producing chinoiserie, and explains how the East Asian male body in Western art changed from "normative" depictions to whimsical, feminized grotesques after the collapse of the missionary efforts during the 1720s.
History of the church and state in Norway from the tenth to the sixteenth century
Major trends and movements in Finnish church history
The early Church. Henry Chadwick
The social teaching of the Christian churches. Vol 2
Jerome of Prague and the foundations of the Hussite movement
The ecclesiastical controversy between the Kingdom of Nicaea and the principality of Epiros (1217-1233)
Christianity in Ireland : revisiting the story
Storybook Helsinki and Beyond
The passing of Protestant England
Christian thought : a historical introduction
Early Christian historiography : narratives of retribution
The aim of the second part of the project on the impact of the racial laws under the Mussolini regime is to offer the reader a critical edition and an English translation of 139 letters that were exchanged between the victims of those laws (and their relatives and friends) and the Jesuit Pietro Tacchi Venturi (1861-1956) who interceded with the Fascist government in order to circumvent or alleviate various provisions of the 1938 anti-Jewish legislation.
The Orthodox Church in the history of Russia
The road to the unification of the Lutheran churches in the Russian empire under a single liturgy
The ninth biennial meeting of the INBCH at the university of Klaipėda, 2014.
This first edition of the third recension of the Life of Maximus the Confessor with full critical apparatus is accompanied by a lucid English translation. A major introduction to the text records the opposition of the Greek monk Maximus (580-662 CE) to the monothelite controversy, and outlines the surviving sources for the Life of Maximus, its historical background, and the relationship between the three versions of the Greek life. The volume will be of historical and theological interest to scholars and students of Byzantium in the seventh century.
Churches and religions in the People's Republic of Bulgaria
The sacralization of space and behavior in the early modern world : studies and sources
Catholicism in China, 1900-present : the development of the Chinese Church
Christianity in Lithuania
History of the Christian church. 6, The Middle Ages from Boniface VIII, 1294, to Protestant Reformation, 1517
Celtic Christianity
Men and women in the early Christian centuries
Baltic church-historians gathered in Daugavpils at the beginning of September 2012.
Quodvultdeus of Carthage : the apocalyptic theology of a Roman African in exile
Towards the holy and great synod of the Orthodox Church : the decisions of the Pan-Orthodox meetings since 1923 until 2009
Reformation and society in sixteenth-century Europe
A history of the medieval church 590-1500
Gender and Christian religion : papers read at the 1996 Summer Meeting and the 1997 Winter Meeting of the Ecclesiastical History Society
Then and now : the historic church and the younger churches
A history of the churches in the United States and Canada
The struggle of the Lithuanian Roman Catholic Church to save Vilnius archcathedral
Children and the theologians : clearing the way for grace
The protracted Reformation in northern Norway : introductory studies
The bishop of Rome in late antiquity
The Greek and Eastern Churches
A survey of the history of the Reformation in Poland and Lithuania
History of the Christian church. 8, Modern Christianity ; The Swiss Reformation
Did Christian Britain die in the 1960s?
Baltic church-historians gathered in Daugavpils at the beginning of September 2012
Icelandic church saga
Politics, monasticism, and miracles in sixth century Upper Egypt : a critical edition and translation of the Coptic texts on Abraham of Farshut
Abstract: Religious clashes, conversion and family relations in Imperial Russia : the life of Rabbi and Pastor Rudolf Hermann Gurland.
Medieval Scotland
A history of the Church to A. D. 461. 3, A. D. 408-461
Pioneer pastors' wives chose the role of service : a noble but often difficult calling
The protracted Reformation in northern Norway. 2, Towards a Protestant north
Reformation Europe 1517-1559
The Oxford Encyclopedia of Martin Luther
The new knighthood : a history of the Order of the Temple
A twofold solidarity : Leo the Great's theology of redemption
Churches under communism
Pantokrator : an introduction to orthodoxy
A treasure of saints : 100 saints : their lives and times
A Third Testament
Christian community in history : Comparative ecclesiology. Volume 2
The letters of Gerbert with his papal privileges as Sylvester II
Sitka Lutheran Church celebrates its 150th years : the Finnish legacy in Russian Alaska
The history of the church from Christ to Constantine
Between known men and visible saints : a study in sixteenth-century English dissent
The popes : a history
Perspectives on the socially disadvantaged in early christianity
The prelate in England and Europe, 1300-1560
Iron curtain : the crushing of Eastern Europe, 1945-1956
A short history of the Catholic Church
Da Vinci's last commission : the most sensational detective story in the history of art
Churches in the Ukrainian crisis
"Christians and Pagans" offers a comprehensive and highly readable account of the coming of Christianity to Britain, its coexistence or conflict with paganism, and its impact on the lives of both indigenous islanders and invading Anglo-Saxons. The Christianity of Roman Britain, so often treated in isolation, is here deftly integrated with the history of the British churches of the Celtic world, and with the histories of Ireland, Iona, and Pictland. Combining chronicle and literary evidence with the fruits of the latest archaeological research, Malcolm Lambert illuminates how the conversion process changed the hearts and minds of early Britain.
The story of christianity
Christian Antioch : a study of early Christian thought in the East
History of the Christian church. 2, Ante-Nicene Christianity, A.D. 100-325
Early Chinese Christianity : the Tang Christian monument and other documents
Russians and religion after communism
The Christians
Advocating, Converting, and Torturing: Images of Jews (and Muslimized Pagans) in the Kalanti Altarpiece
The Oxford history of christianity
The church in an age of revolution : 1789 to the present day
The papacy in the age of totalitarianism, 1914-1958
Religious women in Britain reappraised
This collection of essays engages the basic themes of the five-year, joint research project (GOA) The Normativity of History. The project brought together specialists in the areas of Church History and Systematic Theology to investigate questions of truth and tradition in light of their varying expertise. The thematic scope of this volume includes questions concerning tradition and its development, the present context of plurality and its challenges for discerning a theological epistemology of tradition-bound truth, and the challenges of religious diversity for contemporary theology. As a whole, these reflections suggest that the force and weight of history must be adequately accounted for when attempting to answer theological questions in a manner that does justice to a tradition that is very much embedded in and shaped by the complexities manifest in its living and at times, ambiguous history.
The English religious tradition and the genius of Anglicanism
Stark gets right to the events of greatest interest, often turning them on their heads: He argues that Constantine's conversion did the Church a great deal of harm, for example, and that the majority of converts to early Christianity were women. And he asks the questions at the heart of the human story: What role did Jesus's family play in the early Church? How was Christianity's rise influenced by the misery of daily life in Greco-Roman cities? What role did vigorous competition play in the success, and failure, of churches in colonial America? Finally, having brought readers to the present day, Stark makes a compelling case that the popular notion that religion must disappear to make room for modernity is amply disproved by the sociological evidence.
Report on the Church history conference in Valmiera (Latvia)
The study of church history and Christian reunion
Through the eye of a needle : wealth, the fall of Rome, and the making of Christianity in the West, 350-550 AD
Codices medii aevi Finlandiae. 2, Codex Särkilahti : (Codex Aboensis Skokloster)
The English Church : in the sixteenth century from the accession of Henry VIII to the death of Mary
Lutheran patristic catholicity : the Vincentian canon and the consensus patrum in Lutheran orthodoxy
This book investigates the origin and the character of Early Chinese Christianity (Œi<³Jingjiao) during the Tang dynasty (618-907 CE). It sets Tang Christianity against the background of Syriac Christianity and the Tang cultural milieu, and then particularly focuses on the Tang Christian Monument and two Dunhuang manuscripts, the Hymn to the Trinity and Saints and Scriptures, providing syntactical analyses and fresh translations of the primary material. The research integrates western and Chinese scholarship on the subject and also provides an assessment of the history and theology of Tang Christianity. The book argues that Tang Christianity should not be branded with the Nestorian label, but must be understood in its own right.
The Origin of the Idea of Crusade
Reformation : Europe's house divided 1490-1700
Resurgence of the Evangelical Lutheran Church in Lithuania after the Soviet era
Christian history : an introduction to the western tradition
Scholarship has recognized fifteenth-century speculative thinker Nicholas of Cusa for his early contributions to conciliar theory, but not his later ecclesiastical career as cardinal, residential bishop, preacher, and reformer. Richard Serina shows that, as bishop in the Tyrolese diocese of Brixen from 1452 to 1458, and later as resident cardinal in Rome, Nicolas of Cusa left a testament to his view of reform in the sermons he preached to monks, clergy, and laity. These 171 sermons, in addition to his Reformatio generalis of 1459, reflect an intellectual coming to terms with the challenge of reform in the late medieval church, and in response creatively incorporating metaphysics, mystical theology, ecclesiology, and personal renewal into his preaching of reform.
The Oxford history of Christianity
The Catholic church and Nazi Germany
Polish and Lithuanian anti-trinitarian eucharistic practice in the 16th and 17th centuries
Studies of religion and politics in the early Christian centuries
Beyond settled foundations : the journey of Indian theology
The Life of Maximus the Confessor : recension 3
The triumph of Christianity : how the Jesus movement became the world's largest religion
Locality, nation and the  primitive  - notions about the identities of late medieval non-professional wall painters in Finnish historiography from 1880 to 1940
Maximus the Confessor : Jesus Christ and the transfiguration of the world
The Christian west and its singers : the first thousand years
Toward an established church : Strasbourg from 1500 to the dawn of the seventeenth century
A history of Christianity. 2, A.D. 1500 to A.D. 1975
Legislation concerning liberty of faith in Finland
Nathan Söderblom : artisan of Christian unity between North and East : his correspondence with Orthodox personalities (1896-1931)
Church under the pressure of Stalinism : the development of the status and activities of Soviet Latvian Evangelical Lutheran Church during 1944-1950
Beyond the walls  : churches of Jerusalem
Monks, nuns and monasteries
The world of medieval monasticism : its history and forms of life
The impact of the Christian church in Tanzania : 1885-1985
A history of Christianity in the United States and Canada
History of the reformation in the sixteenth century
History of the Christian church. 3, Nicene and Post-Nicene Christianity, from Constantine the Great to Gregory the Great, A.D. 311-600
Western society and the church in the Middle Ages
Manipulating theophany : light and ritual in north Adriatic architecture (ca. 400-ca. 800)
The magnificent ride : the first reformation in Hussite Bohemia
The studies collected in this volume address the role of men and/or women in theology, in history, in narrative, in liturgy – in short, in a range of aspects of Christianity as it emerged and rose into prominence as a religion.
Christ in Russia : The History, Tradition, and Life of the Russian Church
Formulas for the distribution of Holy Communion in the reformed agendas of 16th-17th century Poland and Lithuania compared with other protestant liturgies of the same period
History of primitive christianity
O monachismos stēn Peloponnēso 4.-15. ai. = Monasticism in the Peloponnese 4th - 15th c.
Faith and fire : popular and unpopular religion 1350-1600
The early Church : [the story of emergent Christianity from the apostolic age to the dividing of the ways between the Greek East and the the Latin West]
The Christian churches of the East
Christianity and imperialism in modern Japan : empire for God
SCM studyguide to church history
History of the Christian church. 4, Mediaeval Christianity, from Gregory I to Gregory VII, A.D. 590-1073
Christian community in history : Ecclesial existence. Volume 3
Christians and pagans : the conversion of Britain from Alban to Bede
Before the Gregorian reform : the Latin Church at the turn of the first millennium
The normativity of history : theological truth and tradition in the tension between church history and systematic theology
The social teaching of the Christian churches. Vol 1
National religion and the prayer book controversy
This study provides a fresh analysis of the ancient evidence and the modern scholarship on Quodvultdeus, the bishop of Carthage who was exiled by the Vandals in AD 439. It highlights his apocalyptic theology, showing how he selectively appropriates the eschatological thought of previous Christian authors such as Jerome and Orosius. Particular attention is paid to Augustine's influence on Quodvultdeus in order to draw out the independence of the latter's thought.
Church & state from Constantine to Theodosius
Homilies on the life of Christ
A history of the English church
Studies of wooden churches in Finland : Josef Strzygowski and Lars Petterson
The (new, illustrated) great controversy
The English church, 940-1154
Ideological and institutional reflections of the Benedictine ideal in sixteenth century Hutterites : a study in ecclesiastical ecology
The post-reformation development of the episcopacy in Sweden, Finland and the Baltic states
Mobility in the Eastern Baltics (15th-17th centuries) = Mobilumas Rytu Baltijos regione (XV-XVII amziai)
The homilies of Proclus are a valuable source for the christological issues of the fifth century and formed an important basis for the subsequent formulation of the orthodox faith at Chalcedon in 451, yet they have not received as much attention as the works of Cyril of Alexandria. For the first time in English the twenty-seven homilies of Proclus that deal with the life of Christ are presented.
Lutheran beginnings around Mt. Kilimanjaro : the first 40 years
Between east and west
The medieval church : a brief history
History of the Christian church. 7, Modern Christianity ; The German Reformation
Understanding the Greek Orthodox Church : Its faith, history, and practice
The early Christian fathers : a selection from the writings of the Fathers from St. Clement of Rome to St. Athanasius
Erika Sigurdson provides a history of the fourteenth-century Icelandic Church with a focus on the the social status of elite clerics following the introduction of benefices to Iceland. In this period, the elite clergy developed a shared identity based in part on universal clerical values, but also on a shared sense of interdependence, personal networks and connections within the framework of the Church. 0'The Church in Fourteenth Century Iceland' examines the development of this social group through an analysis of bishops&#x92; sagas, annals, and documents. In the process, it chronicles major developments in the Icelandic Church after the reforms of the late thirteenth century, including its emphasis on property and land ownership, and the growth of ecclesiastical bureaucracy.
The church in early Irish society
Catalogue of medieval manuscript fragments in the Helsinki University Library : Fragmenta membranea. 4:1, Antiphonaria : text
The theology of diaconia
Inventing the individual : the origins of Western liberalism
Suomen kirkkohistoriallisen seuran vuosikirja = Finska kyrkohistoriska samfundets årsskrift = Yearbook of the Finnish society of church history : with summaries. 105, 2015.
An atlas of Christian history
The Greek Ortodox Church : faith, history and practice
The rage against God
Religious clashes, conversion and family relations in Imperial Russia : the life of Rabbi and Pastor Rudolf Hermann Gurland
A history of the Church to A. D. 461. 2, A. D. 313-408
Some reflections on the writing of the history of the Finnish evangelical lutheran church
Studia Patristica. Vol. LXXIV, Including papers presented at the Fifth British Patristics Conference, London, 13-15 September 2014
In this book scholars from Australia, Japan, Korea, Germany, Ireland, and USA focus on aspects of religion and politics in the early Christian centuries. Contributions engage a host of issues pertaining to Jesus studies, early Christianity and Roman authorities, the destruction of Jerusalem and the Temple, the role of early Christian bishops and their politico-religious strategies, the interplay between Christian and Classical or Jewish models of politics, religious policies of emperors, the degree of religious pluralism, and the abuse of power. Perhaps the most relevant of all for our contemporary situation is the attention the authors pay to civil disobedience, violence, and the ideology of martyrdom.
The gnostic gospels
Facing diversity : the Evangelical Lutheran Church of Finland from 2004 to 2007
"Pouring Jewish water into fascist wine" : untold stories of (Catholic) Jews from the archive of Mussolini's Jesuit Pietro Tacchi Venturi. Volume 2
American Christianity : an historical interpretation with representative documents. Vol. 2, 1820-1960
The Coptic question in the Mubarak era
A biographical history of the Church in Nepal
Ortodoksia. 56, [Teema: Kirkon missio = Theme: Mission of the Church]
Christian missionary activity in the early Middle Ages
