http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p19615 cartographers
cartographers
Framework for the world
Modern maps and atlases : an outline guide to twentieth century production
The world of Gerard Mercator, the mapmaker who revolutionised geography
Map generalization in the Nordic countries
Two cartographers : Gudbrandur Thorláksson and Thordur Thoráksson
Cartographic encounters : perspectives on Native American mapmaking and map use
World cartography
The atlas Blaeu - van der Hem of the Austrian National Library. Vol. 7, The world of a seventeenth-century collector : atlas Blaeu - van der Hem
Second United Nations Regional Cartographic Conference for the Americas, Mexico City, 3-14 September 1979 = Seconde Conférence Cartographique Régionale des Nations Unies pour l'Amérique, Mexico, 3-14 septembre 1979 = Segunda Conferencia Cartografica Regional de las Naciones Unidas para Americas, Ciudad de México, 3-14 de septiembre de 1979. Vol. 2, Technical papers = Communications techniques = Documentos técnicos
Mapping the Silk Road and beyond : 2,000 years of exploring the East
The Map librarian in the modern world : essays in honour of Walter W. Ristow
Mastering the Niger : James MacQueen's African geography and the struggle over Atlantic slavery
East Asia in old maps
The presentation of data with graduated symbols
Juha Nurminen collection of world maps : maps, atlases, books and globes
Some notable surveyors & map-makers of the sixeenth, seventeenth, & eighteenth centuries and their work : a study in the history of cartography
Ninth United Nations Regional Cartographic Conference for Asia and the Pacific : Wellington, 11-12 February 1980 = Neuvième conférence cartographique régionale des Nations Unies pour l'Asie et le Pacifique : Wellington, 11-22 février 1980. Vol. 2, Technical papers = Communications techniques
Strange maps : an atlas of cartographic curiosities
A short history of the cartography of Africa
When France was king of cartography : the patronage and production of maps in early modern France
Map worlds : a history of women in cartography
Abraham Ortelius (1527-1598) life, works, sources and friends
How to identify old maps and globes : with a list of cartographers, engravers, publishers and printers concerned with printed maps and globes from c. 1500 to c. 1850
Meaning, knowledge and power in the map philosophy of J. B. Harley
Across Asia from West to East in 1906-1908
Landmarks of mapmaking : an illustrated survey of maps and mapmaking
Advances in digital terrain analysis / Qiming Zhou, Brian Lees, Guo-an Tang (Eds.)
Scandinavian summer course in cartography : 10.-16. June 1989.
Historical maps of Europe
The fidelity of isopleth maps : an experimental study
Mapping skills and spatial reasoning tasks
The map that changed the world : the tale of William Smith and the birth of a science
Twelfth United Nations Regional Cartographic Conference for Asia and the Pacific, Bangkok, 20-28 February 1991 = Douzième conférence cartographique régionale des Nations Unies pour l'Asie et le Pacifique, Bangkok, 20-28 février 1991. Vol. 2, Technical papers = Communications techniques
Social cartographies of internationalization of higher education in Canada:a study of exceptionalist tendencies and articulations
Maps and mapping of Africa : a resource guide
The history of cartography. Vol. 3, Part 1, Cartography in the European Renaissance
Studies in the history of Russian cartography. Part 2, From the history of Russian cartography in the 18th, 19th, and early 20th centuries
Twelfth United Nations Regional Cartographic Conference for Asia and the Pacific : Bangkok, 20-28 February 1991. Vol. 1, Report of the Conference
Cartography : thematic map design
The power of maps
Map of a nation : A Biography of the Ordnance Survey
Finnish thematic atlases : an examination of their content and methodology
How to lie with maps
Basic cartography : for students and technicians : exercise manual
Computer-assisted cartography : principles and prospects
Mapping the world
Elements of cartography
The Four Elements - The Essentials of History of Cartography : The 25th International Conference on the History of Cartography
Topographic instructions of the United States Geological Survey. Book 4, Color-separation scribing : instructions for preparing topographic map manuscripts for multicolor printing by scribing on coates plastic sheets
Geovisualization and knowledge discovery for decision-making in ecological network planning
Cartographica extraordinaire : the historical map transformed
Proceedings of the 16th International Cartographic Conference Cologne/Köln 3-9 May 1993, Volume 2
Fifteenth United Nations Regional Cartographic Conference for Asia and the Pacific, Kuala Lumpur, 11-14 April 2000 : Economic and Social Council official records, 2000.. Report of the Conference
Monumenta cartographica Neerlandica. General index of volumes I-IX
Map projections : a reference manual
Mapping the historical sense of Finland
Adolf Erik Nordenskiöld (1832-1901) : polar explorer and historian of cartography
Studies in the history of Russian cartography. Part 1, From the history of Russian cartography in the 16th and 17th centuries
The girl of ink & stars
A.E. Nordenskiöld collection included in the Unesco Memory
Chinese maps : images of 'all under heaven'
Fifth United Nations Regional Cartographic Conference for the Americas : New York, 11-15 January 1993. Vol. 1, Report of the conference
The British Library companion to maps and mapmaking
Tooley's dictionary of mapmakers
The boundaries of Finland in transition
Geomorphological mapping : methods and applications
Geographic indexing and data management for 3D-visualisation
Mapping Greece, 1420-1800 : a history maps in the Margarita Samourkas Collection
Geo graphic : a book for map lovers
Visualization and analysis of landscape in information space
The history of cartography. Vol. 2, Book 2, Cartography in the traditional East and Southeast Asian societies
The mapmakers : the story of the great pioneers in cartography - from antiquity to the space age
Minority toponyms on maps : the rendering of linguistic minority toponyms on topographic maps of Western Europe
Design guidelines for map mashups visualizing point data
Second United Nations Regional Cartographic Conference for the Americas, Mexico City, 3-14 September 1979. Vol. 1, Report of the conference
Cartographic design and production
Human cartography : mapping the world of man
Rare globes : a cultural-historical exposition of selected terrestrial and celestial globes made before 1850 - especially connected with Denmark
Advances in cartography
Topographic instructions of the United States Geological Survey. Geographic names : instructions for obtaining, verifying, and selecting names to be used on Geological Survey topographic maps; an explanation of the procedures for proposing new names and for resolving conflicts in name usage
The mapping of Terra Australis
Formalization of cartographic knowledge using an expert system shell
Techniques in map analysis
Nordic summer course in cartography : visualization of geographical data 4.-11. June 1994 Espoo
The nature of maps : essays toward understanding maps and mapping
The article looks at the development of cartographic representations of Finland from a social constructionist perspective. The image of Finland, as portrayed on maps, has contributed significantly to the Finnish nation-building process. As a medium for the dissemination of information, maps have enabled the broad popularisation of the idea of Finland as a unified territory and nation. Maps have also helped to build the sense of Finnishness by representing the country in exclusively Finnish terms, e.g., with Finnish place names. Finally, maps build the sense of a continuous national history by situating political and cultural events and portraying these in a timeless manner. In all, maps are powerful representations that should be assessed as agents of change rather than passive objects.
Adolf Erik Nordenskiöld and his library
International journal of remote sensing
The mapmakers' world : a cultural history of the European world map
Thematic cartography and geographic visualization
Scandinavian Summer Course in Cartography : 10.-16. June 1989.
Ormeling's cartography : presented to Ferjan Ormeling on the occasion of his 65th birthday and his retirement as professor of cartography
Mercator : the man who mapped the planet
Things maps don't tell us : an adventure into map interpretation
Maps & man : an examination of cartography in relation to culture and civilization
Ptolemy's maps of Northern Europe
Early mapping of Pasific
Earth-mapping : artists reshaping landscape
Proceedings of the 16th International Cartographic Conference Cologne/Köln 3-9 May 1993, Volume 1
Various types of boundaries crisscross the Finnish territory. Aside the politicoadministrative boundaries of the Finnish state, there are technical-logistical barriers and cultural, socio-spatial, and economic divisions. The main tendency has, however, been the increasing contingency in relation to their location and stability. Some of these boundaries may overlap and therefore strengthen each other, others can hardly be mapped due to their fuzziness. This article provides an introduction to the recent changes of the boundaries of Finland.
Statistical mapping and the presentation of statistics
