http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1960 wood sculptures
wood sculptures
Genesis : ideas of origin in African sculpture
The complete book of woodcarving : everything you need to know to master the craft
Sculpture in Wood
Decoys : North America's one hundred greatest
Medieval wooden sculpture in Sweden : Museum of national antiquities. 5, The museum collection : plates
"Faile: Works on Wood is a new collection of essays and rich color photographs that showcases Faile's exploration of wood in their practice. It presents a broad swath of their projects from the past decade, from early work using salvaged material to more recent commissions, such as their towering installation at the New York City Ballet. The book features both critical writing and reflections by the artists on now iconic facets of their work in and out of the studio, including their interactive Puzzle Boxes, carved Prayer Wheels, and bold, large-scale painting."--The publisher.
Late-medieval wood sculptures as materialized saints : the embodiment of Saint Anne in Northern Europe / Elina Räsänen
English influence in Norwegian and Swedish figuresculpture in wood 1220-1270
Sculpture in wood
Surfaces : color, substances, and ritual applications on African sculpture
The craft of the connoisseur : Bernt Notke, Saint Anne and the work of hands
Practical woodcarving and gilding
Methodology for the conservation of polychromed wooden altarpieces : an international conference organised bt the Cetty Conservation Institute and the Instituto Andaluz del Patrimonio Histórico Swville May 2002
1001 designs for whittling and woodcarving
Totem poles. Volume 1, Totem poles according to crests and topics
Every piece of African woodcarving has an embellished surface, whether it is dyed, pigmented, refurbished, or encrusted with sacrificial matter. "Surfaces" is the first book to present a detailed study of what happens to African wood sculpture from its creation to its ritual use and 'retirement'. The six essays by distinguished African art historians investigate cultural practices associated with surface decoration, the practitioners responsible for the applications, and the reasons for the use of specific materials. Luxurious colour and black-and-white photographs embellish the text and illustrate the power and potency of African sculpture. A comprehensive listing of colourings and raw materials is also included. For students, museum professionals, and collectors, this book will become an important reference which inspires new appreciations of African art and artistry.
Gothic painted wooden sculpture in Norway 1220-1350
Corpus of medieval misericords : Belgium (B) - Netherlands (NL)
Imitation and illusion : applied brocade in the art of the Low Countries in the fifteenth and sixteenth centuries
Stepan Erzia : the Mordovian picture galleria
Vetra ne khambha, memorials for the dead : wooden figures and memorial slabs of Chodri, Gamit, and Vasava tribes, South Gujarat, India
Medieval wooden sculpture in Sweden : Museum of national antiquities. Vol. 5, The museum collection : plates
Art and oracle : African art and rituals of divination
Greg Woodard's art of bird sculpture : wood, bronze & clay
Reductive abstraction : less is more again : [symposium : Haukivuori, 1.5. - 15.9.2005] / [texts = teksti: Jaak Hillen ... [et al.]]
The sacred made real : Spanish painting and sculpture 1600-1700 : [the National Gallery, London, 21 October 2009 - 24 January 2010 : National Gallery of Art, Washington, 28 February - 31 May 2010] / Xavier Bray ; with Alfonso Rodríguez G. de Ceballos, Daphne Barbour and Judy Ozone ; and contributios by Maria Fernanda Morón de Castro ... [et al.]
Medieval wooden sculpture in Sweden : Museum of national antiquities, Stockholm. 4, The museum collection : Catalogue
Pongyi kyaung - universe sculpted in wood  : the development, motifs and place of traditional wooden sculpture in monastic architecture of Myanmar
Woodcarving basics
Fundamentals of figure carving
Tombs in wood
The temple of Devi-Kothi : wall paintings and wooden reliefs in a Himalayan shrine of the great goddess in the Churah Region of the Chamba District, Himachal Pradash, India
Wow-ipits : eight Asmat woodcarvers of New Guinea
ICOM CC Lisbon 2011 : Preprints 16th triennial conference Lisbon, 19-23 September 2011.
Spirits speak : a celebration of African masks
Power carving manual : tools, techniques, and 16 all-time favorite projects
The carpenter
Complete Guide to wood carving
Art africain
Preprints of the contributions to the New York Conference on Conservation of Stone and Wooden Objects, 7-13 June, 1970. Vol. 2, Conservation of wooden objects
Wood to survive
Medieval wooden sculpture in Sweden. Vol. 1, Attitudes to the heritage
Chainsaw carving : the art and craft
Woodcarving : Techniques & projects
Carving nature : wildlife studies in wood
FAILE : works on wood : process, paintings and sculpture
The sculpture of David Nash
Art and crafts (The Middle Ages)
The art of the woodcarver
CREATIVE WOOD SCULPTURE FROM NATURAL FORM
Tradition, trade and woodcarving in Solomon Islands
Medieval wooden sculpture in Sweden : Museum of national antiquities. 1, Attitudes to the heritage
The technique of wood sculpture / Chaim Gross
Lidai diaosu zhencang : muke zaoxiangpian = Ancient Chinese sculptural treasures : carvings in wood
Medieval wooden sculpture in Sweden : Museum of national antiquities. Vol. 1, Attitudes to the heritage
Direct wood sculpture : techniques, innovation, creativity
New York Conference on Conservation of Stone and Wooden Objects : preprints : 7-13 June 1970 : Volume 2.
Woodcarving : Get started in a new craft with easy-to-follow projects for beginners
Puun käytön iloa = The thrill of wood = Freude am arbeiten mit Holz
The magic and making of driftwood sculptures
Main trends of East-Norwegian wooden figure sculpture in the second half of the thirteenth century : a study
Woodcarving : a manual of techniques
Woodcarving
Zambian traditional art
The techniques of wood sculpture
Carving country characters : step-by-step instructions for 18 projects
ICOM Committee for Conservation : 16th triennial conference Lisbon, 19-23 September 2011 : abstracts
Wood carving : design and workmanship
Decorative woodcarving : the complete course
Scratching the surface : art and content in contemporary wood
Useful techniques for woodcarvers : best from woodcarving magazine
Chris Pye's woodcarving course & reference manual
Church woodwork in the British Isles, 1100-1535 : an annotated bibliography
Labors of love.  Love's labors lost
Art and craft in Africa
Artistic Bellona in the contemporary art of Solomon Islands
The art of craft : contemporary works from the Saxe collection
Hawaiian sculpture
Norwegian stave church sculpture. Vol. 2
Conservation and stratigraphic analysisi of the sculpture Saint and the Child Jesus
Late medieval sculpture in the Metropolitan : 1400 to 1530
Beginning woodcarving : projects, techniques, tools
Sculpting in wood
Indonesian primitive art : Indonesia, Malaysia, the Philippines : from the collection of the Barbier-Müller Museum, Geneva
Contemporary American wood sculpture : Crocker Art Museum, Sacramento, CA, November 3, 1984 - January 6, 1985 / [edited by Roger Clisby and Joan Hunt]
Carving faces and figures in wood
The limewood sculptors of Renaissance Germany
Carving canes & walking sticks with Tom Wolfe
Decorative woodcarving
Painted wood: history and conservation
CAPTURING PERSONALITY IN WOODCARVING
Pongyi kyaung - universe sculpted in wood : the development, motifs and place of traditional wooden sculpture in monastic architecture of Myanmar
Madonna of Korppoo
Late-medieval wood sculptures as materialized saints : the embodiment of Saint Anne in Northern Europe
The investigation, conservation and restoration of late 15th century wooden polychrome sculpture : The Crucifix from St. Michael at Pälkäne
Bronze, boxwood, and ivory in the Robert H. Smith collection of Renaissance sculpture : a second supplement to the catalogue volume Art of the Renaissance bronze 1500-1650
The complete woodcarver's handbook
Medieval wooden sculpture in Sweden. 2, Romanesque and gothic sculpture
Figure carving in wood : human and animal forms
The lost Madonna : ethics and conservation / Mirja-Liisa Waismaa-Pietarila & Dr Anna-Maija Hallaksela
Totem poles. Volume 2, Totem poles according to location
Practical Woodcarving Design & Application
Worlds apart, united in wood : Fennica & Rio Negro in Bioforum
The lost madonna : ethics and conservation
Medieval wooden sculpture in Sweden. Vol. 5, The museum collection : plates
