http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p19607 accounting agencies
accounting agencies
Trend of professionalism and its reflections on educational needs in the field of business : a comparative study between Finnish and Norwegian accounting agencies
The Changing role of accountants : a field of three Finnish accounting firms
Final accounting : ambition, greed, and the fall of Arthur Andersen
Gatekeepers : the professions and corporate governance
Liikenteen tilinpäätöstilasto = Bokslutsstatistik över samfärdsel = Financial statements statistics of transport and communication. 1988.
Internet marketing bible for accountants : the complete guide to using social media and online advertising including Facebook, Twitter, Google and Linkedin for cpas and accounting firms
Abstract.
Performance review : case Accounting Company M. Metsäterä Ky
Branding a family business : case : TSP Tieto Oy
The main purpose of this thesis is to give Case Company A clear view of their customer's needs in the area of electronic reporting and support services. The objectives of this thesis are to investigate the fields of electronic reporting and electronic business management, research Case Company A's customer reporting needs, and to include how and when these reports should be delivered. A third objective is to study the reporting needs of different types of customer groups. These groups are divided according to years as an entrepreneur, number of full-time employees and turnover in 2008. Empirical research was a survey drawn-up Case Company A's customers in order to find out what type of reporting services would best support their business planning and decision-making. An empirical study was carried out as an Internet-based survey supported by personal interviews. The survey conducted for the thesis shows a clear need for support in using the reporting tools. The results also showed that the customers saw written analysis and graphic illustrations as useful parts of the accounting and payroll reports. Different customer characteristics were compared with reporting needs. The needs of the companies with a large turnover were significantly different compared with companies with a smaller turnover. Comparison of the number of personnel and entrepreneurs' years of experience did not provide clear results. By analysing the survey results, the following recommendations are given to Case Company A: training customers and personnel, changing  negative attitudes, developing the procedures and reporting.
Liikenteen tilinpäätöstilasto = Bokslutsstatistik över samfärdsel = Financial statements statistics of transport and communication. 1987.
The professional growth of an accounting agency entrepreneur
Reporting in accounting : how to support business planning and decision-making
The economics of audit quality : private incentives and the regulation of audit and non-audit services
Exploring an effective HRM strategy on recruitment and selection in a Chinese accountancy SME : the case of Shanghai Yong Fan Certified Public Accountants Ltd
