http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p19661 social sciences
social sciences
Fundamentals of case management practice : skills for the human services
The relation between categories of description and an interview protocol in a case of phenomenographic research : paper presented at the Second Annual Human Science Research Conference, Duquesne University, Pittsburgh, P.A., USA, May 18-20, 1983
World social science report
Historical empathy and perspective taking in the social studies
The social science encyclopedia
Philosophy of social science
Correspondence analysis in the social sciences : recent developments and applications
Baltic social science research in Scandinavian countries and Germany : state of the art
Current perspectives in social theory : a research annual. Volume 10
This comprehensive second edition of The Elgar Companion to Social Economics presents an overview of a dynamic and growing field in economics that emphasizes the key role that values play in the economy and in economic life. Social economics treats the economy and economics as being embedded in the larger web of social and ethical relationships. It also regards economics and ethics as essentially connected, and adds values such as justice, fairness, dignity, well-being, freedom and equality to the standard emphasis on efficiency. Leading contributors in the field elucidate a wide range of recent developments across different subject areas and topics. Contributors map the likely trends and directions of future research, making this second edition of the Companion a leading reference source and guide to social economics for many years to come. Providing concise discussion and an indication of what to expect in future decades, this interdisciplinary Companion will be of great interest to students and academics of social economics and socio-economics, as well as institutional, evolutionary and heterodox economics.It will also appeal to management scholars and those concerned with business ethics.
The Wolfenden Report of 1957 has long been recognized as a landmark in moves towards gay law reform. What is less well known is that the testimonials and written statements of the witnesses before the Wolfenden Committee provide by far the most complete and extensive array of perspectives we have on how homosexuality was understood in mid-twentieth century Britain. Those giving evidence, individually or through their professional associations, included a broad cross-section of official, professional and bureaucratic Britain: police chiefs, policemen, magistrates, judges, lawyers and Home Office civil servants; doctors, biologists (including Alfred Kinsey), psychiatrists, psychoanalysts and psychotherapists; prison governors, medical officers and probation officers; representatives of the churches, morality councils and progressive and ethical societies; approved school headteachers and youth organization leaders; representatives of the army, navy and air force; and a small handful of self-described but largely anonymous homosexuals. This volume presents an annotated selection of their voices.
Statistical methods for the evaluation of university systems
The humanization of the social sciences
The university teaching of social sciences : demography
Statistical methods for the social sciences
Qualitative research : an introduction to methods and designs
The obedience experiments : a case study of controversy in social science
Statistical models for test equating, scaling, and linking
Aspects of sociology : by The Frankfurt institute for social research
Social sciences in transition : social science information needs and provision in a changing Europe : proceedings of a European conference in Berlin, November 11th - 13th, 1994
Sociology : a systematic introduction
Abstract: J.V. Snellman as an interpreter of Hegelś Philosophy of right.
Geographical information systems and science
Presents the case for an exciting new research program in the social sciences based on the theory of recognition developed by Axel Honneth and others in recent years. The theory provides a frame for revealing new insights about conflicts and the potential of recognition theory to guide just resolutions of these conflicts is also explored.
From Bourdieu to Becker : economics confronts the social sciences
The ghost of methodologies past : untangling methods, methodologies, and  methodologists in black studies
Encyclopedia of social theory
Research in the social scientific study of religion. Volume 27
Social justice isn't what you think it is
The elements of social scientific thinking
Foundations for research : methods of inquiry in education and the social sciences
Big data and social science : a practical guide to methods and tools
Educational administration and the social sciences
A practical introduction to the main theories and methods of qualitative research for the health sciences is offered in this book. It covers the full range of conventional and new qualitative methods including ethnography, phenomenology, grounded theory, biography, action research, historical research, discourse analysis and postmodern, poststructuralist and femininst approaches to research. Carol Grbich shows that qualitative methods need to be followed just as rigorously as quantitative methods, providing examples drawn from various health fields. A practical introduction to the main theories and methods of qualitative research for the health sciences is offered in this book. It covers the full range of conventional and new qualitative methods including ethnography, phenomenology, grounded theory, biography, action research, historical research, discourse analysis and postmodern, poststructuralist and femininst approaches to research.
Scandinavian journal of public health
"What is the role of the material world in shaping the tensions and paradoxes of imperial sovereignty? Scholars have long shed light on the complex processes of conquest, extraction, and colonialism under imperial rule. But imperialism has usually been cast as an exclusively human drama, one in which the world of matter does not play an active role. Lori Khatchadourian argues instead that things - from everyday objects to monumental buildings - profoundly shape social and political life under empire. Out of the archaeology of ancient Persia and the South Caucasus, Imperial Matter advances powerful new analytical approaches to the study of imperialism writ large and should be read by scholars working on empire across the humanities and social sciences."--Provided by publisher. What is the role of the material world in shaping the tensions and paradoxes of imperial sovereignty? Scholars have long shed light on the complex processes of conquest, extraction, and colonialism under imperial rule. But imperialism has usually been cast as an exclusively human drama, one in which the world of matter does not play an active role. Lori Khatchadourian argues instead that things - from everyday objects to monumental buildings - profoundly shape social and political life under empire. Out of the archaeology of ancient Persia and the South Caucasus, Imperial Matter advances powerful new analytical approaches to the study of imperialism writ large and should be read by scholars working on empire across the humanities and social sciences.
New Strategies in Social Research
Multilevel modelling. Vol. 4, Complex models and issues
The methodological dilemma : creative, critical, and collaborative approaches to qualitative research
Adventures in Aidland : the anthropology of professional international development
Power & knowledge : the 2nd international conference, September 6-8, 2010, Tampere, Finland : program and abstracts
An introduction to market and social research : planning and using research tools and techniques
Key variables in social investigation
Continental philosophy of social science : hermeneutics, genealogy, critical theory
Dark ages : the case for a science of human behavior
Encyclopedia of social theory. Vol. 2
Chasing phenomena : studies on classification and conceptual change in the social and behavioral sciences
Essential statistics for social research
Quantity and quality in social research
Spatial practices : critical explorations in social/spatial theory
Herbert Spencer : a renewed appreciation
Crisis and contention in sociology
Text analysis for the social sciences : methods for drawing statistical inferences from texts and transcripts
Methods of social research
Professing sociology : studies in the life cycle of social science
Methods, theories, imagination : social scientific approaches in biblical studies
Readings in social theory : the classic tradition to post-modernism
Why analyze immigrants? : ethical and empirical aspects
What is this thing called retroduction?
Ethics in social research
Social research methods : an Australian perspective
Axel Honneth : A critical theory of the social
Storytelling sociology : narrative as social inquiry
Social science and policy challenges : democracy, values and capacities
The comparative analysis of human societies : toward common standards for data collection and reporting
Strategies and tactics of behavioral research
Research in the social scientific study of religion. Volume 26
Wolfenden's witnesses : homosexuality in postwar Britain
Two lectures : Stein Rokkan and the twentieth century social science : Den social rapporterings tidstypiska förankring
Anthropological interest in new subjects of research and contemporary knowledge practices has turned ethnographic attention to a wide ranging variety of professional fields. Among these the encounter with international development has perhaps been longer and more intimate than any of the others. Anthropologists have drawn critical attention to the interfaces and social effects of development's discursive regimes but, oddly enough, have paid scant attention to knowledge producers themselves, despite anthropologists being among them, which is the focus of this volume. It concerns the construction and transmission of knowledge about global poverty and its reduction but is equally interested in the social life of development professionals, in the capacity of ideas to mediate relationships, in networks of experts and communities of aid workers, and in the dilemmas of maintaining professional identities. Going well beyond obsolete debates about 'pure' and 'applied' anthropology, the book examines the transformations that occur as social scientific concepts and practices cross and re-cross the boundary between anthropological and policy making knowledge.
Collected papers. 1, The problem of social reality
Researching social life
Reflections on meta-reality : transcendence, emancipation and everyday life
The Wiley-Blackwell companion to economic geography
Research methods in social relations
Radical research : designing, developing and writing research to make a difference
The longitudinal approach : problems and possibilities in the social sciences
Instructor's resource guide for the conduct of social research
Social psychology : questions and readings in social psychology
Research methodology : the discipline and its dimensions
From poverty economics to global social policy : a sociology of aid for poverty reduction
The social worker's guide to the social sciences : the key concepts
The political economy of pensions : political support and scope for reform
Using mixed methods : frameworks for an integrated methodology
Comprehensive, authoritative, interdisciplinary, and up-to-date, this encyclopedia contains over 400 entries , exploring social and political movements and related collective phenomena throughout the world.
Imperial matter : Ancient Persia and the archaeology of empires
Experimental design in the behavioral and social sciences. Vol. 2, Hypothesis testing and inference in the behavioral and social sciences
Mathematical foundations for social analysis
The birth of biopolitics : lectures at the Collège de France, 1978-1979
Approaches to social research
The fallacy of social science research : a critical examination and new qualitative model
Managing social research : a practical guide
Bayesian methods : a social and behavioral sciences approach
Qualitative research : theory, method and practice
e-Research : transformation in scholarly practice
The relation between categories of description and an interview protocol in a case of phenomenographic research : paper presented at the Second Annual Human Science Research Conference, Duquesne University, Pittsburgh, P.A. USA, May 18-20, 1983
Persuasions and prejudices : an informal compendium of modern social science 1953-1988
The ethnographic I : a methodological novel about autoethnography
Research methods
Introduction to longitudinal research
Atoms, bytes and genes : public resistance and techno-scientific responses
An introductory bibliography for Japanese studies. Vol. 15, Part 2, Humanities 2003-04
Research methodology : techniques and trends
Crafting scholarship in the behavioral and social sciences : writing, reviewing, and editing
The scientific study of society
World social science report. 1999.
Gunnar Landtman in Papua : 1910 to 1912
Social theory : a historical introduction
The basics of social research
Conducting needs assessments : a multidisciplinary approach
The new Palgrave : social economics
Neural networks : an introductory guide for social scientists
Introducing sociology
"This two-volume reference is a comprehensive, up-to-date examination of the most important theory, concepts, methodological approaches, and applications in the burgeoning field of judgment and decision making (JDM). It brings together a multi-disciplinary group of contributors from across the social sciences, including psychology, economics, marketing, finance, public policy, sociology, and philosophy. It provides accessible, essential information, complete with the latest research and references, for experts and non-experts alike in two volumes. Emphasizes the growth of JDM applications with separate chapters devoted to medical decision making, decision making and the law, consumer behavior, and more. Addresses controversial topics (such as choice from description vs. choice from experience and contrasts between empirical methodologies employed in behavioral economics and psychology) from multiple perspectives "--
A study guide to accompany Research methods in the social sciences
The CONTA Conference : proceedings of the Conference on Conceptual and Terminological Analysis in the Social Sciences held at the Zentrum für Interdisziplinäre Forschung (ZIF), Bielefeld, FRG, May 24-27, 1981
Globalisation, global justice and social work
Research methods in social relations : with especial reference to prejudice. Part 1, Basic processes
Picturing the social landscape : visual methods in the sociological imagination
Governmentality, biopower, and everyday life
Doing qualitative research : circles within circles
Multilevel modelling. Vol. 2, Linear multilevel models : inference, diagnostics and design
"... Introductory book on the basics of social research. It provides practical and straightforward guidance for those who need to conduct small-scale research projects as part of their undergraduate, postgraduate or professional studies. ... includes new material on: the use of social media in research, including guidelines on the use of social networking sites; more on internet research and how to run online surveys; how to conduct sytematic literature reviews; getting good response rates to a survey; writing research reports; research ethics. ... an invaluable resource for anyone conducting social research including those in applied areas such as business studies, health studies, nursing, education, social work, policy studies, marketing, media studies and criminology." -- Back cover.
Power & Knowledge : the 2nd International Conference, September 6-8, 2010, University of Tampere, Finland : program and abstracts
Study guide to accompany Research methods in the social sciences
Social science and government : policies and problems
Profiles and critiques in social theory
Social psychology
The Good Research Guide by bestselling author Martyn Denscombe has established itself as the introductory book on the basics of social research. It provides practical and straightforward guidance for those who need to conduct small-scale research projects as part of their undergraduate, postgraduate or professional studies. This brand new fifth edition has been thoroughly updated and revised throughout and includes new material on: the use of social media in research, including guidelines on the use of social networking sites; more on internet research and how to run online surveys; how to conduct systematic literature reviews; getting good response rates to a survey; writing research reports; and research ethics. Retaining the clear, friendly and practical approach that has made the book a must for student researchers, the new edition includes many helpful learning features such as "at a glance" summaries in "Key Points" boxes, helpful "Checklists" to guide good practice and handy "Link-ups" between key topics across the book. Every chapter provides up-to-date further reading lists to help you develop your knowledge and research skills. This is an invaluable resource for anyone conducting social research across all business, health, education and other social science disciplines.
World social science report : knowledge divides
Open the social sciences : report of the Gulbenkian Commission on the restructuring of the social sciences
The handbook of social psychology. Vol. 1, Historical introduction ; Systematic positions
The handbook of social psychology. Vol. 2, Research methods
Multilevel modelling. Vol. 1, Linear multilevel models : model formulation and interpretation
The Norwegian pattern of international migration changed profoundly in the last part of the previous century. Norway is now an immigration country, with a significant immigration surplus from all parts of the world. This is a comparatively new phenomenon in Norwegian society. In accordance with Norwegian traditions, it called for research. During the last 10-15 years, the amount of statistics and analyses on immigration and immigrants has been growing, inside and outside Statistics Norway. Ethical aspects should be important, as this a very sensitive field. Questions have been raised as to the use of immigrant as a permanent classification in analyses, comprising even persons who never immigrated themselves. The basic idea of this article is that as long as the concept of immigrant is useful in revealing discriminatory practices, we have to carry out the analysis. Without knowledge of discrimination we cannot work effectively against it. .
Researching and teaching social issues : the personal stories and pedagogical efforts of professors of education
Approaches to social enquiry
Täyttä elämää kaikille : ylempi AMK -symposium III = Full life for all : UAS Master symposium III : proceedings
Rationalization of the university and the social science
Social research methods
The new Blackwell companion to medical sociology
Practical research and evaluation : a start-to-finish guide for practitioners
Evaluation fundamentals : guiding health programs, research, and policy
An introductory bibliography for Japanese studies. Vol. 14, pt. 1, Social sciences 2000-01
Research methods in social relations : with especial reference to prejudice. Part 2, Selected techniques
The handbook of social psychology. Vol. 4, Group psychology and phenomena of interaction
Mobile lives : self, excess and nature
This volume includes a wide range of papers that explore individual and institutional aspects of religion from a social-science perspective. The special section has articles related to the practice of prayer, and includes studies from the USA, Europe, and the Middle East. The general papers include studies on coping strategies, God representations, spirituality versus religion, self-control in a Muslim context, and faith-based organizations in Cambodia. Together these papers form a valuable collection indicating the depth and vibrancy of research in these fields.
A guide to writing and publishing in the social and behavioral sciences
New approaches in social research
"Grounded in current knowledge and professional practice, this book provides up-to-date coverage of psychometric theory, methods, and interpretation of results. Essential topics include measurement and statistical concepts, scaling models, test design and development, reliability, validity, factor analysis, item response theory, and generalizability theory. Also addressed are norming and test equating, topics not typically covered in traditional psychometrics texts. Examples drawn from a dataset on intelligence testing are used throughout the book, elucidating the assumptions underlying particular methods and providing SPSS (or alternative) syntax for conducting analyses. The companion website presents datasets for all examples as well as PowerPoints of figures and key concepts. Pedagogical features include equation boxes with English translations of all statistical notation and end-of-chapter glossaries. The Appendix offers extensions of the topical chapters with example source code from SAS, SPSS, IRTPRO, BILOG-MG, PARSCALE, TESTFACT, and DIMTEST. Key Words/Subject Areas: assessments, factor analysis, generalizability theory, item response theory, measurement theory, norming, psychological testing, psychometric methods, psychometrics, reliability, research methods, scaling, test development, test equating, tests, validity Audience: Behavioral researchers; testing and assessment professionals; graduate students and instructors in psychology, neuroscience, education, management, sociology, and public health. "--
Answering questions : methodology for determining cognitive and communicative processes in survey research
Geography in relation to the social sciences
Doing research/reading research : re-interrogating education
Experimental design in the behavioral and social sciences. Vol. 1, The experimental approach to behavioral and social sciences research
Method in Social Science : a realist approach
Applied regression analysis and generalized linear models
Research methods in social work
Social studies today : research and practice
"Atom, "byte" and "gene" are metonymies for techno-scientific developments of the 20th century: nuclear power, computing and genetic engineering. Resistance continues to challenge these developments in public opinion. This book traces historical debates over atoms, bytes and genes which raised controversy with consequences, and argues that public opinion is a factor of the development of modern techno-science. The level and scope of public controversy is an index of resistance, examined here with a "pain analogy" which shows that just as pain impacts movement, resistance impacts techno-scientific mobilization: it signals that something is wrong, and this requires attention, elaboration and a response to the challenge. This analysis shows how different fields of enquiry deal with the resistance of social-psychological mentalities in the face of industrial, scientific and political activities inspired by projected futures--
After method : mess in social science research
New ways of knowing : the sciences, society, and reconstructive knowledge
Instructor's manual to accompany Approaches to social research
Methods and applications of statistics in the social and behavioral sciences
Contemporary social philosophy
The Elgar companion to social economics
Benefit-oriented socially engaged art : two cases of social work experiment
This book presents a collection of statistical methods and procedures to assess data coming from educational systems. The topics examined include: statistical methods for constructing composite indicators, applied measurements, assessment of educational systems, measurement of the performance of the students at Italian universities, and statistical modeling for questionnaire data. Other issues are the implications of introducing different assessment criteria and procedures to the Italian university system.
Research methodology : a step-by-step guide for beginners
The good research guide : for small-scale social research projects
Fundamental statistics for the behavioral sciences
Gender approach in social research
The practice of social research
Social science : beyond constructivism and realism
The Wiley-Blackwell Encyclopedia of Social and Political Movements
An introduction to survey research and data analysis
Fashions in science : opinion leaders and collective behavior in the social sciences
Handbook on teaching social issues
Social science methodology  : a unified framework
Philosophical problems of the social sciences
Adventures in social research : data analysis using SPSS 11.0/11.5 for Windows
Multicultural social studies : using local history in the classroom
Hannah Arendt : a critical introduction
Life and work : bulletin des Internationalen sozialwissenschaftlichen Instituts der Weltkirchenkonferenz für praktisches Christentum
Information needs in the social sciences : an assessment
The social science encyclopedia. Vol. 2, L-Z
Introduction to social research : quantitative & qualitative approaches
The Wiley-Blackwell handbook of judgment and decision making
Misleading evidence and evidence-led policy : making social science more experimental
The goal of this book is to emphasize the formal statistical features of the practice of equating, linking, and scaling. This book encourages the view and discusses the quality of the equating results from the statistical perspective (new models, robustness, fit, testing hypotheses, statistical monitoring) as opposed to placing the focus on the policy and the implications, which although very important, represent a different side of the equating practice. This book contributes to establishing 'equating' as a theoretical field, a view that has not been offered often before. The tradition in the practice of equating has been to present the knowledge and skills needed as a craft, which implies that only with years of experience under the guidance of a knowledgeable practitioner could one acquire the required skills. This book challenges this view by indicating how a good equating framework, a sound understanding of the assumptions that underlie the psychometric models, and the use of statistical tests and statistical process control tools can help the practitioner navigate the difficult decisions in choosing the final equating function. This book provides a valuable reference for several groups: statisticians and psychometricians interested in the theory behind equating methods, in the use of model-based statistical methods for data smoothing, and in the evaluation of the equating results in applied work; practitioners who need to equate tests, including those with these responsibilities in testing companies, state testing agencies, and school districts; and, instructors in psychometric, measurement, and psychology programs.
Psychometric methods : theory into practice
The nature of social and educational inquiry : empiricism versus interpretation
Experimental design in the behavioral and social sciences. Vol. 3, Controls and confounds in behavioral and social sciences experiments
Social quality : from theory to indicators
The search for society : quest for a biosocial science and morality
Behavior modification in the human services : a systematic introduction to concepts and applications
From Max Weber : essays in sociology
eHealth and new learning environments in social and health care education
Research methodology
Methods for the social sciences : a handbook for students and non-specialists
Structure and subject interaction : toward a sociology of knowledge in the social sciences
Doing social research
Present shock : when everything happens now
Research methodology in social sciences
Ideology in social science : readings in critical social theory
Finland drug situation 2010 : new developments, trends and in-depth information on selected issues : 2010 national report to the EMCDDA
Psychosocial work factors and burnout : a study of a working general population and patients at a stress rehabilitation clinic
Mobility, space, and culture
Experimental design in the behavioral and social sciences. Vol. 4, Design choices and future directions in the behavioral and social sciences
Recognition theory as social research
This volume includes a wide range of papers that explore individual and institutional aspects of religion from a social-science perspective. The special section has articles from research groups in Europe, the USA and Australia on clergy work-related psychological health, stress, burnout and coping strategies. The general papers include studies on coping strategies among Buddhists, gender differences in response to church decline, teenage participation in religion, social capital among Friends of Cathedrals, psychological profiles of clergy, education effects on Roman Catholic deacons, and an analysis of prayer requests. Together these papers form a valuable collection indicating the depth and vibrancy of research in these fields.
Qualitative data analysis : a user-friendly guide for social scientist
Policy evaluation : the role of social research
Sage publications / SRM database
Principles of research design in the social sciences
Social science research in Sweden
