http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1964 touch
touch
Job's body : a handbook for bodywork
This work was done in a company named TactoTek, which is specialized in embedding electronic components into 3D molded plastic. The technology allows curved touch interfaces produced cost efficiently by integrating infrared transmitters and receivers into molded plastic. How to design an optical touch application that runs on a microcontroller of limited power and processing resources providing touch functionality that meets today’s standards. The basic concepts of infrared detection and the frustrated total internal reflection (FTIR) phenomenon are gone through. The SW and HW architecture, signal processing and algorithms are described at high level. A prototype device was developed with PC connectivity in order to read the runtime data to be displayed in the signal monitoring application and to feed the algorithm on computer. A simulator SW was developed to explore different kinds of methods for calculating touch points. The best algorithm candidate was integrated in a microcontroller providing digital interface for host device communication. The prototype’s performance and accuracy was evaluated by using a robot tester and other manual measurement methods. In the end the prototype device was integrated in a cell phone with a rebuilt mechanics.The developed touch application has an accurate multi touch functionality and allows input to be given with gloved hands. In addition, a touch size, shape and relative pressure are calculated. This study proves that this technology has potential and it can compete with the existing technologies providing a good performance, accuracy and a multi-touch functionality. The challenge in the technology is the activation sensitivity compared to the capacitive, which does not need a physical contact for a touch activation. On the other hand the FTIR panel provides a more natural and secure input method for applications where unintentional touches should be avoided. This could be advantageous in consumer applications where usually buttons and switches have been used, for example household and automotive applications. In order to achieve an optimal solution, more studies are needed in the material, hardware and signal processing.
RFID Systems and Applications in Positioning
Baby touch
This wide-ranging survey of issues in intercultural language teaching and learning covers everything from core concepts to program evaluation, and advocates a fluid, responsive approach to teaching language that reflects its central role in fostering intercultural understanding. Includes coverage of theoretical issues defining language, culture, and communication, as well as practice-driven issues such as classroom interactions, technologies, programs, and language assessment Examines systematically the components of language teaching: language itself, meaning, culture, learning, communicating, and assessments, and puts them in social and cultural context Features numerous examples throughout, drawn from various languages,international contexts, and frameworks Incorporates a decade of in-depth research and detailed documentation from the authors' collaborative work with practicing teachers Provides a much-needed addition to the sparse literature on intercultural aspects of language education
The inner heart of Reiki : rediscovering your true self
Touching for knowing : cognitive psychology of haptic manual perception
Packs six minibooks in one full-color guide: iPad Basics, Just for Fun, iPad on the Go, Getting Productive with iWork, Using iPad to Get Organized, and Must-Have iPad Apps. Covers the newest iPad features, functions, and capabilities, including the stunning retina display, voice dictation, the enhanced iSight camera, HD video recording in full 1080p.
Reiki : practical ways to harmony
Hands of light : a guide to healing through the human energy field
Professional iPhone and iPad application development
The galvanic skin response and its application to the group registration of psychophysiological processes
What’s in your smart wallet? Challenges and roadblocks
Home bodies : tactile experience in domestic space
Nordic Hug, Pure Form : Disinfection and Cleaning Packaging Solutions for Touch Screen Devices
"The basic focus which this book is concerned with, a strong new pact has been forged between Theology and Art History. Carefully calibrated methodologies have been developed to unite the world of the word and the world of the visual medium as a truly interdisciplinary research object. Historical-critical exegesis, church history, iconology and cultural anthropology together provide foundational support for knowledge of broader visual themes, and the functions of works of art. In their interplay they become the gateway to the "Interspaces of word, gaze and touch" -- Back cover.
Reiki healing : the art of healing through universal energy
iPhone and iPad App 24-hour trainer
The senses of touch : haptics, affects, and technologies
What is reiki?
This publication starts from a particular passage in the New Testament that tells the story of a “woman with an issue of blood.” The gospel relates how the so-called Haemorrhoissa is healed the very moment she touches Christ's garment. This publication forms the first - and so far the only – interdisciplinary study of this particular biblical motif from an exegetical, art-historical and anthropological point of view. Contributing scholars interpret the impact of this biblical miracle on Christian texts, material culture and healing archetypes in the Middle Ages and Early Modernity. The story and its Nachleben in literary commentaries and various iconographies unveil a particular energy in Christendom related to ideas about the female body, the role of textile, and the magical impact of touch. The Woman with the Blood Flow (Mark 5:24-34). Narrative, Iconic, and Anthropological Spaces contributes to all research in the humanities concerned with gender, the sensorium, Judeo-Christian attitudes towards blood and taboo, and early Christian material culture in the East and West. Its trajectory ultimately reveals the crucial mystery at the heart of image-making as such.
The complete book of traditional Reiki : practical methods for personal and planetary healing
The healing continuum : journeys in the philosophy of holistic health
The hand, an organ of the mind : what the manual tells the mental
Perception and its modalities
User interaction experiences on the touchscreen mobile device
Childbirth education : practice, research and theory
The book of touch
Hands off! : the disappearance of touch in the care of children
Step-by-step tapping : EFT - the amazing self-help technique to heal mind and body
Animal reiki : how to use energy to heal the animals in your life
Touch Screen Demo Board
Haptices and haptemes : a case study of developmental process in social-haptic communication of acquired deafblind people
iPod & iTunes for dummies
Incredible iPad Apps for dummies
The Current State of NFC Payments in Finland : An exploratory study on the attitudes and opinions towards NFC payments
The nurse's handbook of complementary therapies
The original Reiki handbook of Dr. Mikao Usui : the traditional Usui Reiki Ryoho treatment positions and numerous Reiki techniques and well-being
iPad all-in-one for dummies
Covers all the major options from native development to web application development -- Discusses major third party platform development acceleration tools, such as Appcelerator and PhoneGap -- Zeroes in on topics such as developing applications for Android, IOS, Windows Phone 7 and Blackberry.
Abstract: Haptices and haptemes : a case study of developmental process in touch-based communication of acquired deafblind people.
Manipulating 3D Objects with Gaze and Hand Gestures
Sensible flesh : on touch in early modern culture
Self-healing with reiki : how to create wholeness, harmony & balance for body, mind & spirit
The power of touch : handling objects in museum and heritage contexts
Empower your life with reiki : focus your body's energy for deep relaxation and inner peace
Erotic morality : the role of touch in moral agency
The pastoral counselling relationship : a touching place?
On relations between classical and quantum theories of information and probability
FTIR TOUCH PANEL FOR A MOBILE DEVICE : Architecture and prototype evaluation
Intercultural language teaching and learning
Interspaces between word, gaze and touch : the Bible and the visual medium in the Middle Ages : collected essays on 'Noli me tangere', the woman with the haemorrhage, the head of John the Baptist
The interactive multi-touch table
"No touch" policies, where caregivers, teachers, and other child workers are being informed they cannot touch children in their care, are growing in popularity. Hands Off! critically engages "no touch" by sharing related stories from the field, stories that validate the popularity of "no touch." "No touch" is presented and interrogated as a moral panic prevalent throughout our society. In an attempt to reframe "no touch," sexuality is considered when evaluating child identity and the role of the caregivers.
Touch and emotion in manual therapy
Touching space, placing touch
Cultural Chameleons and Teamwork Terminators − Promoting Intercultural Management in the Baltic Sea Region PIM 2009 as Intercultural Teamwork
Nonverbal behavior in interpersonal relations
Home Automation Using Touch Screen
Molyneux's question : vision, touch, and the philosophy of perception
Reiki for health & healing : physical and spiritual wellbeing using the energy of natire and the power of touch
Touch therapy
The magical hour : holding your baby skin to skin in the first hour after birth
Sculpture and touch
The experiences of Finnish student-nurses about touching in nursing : product report of the research-project
When teams collide : managing the international team successfully
Noli me tangere in Interdisciplinary Perspective: Textual, Iconographic and Contemporary Interpretations is a collection of 23 essays by an international group of contributors on one of the Bible's most influential iconic expressions. The prohibition expressed by the risen Jesus in John 20,17 has influenced Western culture in its Latin rendering as Noli me tangere. As such it became well-known in the visual arts and in literature. The Noli me tangere influenced philosophy and theology, theoretical discussion and practical action. This book's interdisciplinary character is reflected in the fact that it is subdivided into three parts which are of more or less equal length (see I. The Biblical Text and Its Textual Interpretation; II. The Biblical Text and Its Iconographic Interpretation; and III. The Biblical Text and Its Contemporary Interpretation). In its inter- and intra-disciplinary breadth this book could be seen as a window, a mirror and an icon. As a window, it opens up a perspective on the rich cultural and academic Wirkungsgeschichte the words of the Johannine Jesus in John 20:17, in particular in their Latin translation as Noli me tangere, have had. In this way it also documents a phase in the study of the subject. As a mirror, this book challenges the academic disciplines and in particular the scholars themselves by confronting them with their own social and historical location and the way this influences their own research. As an icon, this collection points beyond itself and reminds us that scholarship is not an island, but that in ever so implicit and indirect ways it is part of the human dream for a better world. This book is a witness to the ongoing ways in which the Noli me tangere in its Johannine context and beyond continues to create new meaning.
The reiki healing bible : transmit healing energy through your hands to achieve deep relaxation, inner peace and total well-being
In a post-apocalyptic world where everyone wears Non-Contact suits to survive and where you can never touch another person directly, Cal and Jenna have formed a football team. Not virtual - real football, with real contact. But Jenna's horrible twin Jacob is suspicious and it looks like they're headed for disaster...Can the team reach out to Jacob and convince him that making contact is also what makes us feel alive / WorldCat.
The healing power of pets : harnessing the amazing ability of pets to make and keep people happy and healthy
15-minute reiki : health and healing at your fingertips
Smart Tagging System for Diving Equipment
Fibula, fabula, fact : the Viking Age in Finland
Developments and innovations in interpreting for deafblind people : Report on a comparative study of, training of, and rights to interpreters for deafblind people
With even little or no prior programming experience, you can learn the code necessary to build an app by following the how-to instructions in this book-and-video combo. Comprised of clear, no-nonsense lessons, the book walks you through each tutorial and then encourages you to work through simple exercises so that you can immediately apply what you just learned. These lessons are backed by video demonstrations on the accompanying DVD to further illustrate the instruction and drive home the main points. In addition, the book's appendices contain helpful information such as obtaining a device UDID, testing, and distributing an app and also lists common reasons why applications are rejected, so you can prepare to take precautionary measures to avoid these instances.
This book is a translated version of her PhD, rewritten to make it accessible for worldwide publication. It documents the 16-years of practical research which underlies these new methods. Haptices and Haptemes is a part of the Social-Haptic Communication philosophy which explores how the humanistic qualities of touch can be applied to different client groups. This includes people who need to develop touch-based communication methods in healthcare and educational settings. It recognises the importance of body language and environmental information in a visual context, allowing greater interactive process between clients and their families in an expanding community.
Healing touch for children : massage, acupressure for children from 4 -12 years old
Sondra Fraleigh gathers essays that probe ideas surrounding embodied knowledge and the conscious embodiment of movement and dance. Using a variety of perspectives on movement and dance somatics, Fraleigh and other contributors draw on scholarship and personal practice to participate in a multifaceted investigation of a thriving worldwide phenomenon. Their goal: to present the mental and physical health benefits of experiencing one's inner world through sensory awareness and movement integration. A stimulating addition to a burgeoning field, Moving Consciously incorporates concepts from East and West into a timely look at life-changing, intertwined practices that involve dance, movement, performance studies, and education.
Neuroscientist Dr Jenny Barnett, and teacher and mum Alexia Barrable describe scientifically-proven methods by which children's happiness can be boosted in just a few minutes each day. With easy-to-use activities for toddlers through to teenagers, this book steers the reader through simple and practical ways, grounded in scientific research, to enhance children's - and adults' - day-to-day happiness.
The senses of touch : haptics, affects and technologies / Mark Paterson
Consensuality : Didier Anzieu, gender and the sense of touch
The handbook of touch : neuroscience, behavioral, and health perspectives
Teach yourself visually iPad
To Touch or Not to Touch? Interdisciplinary Perspectives on the Noli me tangere is based on studies which were originally written for an interdisciplinary conference entitled Noli me tangere: Word - Image - Context. The book contains eight contributions by internationally recognized specialists in the areas of philosophy (Marc De Kesel), exegesis (Esther de Boer, Erika Mohri, Turid Karlsen Seim and Reimund Bieringer), art history (Lisa Marie Rafanelli and Victor Schmidt) and literature studies (Hedwig Schwall). The collection is unique in its focus on the Noli me tangere and in its interdisciplinary nature. The narrowness of its subject, namely the prohibition of touch by the risen Christ addressed to Mary Magdalene is counterbalanced by the broadness of methodologies and approaches which are used to treat the subject. The book mirrors the many ways in which interpreters have wrestled with the topics of touch and its prohibition in the interpretation of noli me tangere in John 20:17.
"The New York Times bestselling author examines how our sense of touch and emotion are interconnected   Johns Hopkins neuroscientist and bestselling author of The Compass of Pleasure, David J. Linden presents an engaging and fascinating examination of how the interface between our sense of touch and our emotional responses affects our social interactions as well as our general health and development. Accessible in its wit and clarity, Touch explores scientific advances in the understanding of touch that help explain our sense of self and our experience of the world.  From skin to nerves to brain, the organization of the body's touch circuits powerfully influences our lives-affecting everything from consumer choice to sexual intercourse, tool use to the origins of language, chronic pain to healing. Interpersonal touch is crucial to social bonding and individual development. Linden lucidly explains how sensory and emotional context work together to distinguish between perceptions of what feels good and what feels bad. Linking biology and behavioral science, Linden offers an entertaining and enlightening answer to how we feel in every sense of the word"--
The sense of touch and its rendering : progress in haptics research
Touch : the science of the sense that makes us human
Abstract.
Anne Hooper's Kama Sutra : classic lovemaking techniques reinterpreted for todays' lovers
Palpation and assessment skills : assessment through touch : with accompanying DVD
Opportunities and challenges of touch interfaces : Analysing mobile usability with heuristic evaluation
New Technology Productization in Mobile Devices from End-User's View
Therapeutic touch : The theory and practice of
Growing up happy
Touch in early development
FTIR touch panel for a mobile device : architecture and prototype evaluation
To touch or not to touch? : interdisciplinary perspectives on the Noli me tangere
Baby massage : a practical guide to massage and movement for babies and infants
Tactile touch in intensive care : nurses' preparation, patients' experiences and the effect on stress parameters
Touching and being touched : kinesthesia and empathy in dance and movement
Professional iPhone and iPod touch programming : building applications for Mobile Safari
Finite element analysis of beam-to-beam contact
Affective Touch and the Neurophysiology of CT Afferents
The woman with the blood flow (Mark 5:24-34) : narrative, iconic, and anthropological spaces
Embodied interaction choreographies : kinesthetic approach to intelligent environment design
Touch and intimacy in First World War literature
Proceedings from the conference : visibility and collaboration of researchers in intercultural communication in Finland = visibilité et collaboration de la recherche en interculturel en Finlande
CT afferents are receptors in mammalian hairy skin that fire action potentials when the skin is touched lightly which makes them particularly important in affective touch. Traditionally neuroscientific research has focused on more discriminative and haptic properties of touch that are mediated by large myelinated afferents and the coding properties and functional organization of unmyelinated CT afferents have been studied much less. The proposed volume will draw together existing knowledge in this nascent field. Separate sections will address (1) how we can measure affective touch, (2) CT structure and physiology, (3) CT processing, (4) the contribution of CTs to sexual behavior, (5) clinical relevance, (6) commercial relevance, and (7) future research considerations.
Touch in museums : policy and practice in object handling
Noli me tangere in interdisciplinary perspective : textual, iconographic and contemporary interpretations
New dimensions in body psychotherapy
Touch in the nursing care of elderly patients
The first sense : a philosophical study of human touch
Baby massage
"Johns Hopkins neuroscientist and bestselling author of The Compass of Pleasure, David J. Linden presents an engaging and fascinating examination of how the interface between our sense of touch and our emotional responses affects our social interactions as well as our general health and development. Accessible in its wit and clarity, Touch explores scientific advances in the understanding of touch that help explain our sense of self and our experience of the world. From skin to nerves to brain, the organization of the body's touch circuits powerfully influences our lives--affecting everything from consumer choice to sexual intercourse, tool use to the origins of language, chronic pain to healing. Interpersonal touch is crucial to social bonding and individual development. Linden lucidly explains how sensory and emotional context work together to distinguish between perceptions of what feels good and what feels bad. Linking biology and behavioral science, Linden offers an entertaining and enlightening answer to how we feel in every sense of the word"--
Touch is a fundamental element of dance. The (time) forms and contact zones of touch are means of expression both of self-reflexivity and the interaction of the dancers. Liberties and limits, creative possibilities and taboos of touch convey insights into the 'aisthesis' of the different forms of dance: into their dynamics and communicative structure, as well as into the production and regulation of affects. Touching and Being Touched assembles seventeen interdisciplinary papers focusing on the question of how forms and practices of touch are connected with the evocation of feelings. Are these feelings evoked in different ways in tango, Contact improvisation, European and Japanese contemporary dance? The contributors to this volume (dance, literature, and film scholars as well as philosophers and neuroscientists) provide in-depth discussions of the modes of transfer between touch and being touched. Drawing on the assumptions of various theories of body, emotion, and senses, how can we interpret the processes of tactile touch and of being touched emotionally? Is there a specific spectrum of emotions activated during these processes (within both the spectator and the dancer)? How can the relationship of movement, touch, and emotion be analyzed in relation to kinesthesia and empathy?
NFC as an Instrument for Better Health: Assessing the Conceivability of Utilizing NFC Technology in Health and Medical Marketing
Touch : the science of hand, heart, and mind
Reiki fire : new information about the origins of the reiki power : a complete manual
The cinematic theater
Nonverbal communication with patients : back to the human touch
Healing your spine : rebalance your self and gain access to your entire life force
Samsung Galaxy tabs for dummies
The Product Authentication Application Design Based on NFC
The influence of migration on Finnish cultural identity in the twentieth century : some preliminary considerations
Touch
Nursing research : ten studies in patient care
Finnish
Coverage includes: Navigation, Alerts & Action Sheets & Modal Views, Custom Table Views, The Split View, Touch Events, Notification Processing, Networking Concepts, Multimedia, Application Preferences, Data Storage, The Pasteboard, Unit Testing, Performance Tuning and Optimization, 	Integrating iAds, Multitasking.
Learning through touch : supporting children with visual impairment and additional difficulties
Practical reiki : a step-by-step guide
The politics of multicultural encounters : feminist postcolonial perspectives
Perception
Touch : the foundation of experience
Human touch in a cross-cultural perspective
Self-healing reiki : healing for mind, body and soul
Effects of the environment, genes, and sex on physical contact received in childhood
Touch in museums : policy and practice in object handling / edited by Helen J. Chatterjee
The caring touch
Healing with touch : massage, shiatsu, reflexology and reiki : a concise guide to the theraputic power of hands
On touching, Jean-Luc Nancy
Touching : the human significance of the skin
EXPLORATION OF A RUSSIAN CONSUMER ON AN EXAMPLE OF RUSSIAN TOURISTS IN SPAIN
Palpation skills : assessment and diagnosis through touch
Body work in health and social care : critical themes, new agendas
iPad for dummies
Moving consciously : somatic transformations through dance, yoga, and touch
Mosby's complementary and alternative medicine : a research-based approach
The dialogue between Finland and United States - and the Finnish-Americans
Comfort touch : massage for the elderly and the ill
Touch screen demo board
The healing garden : a practical guide for physical & emotional well-being
iPad Application Development For Dummies?
The psychology of touch
Living the Reiki way : traditional principles for living today
