http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p19656 world history
world history
History of the 20th century
Democracy by decree : prospects and limits of imposed consociational democracy in Bosnia and Herzegovina
A study of history. Volume VII
Port towns and urban cultures : International  histories of the waterfront, c.17002000
Spicestory
The new illustrated encyclopedia of world history : ancient, medieval and modern history .... Volume 2
Modern times : the world from the twenties to the nineties
The history of Lapland
Living world history
Moonglow : a novel
An illustrated short history of the world
A man bears witness to his grandfather's deathbed confessions, which reveal his family's long-buried history and his involvement in a mail-order novelty company, World War II, and the space program.
National Geographic concise history of the world : an illustrated timeline
Dark invasion : the secret war against the Kaiser's spies
Using proximal soil sensors and fuzzy classification for mapping Amazonian Dark Earths
Killing the Bismarck : destroying the pride of Hitler's fleet
Great Explorers
Our amazing world. Cultural 2 : discover cultural sites from the Unesco World Heritage
Fort of Jungfruskär 1939 - 1999.
The encyclopedia of war : from ancient Egypt to Iraq
The languages of the world
The role of presidential advisory systems in US foreign policy-making : the case of the National Security Council and Vietnam, 1953-1961
The African rain forest during the Last Glacial Maximum, an archipelago of forests in a sea of grass
Himmler's cook
A study of World War II from the Latin American perspective, this volume offers an in-depth analysis of the region during wartime. It considers how each country dealt with commonly shared problems - the Axis threat to the national order, the extent of military cooperation with the Allies, and the war's impact on the national economy.
Iron curtain : the crushing of Eastern Europe, 1945-1956
Children's atlas of world history
The restless world 1913-63
A pageant of world history
Raven's gate : the graphic novel
The Times illustrated history of the world
Uplifted spirits, earthbound machines : studies on artists and the dream of flight, 1900-1935
"Combining the pulsating drive of Showtime's Homeland with the fascinating historical detail of such of narrative nonfiction bestsellers as Double Cross and In the Garden of Beasts, Dark Invasion is Howard Blum's gritty, high-energy true-life tale of German espionage and terror on American soil during World War I, and the NYPD Inspector who helped uncover the plot--the basis for the film to be produced by and starring Bradley Cooper. When a "neutral" United States becomes a trading partner for the Allies early in World War I, the Germans implement a secret plan to strike back. A team of saboteurs--including an expert on germ warfare, a Harvard professor, and a brilliant, debonair spymaster--devise a series of "mysterious accidents" using explosives and biological weapons, to bring down vital targets such as ships, factories, livestock, and even captains of industry like J.P. Morgan. New York Police Inspector Tom Tunney, head of the department's Bomb Squad, is assigned the difficult mission of stopping them. Assembling a team of loyal operatives, the cunning Irish cop hunts for the conspirators among a population of more than eight million Germans. But the deeper he finds himself in this labyrinth of deception, the more Tunney realizes that the enemy's plan is far more complex and more dangerous than he suspected.Full of drama and intensity, illustrated with eight pages of black and-white photos, Dark Invasion is riveting war thriller that chillingly echoes our own time"--
The Usborne little book of history
Move up : why some cultures advance and others don't
Worlds together, worlds apart. Volume 2 : from 1000 CE to the present
A short history of the world.. Vol. 2
A study of history. Volume 3, [The growths of civilizations]
A study of history. Volume X
My way : a Muslim woman's journey
Policy and economic performance in divided Korea during the Cold War era : 1945-91
Second world war
This book provides a coherent history of criminal law and homosexuality in Scandinavia 1842-1999, a period during which same-sex love was outlawed or subject to more or less severe legal restrictions in the Scandinavian penal codes. This was the case in most countries in Northern Europe, but the book argues that the development in Scandinavia was different, partly determined by the structure of the welfare state. Five of the most experienced scholars of the history of homosexuality in the region (Jens Rydström, Kati Mustola, Wilhelm von Rosen, Martin Skaug Halsos and Thorgerdur Thorvaldsdóttir) describe how same-sex desire has been regulated in their respective countries during the past 160 years. The authors with their backgrounds in history, sociology, and gender studies represent an interdisciplinary approach to the problem of criminalization of same-sex sexuality. Their contributions, consisting for the most part of previously unpublished material, present for the first time a comprehensive history of homosexuality in Scandinavia. Among other things, it includes the most extensive study yet written in any language about Iceland's gay and lesbian history. Also for the first time, the book discusses in detail same-sex sexuality between women before the law in modern society and presents previously unpublished findings on this topic. Female homosexuality was outlawed in Eastern Scandinavia, but not in the Western parts of this region. It also analyzes the modern tendency to include lesbian women in the criminal discourse as an effect of the medicalization of homosexuality and the growing influence of medical discourse on the law.
The outline of history : being a plain history of life and mankind
Just enough : lessons in living green from traditional Japan
Rozkulačeno! : půlstoletí perzekuce selského stavu = Half a century of persecution of the peasant estate
A relation between historical forest use and current dead woody material in a boreal protected old-growth forest in Finland
Terror was central to the Nazi regime, and the Nazi concentration camps were places of horror where prisoners were dehumanized and robbed of their dignity and where millions were murdered. How did prisoners cope with the brutal and degrading conditions of life within the camps? In this highly original book Maja Suderland takes the reader inside the concentration camps and examines the everyday social life of prisoners - their daily activities and routines, the social relationships and networks they created and the strategies they developed to cope with the harsh conditions and the brutality of the guards. Without overlooking the violence of the camps, the contradictions of camp life or the elusive complexity of the multicultural prisoner society, Suderland explores the hidden social practices that enabled prisoners to preserve their human dignity and create a sense of individuality and community despite the appalling circumstances. This remarkable account of social life in extreme conditions will be of great interest to students and scholars in history, sociology and the social sciences generally, as well as to a wider readership interested in the Holocaust and the concentration camps.
Abstract: The finnish psychiatric health services in the 1990's from the point of view of historical continuity.
A history of the world in six glasses
History : the definitive visual guide from the dawn of civilization to the present day
The Oxford history of western music
The secrets of Nostradamus : the Medieval code of the Master revealed in the age of computer science
Heritage has burgeoned over the past quarter of a century from a small elite preoccupation into a major popular crusade. Everything from Disneyland to the Holocaust Museum, from the Balkan wars to the Northern Irish troubles, from Elvis memorabilia to the Elgin Marbles bears the marks of the cult of heritage. In this acclaimed 1998 book David Lowenthal explains the rise of this obsession with the past and examines its power for both good and evil.
A study of history. Volume IX
An illustrated outline history of mankind. [2]
The divine campaigns : AD 1100-1200 : [Europe's feudal order, the contest for the Holy Land, Islam comes to India, Southeast Asia's temple states]
I have a dream : the speeches that changed history
People in history
Big wonders of the world
Ideal and disintegration : dynamics of the self and art at the fin-de-siècle
Into the wild
Hero : the life and legend of Lawrence of Arabia
A study of history. Vol. 10, The inspirations of historians : a note on chronology
The great divide : history and human nature in the old world and the new
Environmental change and anthropogenic impact on lake sediments during the Holocene in the Finnish-Karelian inland area
A study of history. Vol. 5, The disintegrations of civilizations
A little history of the world
Absent culture : the case of Polish Livonia
10 events that changed the World
History of the world in 1000 objects
The rise of the West : a history of the human community
In search of suitable political leadership : Japanese conservatives in occupation plans and policies 1942–1947
Fascinating footnotes from history
Speechless = Sans paroles = Sin palabras : world history without words
The beginnings of white settlement in South Africa
The landscape of consumption : shopping streets and cultures in Western Europe, 1600-1900
Can learning from the past help to predict the future in the environmental impact assessment on reindeer husbandry?
A study of history. Volume I
A study of history. Volume V
A study of history. Volume VI
Finnish botanists actively studied the flora of Karelia (Karelian Republic) and the Kola Peninsula (Murmansk Region) when Finland was a Grand Duchy of Russia in 1809-1918. J. Fellman's expeditions in 1829 were the first notable botanical expeditions to the area. Geologically and floristically the area was similar to Finland, and exploring the area was considered to be a national duty for Finnish biologists. Almost 40 Finnish scientists who travelled on the Kola Peninsula collected significant amounts of herbarium specimens from there. The specimens are mostly in H, but duplicates were distributed widely. The collectors include M. Aschan, W. M. Axelson (Linnaniemi), V. Borg (Kivilinna), M. Brenner, V. F. Brotherus, R. Envald, J. Fellman, N. I. Fellman, C. W. Fontell, E. af Hällström, H. Hollmén, P. A. Karsten, A. Osw. Kihlman (Kairamo), F. W. Klingstedt, H. Lindberg, J. Lindén, A. J. Malmberg (Mela), J. Montell, F. Nylander, J. A. Palmén, V. Pesola, P. A. Rantaniemi, J. Sahlberg, and G. Selin. A short description is given of the biographies of the most important collectors with notes on their itineraries. Details of the collections from the Kola Peninsula are mostly taken from the vascular-plant specimens kept in the Finnish main herbaria and entered in the Floristic database Kastikka of the Finnish Museum of Natural History. As to bryophytes, lichens and other fungi, only a small proportion has been entered into the database. A network of biogeographic provinces for the Kola Peninsula was created by Finnish scientists in the mid 1800s, and it is still commonly used. Changes in the boundaries of provinces in the peninsula are discussed. The herbarium data are given according to the provinces.
Ancient kings of Peru : the reliability of the Chronicle of Fernando de Montesinos : correlating the dynasty lists with current prehistoric periodization in the Andes
A history of Islamic societies
The Guinness book of historical blunders
The key
Take me back to the beginning..
The lost history of 1914 : how the Great War was not inevitable
A study of history. Volume VIII
A study of history. Volume 4, [The breakdowns of civilizations]
Categorizing otherness in the Kings' Sagas
A study of history. Volume II
From sugar triangle to cotton triangle : trade and shipping between America and Baltic Russia, 1783-1860
Our amazing world. Cultural 1 : discover cultural sites from the Unesco World Heritage
The summer isles
Red spies in America : stolen secrets and the dawn of the Cold War
Land, power and technology : essays on political economy and historical development
Cultic revelations : studies in modern historical cult personalities and phenomena
Philip's atlas of world history
A study of history. Vol. 8, Heroic ages : contacts between civilizations in space
China in world history
Light in the East, AD 1000-1100
A short history of nearly everything
The story of money : from bartering to bail-out
The measure of civilisation : how social development decides the fate of nations
Prophets of decline : the global histories of Brooks Adams, Oswald Spengler and Arnold Toynbee in the United States 1896-1961
The Times compact history of the world
World war Z : an oral history of the zombie war
The Oxford history of the twentieth century
The fall of the dynasties : the collapse of the old order 1905-1922
Finland and the United States, 1917-1919 : early years of mutual relations
History year by year
Collins atlas of world history
The map of lost memories : a novel
A dictionary of world history
History of the world
A short history of the world
Ancient history : from the first civilizations to the Renaissance
The world almanac and book of facts. 1994
A study of history. Volume 1, Introduction, The genesis of civilizations
A survey of the traditions of western music by one of the most prominent and provocative musicologists of our time, this book illuminates, through a representative sampling of masterworks, those themes, styles, and currents that give shape and direction to each musical age.
The western spread of Permic hydronyms
A study of history. Volume III
The Anchor atlas of world history. Volume 2, From French Revolution to the American Bicentennial
A history of the modern world
Wars of the 20th century
The dark
Despite the port's prominence in maritime history, its cultural significance has long been neglected in favour of its role within economic and imperial networks. Defined by their intersection of maritime and urban space, port towns were sites of complex cultural exchanges. This book, the product of international scholarship, offers innovative and challenging perspectives on the cultural histories of ports, ranging from eighteenth-century Africa to twentieth-century Australasia and Europe. The essays in this important collection explore two key themes; the nature and character of 'sailortown' culture and port-town life, and the representations of port towns that were forged both within and beyond urban-maritime communities. The book's exploration of port town identities and cultures, and its use of a rich array of methodological approaches and cultural artefacts, will make it of great interest to both urban and maritime historians. It also represents a major contribution to the emerging, interdisciplinary field of coastal studies.
A man lies dreaming
Science with a human face : the activity of the Czechoslovak scientists František Šorm and Otto Wichterle during the Cold War
The miracle of man : a survey of humanity's upward march through the ages
This paper traces the correlation between the functions of landscape, its dynamics under its human influences and the dominant images of its terrain. A great deal of attention is given to Vyborg Karelia - the part of the Karelian Isthmus ceded by Finland to the Soviet Union in 1940. The author considers the consequences on the landscape of population exchange and settlement after 1944, alterations in landscape due to increased recreation, forest protection, the abandonment of agricultural lands, bog drainage and open-cut mining. The conclusions reached concerning the landscape imagery of the region are based chiefly on an analysis of texts and pictures from between the 1950s and the 1980s, and the author's observations and research data. Predominantly examined is the perception of the residents of Leningrad (now St. Petersburg) as being the widest human cross-section vis-à-vis Vyborg Karelia at the period under examination. The radical changes in its imagery during the postwar period were wrought by: 1) great alterations in landscape functions and land use; 2) the loss of historical recollection of past landscapes in the present population; and 3) the strong ideologization of landscape perception during the Soviet period. An integral image, dominating up to now, embodies the principally "recreational model" of landscape development, one which is not completely adequate to the present state of the landscape. During the post-Soviet period, regional imagery becomes more complex and contradictory in regard to the increased transitional function of the Isthmus as a bridge between Russia and the European Union.
The new Penguin history of the world
Glimpses of world history : being further letters to his daughter, written in prison, and containing a rambling account of history for young people
Mapping the historical sense of Finland
The world is flat : a brief history of the twenty-first century
Speeches that changed the world
The new Vichy syndrome : why European intellectuals surrender to barbarism
The eye of the falcon
An introduction to world history
The demographic structures and settlement patterns of Finland have evolved during the past 10,000 years. During this time the population has grown to its present size of almost 5.2 million through phases of fast and slow increase, and occasional periods of decrease.Changes in the settlement pattern have accompanied the population growth. From the twelfth to the middle of the twentieth century, the general trend was a continuous dispersion of settlement from the southern core areas. The most significant twentieth-century redistributions of the population happened in connection with the resettling of over 400,000 refugees after World War II, and the Great Move in the 1960s and 1970s from rural to urban areas and to Sweden.Finland remained a predominantly rural country until the 1960s. Structural changes within primary production and an increasingly international economy set into motion a regional concentration of the population. Today over 80 percent of the population lives in densely built areas covering only 2.2 percent of the land area.The population's age structure and the current level of natural reproduction will lead to a fast population decrease beginning in the 2020s. The work force will decrease from 2010 onward. These demographic problems will damage the future economy and competitiveness of Finland, unless immigration is encouraged and actively supported.
An illustrated outline history of mankind. [II]
Early Netherlandish paintings : rediscovery, reception and research
International relations : the world community in transition
The upright thinkers : the human journey from living in trees to understanding the cosmos
A Study of history
Powers of the crown : AD 1600-1700 : [Tokugawa Japan, China's Manchu overlords, the great shah of Persia, civil war in England, the rise of the Dutch republic, newcomers to the New World]
A study of history. Volume IV
The world : a beginner's guide
This paper presents a brief study of the rural cultural landscape in southern Finland. Most rural landscapes in southern Finland are produced by traditional agriculture and affected by modern farming. The cultural landscape of the countryside is therefore a human cultural achievement: working the land creates the agrarian landscape. Natural processes must be yielded and acknowledged, however. The various periodic layers of the rural landscape derive from its inhabitants and their historical periods. In this way, the landscape is comprised of natural and cultural phenomena, which can be both old and new. This paper is based on a study of the rural cultural landscapes of Perniö and Karjaa in southern Finland. The examination suggests a long-term landscape development from prehistoric to historical periods.
History of the world in photographs
How the west came to rule : the geopolitical origins of capitalism
The children's atlas of world history
An illustrated outline history of mankind. 2
Intergovernmental advocates of refugees : the refugee policy of the League of Nations and the International Labour Organization in the 1920s and 1930s
The last Jews in Berlin
Global history : a short overview
Big history : from the big bang to the present
The cold war
History's worst decisions and the people who made them
Atlantic history :  a critical appraisal
The Penguin atlas of world history. 2, From the French Revolution to the present
Who really runs the global economy? Who benefits most from it? The answer is a triad of 'governance institutions' - The IMF, the World Bank and the WTO. Globalization massively increased the power of these institutions and they drastically affected the livelihoods of peoples across the world. Yet they operate undemocratically and aggressively promote a particular kind of neoliberal capitalism. Under the 'Washington Consensus' they proposed, poverty was to be ended by increasing inequality. This new edition of "Unholy Trinity", completely updated and revised, argues that neoliberal global capitalism has now entered a period of crisis so severe that governance will become impossible. Huge incomes for a small number of super-rich people produced an unstable global economy, rife with speculation and structurally prone to crises. The IMF is in disgrace, the WTO can hardly meet anymore and the World Bank survives as a global philanthropist. Is this the end for the Unholy Trinity?
War and peace in the ancient world
Modern times : a history of the world from the 1920s to the 1990s
Mammoth book of the World Cup
In our time : the world as seen by magnum photographers
The Oxford companion to World War II
A Surrealist bomb transfigures war-torn Paris into a phantasmagoric dreamscape, unleashing a race of nightmarish creatures.
A history of the world
Ideas that changed the world
A world history
Inside concentration camps : social life at the extremes
The uses and abuses of history
The story of the world
Criminally queer : homosexuality and criminal law in Scandinavia 1842-1999
The presence of the past in politics : "1956" after 1956 in Hungary
The concise encyclopaedia of world history
Latin America during world war II
The profession of violence : the rise and fall of the Kray twins
Encyclopedia of world history : ancient, medieval and modern, chronologically arranged
Flashpoints : the emerging crisis in Europe
The great escape : health, wealth, and the origins of inequality
Speeches that changed the world : the stories and transcripts of the moments that made history
A history of civilization. Vol. 1, Prehistory to 1715
A study of history. Volume 2, [The genesis of civilizations]
The World Crisis 1911-1918
The earth and its peoples : a global history
Way of the world : from the dawn of civilizations to the eve of the twenty-first century
Japan in world history
A study of history
A child's eye view of history
A study of history. Volume 6, [The disintegrations of civilizations]
The Usborne Encyclopedia of World History
History and life : the world and its people
Estonia gravitates towards Sweden : nordic identity and activist regionalism in world war I
What is the world of the 21st century like now that the centrality of the West is no longer given? How were the societies and cultures of today's world together with their interconnections forged, and what is driving human society in our times? In short, what is the state of the world today as we enter the second decade of the 21st century? This is the first book which deals with planetary human society as whole. It is a beginner's guide to the world after the West and after globalization, compact, portable, and jargon-free. It is aimed at everybody who, even with experience, has kept a begi.
Big history : our incredible journey, from big bang to now
Vermeer's hat : the seventeenth century and the dawn of the global world
Chronicle of war : 1914 to the present day
World History
Memory meanders : place, home and commemoration in an ex-Rhodesian diaspora community
An illustrated outline history of mankind. [I]
The world crisis. [4] : The aftermath
History's turning points
The world : an illustrated history
The evolution of EU law
The landscape of the Karelian Isthmus and its imagery since 1944.
And the band played on : politics, people, and the AIDS epidemic
Wake up and dream
The age of expansion 1848-1917
On a September day in Manhattan in 1939, twenty-something Caroline Ferriday is consumed by her efforts to secure the perfect boutonniere for an important French diplomat and resisting the romantic advances of a married actor. Meanwhile across the Atlantic, Kasia Kuzmerick, a Polish Catholic teenager, is nervously anticipating the changes that are sure to come since Germany has declared war on Poland. As tensions rise abroad - and in her personal life - Caroline's interest in aiding the war effort in France grows and she eventually comes to hear about the dire situation at the Ravensbruck all-female concentration camp. At the same time, Kasia's carefree youth is quickly slipping away, only to be replaced by a fervor for the Polish resistance movement. Through Ravensbruck - and the horrific atrocities taking place there told in part by an infamous German surgeon, Herta Oberheuser - the two women's lives will converge in unprecedented ways and a novel of redemption and hope emerges that is breathtaking in scope and depth.
Finnish botanists on the Kola Peninsula (Russia) up to 1918.
Bloodlands : Europe between Hitler and Stalin
The article looks at the development of cartographic representations of Finland from a social constructionist perspective. The image of Finland, as portrayed on maps, has contributed significantly to the Finnish nation-building process. As a medium for the dissemination of information, maps have enabled the broad popularisation of the idea of Finland as a unified territory and nation. Maps have also helped to build the sense of Finnishness by representing the country in exclusively Finnish terms, e.g., with Finnish place names. Finally, maps build the sense of a continuous national history by situating political and cultural events and portraying these in a timeless manner. In all, maps are powerful representations that should be assessed as agents of change rather than passive objects.
The university history of the world
Unholy trinity : the IMF, World Bank, and WTO
The age of calamity : AD 1300-1400 : [the hundred year's war, the rise of the Ottomans, the fury of the Steppes, China's brilliant dynasty, the African empires]
The story of mankind
Forestry in Namibia 1850-1990
We tested if hand-carried field proximal soil sensing (PSS) can be used to map the distribution of anthropogenic Amazonian Dark Earths (ADE). ADE soils are rich in archaeological artefacts, nutrients, organic matter and carbon in the very stable form of pyrogenic carbon, also referred to as black carbon or biochar. To test the capacity of PSS to detect signature ADE properties we measured electrical conductivity (ECa), magnetic susceptibility (MSa) and gamma ray data by transect sampling and compared these readings, using fuzzy classification, with datasets on chemical soil properties from a 28 ha large study area located on the Belterra Plateau of the Lower Amazon in northern Brazil. Results indicate that ECa and MSa measurements were good indicators of ADE signatures, but that the gamma radiation sensor was less useful in the deeply weathered soils. PSS and fuzzy classification can be used for rapid field mapping of ADE for both agricultural and archaeological purposes.
The human venture. Volume II : The globe encompassed: a world history since 1500
The human venture. Volume I : The great enterprice: a world history to 1500
Revealing the Green Man : the restoration of the oldest religion on planet Earth
The Cassell atlas of the modern world : 1914-present
The new Cambridge modern history. Volume 12, The era of violence 1898-1945
The time traveler's handbook : 18 experiences from the eruption of Vesuvius to Woodstock
National religion and the prayer book controversy
Civilization : the six killer apps of Western power
The last days of new Paris
The blitz : a very peculiar history : with no added doodlebugs
Warspite
Mysterious places
The Times concise atlas of the world history
Tribes, empires & civilizations through the ages
Work, trade & farming through the ages
Junior chronicle of the 20th century
A short history of civilization
Lifelines from our past : a new world history
The wayfinders : why ancient wisdom matters in the modern world
Since 1945 : aspects of contemporary world history
The heritage crusade and the spoils of history
100 events that made history : memorable moments that shaped the modern world
A little history of the world : illustrated edition
The great documents of western civilization
A history of civilization. Vol. 2, 1715 to the present
The United States in world history : from its beginnings to world leadership
A study of history. 11, Historical atlas and gazetteer
Human touch, natural processes: The development of the rural cultural landscape in southern Finland from past to present
Estonians in the world : an overview of number and localization 1850-1990
Perspectives on the Taiwan issue
Handbook of world history : concepts and issues
"The Korean peninsula during the Cold War provided a cruel but historically unparalleled real-world "experiment" in the relationship between polity and material advance: an ethnically and culturally homogenous nation was, in 1945, suddenly divided by an arbitrary boundary line and then subjected to two radically different and adversarial political economies for successive decades on end. Assessing the competition between the North and South Korean economies from partition to the end of the Soviet era, Nicholas Eberstadt argues that the storyline is not quite as simple as the now-prevailing narrative suggests (that centrally-planned economies are doomed to fail against market-oriented alternatives). Rather, he suggests, the race for material progress was just that: a race, the results of which were far from preordained at the outset. In Policy and Economic Performance in Divided Korea during the Cold War Era: 1945-91, Eberstadt presents an impressive compilation of hard-to-find comparative data on economic performance for the Democratic People's Republic of Korea (DPRK, or North Korea) and the Republic of Korea (ROK, or South Korea) over two critical generations. By a number of indicators, Eberstadt argues, Kim Il Sung's North Korea actually outperformed South Korea for much of this period -- not only in the years immediately following partition, but perhaps also into the 1970s. To explain these surprising results, Eberstadt details the impact of government policies on the course of growth of both economies and offers some unorthodox observations about material performance under these two contending polities. He finds that prevailing economic development theory on such issues as planned-versus-market economies, military burden, and the relationship between material advance and poverty, may require reexamination in light of the experience of the two Koreas between partition and the end of the Cold War." --Back cover.
Larousse encyclopedia of ancient and medieval history
Why did the whole world go to war? : and other questions about ... World War II
Ways of escape
The sea and civilization : a maritime history of the world
A study of history. Vol. 7, Universal states : universal churches
The world since 1945
Childhood in World History
1913 : the world before the Great War
Sapiens : a brief history of humankind
An outline history of the world
The Anchor atlas of world history. Volume 1, From the Stone Age to the eve of the French Revolution
War and gold : a five-hundred-year history of empires, adventures and debt
Beastly best bits : the executioner's cut
The Penguin dictionary of twentieth century history
Malayan spymaster : memoirs of a rubber planter, bandit fighter, and spy
The age of the horse : an equine journey through human history
