http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p19653 grandfathers
grandfathers
Travels in the scriptorium
The round house
Crew and Co. : A collection of six stories
There's broccoli in my ice cream!
The classic collection. Vol. III
Boy soldier
A man bears witness to his grandfather's deathbed confessions, which reveal his family's long-buried history and his involvement in a mail-order novelty company, World War II, and the space program.
Lovely old lion
The football ghosts
The memory cage
When Grandad was a penguin
Circus Mirandus
Goldbergs. Season 1, The complete first season
All along the river
A balloon for grandad
For you are a Kenyan child
The Christmas sweater : a picture book
The old curiosity shop
Lollipop and grandpa go swiming
Wave the flag and blow the whistle
Lola and the rent-a-cat
The horse dancer
Cockneys vs zombies
Old Bob's brown bear
The dandelion years
Alcatraz versus the evil Librarians
North of Nowhere
George's racing car
Foster child Alcatraz Smedry receives a bag of sand which is stolen by the evil Librarians who are trying to take over the world, and Alcatraz is introduced to his grandfather and his own talent, and told that he must use it to save civilization.
Ballistics
Ghesehaue Babajan  = Grandpa's stories
Getting-to-Grandad Bears
A Russian novel
Monsieur Linh and his child
Can you whistle, Johanna?
Magic kitten : double trouble
Snakes and ladders
Now - after
Moonglow : a novel
Little ghost Wicky
Gus & me : the story of my granddad and my first guitar
Whirlwind : the third magnificently secret diary of Martha Grimstone
Long-Long's New Year : a story about the Chinese Spring Festival
North of nowhere
The porcupine of truth
Really and truly : a story about dementia
Back to Blackbrick
Insects galore : a collection of six stories
The porridge of knowledge
A Sunday with Grandpa
The tiger's wife : a novel
The grandma hunt
Royal tour
Penelope Crumb follows her nose
This first book from Chicago author Chris Ware is a pleasantly-decorated view at a lonely and emotionally-impaired "everyman" (Jimmy Corrigan, the Smartest Kid on Earth), who is provided, at age 36, the opportunity to meet his father for the first time. An improvisatory romance which gingerly deports itself between 1890's Chicago and 1980's small town Michigan, the reader is helped along by thousands of colored illustrations and diagrams, which, when read rapidly in sequence, provide a convincing illusion of life and movement. The bulk of the work is supported by fold-out instructions, an index, paper cut-outs, and a brief apology, all of which concrete to form a rich portrait of a man stunted by a paralyzing fear of being disliked.
You're amazing, Anna Hibiscus!
Jimmy Corrigan : the smartest Kid on earth
Slow down, George!
Bābā jān-i qișșah gūy = Grandpa, the Storyteller
The great castle of Marshmangle
Lila and the secret of rain
The lollipop knight
Time travelling with a hamster
Snow bear
Jack's big race
Diary of the fall
Little lord Fauntleroy
The emperor of any place
Grandad's island
The border town;  a novel
Melody forest : in the footsteps of Jean Sibelius
I love my grandpa
Harris finds his feet
All the king's horses
Learning to scream
Jimmy Corrigan : the smartest kid on earth
The football ghost
My grandpa
Qissah ha-yi baba Jan = Grandpa's stories
A walk in Paris
Max And The Tag Along Moon
Map of days
Postcards from no man's land
My grandfather would have shot me : a black woman discovers her family's Nazi past
Dino Tales : A collection of six stories
Matka 2 : salainen saari = Journey 2 : the mysterious island
From cultivation to culture : a personal approach to the relationship between countryside and city
