http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p19660 international comparison
international comparison
BIS quarterly review
Estimated world requirements of narcotic drugs in ..
International fact & price book
"Today the United Nations is more important than ever before" really? : analysis of the Finnish and Swedish communication styles in the General Debate of the United Nations General Assembly 1990-1999
The world factbook
Well-being in socio-political context : European welfare regimes in comparison
Analyses of historical and future problems of sustainable development : research articles in spatial sustainability analysis, planning and evaluation
International yearbook of educational and training technology
FAO yearbook. Fishery statistics : commodities
The social patterning of health, smoking and drinking in Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania and Finland in 1994-2004
Pocket world in figures
Evaluation of biotechnology research utilisation in Finland
ICCS 2009 European report : civic knowledge, attitudes, and engagement among lower-secondary students in 24 European countries
Individual-level determinants of social capital in Europe : differences between country groups
International banking statistics 1977-1991
Comparative GDP levels : physical indicators, phase III
World mineral production
Two sides of the coin : trust building as positive propaganda in the Finnish and French euro campaign
World refugee survey
Energy balances and electricity profiles
The world's women : trends and statistics
World population prospects : the 2004 revision. Vol. 2, The sex and age distribution of the world population
Milk, milk products and egg balances in OECD member countries
The Finnish employment and income security models in a Nordic comparison
Poverty in transition?
The illusion of the prolongation of youth
Has the developing world developed modern concepts of stress? Are coping methods the same around the globe? Such questions are not simple to answer, and until recently, few knew to ask them. In recent years, Western psychologists have recognized that their prevailing views of psychology do not always translate worldwide, and that no culture has a monopoly on either stress or coping. "The Handbook of Multicultural Perspectives on Stress and Coping" was created to address this realization. This unique volume moves beyond simple comparisons of behaviors in other countries by clarifying critical concepts in stress and coping, analyzing and synthesizing vast amounts of global data, and identifying constructs and methodologies necessary for meaningful cross-cultural research. An international, multiethnic panel of forty-five contributors presents elegant studies of stress, survival, and resilience as cultures evolve and countries interact, including: personal transformation as a coping strategy; psychological skills that enhance intercultural adjustment; individual versus collectivist values in coping; and Buddhist and Taoist traditions in coping. It provides details about the cumulative effects of historical, environmental, and political stressors on nations in the Middle East - Specific cross-cultural perspectives, from Latino-American families to Canadian aboriginal peoples to minority university students. The editors have assembled a vital store of knowledge, raising crucial implications for clinicians working with immigrant/international populations, and evaluating the current state of theory, research, and assessment. The Handbook documents major steps toward scientific advancement, and human understanding.
Some uses of accident data in maritime occupational safety
The use of coercion in the Finnish civil psychiatric inpatients : a part of the Nordic project Paternalism and Autonomy
Views on future maritime occupational accident statistics
Nordic students abroad : student mobility patterns, student support systems and labour market outcomes
Workplace health promotion in Europe : the role of national health policies and strategies
Basic education and literacy : world statistical indicators
World employment
There is increased awareness of the need for palliative care for chronic diseases. However, there remains a huge unmet need for palliative care for chronic life-limiting health problems in most parts of the world. The purpose of this Atlas is to shine a light on the need for palliative care globally and to provide useful information for those wishing to increase access. This document addresses the following questions: What is palliative care? Why is palliative care a human rights issue? What are the main diseases requiring palliative care? What is the need for palliative care? What are the barriers to palliative care? Where is palliative care currently available? What are the models of palliative care worldwide? What resources are devoted to palliative care? What is the way forward?
A "unique culture"? : migration, nostalgia, alcoholism, suicide and religious revival in Finland
Patterns of first marriage : timing and prevalence
An international survey of book production during the last decades
Opportunities, constraints and constrained opportunities : a study on mothers' working time patterns in 22 European countries
International historical statistics : the Americas 1750-1988
Regional science-based clusters : a case study of three European concentrations
The state of the world environment
World bulk trades
Yearbook of construction statistics
Gendering citizenship in Western Europe : new challenges for citizenship research in a cross-national context
Global report on crime and justice
This book provides a coherent history of criminal law and homosexuality in Scandinavia 1842-1999, a period during which same-sex love was outlawed or subject to more or less severe legal restrictions in the Scandinavian penal codes. This was the case in most countries in Northern Europe, but the book argues that the development in Scandinavia was different, partly determined by the structure of the welfare state. Five of the most experienced scholars of the history of homosexuality in the region (Jens Rydström, Kati Mustola, Wilhelm von Rosen, Martin Skaug Halsos and Thorgerdur Thorvaldsdóttir) describe how same-sex desire has been regulated in their respective countries during the past 160 years. The authors with their backgrounds in history, sociology, and gender studies represent an interdisciplinary approach to the problem of criminalization of same-sex sexuality. Their contributions, consisting for the most part of previously unpublished material, present for the first time a comprehensive history of homosexuality in Scandinavia. Among other things, it includes the most extensive study yet written in any language about Iceland's gay and lesbian history. Also for the first time, the book discusses in detail same-sex sexuality between women before the law in modern society and presents previously unpublished findings on this topic. Female homosexuality was outlawed in Eastern Scandinavia, but not in the Western parts of this region. It also analyzes the modern tendency to include lesbian women in the criminal discourse as an effect of the medicalization of homosexuality and the growing influence of medical discourse on the law.
Employment relationship : a comparative overview
University research performance : influence of funding competition, policy steering and micro-level factors
Experiences of crime across the world : key findings from the 1989 International Crime Survey
Tobacco control policy : strategies, successes, and setbacks
Abstract: Referendums and democracy.
Northern lights on PISA 2009 : focus on reading
Metal bulletin's prices & data book
Energy balances of non-OECD countries
Potentials : design in the field : new discourse on craft development 1-2
The world banana economy 1970-1984 : structure, performance and prospects
Women : ...a world survey
World outlook : forecasts of political and economic trends for... in over 165 countries
Entrepreneurship at a glance 2014
The future of the book. Part 3, New technologies in book distribution : the United States experience
World population - turning the tide : three decades of progress
Health in all policies : prospects and potentials
The market for fresh horticultural products in selected Gulf countries
Saleable compromises : quality cultures in Finnish and US commercial radio
Differences in taxation on heavy goods vehicles in Europe
Population growth, structure and distribution : the concise report
Population distribution and urbanization : ECA member states
World statistical compendium for raw hides and skins, leather and leather footwear
Business transfer ecosystems and awareness raising activities : situation analysis of five European countries
Statistical tables
PISA06 Finland : analyses, reflections and explanations
Iron and steel scrap : its significance and influence on further developments in the iron and steel industries
Global status report on alcohol and health
The re-emergence of small enterprises : industrial restructuring in industrialised countries
Profiles of second language learners in bilingual education : a comparative study of the characteristics of Finnish and American students
Informal social control of drinking : Finland in the light of international comparison
Basic statistical data on selected countries : with populations of less than 5 million
World media handbook
Minerals yearbook
Supplement to the Bulletin of labour statistics
Democracy, intermediation and voting on four continents
Historically planned economies : a guide to the data
Major import markets for wooden household furniture
Comparative world data : a statistical handbook for social science
Doing business 2016 : measuring regulatory quality and efficiency : comparing business regulation for domestic firms in 189 economies : a World Bank Group flagship report
Three countries - three profiles : facts and figures : meeteing of three prime ministers 10 october 2003, Finlandia hall, Helsinki
Mineral commodity summaries
Direction of trade yearbook
Paper : European data book
Teachers' professional development : Europe in international comparison : an analysis of teachers' professional development based on the OECD's Teaching and Learning International Survey (TALIS)
Annual review of engineering industries and automation
Global Atlas of Palliative Care at the End of Life
IRM directory of statistics of international investment and production
Trends in health status, services, and finance : the transition in Central and Eastern Europe. Vol. 1
The world in figures
Milk and milk products balances in OECD countries
Science, technology and industry outlook 1996.
Mapping communication and media research : conjunctures, institutions, challenges
FAO yearbook. Fishery statistics. Capture production = FAO annuaire. Statistiques de pêches. Captures = FAO anuario. Estadísticas de pesca. Capturas
The state of the world's refugees
Commodity trade and price trends
The world market for dairy products
Doing Business 2016 is the 13th publication in a series of annual reports comparing business regulation in 189 economies. This year the publication addresses regulations affecting 11 areas of everyday business activity including: Starting a business Dealing with construction permits Getting electricity Registering property Getting credit Protecting minority investors Paying taxes Trading across borders Enforcing contracts Resolving insolvency Labor market regulations Doing Business 2016 updates all indicators as of June 1, 2015, ranks economies on their overall ease of doing business, and analyzes reforms to business regulation identifying which economies are strengthening their business environment the most. This report illustrates how reforms in business regulations are being used to analyze economic outcomes for domestic entrepreneurs and for the wider economy. It is a flagship product produced by the World Bank Group that garners worldwide attention on regulatory barriers to entrepreneurship. More than 60 economies have used the Doing Business indicators to shape reform agendas and monitor improvements on the ground. In addition, the Doing Business data has generated over 2,000 articles in peer-reviewed academic journals since its inception.
Mineral facts and problems
Translating international achievement tests : translators’ view
Are the healthier wealthier or the wealthier healthier? : the European evidence
School leadership en-route to 'grand leap' : case studies from Nepal and Finland
Possibilities of co-operation in maritime occupational statistics
Practising social work ethics around the world : cases and commentaries
Major import markets for builders' woodwork
Demographic causes and economic consequences of population aging : Europe and North America
Travel and tourism barometer
Fragmentation : new production patterns in the world economy
Meeting future needs of Finnish working life through a healthy workforce : 2009 international evaluation of the Finnish Institute of Occupational Health
The state of world population
Summary.
"Reliable statistics of occupational accidents are necessary for rational improvement of safety of seafarers by benchmarking. Several organisations regularly publish maritime occupational accident data, but the comparisons and benchmarking are difficult for several reasons, which are discussed in this commentary. For this purpose, the content of published information was analysed in view of similar features and the possibilities of joint uses of the data were reviewed for four Nordic countries. The main purpose of this publication is to start a discussion on how the statistic information of maritime occupational accidents could be made comparable for the Nordic countries. The project CAFE was funded by the EU, the Regional Council of Päijät-Häme, Turku University of Applied Sciences and the participants from the industry. " --
TTI country reports
Barometer of travel and tourism
Yearbook of international commodity statistics
This is a collectively written, inter-disciplinary, thematic cross-national study which combines conceptual, theoretical, empirical and policy material in an ambitious and innovative way to explore a key concept in contemporary European political, policy and academic debates. The first part of the book clarifies the various ways that the concept of citizenship has developed historically and is understood today in a range of Western European welfare states. It elaborates on the contemporary framing of debates and struggles around citizenship. This provides a framework for three policy studies, looking at: migration and multiculturalism; the care of young children; and home-based childcare and transnational dynamics. The book is unusual in weaving together the topics of migration and childcare and in studying these issues together within a gendered citizenship framework. It also demonstrates the value of a multi-level conceptualisation of citizenship, stretching from the domestic sphere through the national and European levels to the global. The book is aimed at students of social policy, sociology, European studies, women's studies and politics and at researchers/scholars/policy analysts in the areas of: citizenship; gender; welfare states; and, migration.
Why do some country's hi-tech firms innovate better than others? Why did hi-tech firms from the United States outperform such Japanese companies in the 1990s? Through a wealth of empirical evidence, the book compares the development trajectory of manufacturing technology and information technology both between Japanese companies and between companies based in the US, Europe, Australia, India and China. This book shows that institutional systems such as culture, tradition, consumers and local business practices play key roles in how companies develop technology. These factors also influence the very characteristics of the products that the hi-tech firms produce. With a number of case studies the author demonstrates how the most successful and innovative companies recognize these roles and incorporate them into their practices.
World culture report
Development of airborne equipment to intensify world food production
Statistics on narcotic drugs for ..
Prospects for the world cocoa market until the year 2005
Change of norm? : in-work poverty in a comparative perspective
Handbook of multicultural perspectives on stress and coping
Family doctors' journey to quality
Managing innovation in Japan : the role institutions play in helping or hindering how companies develop technology
Strategy papers on the Arctic or high north : a comparative study and analysis
School-to-work transitions in international comparison
When teams collide : managing the international team successfully
al-Naqd wa-al-iʼtimān fī al-duwal al-ʻArabīyah / Money and credit in Arab countries / Arab Monetary Fund
Guide to international transfer pricing : law, tax planning and compliance strategies
Annual oil and gas statistics
Industrial restructuring in selected countries in transition
School differences and inequities in educational outcomes : PISA 2000 results of reading literacy in Finland
Commonwealth yearbook
The European human rescource management guide
Two sides of the coin - rights and duties : the interface between environmental law and Saami law based on a comparison with Aoteoaroa/New Zealand and Canada
The europ[e]anisation of occupational health services : a study of the impact of EU policies
The Finnish success in Pisa - and some reasons behind it : Pisa 2000
Criminally queer : homosexuality and criminal law in Scandinavia 1842-1999
The ILO principle of equal pay and its implementation
Initial findings from the IEA International civic and citizenship education study
Labour relations in 18 countries
World commodity outlook. Food, feedstuffs & beverages
CO2 emissions from fuel combustion : a new basis for comparing emissions of a major greenhouse gas 1972-1995
World currency yearbook
The steel market in ... and prospects for ..
Handbook of international trade and development statistics
Implementation of IFRS in Finland and in the UK
Enacting equity in education : towards a comparison of equitable practices in different European local contexts
UNECE countries in figures
Tiivistelmä: Pakon käyttö psykiatristen potilaiden sairaalahoidossa Suomessa : osio yhteispohjoismaista projektia Paternalism and Autonomy.
World fleet statistics
World migration
The world market for bovine meat
Global higher education rankings 2005 : affordability and accessibility in comparative perspective
International perspectives on elder abuse
World economic and social survey. 2014/2015, Learning from national supporting MDG implementation
Ethics is an increasingly important theme in social work practice. Worldwide, social workers experience common ethical challenges (how to be fair, whether to break a rule, how to act in politically tense situations) in very different contexts -- from disaster relief in China to child protection work in Palestine. This book takes as its starting point real life cases featuring ethical problems in the areas of: negotiating roles and boundaries, respecting rights, being fair, challenging and developing organisations and working with policy and politics. Each case opens with a brief introduction, is followed by two commentaries and ends with questions for reflection. The commentaries, written by authors from different countries, refer to relevant theories, concepts, practical matters, alternative courses of action and their implications. Features within the book include: An introductory chapter covering issues of global ethics Cases and commentaries drawn from across the world -- from Peru to Finland Cases based on real life situations and chapter introductions from leading authorities in social work and ethical theory Questions and practical exercises to aid teaching and professional development This book is a unique and accessible resource for stimulating ethical reflection, expanding ethical horizons and developing ethical and intercultural sensitivity. It is designed for use by undergraduate and postgraduate students and professionals in the fields of social work, social education/pedagogy, social care work, international social work, community development, community organisation, youth work and related fields.
Balance of payments statistics
Monthly bulletin of statistics
Abortion policies : a global review. Vol. 3, Oman to Zimbabwe
Work and family : an international research perspective
The Sage handbook of education for citizenship and democracy
Consumer Price Index
International practice and policy trends in international labour immigration
Changing decision-making power of municipal leaders : comparative experiences from Finnish, Spanish and Slovak municipalities
Unemployment and labour market flexibility : Sweden
