http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1963 sports events
sports events
Mega events in post-Soviet Eurasia : shifting borderlines of inclusion and exclusion
Development And Marketing Guideline Plan for Reiska Tournament
Essays on the demand for cultural performances
Improving the surf event attraction by creating the guidelines for surf event promotion
Sport, recreation and tourism event management : theoretical and practical dimensions
First Annual Sports Meet of the Deaf : on Friday 16th January 1987 at Aga Khan Gymkhana, Karachi
Traveller and fan identities of the Finnish football fans
Sport promotion and sales management
Ice hockey team's direct economic impact on other businesses in Jyväskylä : case : JYP Jyväskylä Oy
Sporting events and event tourism : impacts, plans and opportunities
Event management : a developmental and managerial approach
Sport tourism destinations : issues, opportunities and analysis
Event management : for tourism, cultural, business and sporting events
Project manager's work in organizing and managing Nice Run Events
Sport tourism : interrelationship, impacts and issues
The Ultimate guide to sports marketing
Sport and safety management
Sports and their fans : the history, economics and culture of the relationship between spectator and sport
Event management in sport, recreation and tourism : theoretical and practical dimensions
Out of bounds : sports, media, and the politics of identity
The business of sport management
Sport as an industry in Finland : exploring the economic significance, contributions, and development of the sport sector as an industry
Sport facility management : organizing events and mitigating risks
Greening our games : running sports events and facilities that won't cost the Earth
Exploring and analyzing a risk management framework for an influential sporting event : case: World Masters Athletics Championship - Jyväskylä, Finland
Event management : an international journal
Marketing strategy in a changing organization : case study: Tuton naisjaosto
Eventdesign Jahrbuch 2010 2011 = Event design yearbook 2010 2011
A year of sport travel : experience the greatest sporting events in the world
Managing sport events
Sport and leisure operations management
Event management for sport directors
Highland games : the making of the myth
Nowadays, sports Mega-events - with the Olympic Games leading the way, go to immense effort to showcase their environmental credentials. With that in mind, this book compares and contrasts the environmental credentials of four Olympic Host cities starting with Sydney 2000, the host of the first Green Summer Olympics, and culminating with London 2012. Setting out a comparative cross-national study that makes extensive use of perspectives offered by environmental sociology, this book showcases the scientific analytical vigour of this sociological sub-discipline. Since in most cases, the linkages between hosting the Games and the environment that are made by the general public and policy-makers are mostly in relation to the regeneration of the host city, this book engages with this type of environmental related contributions that can be made by Olympic Games hosting. Yet, inspired by the emphasis that the International Olympic Committee (IOC) gives on the environmental impact and legacy of Games in terms of the Ecological Modernization (EM) perspective, the book engages with the potential imbued by Olympic Games hosting for the EM of the host nation.
Sporting mega-events and the residents : assessing the IAAF World Champonships 2005
Special occasion photography
Consumer behaviour in sport and events : marketing action
50 races to run before you die
TV rights and sport : legal aspects
Pre-modern games in a modern world : a case of public festivals as rational recreation in 19th century Finland
Collaborational physical activity project during the national arthritis week in Pori region
Abstract: Collaborational physical activity project during the national arthritis week in Pori region.
Organizer's decision-making process during sport event tourism management in Finland : a case study of Finlandia Marathon 2007 in Jyväskylä
Project management of an international golf event : case: The Finnish Amateru Championship
Do we watch sport for pure dumb entertainment? While some people might do so, Stephen Mumford argues that it can be watched in other ways. Sport can be both a subject of high aesthetic values and a valid source for our moral education. The philosophy of sport has tended to focus on participation, but this book instead examines the philosophical issues around watching sport. Far from being a passive experience, we can all shape the way that we see sport. Delving into parallels with art and theatre, this book outlines the aesthetic qualities of sport from the incidental beauty of a well-executed football pass to the enshrined artistic interpretation in performed sports such as ice-skating and gymnastics. It is argued that the purist literally sees sport in a different way from the partisan, thus the aesthetic perception of the purist can be validated. The book moves on to examine the moral lessons that are to be learned from watching sport, depicting it as a contest of virtues. The morality of sport is demonstrated to be continuous with, rather than separate from, the morality in wider life, and so each can inform the other. Watching sport is then recognised as a focus of profound emotional experiences. Collective emotion is particularly considered alongside the nature of allegiance. Finally, Mumford considers why we care about sport at all.
Marketing of Nice Run
Watching sport : aesthetics, ethics and emotion
Case Forssan Suvi-ilta : cohesion as a key element in building a voluntary sport event organization
Recreational games and tournaments : the organisation of small- and intermediate-sized events
Sport tourism development
Party Across America! : 101 of the greatest festivals, sporting events, and celebrations in the U.S
THE IMPACTS OF EVENT TOURISM ON HOST COMMUNITIES   : Case: the City of Pietarsaari
Running across Europe : the rise and size of one of the largest sport markets
Organizing international competition Vantaa Diving Cup 2010
ORGANISING LARGE EVENTS  : Case: WOMEN’S TEN FUN RUN IN ST.PETERSBURG
Economics, management, and optimization in sports
Sport tourism : concepts and theories
Project management : a professional approach to events
This book explores how cultural policies are reflected in the design, management and promotion of the Olympic Games. Garcia examines the concept and evolution of cultural policies throughout the recent history of the Olympic Games and then specifically evaluates the cultural program of the Sydney 2000 Olympic Games. She argues that the cultural relevance of a major event is highly dependent on the consistency of the policy choices informing its cultural dimensions, and demonstrates how such events frequently fail to leave long-term cultural legacies, and are often unable to provide an experience that fully engages and represents the host community, due to their over-emphasis on an economic rather than a social and cultural agenda.
Strategic sports event management
Event management : a professional and developmental approach
The Olympic Games and the environment
"She ain't heavy, she's my wife!" : the representation of the Wife Carrying World Championships in the English-language press
Development of sponsorship co-operation for sport events : case: Kainuun Liikunta
Event management  : for tourism, cultural, business and sporting events
Sport informatics : exploring IT support for spectators at sporting events
Snowboarding event sponsorship in Finland : the impact on brand awareness, brand image and consumer behaviour
Marketing Floorball : a Study of the Three Biggest Floorball Clubs in Turku
Event management : for tourism, cultural, business, and sporting events
Äänijooga : wellbeing through sound and movement
Customer satisfaction of Nice Run
The sports event management and marketing playbook
Motivation, expectations, satisfaction and commitment of sporting event volunteers : a qualitative study of volunteers at UEFA EURO 2000 in Vienna
Lingiaden i Stockholm 1949 : kongressen : Program vid kongressens högtidliga öppnande = Program der feierlichen Eröffnung des Kongresses = Programme of the official opening of the congress = Programme de l'ouverture solennelle du congrès 1.8.1949
Sports event impact research process : best practices and challenges according to experienced researchers
Organizing Nice Run event in Lahti
"Exploring such topics as the role of sports in the creation of mass culture, cheating, the abuse of illegal drugs, the strange and fascinating role that numbers play in sporting events, and the future of spectator sport, this book surveys the outsized impact that sports have on American culture"--Provided by publisher.
The tourism and leisure industry : shaping the future
Policing major events : perspectives from around the world
The Olympic games and cultural policy
Events and urban regeneration / the strategic use of events to revitalise cities
Project management is characterised by systematic and integral control of the development process, from creative idea to concrete product. This book concentrates on the management of event projects. Events such as festivals, exhibitions, conferences, arts productions, sports events and company events draw a lot of attention. An initiative frequently ends in failure, because the funding cannot be finalised, deadlines are not met or budgets are exceeded. The professional approach of a project can prevent many problems. The Project Management method is very user-friendly and stands out by its direct applicability(numerous check lists, step-by-step plans and model contracts). This book describes a concept of project management for general application, and the organisational, financial and planning aspects of a project. This third edition has been adapted regarding both the contents and the form that were altered in the Dutch version of the book Projectmanagement, the 8th edition by Jan Verhaar. Besides the obvious changes for this 3rd edition small changes and add-ons have been made throughout the entire book. In Part A, the chapters have been included which guide you through the methodology. In Part B you will learn using the step-by-step plan, with your own event or conference project. In Part C all of the chapters have been bundled together so that you can gain theoretical insight into the different techniques and models.
Marketing plan for Salta-Jukola 2011
Routledge handbook of sports event management
The prize-giving gala
Project manager's work in organizing and managing Nice Run events
Access to culture and sports for people with disabilities : conference proceedings, Thessaloniki 30 October - 1 November 2003
Impact of the Olympic Games upon the Touristic Sector of a Region
Architecture for sport : new concepts and international projects for sport and leisure
Managing sport facilities
Abstract.
This thesis is a project oriented assignment which concentrates on the event promotion and sponsorship. The project is to implement the Guideline for Promoting Surf Events. The author is doing this guideline for the A.S.E.O. which is a surf association in Oaxaca, Mexico. The main objective of the A.S.E.O. is to organize surf events, mainly competitions, to improve the performance of its member surfers nationally and internationally. The primary objective of this thesis is to improve the event attraction of the surfing competitions. The author segments the different target groups and also analyses their needs. In July 2009, she made a questionnaire for the participants of the Surf and Music Festival. With the survey the author found more detailed information about the topic and she was able to use some results directly when implementing the guideline. The event sponsors are the most essential target group of the event marketing when it comes to the success of an event. The challenge for the event marketer is to convince the audience that the event is a one-of-a-kind experience, involving extreme sport. This thesis presents how to make these target groups interested in participating the events and by which marketing communication tools they can be reached. The thesis consists of the report and the Guideline for Promoting Surf Events (attached). The introduction of the report describes to the reader the background, the objectives and the stricture of the thesis. In the second chapter the author brings out the main theory frame concerning the topic by presenting which marketing communication tools can be used when improving the event publicity. The author combines different sources from the event marketing literature for example Allen, O'Toole and McDonnel's “Festival and special event management” and Hoyle's “Event Marketing: How to Successfully Promote Events, Festivals, Conventions, and Expositions”. The third chapter concentrates on the implementing the thesis output. This section shows which choices were taken when writing the Guideline for Promoting Surf Events. The author explains the reasons for the decisions and the evaluation of the importance and practicality. The last part of the thesis report is describing the conclusions of the whole project and it suggests how this thesis can make the activities of the A.S.E.O. easier in the future. Along with this thesis the association can start noticing the changes in the sport event industry and the changes in the behavior of different target groups.
Football image profile and fan values
Managing major sports events : theory and practice
International sport events : impacts, experience and identities
Tourism, culture and regeneration
Sport & tourism : a reader
Managing sport facilities and major events
The Major sports events guide 2009 : the essential guide for any organisation involved in the delivery of major sport events
Sports and entertainment management
