http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p19645 chilli
chilli hot peppers
Effect of Bion, Amistar and Vitavax on anthracnose of chilli
Scar tissue
Guitar Player 1995:4
Bring the noise : 20 years of writing about hip rock and hip hop
Red hot chilli grower : the complete guide to planting, picking and preserving chillies
Rick Rubin : in the studio
Red Hot Chili Peppers : True men don't kill coyotes
Don't try this at home : a year in the life of Dave Navarro
Red hot chilli pepper : bring a touch of fire to your cooking with this sizzling collection of more than 140 chilli-hot recipes
Fornication: : The Red Hot Chili Peppers story
Guitar World presents alternative rock
You've been hired by the town of Scoville to meet their need for heat. Your role as an employee of Scoville is to crossbreed peppers to create the hottest new breeds. You'll have to manage the auctioning, planting, and harvesting of peppers, then you'll be able to help the town by fulfilling their orders and creating new pepper breeds. Help make the town of Scoville a booming success! Let's get planting!
Hot, hotter, hottest : 50 fiery recipes from around the world
The core of the sun
Live from Abbey Road. 6.
Peppers : a story of hot pursuits
The complete chile pepper book : a gardener's guide to choosing, growing, preserving and cooking
Contemporary musicians. Volume 7 : Profiles of the people in music
The complete chilli pepper book : a gardener's guide to choosing, growing, preserving and cooking
Learn to play... Chili Peppers red hot : guitar workshop with note by note tutorials to five tracks
Me and my friends : Red Hot Chili Peppers
Red Hot Chili Peppers : an oral / visual history
Spices. Vol. 1
Fornication : the Red Hot Chili Peppers story
Red Hot Chili Peppers
On the loose
Appetite for destruction : legendary encounters with Mick Wall
Give it away : Red Hot Chili Peppers : the stories behind every song
Contemporary musicians : profiles of the people in music. Vol. 7 : includes cumulated indexes
Contemporary musicians : profiles of the people in music. Volume 29 : includes cumulative indexes
Set in an alternative historical present, in a "eusistocracy"- An extreme welfare state - that holds public health and social stability above all else, it follows a young woman whose growing addiction to illegal chili peppers leads her on an adventure into a world where love, sex, and free will are all controlled by the state.
Giants of rock
Learn to play Chili Peppers red hot : guitar workshop with note by note tutorials to five tracks
