http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p19622 Bulgarian language literature
Bulgarian language literature
Reading cultural difference : the reception of a short story in six European countries
Under the yoke : a romance of Bulgarian liberty
A history of Bulgarian literature 865-1944
At the end of the world : contemporary poetry from Bulgaria
Prehodi i granici : sbornik dokladi ot XV godišna naučna konferenciâ na Fakulteta po slavânski filologii na Sofijskiâ universitet "Sv. Kliment Ohridski", 18-19 maj 2009 g. = Transitions and borders
" A finalist for both the Strega Europeo and Gregor von Rezzori awards (and winner of every Bulgarian honor possible), The Physics of Sorrow reaffirms Georgi Gospodinov's place as one of Europe's most inventive and daring writers. Using the myth of the Minotaur as its organizing image, the narrator of Gospodinov's long-awaited novel constructs a labyrinth of stories about his family, jumping from era to era and viewpoint to viewpoint, exploring the mindset and trappings of Eastern Europeans. Incredibly moving—such as with the story of his grandfather accidentally being left behind at a mill—and extraordinarily funny—see the section on the awfulness of the question “how are you?”—Physics is a book that you can inhabit, tracing connections, following the narrator down various “side passages,” getting pleasantly lost in the various stories and empathizing with the sorrowful, misunderstood Minotaur at the center of it all. Like the work of Dave Eggers, Tom McCarthy, and Dubravka Ugresic, The Physics of Sorrow draws you in with its unique structure, humanitarian concerns, and stunning storytelling. " -- (Open Letter)
White teeth
Monumenta Bulgarica : a bilingual anthology of Bulgarian texts from the 9th to the 19th centuries
Modern Slavic literatures : a library and literary criticism. 2, Bulgarian, Czechoslovak, Polish, Ukrainian and Yugoslav literatures
The physics of sorrow
Biblical typology : the implicit hermeneutic of old Russian literature
An anthology of Bulgarian literature
At the End of the World: Contemporary Poetry from Bulgaria is an anthology of eighteen Bulgarian poets writing and publishing from the middle of the twentieth century to today. Rather than being a collection of emblematic poems, it is a thematic book which reflects the searching and original, distinctive styles of contemporary Bulgarian poetry, itself reminiscent of the city and landscape.
A boxer-turned-hitman faces an impossible mission to kill his brother; an old lady sets up a gang of her own teenage vigilantes after being mugged herself; a village boy faces the gruesome end of his beloved pet piglet; a retired geography teacher dreams of places he's never been; a clown on the make talks an impoverished lion tamer into selling his lion to gangsters; and, a fading beauty is courted by a suitor with suspiciously scaly hands - Drawing on the monsters and myths of Balkan folklore, the brutal reality of the Communist regime, and the dazzling magic of Enev's own imagination, these stories have an almost hypnotic and surreal quality. Absurd, both painfully funny and deeply sad, "Circus Bulgaria", reaches straight into the cracked heart of the Eastern Europe.
Historical and apocalyptic literature in Byzantium and medieval Bulgaria
