http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1969 wage systems
wage systems
Result-based bonuses as a tool of organization development : bonus models in state organizations and their use in organization development
Collective bargaining and wage formation : performance and challenges
Shaping pay in Europe : a stakeholder approach
Managing salary and wage systems
Performance-related pay and employment relations in European companies : findings of the European company survey 2009
Equal pay : exchange of good practices
Higher wages and capital intensity : a closer look
Strategic reward management : design, implementation, and evaluation
Studies of appointments and incentives under imperfect information
Gendered wage systems and industrialisation in Finland in the late nineteenth and early twentieth century
The new pay : linking employee and organizational performance
Gender mainstreaming of employment policies : a comparative review of 30 European countries
To incentive pay : the pay reform in the state sector
Finland : decentralisation tendencies within a collective wage bargaining system
A handbook of human resource management practice
Job assignment and the gender wage differential : theory and evidence of Finnish metalworkers
Method of pay in Finnish industry
Has profit sharing led to fewer separations?
Reward management : a handbook of remuneration strategy and practice
Summary.
Making strategy work : sense and sensibility of results-oriented pay systems
Wage determination, taxes, and employment : evidence from Finland
Labour law in the Netherlands
Essays on wage formation, employment and trade union objectives
Non-linearity between returns and earnings : evidence with methodological implications
The payment process for employees in Nokia Salo Operations : how practical current processes are for a supervisor?
"How are professors paid? Can the "best and brightest" be attracted to the academic profession? With universities facing international competition, which countries compensate their academics best, and which ones lag behind? Paying the Professoriate examines these questions and provides key insights and recommendations into the current state of the academic profession worldwide. Paying the Professoriate is the first comparative analysis of global faculty salaries, remuneration, and terms of employment. Offering an in-depth international comparison of academic salaries in 28 countries across public, private, research, and non-research universities, chapter authors shed light on the conditions and expectations that shape the modern academic profession. The top researchers on the academic profession worldwide analyze common themes, trends, and the impact of these matters on academic quality and research productivity. In a world where higher education capacity is a key driver of national innovation and prosperity, and nations seek to fast-track their economic growth through expansion of higher education systems, policy makers and administrators increasingly seek answers about what actions they should be taking. Paying the Professoriate provides a much needed resource, illuminating the key issues and offering recommendations"-- Provided by publisher.
The Wage Curve : Evidence from the Finnish Metal Industry
A handbook of employee reward management and practice
Paying for performance : a guide to compensation management
Essays on stock option schemes and CEO compensation
Unemployment in Europe : analysis and policy issues
Incentive structure and efficiency in the Kenyan civil service
Introduction and summary (s. 1-8).
Performance-related pay and gender wage differences
Abstract: Study and evaluation of the current situation concerning the preparation of new salary and wage systems for the sectors of collective agreements where the state is a party.
The global wage system : a study of international wage differences
Paying the professoriate : a global comparison of compensation and contracts
Comparable worth : analyses and evidence
Wage bargaining in Europe : continuity and change
A study of fringe benefits : analysis based on Finnish micro data
Incentives with uncertainty about the ability of employees
Essays on labour market structure and policies
Workers' financial participation : East-West experiences
Experiencing wages : social and cultural aspects of wage forms in Europe since 1500
Incentive pay and career ladders for today's teachers : a study of current programs and practices
Sharing profits to refuse inefficient separations
Compensation for shiftwork
Why do capital intensive companies pay higher wages?
Employee perspectives on individualized pay : attitudes and fairness perceptions
Performance-related pay policies for government employees
Two-wage schemes, frequently observed output and a team contract
Corporatism and wage bargaining
Profit sharing in Finland : earnings and productivity effects
Essays on labor supply, wage formation and the trade union fee
Group versus piece-rate contract
Selected readings in Finnish.
Adaptation of remuneration systems : "Social dialogue" seminar, Brussels, 29-30 June 1992
Comparison of three compensation strategies: efficiency wages, piece rates and performance bonding : Case: The new compensation system
To improve economy and productivity in the general hospital Colombo with the new data based playroll system
Pay, risk and productivity : the case of Finland, 1980-1996
Summary (s. 5-9).
A quarterly wage and price model
Compensation
Psychological mechanisms explaining merit pay acceptance and effectiveness
Wages and European integration : a study on the distributional impact of a trade liberalisation scheme
Governing civil service pay in China
Does centralised wage setting lead into higher taxation?
Corporatism or competition? : labour contracts, institutions and wage structures in international comparison
When does it pay to reward productivity?
Pay flexibility in the public sector
Human resources management : readings
Reward management : a critical text
Pay determination in the public sector : an international comparison between France, Great Britain and Italy
Domestic labour relations in India : Vulnerability and gendered life courses in Jaipur
Abstract (s. 3).
Enterprise and social benefits after communism
The development process of the payment by results system for Teräselementti Oy's designing department
Evaluating and rewarding the quality of teachers : international practices
"Common sense, economics and "HR": how to pay Billions of people throughout the world are paid for their work. This book was written to demonstrate why they earn what they earn and, in doing so, to help them understand how they can earn more in the short-run and even more in the longer-run. There are many ways pay is determined across a wide variety of organizations from for-profit firms, to nonprofit organizations, to government agencies. By the time you finish reading this book, you will know how a well-run organization takes its overall strategy and converts that into a system for properly paying people. Then, you can apply the lessons in the book to your own organization and take actions that can lead you to earn more"--
Unobserved human capital and firm-size premium
Introducing human resource management
Abstract.
Pay : why people earn what they earn and what you can do now to make more
Efficiency wages, trade unions and labor taxation
Rent sharing as part of incentive payments and recruitment
Pay, risk, and productivity : the case of Finland, 1980-1996
Pay for performance : evaluating performance appraisal and merit pay
Managing reward systems
The impact of pay knowledge on organisational performance : investigating Finnish profit-sharing schemes
Human resource management : key concepts and skills
Private pay for public work : performance-related pay for public sector managers
Essays on wages, job tenure and unemployment duration in the Finnish labour market
What makes performance-related pay schemes work? : Finnish evidence
Strategic reward systems
A Handbook of human resource management practice
Rewarding excellence : pay strategies for the new economy
Economic and behaviorist effects of payment by results and company characteristics : a study of white collar employees
Performance measurement and incentive plans
Altered carbon
Well-functioning labour markets - a prosperous society : labour market policy Confederation of Finnish Industries EK 2006.
"As agents of the state, civil servants are central to public governance and socioeconomic development. In developing countries, it has been seen that an effective civil service pay system may provide strong incentives for better public service and rein in corruption whereas poor remuneration can fuel corruption and discontent among civil servants. Grappling with a well-functioning pay regime has challenged the PRC since its birth. Over the past decade, reforms have been implemented in the civil service pay system that are closely associated with legitimacy change (from an economy-based approach to welfare-based one), income distribution and central–local relations. However, these have led to a heated debate over the legitimacy, effectiveness and direction of these reforms. By examining this situation and the tug-of-war over remuneration among different players, this pioneering study deepens our understanding of China's reform process and its actors." ---Provided by publisher.
Performance-related : pay and gender wage differences
Reflections of systemic justice? : employees' and supervisors' experiences of injustice in the performance appraisal and merit pay context
Employee compensation : case Nedecon
The Compensation Systems of Developing German Organizations
Not just for the money : an economic theory of personal motivation
