http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p19682 policy on physical training
policy on physical training
Social issues in sport
Transformation of modern Korean sport : imperialism, nationalism, globalization
International perspectives on the management of sport
Research methods and design in sport management
Dying to win : doping in sport and the development of anti-doping policy
Girls with balls : the secret history of women's football
Government resolution on policies promoting sport and physical activity = Décision de principe du gouvernement, relative aux orientations pour la promotion du sport
Stronger through physical activity and sport
Planning the future of sport : seminar at Pajulahti, Finland 25-28 September 1990
Sports law and policy in the European Union
Chinese nationwide system and competitive sport : challenges for the post-2008 olympics era
Routledge Handbook of  Sports Development
Sport is an essential part of community structure, membership and identity. Whether on the field of play, in stadia, or on the streets, sport has consistently brought together disparate individuals to share culture, values and memories. Nowadays these relationships are being rewritten through the effects of global socio-economic practices, the interventions of government, the impact of cultural imperialism and, at the local level, through the actions of individuals and new constituencies that are emerging in response. Furthermore, this generates discourse on matters of regional and national identity. This themed issue presents a range of essays that examine the relationship between sport and society through the conceptual lenses of community, mobility and identity. Drawing upon insights from contemporary history and current political phenomena from leading academic specialists in the field, the issue addresses cross-cutting themes such as loyalty and allegiance, migration and integration, identity and collective memory, and the politics of resistance and change, which will be of interest to the political scientist, the contemporary historian and sport scholar alike. This book was previously published as a special edition of the journal Sport in Society.
Sport, culture and the media : the unruly trinity
Sports management : a guide to professional practice
Structures beyond the frameworks of the rink : on organization in Swedish ice hockey
Sport and the emancipation of European women : the struggle for self-fulfilment
Minister of Culture Tanja Karpela: Elite sport is a lot, but not everything
Government's Role in the Internationalization Process of a Sport - a Study of Two Cases
Socioeconomic, income and gender equality in participation in physical activity and consumption in sports in Finland : follow up study 1999-2009
Professional sport in the European Union : regulation and re-regulation
Gaming the world : how sports are reshaping global politics and culture
The game planners : transforming Canada's sport system
Amateurism in British sport : it matters not who won or lost?
Professional sports today have truly become a global force, a common language that anyone, regardless of their nationality, can understand. Yet sports also remain distinctly local, with regional teams and the fiercely loyal local fans that follow them. This book examines the twenty-first-century phenomenon of global sports, in which professional teams and their players have become agents of globalization while at the same time fostering deep-seated and antagonistic local allegiances and spawning new forms of cultural conflict and prejudice. Andrei Markovits and Lars Rensmann take readers into the exciting global sports scene, showing how soccer, football, baseball, basketball, and hockey have given rise to a collective identity among millions of predominantly male fans in the United States, Europe, and around the rest of the world. They trace how these global - and globalizing - sports emerged from local pastimes in America, Britain, and Canada over the course of the twentieth century, and how regionalism continues to exert its divisive influence in new and potentially explosive ways. Markovits and Rensmann explore the complex interplay between the global and the local in sports today, demonstrating how sports have opened new avenues for dialogue and shared interest internationally even as they reinforce old antagonisms and create new ones. Gaming the World reveals the pervasive influence of sports on our daily lives, making all of us citizens of an increasingly cosmopolitan world while affirming our local, regional, and national identities.
Who makes sport policy and why do we need it? What is the purpose of sport development programmes? Sport Policy and Development answers these questions and more by closely examining the complex relationships between modern sport, sport policy and development and other aspects of the wider society. These important issues are explored via detailed case studies of key aspects of sport policy and sport development activity, including: school sport and physical education; social inclusion; health; elite sport; and, sporting mega-events. Each case study demonstrates the ways in which the sport policy and development fields have changed, and are continually changing in response to the increasing political, social and cultural significance of sport. The book helps the reader to understand the complexities of the sport policy-making process, the increasing intervention of government in the sport policy and development fields, and how the short-term, ever-changing and frequently contradictory political priorities of government come to impact on the practice of sport policy and development.
This volume deals with the competitive structure of football. It examines the relationship between sporting success and economic variables, the structure of European competitions, financial problems in football, their origins and options for reform, racial discrimination in English football, and the economic impact of the World Cup --Provided by publisher.
Northern Dimension and Sports
Successful elite sport policies : an international comparison of the sports policy factors leading to international sporting success (SPLISS 2.0) in 15 nations
Sport policy : a comparative analysis of stability and change
Sport policy and governance : local perspectives
Elite sport development : policy learning and political priorities
Routledge handbook of sport and politics
Participation in sport : international policy perspectives
Values in sport : elitism, nationalism, gender equality and the scientific manufacture of winners
Sports economics : current research
Proceedings
Sports law and litigation
The sport strategy in Finland
A wider social role for sport : who's keeping the score?
Sport is frequently considered to be an aspect of popular culture that is, or should be, untainted by the political. However, there is a broad consensus among academics that sport is often at the heart of the political and the political is often central to sport. From the 1936 Olympic Games in Nazi Germany to the civil unrest that preceded the 2014 World Cup in Brazil, sport and politics have remained symbiotic bedfellows. The Routledge Handbook of Sport and Politics goes further than any other book in surveying the complex, embedded relationships between sport and politics. With sections addressing ideologies, nation and statehood, corporate politics, political activism, social justice, and the politics of sports events, it introduces the conceptual foundations that underpin our understanding of the sport-politics nexus and examines emergent issues in this field of study. Including in-depth case studies from North America, South America, Europe, the Middle East, Africa and Asia, this is an essential reference for anybody with an interest in the social scientific study of sport.
Sport in capitalist society : a short history
More than a game : sports and politics
The transformation of European football : towards the Europeanisation of the national game / edited by Arne Niemann, Borja García, and Wyn Grant
Counseling the handicapped in the rehabilitation process
Education & culture : Ministry of Education : annual report 2005.
Sport in divided societies
Rethinking college athletics
Research in sport management : implications for sport administrators
The sport studies reader
Physical activity and health in Europe : evidence for action
White paper on sport
Foundations of sport management
Cycling and society
The politics of sport : community, mobility, identity
Sport is an essential part of community structure, membership and identity. Whether on the field of play, in stadia, or on the streets, sport has consistently brought together disparate individuals to share culture, values and memories. Nowadays these relationships are being rewritten through the effects of global socio-economic practices, the interventions of government, the impact of cultural imperialism and, at the local level, through the actions of individuals and new constituencies that are emerging in response. Furthermore, this generates discourse on matters of regional and national identity. This themed issue presents a range of essays that examine the relationship between sport and society through the conceptual lenses of community, mobility and identity. Drawing upon insights from contemporary history and current political phenomena from leading academic specialists in the field, the issue addresses cross-cutting themes such as loyalty and allegiance, migration and integration, identity and collective memory, and the politics of resistance and change, which will be of interest to the political scientist, the contemporary historian and sport scholar alike. This book was previously published as a special edition of the journal Sport in Society .
Management of sports development
Sport and the Irish : histories, identities, issues
The Autonomy of Sport in Europe
Sport, politics, and literature in the English Renaissance
The global sporting arms race : an international comparative study on sports policy factors leading to international sporting success
The economic importance of sport in Europe : financing and economic impact : 14th Informal Meeting of European Sports Ministers, Strasbourg, 28-29 April : background document presented by France
The Council of Europe and Sport
Youth-friendly sport clubs : developing an effective youth sport policy
Sport, dance, and embodied identities
Major violation : the unbalanced priorities in athletics and academics
Routledge handbook of sports development
Ethics and sport in Europe
Ministry of Education Strategy 2015.
Sport and society
Motion sport in Finland
The Olympic games : a social science perspective
Socialization into physical education : learning to teach
Contemporary sport management
Sport, recreation and space in urban policy : Helsinki and Dublin from the 1940s to the 1980s
Everyone to skis! : skiing in Russia and the rise of Soviet biathlon
Gender and leisure : social and cultural perspectives
Sport business management
The European ritual : football in the new Europe
Politics, policy and practice in physical education
Sport and international politics
The Council of Europe's work on sport in 1995.
The economics of sport : an international perspective
Sport, policy and development : an introduction
Football economics and policy
Leveraging legacies for sports mega-events : concepts and cases
The 2008 Beijing Olympics : great games of sports or politics?
Young people, sport and youth
The changing politics of sport
The Council of Europe's work on sport 1994.
Agents of opportunity : sports agents and corruption in collegiate sports
The international politics of sport in the twentieth century
Aspects of sport governance
