http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p19678 bebop
bebop
Monk's Classic Recordings
Race music : black cultures from bebop to hip-hop
The Sonny Rollins/Sonny Stitt sessions
The amazing Bud Powell. Volume 2 / Bud Powell
Improvisational patterns. The bebop era : volume 2 : for all bass clef instruments
Bebop and nothingness : jazz and pop at the end of the century
1949 : Bop, Look and Listen
Tune up! : in all 12 keys!
Black California : Central Avenue 1945-1950
Now! ; Salt and pepper
The essence of Charlie Parker : featuring 50 of his greatest recordings
Portrait of Art Farmer
Tonal dynamics and metrical structures in jazz improvisation
Improvisational patterns. Volume 3, The bebop era : For all bass clef instruments
The complete RCA Victor Recordings
Dave Brubeck : In your own sweet way
Straight ahead
Essential jazz : the first 100 years
At the Royal Roost 1948 - at Birdland 1950, 1951, 1953
Improvisational patterns. Volume 1, The bebop era : For all bass clef instruments
Groovin' High : original recordings 1942-1949
The Complete Charlie Parker on Savoy years
Classic jazz compositions and piano solos
Diz 'n Bird at Carnegie Hall
Wizard of the vibes
Dizzy Gillespie : the man who changed my life
The complete Blue Note and Capitol Recordings of Fats Navarro and Tadd Dameron
Jazz of the beat generation
The Joe Harriott story
Straight no chaser
Improvisational patterns : the bebop era. Volume 1.
Birth of the cool : scores from the original parts
In the light
The birth of bop
Parker's mood
Improvisational patterns. The bebop era : volume 1.
Jazz styles : history & analysis
David Baker's how to play bebop : for all instruments. 3, Techniques for learning and utilizing bebop tunes
Ellington is forever. Volume 2.
Charlie Parker & Dizzy Gillespie : the founding fathers of be bop
David Baker's how to play bebop : for all instruments. 2, Learning the bebop language : patterns, formulae and other linking materials
The hardbop grandpop
Citizens Bop
The Beat Generation
Improvisational patterns. Volume 1: The bebop era
Stream
The masters of bebop : a listener's guide
60 Blue Note years : 1939/1999 : the finest in jazz
Genius of modern music. Volume 1
Solos for Jazz Alto Sax : Classic jazz solos as played by Cannonball Adderley ..et al
Chet Baker in Paris : the complete original recordings
Bebop & beyond : for all musicians
Improvisational patterns. The bebop era : volume 1 : for all bass clef instruments
The drum battle : Gene Krupa and Buddy Rich at JATP
The complete
Central Avenue Sounds : Jazz in Los Angeles 1921-1956
Improvisational patterns : the bebop era. Vol. 1
Countdown to Giant Steps : for all instrumentalists
The Verve/Philips Dizzy Gillespie small group sessions
Eight classic jazz originals : For all instruments
David Baker's how to play bebop : for all instruments. 1, The bebop scales and other scales in common use
Bebop & beyond : 8 great jazz tunes for all musicians
1950 : Great Times!
The Charlie Parker Collection
A Charlie Ventura Concert
Bird [CD] : the Savoy recordings : (master takes)
Yardbird : for all instruments
Improvisational patterns. Volume 3: The bebop era : for all bass clef instruments
The Smithsonian collection of classic jazz [CD]. Volume 3.
Brownie : The complete EmArcy recordings of Clifford Brown
Charlie Parker : a jazz master : 9 solos transcribed from "The bird's" recordings
Jazz guitar : swing to bebop
I get a kick out of bu
Charlie Parker, alto saxophone
Swing to bop, hep to hip : a study in jazz parlance
Music redeems : a live recording to benefit The Ellis Marsalis Center for Music
Leader on debut
Bird : the Savoy recordings
The Story of America's Music
Chicago 'n all that jazz
Focus
And all that jazz
The Magic of Miles Davis : Melodies, chords, transposed parts for all instrumentalists
Cool & collected
The blues and the abstract truth
Eight jazz classics :  Intermediate/advanced
Shoutin' out! : the music of Horace Silver
The bebop revolution
Jazz. 2 :  the perfect jazz collection : 25 original albums
The Washington concerts
Miles Davis : eight classic jazz originals
Swing to bob - hep to hip : a study in jazz parlance
Bird and diz
The amazing Bud Powell. Volume one
Improvisational patterns. Volume 1, The bepop era
A studio chronicle 1940-1948. C : 1945-47 New York, Hollywood, Glendale
Improvisational patterns : the bebop era : for all bass clef instruments. Volume 3
Jazz at Massey Hall
Dizzier and Dizzier
Swing to bop - hep to hip : a study in jazz parlance
Miles Davis : eight classic originals
At Storyville
Journey to the urge within
The Complete birth of the cool
Classic songs from the Blue Note jazz era : For all instruments
Hollywood swing & jazz : hot numbers from classic M-G-M, Warner Bros. and RKO films
Improvisational patterns. Volume 2, The bepop era
How to play bebop. Volume 1, The bebop scales and other scales in common use
The amazing Bud Powell : Bud!. Volume 3
Four classic albums plus
A studio chronicle 1940-1948. D : 1947 Hollywood, New York City
A century of jazz
Chasing the bird : functional harmony in Charlie Parker's bebop themes
Jazz mandolin : from Bill Monroe to be-bop
The amazing Bud Powell. Volume 2
Cool jazz : Second edition
Archives of Jazz : vol. 3
Blowin' up a storm! : the Columbia years 1945-47
Monk's dream
A studio chronicle 1940-1948. B : 1941-45 Dallas, New York City
Bird on the side
Dexter Gordon : live in ̕'63 & '64
Bird is free
Self portrait
The small group sessions. Vol. 1 : 1946-1952 studio recordings
The Complete 1944-1948 small group sessions. Vol. 3: studio recordings : master takes
The 1940's - the small groups : new directions
Giant steps : bebop and the creators of modern jazz 1945-65
Boppin' with Scott
Clark : the autobiography of Clark Terry
Complete Charlie Parker : World's greatest exponent of jazz
The Savoy Recordings
Groovin' high : for all musicians
Open on all sides - In the middle
