http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1967 movements
movements
Pressure groups, politics and democracy in Britain
Kinetic control : the management of uncontrolled movement
Counterfeit revival
Growth problems of small companies owned by Russians in Finland
Bodystorming for movement-based interaction design
Human brain mapping using structural and functional magnetic resonance imaging and transcranial magnetic stimulation
Occupy! : scenes from occupied America
Contentious performances
A guide to the mysteries : an ageless wisdom digest for the New Age
Moving with research : evidence-based practice in Sherborne Developmental Movement
The snowball : Warren Buffett and the business of life
New religious movements : a practical introduction
International social movement research : a research annual. Volume 1, From structure to action : comparing social movement research across cultures
The role of movement patterns in development. Vol. 2, Epilogue and glossary
The assessment and reduction of motion artifact in dry contact biopotential electrodes
Functional anatomy in sports
Social movements : ideologies, interests, and identities
Muscle mechanics during human movement revealed by in vivo measurements of tendon force and muscle length
Biomechanics and motor control : defining central concepts
Building the commune : radical democracy in Venezuela
The horse : its action and anatomy
Dogsteps, a new look : a better understanding of dog gait through cineradiography ("moving X-rays")
Anatomy for strength and fitness training
Journal of business and industrial management
Exploration of network-based digital business ecosystems and the models within
Join the zoo hullabaloo!
Principles of biomechanics & motion analysis
Choreographic inscriptions : a framework for exploring sociomaterial influences on qualities of movement for HCI
Writing a successful business plan
EXPANDING TO E-BUSINESS   : CASE: JALOTAKKA OY
Basic biomechanics
The Wiley-Blackwell Encyclopedia of Social and Political Movements
The Canadian sojourn of a Finnish-American radical
Water touching stone
Performing authenticities : cultural forms and their functions in the Reclaim the Streets -protest
Rethinking popular representation
Milk and biopolitics : the emergence and re-conceptualization of food sovereignty in the raw milk movement as a means of resisting biopower
Democratization and social movements in Korea : defiant institutionalization
All shades of green : the environmentalization of Finnish society
Posture and muscle form assessment
Effective business writing
Business creativity : breaking the invisible barriers
A chronicle of the modern struggle for gay, lesbian and transgender rights draws on interviews with politicians, military figures, legal activists and members of the LGBT community to document the cause's struggles since the 1950s.
Socially Driven Business – Theory & Practice : Lessons learnt from the TAMK Consulting Academy - ProLearning collaboration for social business
Business Plan for Café ''Bulevaardi''
Strangers in their own land : anger and mourning on the American right
The primacy of movement
Domestic resource mobilization by social movement organizations in Latin America : a case study of the Abrinq Foundation for children rights of Brazil
Body learning : an introduction to the Alexander technique
The application of motion capture to embodied music cognition research
Business ethics and virtue : on Robert C. Solomon's many ways of being ethical
Business opportunities in Northeast China. Part 1, Liaoning province
Development of intelligent wheelchair
female spiritual masters, largely unknown to westerners.
Comparison between tape measurements of forward and lateral flexion of the spine
How to found a hostel in Fuengirola, Spain
The golden laws : history through the eyes of the eternal Buddha
S-Meal Cooking Application:  A Business Plan
The rise and development of the global debt movement : a North-South dialogue
Greening of New Zeland : case study on an institutionalising social movement
After a decade of movement-based interaction in human-computer interaction, designing for the moving body still remains a challenge. Research in this field requires methods to help access, articulate, and harness embodied experiences in ways that can inform the design process. To address this challenge, this article appropriates bodystorming, an embodied ideation method for movement-based interaction design. The proposed method allows for early consideration of the physical, collocated, and social aspects of a designed activity as illustrated with two explorative workshops in different application domains: interactive body games and interactive performances. Using a qualitative methods approach, we used video material from the workshops, feedback from participants, and our own experience as participants and facilitators to outline important characteristics of the bodystorming method in the domain of movement-based interaction. The proposed method is compared with previous ones and application implications are discussed.
Research in social movements, conflicts and change
The natural horse : lessons from the wild for domestic horse care
Motor control of fast voluntary elbow movements : exercise-induced muscle damage and soreness and learning interventions
Social movements : identity, culture, and the state
Lenin's behests and the making of Soviet Latvia
This paper presents a design case study of Yamove!, a well-received dance battle game. The primary aim for the project was to design a mobile-based play experience that enhanced in-person social interaction and connection. The game emphasized the pleasures of mutual, improvised amateur movement choreography at the center of the experience, achieved through a core mechanic of synchronized movement. The project team engaged techniques from the independent (“indie”) game development community that proved valuable in tempering the constraints to which technologically driven design can sometimes fall prey. Contributions of this work include (a) presentation and discussion of a polished digital game that embodies design knowledge about engaging players in mutual physical improvisation that is socially supported by technology, and (b) a case study of a design process influenced by indie game development that may help others interested in creating technologies that choreograph pleasurable intentional human movement in social contexts.
From bags to blenders : The Journey of a Yorkshire Businessman
Alexander technique : a practical introduction
Atlas of skeletal muscles
The effect of acupuncutre on chronic pain in dogs suffering from hip dysplasia and osteoarthritis : subjective assessments
Learning activism : the intellectual life of contemporary movements
"Are you fed up with the status quo? Do you ask yourself why 1% of the world owns nearly half the wealth? Are you appalled that in a year of recession, banker's bonuses rose by around 64%? Does it anger you that multi-million dollar corporations pay hardly any tax? Do you trust your government? Always insightful, irreverent but funny, Russell Brand is asking the questions the public wants answered. This is his call to arms. This is Russell Brand's Revolution". Provided by publisher.
Marketing Strategy for the International Food Shop Keidas    : Marketing Strategy: Keidas Food Shop or Intercultural Corporation Limited Liability Company
Balancing your body : a self-help approach to rolfing movement
Biomechanics : problem solving for functional activity
Charles de Gaulle & the French resistance : a case study on the legitimacy and contention of a resistance and its leader
Moving in the First year is grouped into pre-locomotion and locomotion sections to enhance the viewer's observation skills and understanding  of the natural progression of the baby's movement development, preverbal communication and play interactions.
Movement disorders : 100 instructive cases
On the kinematics and kinetics of the distal limb in the Standardbred trotter
A guide to movement exploration
How animals move : the Royal Institution Christmas Lectures 1951
Range of motion - AO neutral-0 method : measurement and documentation : with 115 colored illustrations and 21 animations on CD-ROM = AO Neutral-0 Methode : Messung und Dokumentation : mit 115 Farbillustrationen und 21 Animationen auf zugehöriger CD-ROM
The yogins of Ladakh : a pilgrimage among the hermits of the Buddhist Himalayas
The sociology of social change
Business processes in project business : case project delivery process for a factory automation supplier
Sociology of Discourse takes the perspective that collective actors like social movements are capable of creating social change from below by creating new institutions through alternative discourses. Institutionalization becomes a process of moving away from existing institutions towards creating new ones. While discourses entail openness and enable the questioning of what is instituted, institutions offer continuity and stability to social mobilizations. This dual movement of openness and stabilization explains how social struggles ensure their continuity, without completely assuming the logic of the dominant order. The book proposes an analytical model of social change, which is unfolded through three intertwined areas: discourse, communication, and institution. Collective experiences of social change, from the anti-globalization movement to Occupy, illustrate the main theoretical points and concepts. Through the example of the Platform for People Affected by Mortgages, the book concludes by analyzing how social change from below is possible.
Rebels with a cause : = Jos mulla ois valta
Essays on electronic business models and their evaluation
The best dance moves in the world ... ever! : 100 new and classic moves and how to bust them
20 lessons in keyboard choreography : The basics of physical movements at the piano
Diagnosis and treatment of movement impairment syndromes
The sweet spot : a novel
The shopkeeper's home : the word's best independent retailers and their stylish homes
Making sense of innovation management
Controversial new religions
"Brazilian Bodies and their Choreographies of Identification retraces a method of swaying the body, particular to Brazil, which is commonly known as ginga. The book combines historiography and ethnography with movement analysis using a set of analytical tools compiled and tailored from distinct disciplines. As such, Cristina F. Rosa creates a 'toolbox' to map, more specifically, the presence of this polycentric and polyrhythmic system across distinct and specific realms: samba-de-roda (samba-in-a-circle) dances, capoeira angola games, and the repertoire of Grupo Corpo, a contemporary dance company based in Belo Horizonte (MG). This fascinating book examines how ginga functions at the bodily level, the multiple roles it assumes in each of these realms, and the effects that it mobilizes through choreographed and/or improvised movements, gestures, and intentions. It is an important resource for all scholars and students of international dance"--
New social movements in Western Europe : a comparative analysis
Perspectives on new religious movements
Godmen on the warpath : a study of messianic movements in India
T'ai chi step by step : a fully illustrated teaching plan, shown in over 250 photographs
DressMe: a virtual super-market of clothing stores
Diastasis recti : the whole-body solution to abdominal weakness and separation
Free+style : maximize sport and life performance with four basic movements
Move On
The modern yoga bible : the definitive guide to yoga today
"For elders, preventing falls means preventing disaster! For elders, staying mentally alert and sharp is paramount! Here's how -- and how to bring confidence and joy into the aging years. This brightly illustrated book, which links to 60 on-line demonstration videos, is loaded with dozens of movements (not exercises) that anyone can do, even the frailest elder. The payoff: increased coordination, sharper cognitive skills, better vision, and enhanced self-confidence"--From publisher description.
Finnish Congregationalism in America
Principles of continuum mechanics : a study of conservation principles with applications
Manual of structural kinesiology
Business finance for managers : an essential guide to planning, control and decision making
This title shows how to convert any idea into a convincing business plan - the necessary first step to launching a thriving enterprise. Today's entrepreneurs are driving a new era of global transformation and growth. But before they can turn ideas into profitmaking ventures, they must craft a business plan that crystallizes and legitimizes those ideas to customers, key talent, and investors. "Business Plans That Work" details a strategic, step-by-step approach to creating, adapting, and writing a solid but flexible business plan that will sell your idea and help you make it a reality.Whatever stage you are at in the growth of your business, this no-nonsense guidebook will show you how to: determine what to include in each plan, why, and for whom; recognize and avoid common pitfalls in creating a business plan; and, use the proven "Timmons Model" to analyze potential opportunities. More than just a tool to raise seed capital, a well-written business plan provides an entrepreneur with strong insights into "the idea," and a powerful head start on turning that idea into an enterprise. "Business Plans That Work" shows how to write, adapt, focus, and revise a business plan that will secure capital and attract top-flight talent as it helps you assess the strength of your opportunity and provides invaluable insights into what you need to do to make it work.Jeffry A. Timmons, D.B.A., is the Franklin W. Olin Distinguished Professor of Entrepreneurship at Babson College and author of the Inc. top ten book New Venture Creation. Andrew Zacharakis, Ph.D., is the Paul T. Babson Term Chair in Entrepreneurship at Babson College. Stephen Spinelli is the founder of Jiffy Lube International and director of Babson's Arthur M. Blank Center for Entrepreneurship.
The influence of rhythmic and spectro-timbral musical features on gait-related movement
Development of Intelligent Wheelchair
The concise illustrator's reference manual : figures
The true believer : thoughts on the nature of mass movements
Sabbatai Sevi : the mystical Messiah, 1626-1676
The dynamics of social movements : resource mobilization, social control, and tactics
Universality of modern Hinduism : a study of Brahma Samaj and its contribution to Indian Christian theology
Motor control in reaction-time vs self-paced movement : MEG study on movement-related cortical fields
Kinesiology for occupational therapy
Biomechanics of human movement
Diagnosis and management of ocular motility disorders
Globalization, social movements, and the construction of Europe : the example of the European parliament elections in France
Eye movements during reading and discourse processing
Heterodox healing and alternative religion in the 20th century : an English spiritual healing practice in Finland
Aspects of psychiatric and psychosomatic physiotherapy
A sense of dance : exploring your movement potential
Cults and new religious movements : a reader
Polish and Lithuanian anti-trinitarian eucharistic practice in the 16th and 17th centuries
Cost accounting methods for construction projects in North-West Russia : case study Pöyry CM Oy
Integrated climatic impacts of forestry and fibre-based packaging
Social movements and social classes : the future of collective action
Tadhkirah : English translation of the dreams, visions and verbal revelations vouchsaved to the Promised Messiah on whom be peace by Muhammad Zafrullah Khan
The embodied self : movement and psychoanalysis
Social movements and violence : participation in underground organizations
Visual word recognition in fluent and dysfluent readers in the transparent Finnish orthography
Modeling muscle mechanics of arm and leg movement : a new approach to Hill's equation
Simple step-by-step Alexander technique : regain your natural poise and alleviate stress
Moving in the First year is grouped into pre-locomotion and            locomotion sections to enhance the viewer's observation skills and understanding  of the natural progression of the baby's movement development, preverbal communication and play interactions.
Cheerleading : technique, training, show
Effects of medially posted insoles on running kinematic, kinetics and economy after a 4-week intervention
Development of Business Idea Based On Marketing Analysis Case: Jia Le Yuan Group Co., Ltd
Social movements in times of austerity : bringing capitalism back into protest analysis
Tsoi Yuen resistance and post-80s generation : a new wave of domestic social movement
Principles and practice of movement disorders
Faith and fire : popular and unpopular religion 1350-1600
Historical eclipses and earth's rotation
32 bodyshape charts
Freight forwarding in the chinese market
The I.R.A
Mouth actions in sign languages
Shape reconstruction from generalized projections
STROI-network : business networks in Russia : intermediate report 2008
Anatomy of the moving body : a basic course in bones, muscles, and joints
With its empirical focus on the South, this book takes its point of departure in the movement for liberalisation and democratisation that characterised the 1980s and 1990s.
"The subject matter of sociology, simply stated, is the human group" : evaluation of the concept of social movement in the collective behavior approach
Breaking chains : social movements and collective action
Injury prevention for dancers
Brazilian bodies and their choreographies of identification : swing nation
Social movements : contemporary debates
Comprehensive, authoritative, interdisciplinary, and up-to-date, this encyclopedia contains over 400 entries , exploring social and political movements and related collective phenomena throughout the world.
Business Plan of Asian House Restaurant
Embodied interaction choreographies : kinesthetic approach to intelligent environment design
Māte Mahādēvi: a progressive female mystic in today's India
Religious movements and communities in the 19th-20th centuries
What no one ever tells you about blogging and podcasting : real-life advice from 101 people who successfully leverage the power of the blogosphere
Seeing what others don't : the remarkable ways we gain insights
The revelations
Orthopedic Physical Assessment
Cults : the battle for God
Civil society and social movements : the dynamics of intersectoral alliances and urban-rural linkages in Latin America
International social movement research : a research annual. Volume 2, Organizing for change: social movement organizations in Europe and the United States
Aerobicin kilpailuliikkeitä = [I.C.A.F. glossary of movements]
Sleep and movement disorders
Business Plan for a Record Company
The concise book of the moving body
Motor unit activation and force production during eccentric, concentric and isometric actions
Tutorials in motor behavior
In the name of Vivir Bien : indigeneity, state formation and politics in Evo Morales' Bolivia
Biomechanics of human motion
Contemporary social movements
Performing political opposition in Russia : the case of the youth movement Oborona
A course in miracles : text, workbook, manual for teachers
In interaction design and related disciplines, the focus of research tends toward technological objects rather than the movements relating to interacting with the objects. Even when movements are considered, the emphasis is placed on their instrumental value, that is, how movements have direct effect on the functions of technology. However, the emphasis of this thematic issue of Human Technology rests upon the design and use of technological objects. In other words, we, as editors of this special issue, were looking for submissions that emphasized intentional human movement in the physical and social lifeworld in which humans encounter technological and virtual artifacts..
Business Plan for Establishing a Chinese Café in Finland  : case: Voikukka Café
Popular intellectuals and social movements : framing protest in Asia, Africa, and Latin America
On computer analysis of digital signals applied to eye movements
Functional anatomy : musculoskeletal anatomy, kinesiology, and palpation for manual therapists
Potential demand for a sushi bar in Varkaus
Hizmet means service : perspectives on an alternative path within Islam
Entry and operation in Finland : case:  Specsavers
Case histories in business ethics
49 Step/hits
Religious innovation in modern African society
Freight Forwarding in the Chinese Market
Creating and evaluating embodied interactive experiences : case studies of full-body, sonic and tactile enaction
Rockin' the boat : mass music and mass movements
Aikido and randori : reconciliation of two opposing forces
A bite-sized guide for Finnish SME companies operating in China
The meaning of movement : developmental and clinical perspectives of the Kestenberg movement profile
Citizenship and capitalism : the debate over reformism
Biomechanics in clinic and research : an interactive teaching and learning course
Physics and the art of dance : understanding movement
Move with balance : healthy aging activities for brain and body
Introductory biomechanics
Mouth actions in sign languages have been controversially discussed but the sociolinguistic factors determining their form and functions remain uncertain. This first empirical analysis of mouth actions in Irish Sign Language focuses on correlations with gender, age, and word class. It contributes to the linguistic description of ISL, research into non-manuals in sign languages, and is relevant for the cross-modal study of word classes.
The identification, analysis and correction of gait faults in horses
Social movements in America
Fish physiology. 7, Locomotion
Physical activity for children : a statement of guidelines for children ages 5-12
Skateboarding is not a crime : board culture past, present & future
A reader in new religious movements
How to dotcom : a step-by-step guide to e-commerce / Robert McGarvey
Therapeutic exercises in functional kinetics : analysis and instruction of individually adaptable exercises
How social movements matter
The last decade has witnessed the rise of a great number of transnational social movements and activist networks. While many of these movements have been initiated in the North, some are driven by people from the Global South with the aim of addressing various forms of destitution and asserting a variety of basic economic and cultural rights. Such transnational organizing is increasingly evident in Sub-Saharan Africa. Some of these initiatives relate particularly to the growing numbers of people depending on forms of informal work for survival. This edition of Current African Issues looks into the transnationalization of a local association of informal workers as it becomes involved in an international network of grassroots organizations. While this transnational engagement opens up new political possibilities, it also poses new challenges. Participation in international activities is highly unequal and mediated rather than direct, as influential actors engage in practices of gate-keeping that tend to work to the disadvantage of women. Tensions also emerged as a result of the divergent gender ideologies espoused by different participants. The paper draws on various theoretical perspectives on spatial politics in the global age to interrogate the unequal and contested spatialities of this transnational activism. Feminist scholarship sheds further light on the gendering processes at work in the transnationalization of a grassroots association.
On human capital formation with exit options : comment and new results
Serious money : how to make and enjoy it
The business and management review
Human-technology choreographies : body, movement, and space
Yamove! A movement synchrony game that choreographs social interaction
Amazing babies : moving in the first year
Perspectives of motor behavior and its neural basis
Language in Taiwanese Social Movements
Between East and West : migration in the enlarging European Union
The world social forum and the globalization of social movements and public spheres
Motor control : theories, experiments, and applications
The video dictionary of classical ballet
Social movements and culture
Waves of protest : social movements since the sixties
A bite-sized guide to Chinese business manners
Dynamic positioning operator training : the official guide to The Nautical Institute training standards
Understanding balance : The mechanics of posture and locomotion
With the rise of ubiquitous computing technologies in everyday life, the daily actions of people are becoming ever more choreographed by the interactions available through technology. By combining the notion of inscriptions from actor-network theory and the qualitative descriptors of movement from Laban movement analysis, an analytic framework is proposed for exploring how the interplay of material and social inscriptions gives rise to movement patterns and behaviors, translated into choreographic inscriptions described with Laban effort and shape. It is demonstrated through a case study of an affective gesture mobile device. The framework provides an understanding of (a) how movement qualities are shaped by social and material inscriptions, (b) how the relative strength of inscriptions on movements may change according to different settings and user appropriation over time, and (c) how transforming inscriptions by design across different mediums can generate action spaces with varying degrees of openness..
Business plans that work : a guide for small business
Infants' sleep movements: their relationship to temperament and motor development during the first year of life
Social movements : an introduction to political sociology
Transnational activism networks and gendered gatekeeping : negotiating gender in an African association of informal workers
Social movements and Bourdieu : class, embodiment and the politics of identity
Expansion Plan for a Photography Company : Case: CaroK
Piano playing : with piano questions answered
"A dream of liberty" : Constance Markievicz's vision of Ireland, 1908-1927
Social movements in global politics
The Core Strenght Workout : get flat abs and a healthy back: pilates, yoga, exercise ball
Motor learning and control : concepts and applications
Kinesiology : the mechanics and pathomechanics of human movement
Their kingdom come : inside the secret world of Opus Dei
The gay revolution : the story of the struggle
Exploring the perception of expressivity and interaction within musical dyads
Kinesiology : scientific basis of human motion
Barricades and boardrooms : a contemporary history of the corporate accountability movement
Sociology of discourse  : from institutions to social change
Visual detection of motion
Marxism and Social Movements
The international peace movement 1815-1874
They can't represent us! : reinventing democracy from Greece to Occupy
Katz and Rapoport (2005) conclude that with linear production technology and the possibility of unilateral migration, regionspecific shocks may increase the average level of education. Previously, Poutvaara (2000) derived a corresponding result with Cobb-Douglas technology and migration which may go in both directions. This paper shows that the exit option may reduce human capital formation with a quadratic production technology.
The ultimate parkour & freerunning book : discover your possibilities
The essence of Buddha : the path to enlightenment
A portrait of the life and career of investment guru Warren Buffett sheds new light on the man, as well as on the work, ideas, business principles, strategies, and no-nonsense insights that have guided his phenomenally successful business endeavors.
The role of movement patterns in development. Vol. 1
The book of knowledge : the keys of Enoch : a teaching given on seven levels to be read and visualized in preparation for the brotherhood of light to be delivered for the quickening of the "People of Light"
Lifelong motor development
The dawn of light : excerpts from letters 1911 to 1934
Studies in social movements : a social psychological perspective
