http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p19662 carrying
carrying
Single storey steel framed buildings in fire boundary conditions
Something Chinese
Structures : from theory to practice
The Helsinki School : a female view : vol. 4 / with texts by Timothy Persons and Andrea Holzherr, and an interview with Ulla Jokisalo by Andrea Holzherr
Introduction to architectural technology
Structure as Architecture presents a comprehensive analysis of the indispensable role of structure in architecture. An exploration, as well as a celebration, of structure, the book draws on a series of design studies and case study examples to illustrate how structure can be employed to realize a wide range of concepts in contemporary architecture. By examining design principles that relate to both architecture and structural engineering, Andrew Charleson provides new insights into the relationship between both the technical and aesthetic aspects of architecture. Now in its second edition, the text has been extensively revised and updated throughout. Features include: * A brand new chapter on hidden structure, adding to the material on exposed structures * Two new chapters on using structure to realise common architectural concepts through a combination of precedents and creative design * Over 50 new case studies from across the globe * Easy-to-understand diagrams and a highly visual design to aid understanding and accessibility More than two hundred case studies of contemporary buildings from countries such as the UK, the US, France, Germany, Spain, Hong Kong, Australia and Japan illustrate how a thorough integration of structure adds layers of richness and enhances the realisation of architectural design concepts.
Karelia once more
"What do you think of Indian feminism?" : the problematics of Indian feminism
Handbook on standards and guidelines in ergonomics and human factors
The Helsinki School. Vol. 4, A female view
Precast Eurocode 2 : design manual : for the design of precast concrete building structures to BS EN 1992-1-1: 2004 and the UK National Annex: 2005 / R.S. Narayanan
The Helsinki School : new photography by TaiK
Mechanics of materials
Experimental reduction of wolves in the Yukon : ungulate responses and management implications
Sandra Kantanen : landscapes : [Pyhäniemi Manor Hollola, Finland, 2.7. - 14.8.2011 : Purdy Hicks Gallery London, England, 23.6. - 23.7.2011 : Christophe Guye Galerie Zurich, Switzerland, Helsinki School, 7.7. - 20.8.2011] / copyediting: Vajra Spook
The Helsinki School : photography by TaiK / [authors: Andrea Holtzherr ... [et al.]]
Structure as architecture : a source book for architects and structural engineers
Rural transport and traction enterprises for improved livelihoods
Eurokoodi = Eurocode. 1, Rakenteiden kuormat = Actions on structures
Skins, envelopes, and enclosures : concepts for designing building exteriors
Eurokoodi 0 : rakenteiden suunnitteluperusteet = Eurocode 0 : basis of structural design
Introduction to structural dynamics
The Helsinki School : photography by TaiK
Tragsysteme = Structure systems
Tensile architecture
Still alive (and still lifes) in china : White still - black landscapes
Building code requirements for structural concrete (ACI 318-08) and commentary : ACI 318-08
Strength of materials and structures with an introduction to finite element methods
Design manual for structural stainless steel
The Helsinki School : new photography by TaiK : [Suomen valokuvataiteen museo, 30.5-26.8.2007] / [authors: Andrea Holtzherr, Timothy Persons]
Beam structures : classical and advanced theories
"As an architect, you want to integrate the best building envelope construction methods, materials science, and structural principles in your work, but you need a resource to help you. With more than seventy significant case studies located in North America, South America, Europe, and Asia from prehistory to the present, this book illuminates the theory and techniques of assembling exteriors. Six chapters organized by wall types, from hand-set monolithic walls to digitally fabricated curtain walls, each have a material focus section to help you understand their intrinsic properties so that you can decide which will best keep the weather out of your building. Case studies include: Great Wall, China Israeli Supreme Court Building, Jerusalem, Ram Karmi and Ada Karmi-Melamed Fďřation Nationale du Bt́iments, Paris, Jean Prouv Ǐnstitut du Monde Arabe, Paris, Jean Nouvel Morgan Library, New York City, Renzo Piano Katsura Imperial Villa, Kyoto Sainsbury Center for Visual Arts, Norwich, UK, Sir Norman Foster"--
Tall Buildings : Structural Systems and Aerodynamic Form
The Helsinki School : from the past to the future : vol. 5 / [edited by Timothy Persons and Asia Zak Persons for Aalto University of Arts, Design and Architecture]
Statics for dummies
Wood engineering and construction handbook
Design of steel portal frames for Europe
