http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p19626 telephone exchanges
telephone exchanges
Productivity and services : safety telephone services for the elderly
Design and implementation of tree and tabular combined notation test suite
Occurrence studies of intracranial tumours
Function description of charging in TRAM
MMS client for MHP set-top box
CEMS: a serial communication test program for monitoring GSM switch messages
Man-computer interface 1988a
Customer relationship management : an Indian perspective
Abstract.
Gender in call centre work
Development of HIT macro system for charging integration testing
Nokia in the finnish innovation system
The study and development of this thesis was made to create and analyze a potential project that a Mexican call center would develop for the Mexico Tourism Board. This developed project consists in providing telephone customer service to the people visiting Mexico. Not only will the tourists have service and assistance in any way such as finding businesses' information, health, and security information, but Servifon S.A. de C.V. would also work as a travel agency where the tourists can book their trip. Through this thesis a thorough explanation of the project has been done, explaining the key operational factors required for the development. These studies include the Market Analysis, the Human Resources Management, the Pricing Strategy, and the Advertising Process. Furthermore, a quantitative research was done, approaching two markets: the foreign market and the domestic market. The foreign market includes seven potential markets that were decided to be focused as target markets. These countries are the United States, Canada, France, Spain, Italy, Germany and the United Kingdom. As for the domestic market, it naturally means the Mexican market. The research was made by giving physical and online surveys to a mixed group of people focusing to approach these nationalities. The surveys were completed with 783 surveys for the foreign market and 90 surveys for the domestic market. All the domestic market surveys were completed online. As a result of this study, we conclude with the benefits that both parties, Servifon and the MTB will have by cooperating together. Consequently, this thesis project may be used as a manual or reference in case that Servifon and the MTB decide to develop it and launch it.
The customer response management handbook : building, rebuilding and improving your results
Offers a readable, step-by-step Australian guide to managing a modern customer response centre. Call centres are a growth industry and there is a strong demand for a comprehensive, sound, up-to-date reference outlining the basics of successful call centre management.
Pre-study on upgrading a Contact Center switch infrastructure
Optimization of the charging interface
Summary.
Nokia in the Finnish innovation system
A tool for testing the parameters of the MML programs of the DX200
Administration of Call Data Buffer Extension in AXE Real Time System = Laskutusinformaation puskuroinnin laajennuksen administrointi reaaliaikaisessa AXE-järjestelmässä
Call Center operation : design, operation and maintenance
Occupational voice - studying voice production and preventing voice problems with special emphasis on call-centre employees
Management of SNMP agent data
Development of test programs for WWG 8610 tester to test MCID-facility
A Contac Center is very important part of corporation's service concept. A Contact Center could be the only personal contact with the customer during the year. The corporate assigning the pre-study task is running a Contact Center with unsupported telephony switches and integration towards advanced contact handling Genesys solution is also unsupported. Unsupported versions in switches are causing challenges to both maintenance and enhancements. Lack of capacity between Contact Center locations is real challenge in peak periods. Thus, the corporation is well aware of the importance and the need for changes. The purpose of this pre-study was to clarify different alternatives to secure voice traffic in Contact Centers and to find a solution as for getting the telephony infra-structure into a supported level. In addition, the aim was also to identify requirements regarding the backup system. This pre-study was mainly carried out in workshops together with vendors. In these workshops, the purpose was to clarify available alternatives considering also infrastructural demand as well as the integration demands and costs issues. The study indicated that IP-technology seemed to be the best solution. However, this solution would require changes for the entire Contact Center infrastructure at the same time, therefore it could not be recommended for an immediate solution. Centralised PBX solution either leased or as purchased service would give more time to arrange integrations to IP-technology required level.  With this solution also voice traffic will be secured in short term. Voice traffic between different locations will be arranged using IP-technology. With suggested solution, the bottleneck from traditional voice traffic connections between locations is turned into network bandwidth requirements. Network bandwidth requirement could be handled and implemented more easily than traditional telephone voice connections.
Telephone customer service: the future of Mexico's tourism
Definition and description of the software maintenance process
Abstract:
