http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p19621 shadows
shadows shades (physical phenomena)
Theatre in Southeast Asia
Real-time shadows
Ystäväni varjo = The shadow of my friend
Sunshine superman
Toy theatres
Umbrellas and parasols
Karagiozis : culture and comedy in Greek puppet theatre
Creating shade : design, construction, technology
THE SHADOW PUPPET BOOK
In "Shadow Hunters", each player has a secret character identity - Shadow, Hunter, or Civilian (Neutral). Your job is to try and figure out identities in order to determine who is your ally or enemy. You'll be using Hermit cards to help as well as watching the other playerś actionson their turn. Once you identify the different secret identities, and your allies, the game play shifts to battle and survival. By making good use of the White Cards and Black Cards, or by attacking develops. In addition, you can utilize each characteŕs powerful unique ability such as "Teleport" and "Suck Blood", which would heat up the battle even further!
The elephant's umbrella
The necromancer : the secrets of the immortal Nicholas Flamel
Contrast-enhanced ultrasound of abdominal organs in cats
Army Badges and Insignia of World War 2 : book I
Shadow theatre
Shadows and enlightenment
Drawing visual illusions : how to have fun creating masterpieces of deception
Ramayana in the arts of Asia
The paratrooper's princess
101 quick and easy secrets to create winning photographs
A short history of the shadow
Thermal flying : for paraglider and hang glider pilots
CSS3 for web designers
Shadow Hunters
Skyggen : 21 samtidskunstnere folder H. C. Andersens fortaelling ud  = The shadow : 21 contemporary artists unfurl hans Christian Andersen ́s fairy tale : [Vestsjællands Kunstmuseum, 28.5. - 4.9.2005] / redaktion = editing: Christine Buhl Andersen
Parachute badges and insignia of the world
The low light photography field guide : go beyond daylight to capture stunning low light images
Malay shadow puppets : the Wayang Siam of Kelatan
Preoperative axillary staging in invasive breast cancer
How to cheat in 3ds Max 2011: get spectacular results fast
The enchantress
Pests and diseases of shade trees = : Glavneishie vrediteli i bolezni zelenykh nasazhdenii
Light
The foggy, foggy forest
Shadow theatre in Java : the puppets, performance and repertoire
Edward Gordon Craig : a vision of the theatre
How to cheat in Photoshop CS6 : the art of creating realistic photomontages
The black rabbit
Black figures : 105 reproductions with an unpublished essay
Photographic composition : a visual guide
Essential fashion illustration
Skydive : sport parachuting explained
Chinese shadow theatre
You say light, I think shadow
What is light? To find an answer to this simple but complex issue, invited prominent and inspiring creatives share their thoughts on the phenomenon. The result was a collection of 109 entries, poetic and personal thoughts, visions, stories, memories and statements about light and shadow magic. Each text is individually designed, and together they form a highly visual experience.
The magician : the secrets of the immortal Nicholas Flamel
Mathematical modelling of clinical tracer experiments
The theatre advancing
Parachute games
Seeing dark things : the philosophy of shadows
The sky people : a history of parachuting
Shadow puppets & shadow play
How to render : the fundmentals of light, shadow and reflectivity
Ann Lislegaard : crystal world : X ́rummet Statens Museum for Kunst, 24. feb - 5. aug, 2007 / [redaktion = editor: Sven Bjerkhof ; artikel = article: Anders Kreuger]
Sport parachuting
The alchemyst : the secrets of the immortal Nicholas Flamel
The artist's guide to perspective
The complete sport parachuting guide
Parachute games with DVD
Parachuting : skydiver's handbook
Touching cloudbase : the complete guide to paragliding
Optical toys
Chinese shadow puppet plays
Efficient physically-based shadow algorithms
Abstract: Essence of Life - Free Spirit 2006-2007 -DVD and Usage of Multimedia Appliances in Sport Skydiving.
The game of shadows
The paras : the story of the parachute regiment
Schattentheater = shadow theatre. Band  2, Kunst + Technik
Falcons : men who train the paras
Airborne assault : Three of the best airborne forces Commando comic book adventures
Shadow chasers
Base jumping : the ultimate guide
A fashion story of light and shadow
Shadow theatres and shadow films
Essence of Life - Free Spirit 2006-2007 DVD and usage of multimedia appliances in sport skydiving
When the rain comes the elephant likes to put up his umbrella and invite his friends underneath. One day the umbrella is swept away by the wind and meets the leopard and the bear, who have very different idea about how to use the umbrella.
I have a friend
Papers presented to professor Uuno Varjo, head of the Department of Geography, University of Oulu, on the occasion of his sixtieth birthday, 7th March 1981
Javanese shadow plays, Javanese selves
3D in Photoshop : the ultimate guide for creative professionals
Dancing shadows of Bali : theatre and myth
The Karagiozis heroic performance in Greek shadow theater
Paragliding : the complete guide
Tolpava koothu : the traditional shadow puppet play of Kerala. Vol. 1, Balakandam
The warlock : the secrets of the immortal Nicholas Flamel
Inside the drama-house : Rāma stories and shadow puppets in South India
Light and shade in Dutch and flemish art
Illuminated pixels : the why, what, and how of digital lighting
Hand Shadows : 32 silhouettes to make with your hands
