http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p19602 violin
violin
Cremona violins : a physicist's quest for the secrets of Stradivari
101 violin tips : stuff all the pros know and use
Forgotten tune : entertainment melodies for violin  and piano : estradnye melodii dlja skripki i fortepiano = Zabytyi motiv
Music from the heart : compositions of a folk fiddler
Geigenbauer der deutschen Schule des 17. bis 19. Jahrhunderts. Band 1, A-K = Violin-makers of the German school from the 17th to the 19th century. Volume 1, A-K = Luthiers de l'ecole allemande du 17e au 19e siècle. Volume 1, A-K
Beginners please
Fiddle for dummies
The history of violin playing from its origins to 1761 and its relationship to the violin and violin music
Healthy string playing : physical wellness tips from the pages of String Magazine
Amazing solos for violin and keyboard
Fiddle time starters : a beginning book for violin
Playing the violin and stringed instruments
Violin for dummies
Cadenzas : for violin works by W. A. Mozart
Finnish folk music
Universal Dictionary of Violin and Bow Makers
365 exercises – one for every day of the year. Musical styles include pop, rock, bluegrass, Irish, jazz, funk, and more. Techniques taught include scales, ornaments, rhythm/feel, bowing, arpeggios, playing with others, and stretching out. These exercises will improve facile technique, intonation, style vocabulary, rhythmic acuity, ensemble playing, and more. The accompanying audio includes all 365 workout licks plus play-along grooves in every style at eight different metronome settings.
On Yehudi Menuhin's approach to the violin
The Little Sevic : An elementary violin tutor
Let us have music for violin 1 - Fischer
A new tune a day : for violin. Book 1.
Violin method
Complete technique for violin : 400 exercises include 45 musical studies in positions 1 through 5. Book 1
My first 79 years
Vibrato on the violin
The magic fiddle : a graded collection of favourite classical and modern pieces for violin and piano. 1, Grade 1
The Amadeus book of the violin
Five-time loser 1940-1951
Daily scale exercises for violin
Violin making : step by step
Suloisesti laulava puu = The sweetly singing tree
Violin Studies. op6 part 1 : violin method for beginners
Witches' brew for violin and piano : 16 spooky pieces to play and sing, beginner to prelimary grade (using open strings and 1st fingers)
Menuhin : a life
Essentials for strings : Violin : A systematic approach to technical development
Fiddling : instruction for players of any level
Fun club violin : teacher copy : chill-out pieces to enjoy between exams. Violin grade 0-1
Research papers in violin acoustics 1975-1993 : with an introductory essay: 350 years of violin research. Vol. 2
Playing the violin : an illustrated guide
The effect of violin and viola playing on bony facial structures and on frequency of temporomandibular disorders
Violin playing : as I teach it
And the band played on..
The nightmare
The soloist : a lost dream, an unlikely friendship and the redemptive power of music
Der Geigenmarkt : ein Führer zum Instrumentenkauf = The violin market : the violinists guide to instrument purchase
The Living Violin
Violin : ten famous pop songs for solo or ensemble playing
Nicolo Paganini : with an analysis of his compositions and a sketch of the history of the violin
Virtual violin in the digital domain : physical modeling and model-based sound synthesis of violin and its interactive application in virtual environment
Child-Friendly approach to instrumental education : The Colourstrings Violin School
Fiolens geometriska modell = Model of the violin
Fun club violin : student copy : chill-out pieces to enjoy between exams. Violin grade 1-2
Basic principles of violin playing : A report prepared for the MENC Committee on string instruction int he schools
A new tune a day for violin
Norwegian violin favourites
The art of violin playing. Book two : Artistic realization and instruction
You can make a "Stradivarius violin"
Symphonies 1 & 2, Concerto for violin and wind orchestra, Broadway songs
Laugh with classical music
Violin fingering : its theory and practice
The compact violin : a complete guide to the violin and ten great composers
Waggon wheels : 26 pieces for violin and playalong CD
Step one : play violin
The violin book
Universal dictionary of violin and bow makers
THE VIOLIN MAKERS OF THE GUARNERI FAMILY..
Position etudes : Suzuki violin school
Research papers in violin acoustics 1975-1993 : with an introductory essay: 350 years of violin research. Vol. 1
Violin solos : Easy first and third position with piano accompaniment
The art of violin playing. Book one
A bibliographical guide to Spanish music for the violin and viola, 1900-1997
Forty studies for violin
A guide to bowing : strathspeys, reels, pastoral melodies, hornpipes, etc
The Auschwitz violin
Known violin makers
The Italian solo concerto, 1700-1760 : rhetorical strategies and style history
Fun club violin : student copy : chill-out pieces to enjoy between exams. Violin grade 2-3
Suzuki violin school : violin part : revised edition. Volume 3.
The performance style of Jascha Heifetz
The art of the violin : teachers, teaching and technique : the collected articles of Henri Temianka on modern string playing
How to repair violins and other musical instruments
The lost art of letter writing
Fun club violin : teacher copy : chill-out pieces to enjoy between exams. Violin grade 2-3
100+ solos for violin
Six sonata & partitas s. 1001-1006 for violin solo
Fun club violin : student copy : chill-out pieces to enjoy between exams. Violin grade 0-1
Encyclopedia of violin-makers
Shinichi Suzuki : the man and his philosophy
The crooked stovepipe : Athapaskan fiddle music and square dancing in Northeast Alaska and Northwest Canada
Violin star. 1 : 47 progressive pieces for beginner violinists
Teach yourself violin : a complete learning system including 3 audio CDs and DVD!
Tackling a new instrument can be intimidating, but with this easy-to-use guide, you'll have no trouble at all! From selecting, tuning, and caring for your fiddle to mastering various music styles, Fiddle For Dummies walks you step-by-step through everything you need to start playing the fiddle like a pro. You'll discover how to hold a fiddle, master fundamental techniques, and take your skills to the next level. This title also features companion audio tracks and instructional video clips hosted online at Dummies.com to help further enhance your skills. The fiddle is a popular instrument across many continents, and is a favorite for many because it is small and portable. Playing the fiddle can expose you to a range of musical styles from all over the world, such as Irish, Scottish, Celtic/Cape Breton, country, folk, bluegrass, and more. Plus, if you're already a violin player, you'll impress yourself and fellow musicians as you unlock your instrument to open up a whole new world of sounds. Learn fiddle techniques and fundamentals. Select, tune, and care for your fiddle. Join the folk instrument movement and master the fiddle. Play fiddle music from all over the world.
Easy Disney favorites : violin
Problems of tone production in violin playing
Contemporary violin technique. Volume one (Parts 1 & 2), Scale and arpeggio exercises with bowing and rhythm patterns
Yehudi Menuhin : the story of the man and the musician
The art of violin playing : Book two : artistic realization & instruction
Native informant
Folk fiddle playtime : Really easy tunes from around the world
Fiddle Method Book 1
The book of the violin
The sea in music
ALTE MEISTER FÜR JUNGE SPIELER I : VIOLINE UND PIANO
Viuluasteikkoja lapsille : Violin scales for children. 1
Fun club violin : teacher copy : chill-out pieces to enjoy between exams. Violin grade 1-2
The violin
The Compact Violin : A complete guide to the violin and ten great composers
Violin : an easy guide
Concepts in string playing : reflections by artist-teachers at the Indiana University School of Music
Advanced violin technique
Geigenbauer der deutschen Schule des 17. bis 19. Jahrhunderts. Band 2, L-Z = Violin-makers of the German school from the 17th to the 19th century. Volume 2, L-Z = Luthiers de l'ecole allemande du 17e au 19e siècle. Volume 2, L-Z / Walter Hamma
The violin : history aesthetics, manufacture, and acoustics
Easy violin pieces  (world's favorite series:91)
Shooting stars : for violin and piano : 21 pieces for violin players with piano accompaniment
The Suzuki method : a guide for parents
The violin lesson : a manual for teaching and self-teaching the violin
Yehudi Menuhin : concert magic
Musical postcards for violin : keyboard accompaniment : 10 pieces in 10 styles from around the world
The Art of violin making
The violin-makers of the Guarneri family : (1626-1762) : their life and work
An analysis of three violin compositions
Guide to teaching strings
Mystic endowment : religious ethnography of the Warao Indians
The making of musical instruments
Folk fiddle time : more easy tunes from around the world
The art of the violin
The art of playing on the violin 1751
Wizard's potion for violin and piano : 16 spooky pieces to play and sing, for violin grades 1 and 2 (using 1st and 2nd finger patterns)
Fiddling in West Africa : touching the spirit in Fulbe, Hausa, and Dagbamba cultures
Getting the most out of Mozart : the instrumental works
Mel Bay's classical repertoire for violin. Volume two
Violin : an easy guide to
The master violinmaker
Violin family
Violin left hand technique : a survey of related literature
The Principles of Violin Fingering
The influence of the spatial-temporal structure of movement on intonation during changes of position in violin playing
An encyclopedia of the violin
Stephane Grappelli : or the violin with wings : a profile
Etüden für Violine mit Begleitung der zweiten Violine : op. 68 : op. 68 = Tanulmányok hegedure második hegedu kísértével : op. 68 = Studies for violin with accompaniment of the second violin
Stradivarius : one cello, five violins and a genius
Jazz chord studies for violin
The violinist's second year : Pupil's book pianoforte accompaniment
The only pirate at the party
The essential string method : violin. Book 4
Violin varnishes : interesting information on resins and basic materials for violin varnish and advice on varnishing
Stage fright : its causes and cures with special reference to violin playing
Motion study and violin bowing
