http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p19623 musical analysis
musical analysis
György Ligeti : beyond avant-garde and postmodernism
Music of the twentieth century : style and structure
The Clash
The Symphony. Volume two : Mahler to present day
Narratives of identity in Alban Berg's 'Lulu'
Writing and analysis workbook to accompany The complete musician : an integrated approach to tonal theory, analysis, and listening
Blixa Bargeld and Einstürzende Neubauten : German experimental music : 'evading do-re-mi'
The Symphony. Volume one : Haydn to Dvořák
Engaging music : essays in music analysis
Guide to symphonic music
Beethoven symphonies
What is a cadence? : theoretical and analytical perspectives on cadences in the classical repertoire
Gesualdo's harsh and bitter music : expressive and constructive devices in the six books of five-voice madrigals
Mozart wind and string concertos
Essays in musical analysis. Vol. 5, Vocal music
The organization of texture in selected piano compositions of Claude Debussy
Music as discourse : semiotic aventures in romantic music
Symphony no. 2 : c minor
Tonal music : twelve analytic studies
What nature tells me : semiosis, narrative, death and nature in Gustav Mahler's "Der Abschied"
Anthology for musical analysis
An Introduction to Music
Essays in musical analysis. Vol. 1, Symphonies
Mozart and the sonata form
Modelling musical cognition with artificial neural networks
Analysing musical multimedia
Engaging Haydn : culture, context, and criticism
Trout mask replica
6 th International doctoral and postdoctoral seminar on Musical Semiotics : March 9-13, 1998.
Not Russian enough? : nationalism and cosmopolitanism in nineteenth-century Russian opera
Advanced Elvis course
Celestial music? : some masterpieces of European religious music
The Baroque Concerto
Tonal and formal structure in selected larger works of Chopin
Explaining music : essays and explorations
Franz Liszt : The man & his music
A composition as a problem III : proceedings of the 3rd international conference on music thoery, Tallinn, March 9-10, 2001
The invisible artist : arrangers in popular music (1950-2000)
The jazz tradition
Healing rhythms : the world of South Korea's East Coast hereditary shamans
Two-dimensional sonata form : form and cycle in single-movement instrumental works by Liszt, Strauss, Schoenberg, and Zemlinsky
Guide to chamber music
Keys to the drama : nine perspectives on sonata forms
Essays in Musical Analysis : Volume I: Symphonies
Workbook for harmonic practice in tonal music
Bartók's style : as reflected in Sonata for two pianos and percussion and Music for strings, percussion and celesta
Znamennoe i partesnoe penie: analiz ritoričeskih konstrukcij = Znamennyi and partes singing: an analysis of rhetorical models : [učebnoe. posobie]
Just as our society delights in citations, quotations, and allusions in myriad contexts, not least in popular song, late medieval poets and composers knew well that such references could greatly enrich their own works. In The Art of grafted song: citation and allusion in the age of Machaut, author Yolanda Plumley explores the penchant for borrowing in chansons and lyrics from fourteenth-century France, uncovering a practice integral to the experiments in form, genre, and style that ushered in a new school of lyric.
Riding on a blue note : jazz and American pop
Essays in Musical Analysis : Volume V: Vocal music
J. S. Bach, Chromatic fantasy and fugue
Comparison structure analysis
The cultural impact of Kanye West
The Cantatas of Johann Sebastian Bach : Sacred and secular. Volume II
Essays in musical analysis. 6, Supplementary essays, Glossary and index
A study of the solo vocal works of Reynaldo Hahn with analysis of selected melodies
Experiencing David Bowie : a listener's companion
Talking about concertos : an analytical study of a number of well-known concertos from Mozart to the present day
Music as discourse : semiotic adventures in romantic music
Jazz styles : history & analysis
Experiments on grammar-based analysis of music
Prolongation in early post-tonal music : analytical examples and theoretical priciples
The transition from modal to tonal organization in the works of Monteverdi
Aspects of Schenkerian theory
A composition as a problem VI : proceedings of the seventh international conference on music theory, Tallinn, October 8-11, 2014
Essays in Musical Analysis : Volume IV: illustrative music
The essence of Bruckner : an essay towards the understanding of his music
Trends in Schenkerian research
Early jazz-rock : the music of Miles Davis, 1967-72
The Cambridge companion to Bruckner
Harmony in Chopin
The infinite variety of a musician
Inside the score : a detailed analysis of 8 classic jazz ensemble charts
Analyzing fugue : a Schenkerian approach
Interpreting Bach at the keyboard
Instructor's manual for Introduction to Schenkerian analysis
Orchestration and the analysis of tonal music : interaction between orchestration and other musical parameters in selected symphonic compositions c. 1785-1835
Implementing improvisation and songwriting to aid the transition to adulthood for adolelescents with special needs : a case study
Lennie and Ornette : searching for freedom in improvisation : observations on the music of Lennie Tristano and Ornette Coleman
The masterwork in music
Formalization and epistemology
A composition as a problem V : proceedings of the 5th international conference on music theory, Tallinn, September 28-30, 2006.. 5
Teaching of polyphony, harmony and form in elementary school
Introduction of the theory of Heinrich Schenker : the nature of the musical work of art
The art of fugue : Bach fugues for keyboard, 1715-1750
The apparition from the forest : a treatise on Satz in the music of Jean Sibelius
Applied musicology : using zygonic theory to inform music education, therapy, and psychology research
Harmonic practice in tonal music
The electronic music of Karlheinz Stockhausen : studies on the Esthetical and Formal Problems of its First Phase
The study of fugue
Music psychotherapy with refugee survivors of torture : interpretations of three clinical case studies
Musical insights : the journal of Macro
Editing early music
Twentieth-century chamber music
Messiah : understanding and performing Handel's masterpiece
Romantic music : sound and syntax
The music of Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart : the symphonies
Essays in musical analysis. Vol. 4, Illustrative music
Filigree in sound : Form and content in Indian music
Phrase rhythm in tonal music
Brahms, the four symphonies
Making sense of the non-sensible : unity in five articles on Beethoven's Op. 132 (1987-2009)
A study in musical analysis
Jazz styles : history and analysis
Bach the borrower
Early English chamber music : From the Middle Ages to Purcell
Towards new concepts of music analysis
Guidelines for style analysis
On conceptualization of music : applying systemic approach to musicological concepts, with practical examples of music theory and analysis
Music for the people : the pleasures and pitfalls of classical music
Popular music studies in seven acts : conference proceedings of the Fourth Annual Conference of Finnish Society for Ethnomusicology (1995)
A theory of music analysis : on segmentation and associative organization
Musicals in focus
The complete book of 20th century music
Lennie and Ornette searching for freedom in improvisation : observations on the music of Lennie Tristano and Ornette Coleman
Essays in musical analysis. 2, Symphonies (II), variations, and orchestral polyphony
The art of grafted song : citation and allusion in the age of Machaut
The Beethoven Quartets
Jean Sibelius's works for mixed choir : a source study
The motet around 1500 : on the relationship of imitation and text treatment?
The complete musician : an integrated approach to tonal theory, analysis, and listening
The musical experience : sound, movement, and arrival
Federico Moreno Torroba : a musical life in three acts
The research presented in this volume is very recent, and the general approach is that of rethinking popular musicology: its purpose, its aims, and its methods. Contributors to the volume were asked to write something original and, at the same time, to provide an instructive example of a particular way of working and thinking. The essays have been written with a view to helping graduate students with research methodology and the application of relevant theoretical models. The team of contributors is an exceptionally strong one: it contains many of the pre-eminent academic figures involved in popular musicological research, and there is a spread of European, American, Asian, and Australasian scholars. The volume covers seven main themes: Film, Video and Multimedia; Technology and Studio Production; Gender and Sexuality; Identity and Ethnicity; Performance and Gesture; and, Reception and Scenes and The Music Industry and Globalization. "The Ashgate Research Companion" is designed to offer scholars and graduate students a comprehensive and authoritative state-of-the-art review of current research in a particular area. The companion's editor brings together a team of respected and experienced experts to write chapters on the key issues in their speciality, providing a comprehensive reference to the field.
The apparition from the forest : a treatise on Satz in the music of Jean Sibelius : lectio praecursoria
Fugue for beginners
The European musical heritage, 800-1750
8th International doctoral and postdoctoral seminar on Musical Semiotics, : Oct. 13-17, 2000.
Burgundian court song in the time of Binchois : the anonymous chansons of El Escorial, MS V.III.24
Music analysis in the nineteenth century. Vol. 1, Fugue, form and style
"Not a single note may be changed!" : towards a critical edition of Toivo Kuula's songs
Discourse and music
Beethoven's quartets
Vocal victories : Wagner's female characters from Senta to Kundry
Melodic improvisation in American Jazz : the style of Theodore "Sonny" Rollins 1951-1962
The music of Claude Debussy
Which one's Pink? : an analysis of the concept albums of Roger Waters and Pink Floyd
Composer-performer Julius Eastman was an enigma, both comfortable and uncomfortable in the many worlds he inhabited: black, white, gay, straight, classical music, disco, academia, and downtown New York. His music, insistent and straightforward, resists labels and seethes with a tension that resonates with musicians, scholars, and audiences today. Eastman's provocative titles, including Gay Guerrilla, Evil Nigger, Crazy Nigger, and others assault us with his obsessions. Eastman tested limits with his political aggressiveness, as recounted in legendary scandals he unleashed, for example, his June 1975 performance of John Cage's Song Books, which featured homoerotic interjections, and the uproar over his titles at Northwestern University. These episodes are examples of Eastman's persistence in pushing the limits of the acceptable in the highly charged arenas of sexual and civil rights. The essays in Gay Guerrilla offer context on Eastman's life history and the era's social landscape, commentaries on the composer's personality and talents, and analyses of his music. The book presents an authentic portrait of a notable American artist that is compelling reading for the general reader as well as scholars interested in twentieth-century American music, American Studies, gay rights, and civil rights.
Although research in music psychology, education, and therapy has expanded exponentially in the twenty-first century, there is something of a 'black hole' around which much of the discourse circles: music itself. While writers have largely been occupied with what people think about musical engagement, the little musical analysis that exists has tended to be at a low level compared to the sophisticated non-musical exploration that is present. This highlights the tenuous connection between musical enquiry in the context of the humanities and that occurring within the social sciences, the one exception being the partial intersection of music theory and psychology. Here, however, progress has largely been in one direction, with something of the objectivity that characterizes psychological research reading across to music analysis, and taking the form of what has been called 'empirical musicology'.
Jean Sibelius and the fourth dimension
A composition as a problem VI : proceedings of the sixth international conference on music theory, Tallinn, October 15-17, 2010
Some considerations about D. Shostakovich's Piano trio no. 2 e-moll
Dichterliebe : an authoritative score, historical background, essays in analysis, views and comments
The apparition from the forest : a treatise on Satz in the music of Jean Sibelius.
Music analyses : an annotated guide to the literature
Workbook for the musician's guide to theory and analysis : [workbook]
The analysis of music
Music and twentieth-century tonality : harmonic progression based on modality and the interval cycles
Lookout Farm : a case study of improvisation for small jazz group
Choral masterworks : a listener's guide
This book introduces a theory of music analysis--a language and conceptual framework--that analysts can use to delve into aspects of segmentation and associative organization in a wide range of repertoire from the Baroque to the present. Rather than a methodology, the theory provides analysts with a precise language and broad, flexible conceptual framework that they can when formulating and investigating questions of interest and develop their own interpretations of individual pieces and passages. The theory begins with a basic distinction among three domains of musical experience and discourse about it: the sonic (psychoacoustic); the contextual (or associative, sparked by varying degrees of repetition); and the structural (guided by a specific theory of musical structure or syntax invoked by the analyst). A comprehensive presentation of the theory (with copious musical illustrations) is balanced with close analyses of works by Beethoven, Debussy, Nancarrow, Riley, Feldman, and Morris -- Publisher summary.
Heinrich Schenker : an annotated index to his analyses of musical works
Music for study : a source book of excerpts
Beyond Orpheus : studies in musical structure
The Ashgate research companion to popular musicology
Bach's forty-eight preludes and fugues : analysed for students. Book 2
The Essence of Bruckner : an essay towards the understanding of his music
The chamber music of Brahms
The listening experience : elements, forms, and styles in music
The Cantatas of Johann Sebastian Bach : Sacred and secular. Volume I
The scoring of early classical concertos 1750-1780
A composition as a problem IV : proceedings of the 4th international conference on music theory, Tallinn, April 3-5, 2003.. 4/2
The musician's guide to theory and analysis
Chasing the bird : functional harmony in Charlie Parker's bebop themes
An eplication of some recent mathematical approaches to music analysis
Style and idea in the Lyric suite of Alban Berg
Systems of musical sense : essays on the analysis, semiotics, and hermeneutics of music
A composition as a problem IV : proceedings of the 4th international conference on music theory, Tallinn, April 3-5, 2003.. 4/1
Of Mozart, parrots and cherry blossoms in the wind : a composer explores mysteries of the musical mind
Structural functions in music
Essays in Musical Analysis : Volume VI: Supplementary essays, glossary and index
An analysis of three violin compositions
Style and structure in the praeludia of Dietrich Buxtehude
Beethoven's piano sonata in E, op. 109
Listening to music
Workbook in tonal analysis : questions and answers
Endless enigma : a musical biography of Emerson, Lake and Palmer
Form in tonal music : an introduction to analysis
Music analysis in the nineteenth century. Volume 2, Hermeneutic Approaches
Temporal correlation in the Goldberg variations
Composing for the cinema : the theory and praxis of music in film
Essays in Musical Analysis : Volume II: symphonies, variations and orchestral polyphony
Motivic-harmonic transfer in the late works of Schubert chromaticism in large and small spans
The American Stravinsky : the style and aesthetics of Copland's new American music, the early works, 1921-1938
Analyzing free jazz
The anatomy of jazz
Masterworks of the orchestral repertoire : a guide for listeners
Schoenberg's musical idiom
Frames and framing : the margins of music analysis
A method for generating musical motion patterns
The piece as a whole : Studies in holistic musical analysis
Skills and musicianship workbook to accompany The complete musician : an integrated approach to tonal theory, analysis, and listening
Revolution : the making of the Beatles' White album
Theory and analysis of classic heavy metal harmony
A multidimensional scaling study of seven theoretical indices of intervallic similarity and musicians' perceptions among twenty-one pitch-class sets with implications for music teacing and learning
Meter as projection in Debussy's Danseuses de Delphes
Introduction to the theory of Heinrich Schenker : the nature of the musical work of art
Gustav Mahler : An introduction to his music
Gay guerrilla : Julius Eastman and his music
3rd International doctoral and postdoctoral seminar on Musical Semiotics : Sep. 20-24, 1993
Orientations : collected writings
The concerto : a listener's guide
Structural hearing : tonal coherence in music
Extending Schenker's Neue musikalische Theorien und Phantasien : towards a Schenkerian model for the analysis of Ravel's music
