http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p19600 control cabins
control cabins cockpits flight decks
Beyond the black box : talk-in-interaction in the airline cockpit
Purpose of this master's thesis was to discover and identify key points how underground loader operator environments could be improved. New definition for pleasurable cabin was created during the discovery phase of this study. This new definition introduces main features that are affecting to cabin pleasurability and it was used as a basis when key areas for further research were selected. While selecting the key areas for further research recent and ongoing projects were observed to avoid overlapping. Chosen key areas were ergonomics, ISE (Interior Space Envelope) and visibility from physical features and cognitive features as a whole. Also issues related to operator environment safety and quality together with issues affecting to operator health were studied. Because of the wide scope the underground loader LH517 was chosen to be used as example in this study. Key improvement areas found from this type of machine can be applied to other loader types as well. In this master's thesis ergonomics was noticed in its whole meaning. This means that the whole work system which consists of the human, work task, work tools, operating environment and work process were analyzed. In the work was noticed that it is possible to improve the total productivity by developing the ergonomics and usability of the operator compartment which then improves competitiveness in the market. A new definition about key areas affecting to operator productivity was created in this master's thesis. Literature related to ergonomics, usability and safety were widely studied to create a holistic view to these matters. Also an ergonomics and usability study for LH517 cabin was performed by an external partner as a part of this master's thesis. As for the end of this thesis there are some thoughts about how safety and total productivity could be improved even more in the future. With the help of techniques presented in this master's thesis it is also
possible to ensure better user experience and have better motivated and more loyal operators. Definitions for pleasurable cabin and operator productivity that were created in this master's thesis are purposed to be further developed since the basic frames are now in place. The key improvement areas that were discovered and identified in this study will be developed in upcoming R&D projects.
Ergonomics and usability improvement of underground loader cabin
At the controls : the Smithsonian National Air and Space Museum book of cockpits
Achievement of intersubjectivity in airline cockpit interaction
Assessment of thermal climate in operator's cabs : seminar in Florence 18-19 November 1999
Giant vehicles
