http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p19601 insulations (building supplies)
insulations (building supplies)
Sustainable use of renewable natural resources : from principles to practices
Thermal conductivity of thermal insulation materials : report
The resource handbook of electronics
Microbial quality of hemp (Cannabis sativa L.) and flax (Linum usitatissimum L.) from plants to thermal insulation
Feasibility study on renewable energy systems and selected insulation applications : smart solutions for energy saving
Aging of cellular plastic insulations
Electric-field-induced dielectric and caloric effects in relaxor ferroelectrics
Simulation based optimal control of some industrial cable insulation processes
Insulation handbook
Condition assessment of high voltage insulation in power system equipment
Cellulosic bast fibres of flax and hemp as alternative raw materials for thermal insulations
Discussions on electricity : Introduction to effects and applications of electricity and magnetism
Materials handbook : a concise desktop reference
Teollisuuseristys = Industrial insulations
Form foaming is on track to production
This work presents a method for the fabrication of Li₂MoO₄ ceramics at room-temperature based on utilizing a small amount of water with Li₂MoO₄ powder. The densification of the ceramic takes place during pressing. Thus the shape and size of the final ceramic compact can easily be managed by controlling the mould dimensions and the amount of material. Post-processing at 120 °C is applied to remove residual water from the compact. This post-processing temperature can be chosen to be suitable to the other materials integrated, such as the substrate or electrodes, as long as the post-processing time is adequate to remove the residual water. The dielectric properties (relative permittivity of 5.1 and a loss tangent value of 0.00035 at 9.6 GHz) after optimization of the powder particle size, sample pressing pressure, and post-processing time were similar to those achieved for Li₂MoO₄ ceramics fabricated by sintering at 540 °C.The dielectric properties of Li₂MoO₄ ceramics were also modified using composite methods. For example, an addition of 10 volume-% of BaTiO₃ increased the relative permittivity from 6.4 to 9.7 and the loss tangent value from 0.0006 to 0.011 at 1 GHz. To investigate the thermal dependence of the permittivity, different amounts of rutile TiO₂ were incorporated into a Li₂MoO₄ ceramic matrix fabricated with the method described in this work. As the amount of TiO₂ increased from 10 to 30 volume-%, the thermal coefficient of permittivity decreased from 180 ppm/°C to -170 ppm/°C. The low processing temperature made the fabrication approach introduced here feasible for silver electrode integration without the formation of extra phases, which were observed in sintered samples with similar compositions in another study.A patch antenna was realized utilizing a Li₂MoO₄ ceramic disk fabricated by the room-temperature method. The antenna operating at ~4 GHz showed reasonably good performance. A relative humidity of 80% lowered the resonant frequency by 3.25% from the initial value, and reduced the total and radiation efficiencies of the antenna by ~2 dB. The changes were slowly reversible. Use of a silicone conformal coating reduced the shift of the resonant frequency to 1.26% from the initial value and also reduced the effect on efficiencies to ~1 dB. The use of the coating also speeded up the reversibility of the changes when the humidity was decreased.
Nanoparticle technology handbook
Emissions from thermal insulations : part 2: evaluation of emissions from organic and inorganic insulations
Symbis : personnel magazine of Saint-Gobain Construction Products sector
Testing of insulation structures of squirrel cage motors for variable speed drives
Emission measurements from fibrous thermal insulation materials
A room-temperature fabrication method for microwave dielectric Li2MoO4 ceramics and their applicability for antennas
Novel silicon devices based on bulk and SOI materials
Teollisuuseristys = Thermal insulation in process industry
Handbook of electrical and electronic insulating materials
Quality of Linum usitatissimum L. (flax and linseed) and Cannabis sativa L. (fibre hemp) during the production chain of fibre raw material for thermal insulations
Measurements on electric breakdown in dielectric barriers between carbon nanotubes and electrodes
Carbon dioxide permeability of cellulose-insulated wall structures
Ageing of composites
Materials for architects and builders : an introduction
Design of pulsed electroacoustic measurement system for space charge characterisation
Bioimpedance and bioelectricity basics
Abstract: Inside or outside insulation of a log wall.
Capacitance and diameter control in telephone cable insulation process
Studies on partial coherence and electromagnetic optics of metamaterials
Seal replacements have longer lifetimes
The dry-line method in bast fibre production
Sustainable home refurbishment : the Earthscan guide to retrofitting homes for efficiency
New pad offers high performance and long life
Insulation co-ordination in high-voltage electric power systems
Root causes of insulation failures and development of insulation system for variable speed driven motors : performance of a corona resistant magnet wire
Microbial emissions from fibrous thermal insulations
Insulators for high voltages
Insulation materials from wood fibre (English summary)
Dielectric characterization of powdery substances using an indirectly coupled open-ended coaxial cavity resonator
