http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p19603 mycorrhizal fungi
mycorrhizal fungi
Nutrient balance and salinity stress in arbuscular mycorrhizal fungi
Mycorrhizal functioning : an integrative plant-fungal process
The Mycota : a comprehensive treatise on fungi as experimental systems for basic and applied research. Volume 4, Environmental and microbial relationships
Variation of ectomycorrhizal colonisation in Norway spruce seedlings in Finnish forest nurseries
Ecology of mycorrhizal Pinus sylvestris seedlings - aspects of colonization and growth
The growth of external ectomycorrhizal mycelia in the field in relation to host nutrient status and local addition of mineral sources
Pesticide induced responses in ectomycorrhizal fungi and symbiont Scots pine seedlings
Influence of decaying birch logs to Scots pine mycorrhizae at clear-cutted ploughed sizes in northern Finland
Mycorrhiza : structure, function, molecular biology and biotechnology
Abstract.
Control by arbuscular endomycorrhizae of Pratylenchus brachyurus in pineapple microplants
Trials were carried out using, as a root inoculants, mixed Glomus spp. (G. mossae, G. caledonium, and G. fasiculatum) and Bacillus subtilis FZB24, and the plant activator N, O-carboxymethyl chitosan applied as a foliar spray. The treatments were applied singly and in combinations, on strawberry plants grown out of season in a greenhouse.  Both fruit yield and runner production were reduced due to disease.  Several of the treatments were found to have significant effects, increasing fruit number and yield, and runner production.  Disease symptom severity was lowest in the B. subtilis FZB24 plus chitosan treatment. The treatments giving significantly higher fruit yield/number and runner production werea inoculation with B. subtilis FZB24, and with B. subtilis FZB24 or AMF combined with chitosan spray. These treatments and a fungicide treatment, gave the same level of disease control.
Involvement of the superoxide dismutase enzyme in the mycorrhization process
Maintenance methods for ectomycorrhizal fungi
Diversity and integration in mycorrhizas : proceedings of the 3rd International Conference on Mycorrhizas (ICOM3), Adelaide, Australia, 8-13 July 2001
Notes on the genus Lactarius from the Rocky Mountain alpine zone in regard to Finnish arctic-alpine species
Genetic control of susceptibility to fungal symbionts of juvenile Norway spruce (Picea abies (L.) H. Karsten) in relation to long-term growth performance
Should the frequency of drought increase in boreal forests due to climate change, seedlings planted in prepared peat mounds could become more susceptible to soil desiccation. The resistance of Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris L.) seedlings to drought will thus be a key factor in the regeneration success of pine-dominated, forestry-drained peatlands. In this study, we evaluated the physiological, metabolic, and morphologi¬cal responses of year-old seedlings gradually exposed to extreme drought in highly decomposed Sphagnum-Carex peat blocks. Drought clearly suppressed root and shoot growth as well as fractional colonization of ectomycorrhizal fungi. Sustained declines in photochemical efficiency (Fv/Fm) of previous-year and current-year needles did not occur until the volumetric soil water content had dropped to 30% and 10%, respectively. Polyamine analysis revealed that new needles are preferred in protecting the different parts of the seedlings against drought stress. Despite growth losses, the maintenance of rather high photochemical efficiency in current-year needles under severe water stress would appear to indicate a potential for seedling recovery if water availability in the peat improved. Given the high tolerance exhibited by Scots pine seedlings, death by drought seems a lesser concern.
On the physiology and ecology of Cenococcum graniforme especially as a mycorrhizal fungus of birch
Climate change may impose stimulations or constraints on the mycorrhizal symbiosis by increasing and fluctuating temperatures. We conducted a study to compare the soil temperature response curves (6, 12, 18, and 24 °C) of three isolates of Funneliformis mosseae from different regions and climates (Finland, Denmark, Spain), to test if the isolates from cold environments were able to grow better at lower temperatures and the isolates from warmer environments grew better at higher temperatures. The results provided clear evidence suggesting no adaptation to soil temperature in these AMF isolates. All isolates showed reduced development and very little external mycelium growth at 6 and 12 °C, and similar increased development with increasing soil temperature.  These results suggest that AMF have a narrow window to develop in cold regions where temperatures below 15 °C prevail.
Belowground pathways for nitrogen transfer from a tropical legume tree to an associated fodder grass
Ectendomycorrhiza of conifers
The impact of host mycotrophy on arbuscular mycorrhizal fungal (AMF) markers was studied in a temperate agricultural soil cropped with mycorrhizal barley, flax, reed canary-grass, timothy, caraway and quinoa and non-mycorrhizal buckwheat, dyer's woad, nettle and false flax. The percentage of AMF root colonization, the numbers of infective propagules by the Most Probable Number (MPN) method, and the amounts of signature Phospholipid Fatty Acid (PLFA) 16:1ω5 and Neutral Lipid Fatty Acid (NLFA) 16:1ω5 were measured as AMF markers.  Crop had a significant impact on MPN levels of AMF, on NLFA 16:1ω5 levels in bulk and rhizosphere soil and on PLFA 16:1ω5 levels in rhizosphere soil. Reed canary-grass induced the highest levels of AMF markers. Mycorrhizal markers were at low levels in all non-mycorrhizal crops. NLFA 16:1ω5 and the ratio of NLFA to PLFA 16:1ω5 from bulk soil are adequate methods as indicators of AMF biomass in soil.
Effect of arbuscular mycorrhizas on crown rot (Phytophthora cactorum) in micropropagated strawberry plants
The effects of forestry practices on ectomycorrhizal fungal communities and seedling establishment : integrated studies on biodiversity, podzol profile, clear-cut logging impacts and seedling inoculation
Differential responses of ectomycorrhizal fungi to heavy metals in vitro
Rooted cuttings of geranium were grown with and without a slow release fertilizer and inoculated or not with a commercial inoculum containing AM fungi. After six weeks plants were transplanted into larger containers and one-half of the plants were inoculated with AM. Inoculation increased pelargonium growth along with nitrogen, phosphorous and potassium concentrations in shoot than caused a slight decrease in shoot growth and enhanced N concentration.    Colony forming units of total fungi and bacteria in the rhizosphere were not influenced by AM;  although RFLP profiles of DNA isolated from bacteria living in rhizosphere showed a more diverse community in AM-inoculated than non-inoculated plants at low nutrient supply. Our results suggest that mycorrhizal inoculation not only has an effect on plant growth and uptake of elements but it also influences directly or indirectly the bacterial community of the rhizosphere.
Effect of mycorrhiza and phosphorus content in nutrient solution on the yield and nutritional status of tomato plants grown  on rockwool or coconut coir
High and dry: Consequences of drought exposure in Scots pine seedlings grown in authentic peat soil
Arbuscular mycorrhizal fungi from two chromium contaminated sites, one with 275 mg kg⁻¹ of Cr (zone A) and the other with 550 mg kg⁻¹ Cr (zone B), were multiplied and tentatively identified. The effect of both fungal consortia on Plantago lanceolata plant growth in a substrate amended with 200 mg kg⁻¹ of Cr and with 400 mg kg⁻¹ Cr was assessed and compared with the growth of plants inoculated with Glomus intraradices BEG72. Only the plants inoculated with G. intraradices BEG72 and with the fungal consortia obtained from the area with a high Cr contamination (zone B) grew in the soil with 400 mg kg⁻¹ of Cr. The consortia of fungi from zone B, decreased the plant's uptake/translocation of the heavy metal compared with G. intraradices BEG72. These results underscore the differential effect of AM fungi in conferring bioprotection in Cr contaminated soils.
Ectomycorrniza in coniferous forest : structure and dynamics of populations and communities
Effect of local air pollution on the sporophore production of mycorrhizal fungi, mycorrhizae and microbial activity in Scots pine forests
Tomentelloid fungi (Basidiomycetes, Thelephoraceae s. str.) - are they true mycorrhizal fungi?
Effects of liming on pine ectomycorrhiza
Nutrient cycling in boreal forests - a mycological perspective : studies on phosphorus translocation within and between mycelia of saprotrophic - and mycorrhizal fungi
Mycorrhizal fungi and the structure of mycorrhizas
Developmentally regulated proteins in Pinus sylvestris roots and ectomycorrhiza
Isozyme analyses of mycorrhizal fungi and their mycorrhiza in identification, population biology and competition studies
Arbuscular mycorrhizas : physiology and function
Pathogenesis and host specificity in plant diseases : histopathological, biochemical, genetic and molecular bases. Vol. 2, Eukaryotes
Natural antagonists to Heterobasidion annosum
Interrelations of Pinus sylvestris seedlings with Heterobasidion annosum and "Mycorrhiza Frank" at the cell level
Some mechanisms of resistance of mycorrhizae to pathogenic infections
Colonization processes of soil fauna and mycorrhizal fungi
Biocomplexity of plant-fungal interactions
Oidiodendron maius and Scytalidium vaccinii from the mycorrhizas of Ericaceae in northern Finland
Ectomycorrhizal fungi associated with Arctostaphylos uva-ursi in Scotland : exploring the biogeography of undiscovered fungal communities
Effects of nitrogen amendments on the growth and dispersal of some different ectomycorrhizal fungi grown in symbiosis with a host plant
Mycorrhizal colonization of highbush blueberry and its native relatives in central Finland
Advances in fungal biotechnology for industry, agriculture, and medicine
Resource allocation in ectomycorrhizal symbiosis in scots pine affected by environmental changes
Root colonization with arbuscular mycorrhizal fungi and glomalin-related soil protein (GRSP) concentration in hypoxic soils in natural CO2 springs
Mineral contents of fruit bodies of three mushroom species in Salla, eastern Lapland
Mycorrhizal ecology
Arbuscular mycorrhiza, resource availability and belowground interactions between plants and soil microbes
Characterization of ectomycorrhizal fungi and ectomycorrhizas of Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris L.) by isoenzyme analysis
Current advances in mycorrhizae research
The Mycota : a comprehensive treatise on fungi as experimental systems for basic and applied research. 9, Fungal associations
Occurence of arbuscular mycorrhizal fungi in different cropping systems at Cochabamba, Bolivia
Temperature stress in arbuscular mycorrhizal fungi : a test for adaptation to soil temperature in three isolates of Funneliformis mosseae from different climates
Ecological and ultrastructural responses of Scots pine mycorrhizas to industrial pollution
Nitrogen assimilation in ectomycorrhizal fungi and mycorrhizal and non-mycorrhizal Scots pine seedlings
Aseptic culture of slowly growing mycorrhical Russula and Cortinarius species
Mycorrhization of micropropagated mature wild cherry (Prunus avium L.) and common ash (Fraxinus excelsior L.)
Contribution of arbuscular mycorrhizas to biological protection of micropropagated pineapple (Ananas comosus) (L.) Merr) against Phytophthora cinnamomi Rands
Advances in mycorrhizal science and technology
Role of VA mycorrhiza on the growth of cowpea plant and their associative effect with N2-fixing and P-solubilizing bacteria as biofertilizers in calcareous soil
Neutral lipid fatty acid analysis is a sensitive marker for quantitative estimation of arbuscular mycorrhizal fungi in agricultural soil with crops of different mycotrophy
Interactions in the root environment : an integrated approach : proceedings of the Millenium Conference on Rhizosphere Interactions, IACR-Rothamsted, United Kingdom, 10-12 April, 2000
Effects of two AM fungi on phytoplasma infection in the model plant Chrysanthemum carinatum
A simple and inexpensive method for producing and maintaining closed pot cultures of arbuscular mycorrhizal fungi
Mycorrhizas
Recent years have seen extensive research in the molecular underpinnings of symbiotic plant-fungal interactions. Molecular Mycorrhizal Symbiosis is a timely collection of work that will bridge the gap between molecular biology, fungal genomics, and ecology. A more profound understanding of mycorrhizal symbiosis will have broad-ranging impacts on the fields of plant biology, mycology, crop science, and ecology. Molecular Mycorrhizal Symbiosis will open with introductory chapters on the biology, structure and phylogeny of the major types of mycorrhizal symbioses. Chapters then review different molecular mechanisms driving the development and functioning of mycorrhizal systems and molecular analysis of mycorrhizal populations and communities. The book closes with chapters that provide an overall synthesis of field and provide perspectives for future research. Authoritative and timely, Molecular Mycorrhizal Symbiosis, will be an essential reference from those working in plant and fungal biology.
Mycoremediation : fungal bioremediation
Effects of pre- and post-transplant inoculation with commercial arbuscular mycorrhizal (AM) fungi on pelargonium (Pelargonium hortorum) and its microorganism community
Microbial activity in the rhizosphere
Effect of arbuscular mycorrhiza on the growth and development of micropropagated Annona cherimola plants
Molecular biology of fungal development
Root system traits of Norway spruce, Scots pine, and silver birch in mixed boreal forests : an analysis of root architecture, morphology, and anatomy
In vitro mycorrhization of micropropagated Helianthemum almeriense plantlets with Terfezia claveryi (desert truffle)
Interactions between transgenic trees and mycorrhizal and pathogenic fungi
Cantharellus cibarius : mycorrhiza formation and ecology
Identification of ectomycorrhizas
Mycorrhizal responses to defoliation of woody hosts
Diversity of arbuscular mycorrhizal fungi in the roots of perennial plants and their effect on plant performance
Arbuscular mycorrhizae and growth enhancement of micropropagated Prunus rootstock in different soilless potting mixes
Ectomycorrhizal fungi and exogenous growth regulators in vegetative propagation of Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris L.)
Multitrophic interactions in terrestrial systems : the 36th symposium of the British Ecological Society Royal Holloway College University of London 1995
Effects of AMF- and PGPR-root inoculation and a foliar chitosan spray in single and combined treatments on powdery mildew disease in strawberry
The role of ectomycorrhiza in forest nurseries
Changed ratios of soil gases that lead to hypoxia are most often present in waterlogged soils, but can also appear in soils not saturated with water. In natural CO₂ springs (mofettes), gases in soil air differ from those in typical soils. In this study, plant roots from the mofette area Stavešinci (Slovenia) were sampled in a spatial scale and investigated for AM fungal colonization. AM fungi were found in roots from areas with high geological CO₂ concentration, however mycorrhizal intensity was relatively low and no correlation between AM fungal colonization and soil pattern of CO₂/O₂ concentrations (up to 37% CO₂) was found. The relatively high abundance of arbuscules in root cortex indicated existence of functional symbiosis at much higher CO₂ concentrations than normally found in soils. In addition, concentration of two different glomalin-related soil protein fractions - EE-GRSP and TG-GRSP - was measured. No significant correlation between any of the fractions and soil gases was found, however the concentration of both fractions was significantly higher in the upper 0-5 cm, compared to the 5-10 cm layer of the soil.
Mycorrhizas : anatomy and cell biology
The ecology of mycorrhizae
Characterization of small GTPase Cdc42 from the ectomycorrhizal fungus Suillus bovinus and Agrobacterium tumefaciens-mediated transformation of fungi
Mycorrhizal fungi and nitrogen dynamics in drained peatland
The application of arbuscular mycorrhizal fungi to micropropagation systems : an opportunity to reduce chemical inputs
Dynamics and functions of the microbial communities within pine mycorrhizospheres
Handbook of applied mycology. Vol. 2, Humans, animals, and insects
Responses of soil microbial communities to clonal variation of Norway spruce
Eco-physiology of the ectomycorrhizal mushroom Cantharellus cibarius : carbon and nitrogen metabolism, and the interactions with bacteria and mycophagous invertebrates
Effects of P level in nutrient solution and the colonization of roots by arbuscular mycorrhizal fungi (AMF) on P uptake by tomato plants, their nutritional status, yield and quality of fruits were studied. Plants were grown on rockwool or coconut coir. Inoculation by a mixture of several AMF species was performed three times during the growing period. The mycorrhizal frequency in roots inoculated with AMF amounted to 35.79 - 50.82%. The highest level of mycorrhiza was found in plants receiving nutrient solution with a lower concentration of P. Among the experimental factors, only P level influenced the fruit yield, being higher from plants receiving a nutrient solution with a higher P level. A higher concentration of P in nutrient solution imposed better nutritional status of plants. Higher contents of ascorbic acid and total soluble sugars were found in fruits collected from inoculated plants, grown on rockwool.
Plantago lanceolata growth and Cr uptake after mycorrhizal inoculation in a Cr amended substrate
Beneficial fungi and their utilization
Biotechnology of fungi for improving plant growth
Effect of inoculation with arbuscular mycorrhizas on rooting, weaning and subsequent growth of micropropagated Malus (L.) Moench
Scots pine and its ectomycorrhizal symbionts under chronic low-level urban pollution : responses and restoration
Phytoplasmas are plant pathogenic bacteria, naturally transmitted by insects and confined in the phloem of the host plant, where they take up nutrients and eventually cause plant death. Their control is mainly based on insecticide treatments. The aim of this work was to study the effect of two AM fungi in modifying plant response to chrysanthemum yellows phytoplasma (CY) infection in chrysanthemum plants. Inoculation of Glomus intraradices BB-E and G. mosseae BEG12 reduced the damage caused by this plant pathogen in the aerial part of the plant, increased plant tolerance to the infection and reduced the severity of symptom expression, probably in a systemic way. Inoculation with G. mosseae did not alter CY multiplication and viability in young leaves, whilst the morphology of CY mature leaves was typical of senescent cells. Possible mechanisms involved are discussed.
Mycorrhizae : sustainable agriculture and forestry
