http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p19636 solar energy
solar energy
Solar power your home for dummies
Solar energy in water pumping and its economics
Natural and Artificial Photosynthesis : Solar Power as an Energy Source
Diffusion of Solar Products on the African Market-Ghana case
Large-scale solar power systems: construction and economics
Biohousing-projekti = Biohousing-project : Tee-se-itse-aurinkolämpökeräimen rakentaminen = Do-It-Yourself Flat-Plate Sun Collector
Possibilities for solar power in a community : Usage of solar panels in Ruusutarha allotment gardening
The passive solar house
Self-Sustainable Service Facility
Solar energy : an introduction
Green design : from theory to practice
Potential of solar energy in Finland : research for Solar Leap
Solar power plant design
Energy release by solar flares : observations at radio and X-ray wavelengths
Regional Workshop on Solar Power Generation Using Photovoltaic Technology, Manila, Philippines, February 20-23, 1996 : proceedings
On the global radiation incident variously orientated surfaces on the south coast of Finland
Alternative energy. Volume 2
The complete idiot's guide to solar power for your home
Techno-economic pre-feasibility study of wind and solar electricity generating systems for households in Central Finland
Solar energy : research, technology and applications
Solar energy : photovoltaics - promissing trend for today and close future
Solar cells and their applications
Solar energy engineering : processes and systems
An economic assessment of micro-scale use of renewable energy sources : two case studies
Abstract.
Photovoltaic design & installation for dummies
Abstract: Document describes design and feasibility study of a PV power plant possibly located in Finland (Nordic area). This thesis concentrates to solar electricity production.  Primary goal was to plan profitable low carbon-emission power plant and measure different technical solutions profits and losses to be able to implement most beneficial systems to Nordic markets. Finland's yearly profile for solar irritation is changing from 24h (summer) irritation to 0h (winter) irritation and this alone demands system that somehow can follow sun path to be able to generate more energy. At the end of document is brief business case and differences between private household installed systems vs. this solar power presented.  Total production of planned power plant would be 11,25GWh/yearly. Designed power plant consists from 24 000 pieces / 340Watt panels. Solar panels are installed in 50 horizontal trackers each containing 480 panels. Total land area for power plant is about 20 ha. Electricity produced will be feed directly to national grid.  Power plant's operational time without significant changes is 30 years; example solar panels produce over 80% from their capacity after 25 years of use. Price of PV power plant is 9 000 000 € and payback time is 10 years.
Solar installations : practical applications for the built environment
Solar engineering of thermal processes
Rooftop revolution : how solar power can save our economy and our planetfrom dirty energy
Beyond the petroleum age : designing a solar economy
Environmentally conscious alternative energy production
PV System Design and Feasibility Study for Juhannuslehto Business Park
Sun, wind, and light : architectural design strategies
Executive summary (s. 11-14).
Solar and Heat Pump Systems for Residential Buildings
Power from the sun : achieving energy independence : a practical guide to solar electricity
Solar thermal systems : successful planning and construction
Market enty mode for solar and wind energy based on market analysis for prospective Finnish companies : target srea: Rawalpindi and Islamabad, Pakistan
Solar cells : operating principles, technology, and system applications
Solar energy technology handbook. B, Applications, systems design and economics
Feasibility study on renewable energy systems and selected insulation applications : smart solutions for energy saving
Dark energy, extended gravity, and solar system constraints
The switch
Solar energy : a reference handbook
Correlation between Sun Light Intensity and Wind Speeds of a Coastal Location.
Alternative energy : an introduction to alternative & renewable energy sources
Solar combisystems in Austria, Denmark, Finland, France, Germany, Sweden, Switzerland, the Netherlands and the USA : overview 2000
Projected costs of generating electricity : 2005 update
Solar energy houses : strategies, technologies, examples
Energy : the basics
The new solar electric home : the complete guide to photovoltaics for your home
Dynamic characteristics of grid-connected three-phase Z-Source inverter in photovoltaic applications
Solar trees
Solar applications in agriculture
Photovoltaics : Fundamentals, Technology and Practice
Energy efficient lighting systems in buildings with integrated photovoltaics
Solar Nanoantenna Electromagnetic Collectors for Energy Production
Supply chain development of photovoltaic energy systems : a critical analysis of the consumer's role : case study Ghana
Market Analysis of Solar Water Heating in Hospitality Industry, Thailand
Wind-Solar Hybrid Streetlights
Opportunities for large-scale purchase of active solar systems : a joint report of the IEA Solar Heating and Cooling Programme (Task 24: Solar Procurement) and the IEA CADDET Renewable Energy Technologies Programme
Using accumulators in northern solar power plants
Fundraising and investor relations in social enterprise : Marketing your way out of the pioneer gap in African off-grid renewable energy
Sun in action : the solar thermal market a strategic plan for action in Europe : final report
Domestic solar energy : a guide for the home owner
Renewable Energy Market in Namibia
Prospects for sustainable energy : a critical assessment
Characterization and Aging Studies of Selective Solar C/Al2O3/Al absorber surfaces
Effects of non-tracking solar collector orientation on energy production : photovoltaic systems
Application of solar refrigeration technology
Product configuration of photovoltaic systems in developing countries : case Ghana
The timeless energy of the sun
Solar energy and housing design. Vol. 2, Examples
Design of a Solar Thermal Powered Cooling System
Solar Energy : A Sustainable Solution to Rural Electricity Problems in Nigeria
Solar Energy Automobile
Sol power : the evolution of solar architecture : a publication for the READ Group (Renewable Energies in Architecure and Design)
Solar energy and housing design. Vol. 1, Principles, objectives, guidelines
Biofuels, solar and wind as renewable energy systems : benefits and risks
A REVIEW ON SOLAR ENERGY UTILIZATION IN GHANA
Electricity from sunlight : an introduction to photovoltaics
Solar energy : principles of thermal collection and storage
Solar photovoltaic power generation using PV technology. Vol. 3, Institutional aspects
Energizing architecture : design and photovoltaics
Investing in renewable energy : making money on green chip stocks
Solar power for your home
The energy challenge : finding solutions to the problems of global warming and future energy supply
Solar energy application in buildings
Building and study of a small scale micro-grid : The use of PV panels as an alternate energy source
Solar dryers : their role in post-harvest processing
MPP-tracking DC-DC converters in photovoltaic applications : implementation, modeling and analysis
The potential socio-economic and environmental impacts of solar PV mini-grid deployment on local communities: a case study of rural island communities on the Volta Lake, Ghana
Solar energy for domestic heating and cooling : a bibliography with abstracts, and a survey of literature and information sources
Solar Photovoltaic
Solar energy projects
Optical design of stationary solar concentrators for high latitudes
From molecules to materials : pathways to artificial photosynthesis
Planning and installing solar thermal systems : a guide for installers, architects, and engineers
Optical properties of solids for solar energy conversion
Solar energy in architecture and urban planning = Solarenergie in Architektur und Stadtplanung = Energia solare in architettura e pianificazione urbana
Ten technologies to fix energy and climate
Thermal performance and microclimate test methods for flat-plate solar thermal collectors
The end of oil : on the edge of a perilous new world
Solar photovoltaic power generation using PV technology. Vol. 1, The technology
Training manual on photovoltaic systems for rural electrification
Market entry plan for finnish solar energy technology : case: Suncol Oy & Germany
Regional workshop on solar power generation using photovoltaic technology : proceedings : Manila, Philippines, February 20-23, 1996.
Renewable electricity in Europe : current state, drivers, and scenarios for 2020
Solar house : a guide for the solar designer
Modeling and analysis of the operation of PV power generators under varying atmospheric conditions
The Status and Trends Of New Power Generation technology
Planning and installing photovoltaic systems : a guide for installers, architects and engineers
The purpose of this thesis work was to research the bottlenecks in solar energy, to calculate energy payback time and to increase solar energy in Finland. This thesis was made as part of the Solarleap project, where Turku University of Applied Sciences and Satakunta University of Applied Sciences are partners together. This thesis is the first step on this project, and there will be more researches when the project goes forward. The theory part consists of solar energy and its effectiveness in Finland. The most common photovoltaic and thermal photovoltaic technologies are also presented. In the theory part, renewable energy sources and possibilities in Finland and also photovoltaics supply chain is discussed. The research part includes a discussion on the bottlenecks in solar energy, the investment costs of photovoltaic systems and the payback time of energy. Solar energy has lots of potential in Finland, but solar energy?s market share is small and the knowhow could be better. Also the energy payback time is bigger than in Europe.
Strategic market approach for entering the Indian solar water pump market : plan the marketing strategy for solar off-grid applications
Energy : present knowledge, future trends
An introduction to solar energy for scientists and engineers
Solar energy fundamentals : by Robert K. McMordie ; edited by Mitchel C. Brown, Robert S. Stoughton
Life Cycle Assessment and Comparison of Power, Light, and Content Options for the SunEdu Project
Building-integrated photovoltaics : photovoltaics, building envelope, thin film solar cell, polymer, pitched roof, solarmer energy, Inc
Comparative analysis of solar PV business models
Got sun? Go solar : harness nature's free energy to heat and power your grid-tied home
Comparing the survival of Nigerian solar energy and Finnish manufacturing companies in turbulent business environments
North sun '97 : June 9-11, 1997, Espoo-Otaniemi, Finland : proceedings. Volume 2
Ambiguous artefacts : solar collectors in Swedish contexts : on processes of cultural modification
Solar building
Nonimaging fresnel lenses : design and performance of solar concentrators
Essentials of Energy Technology : Sources, Transport, Storage and Conservation
Supplying small solar photovoltaic systems to Hanoi, Vietnam
"Learn how the sun's rays can be captured and used as a source of energy with a variety of fun projects."--
The adoption of photovoltaic micro production systems in Finland
Tapping the sun : a guide to solar water heating
DIY Solar projects : how to put the sun work in your home
Photovoltaic solar energy generation
Solar Energy Harvesting in WSN with Development Tool
Solar heating - domestic water heating systems = Chauffage solaire - systémes de chauffage de l'eau sanitaire. part 5, system performance characterization by means of whole-system tests and computer simulation. partie 5, caractérisation de la performance des systémes au moyen d'essais effectués sur l'ensemble du systéme et par simulation sur ordinateur
Large-scale solar thermal power : technologies, costs and development
Renewable energy of the sun
Solar energy perspectives
Solar photovoltaic power generation using PV technology. Vol. 2, The economics of PV systems
Handbook of renewable energies in the European Union II : case studies of all accession states
Business Opportunities of Solar Photovoltaic Home Systems in Vietnam : case study: FOSERA Co. Ltd.
The future for renewable energy : prospects and directions
Renewable energy and climate change
Solar heating - domestic water heating systems = Chauffage solaire - systèmes de chauffage de l'eau sanitaire. part 4, system performance characterization by means of component tests and computer simulation. partie 4, caractérisation de la performance des systèmes au moyen d'essais effectués sur les composants et par simulation sur ordinateur
Selection of renewable energy resources for sustainable development with AHP tool for off-grid project:case of Ghana
From space to earth : the story of solar electricity
Sun above the horizon : meteoric rise of the solar industry
Rays of hope : the transition to a post-petroleum world
Solar mobile power supply
Challenges facing solar energy projects in Nigeria; A case study of Lagos state.
Renewable and alternative energy resources : a reference handbook
Energy efficient buildings with solar and geothermal resources
Design of a solar thermal powered cooling system
Endoreversible thermodynamics of solar energy conversion
Solar energy : fundamentals, design, nodelling and applications
Wind-solar Hybrid Power System
Entry plan for a solar product manufacturing company : case  : Suntrica Limited and Ghana
Solar charge controller in solar street light
Evaluation of Franchising Business Model to Solar Energy Market in Vietnam
Solar power in building design : the engineer's complete design reource
Direct use of sun's energy : Solar Energy Laboratory, Engineering Experiment Station, University of Wisconsin
Solar engineering 2002 : proceedings of the International Solar Energy Conference : presented at the 2002 International Solar Energy Conference, a part of SOLAR 2002, sunrise on the reliable energy economny : June 15-20, 2002, Reno, Nevada
Photovoltaics : fundamentals, technology, and practice
North Sun '97 : 7th International Conference on Solar Energy at High Latitudes, June 9-11, 1997, Espoo-Otaniemi, Finland : proceedings (in two volumes)
Degradation of photovoltaics in Central Finland : a comparative study of polycrystalline and heterojunction with intrinsic thin layer technologies
Solar assisted grain drying in Nicaragua : a minor field study
Charge transport and recombination in bulk-heterojunction solar cells
"Around the world, countries and companies are investing in solar generation capacity on an unprecedented scale, and, as a consequence, costs continue to fall and technologies improve. This publication gives an authoritative view of these technologies and market trends, in both advanced and developing economies, while providing examples of the best and most advanced practices.  It also provides a unique guide for policy makers, industry representatives and concerned stakeholders on how best to use, combine and successfully promote the major categories of solar energy: solar heating and cooling, photovoltaic and solar thermal electricity, as well as solar fuels." --
The high energy solar corona : waves, eruptions, particles
