http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p19790 ADAMS
ADAMS
Don't panic : Douglas Adams & the hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy
Unleashed : The Story of Tool
Jewish life in Nazi-occupied Warsaw
A biography of Henry Adams. Better in darkness : his second life 1862-1891
The dissemination of The wealth of nations in French and in France, 1776-1843
Collective memory embodied in poetry as poison : the mnemonic role of Romantic poets discussed on the basis of Adam Mickiewicz’ Konrad Wallenrod and Forefathers (part III)
John Adams : a biography in his own words
Abstract.
The story of my life
This man Adams : the man who never died
The circle of Henry Adams : art & artists
Henry Adams : the major phase
Ansel Adams : Images of the American West
The French education of Henry Adams
Henry Adams : an introduction and interpretation
Ansel Adams : the spirit of wild places
Henry Adams: scientific historian
Recent years have witnessed a renewed debate over the costs at which the benefits of free markets have been bought. This book revisits the moral and political philosophy of Adam Smith, capitalism's founding father, to recover his understanding of the morals of the market age. In so doing it illuminates a crucial albeit overlooked side of Smith's project: his diagnosis of the ethical ills of commercial societies and the remedy he advanced to cure them. Focusing on Smith's analysis of the psychological and social ills endemic to commercial society - anxiety and restlessness, inauthenticity and mediocrity, alienation and individualism - it argues that Smith sought to combat corruption by cultivating the virtues of prudence, magnanimity and beneficence. The result constitutes a new morality for modernity, at once a synthesis of commercial, classical and Christian virtues and a normative response to one of the most pressing political problems of Smith's day and ours.
John Quincy Adams and the foundations of American foreign policy
A formula of his own : Henry Adams's literary experiment
The Adams papers. [Series 1], [Diaries] : Diary of John Quincy Adams, vol. 1-2 (1779-1788)
The presidency of John Adams : the collapse of federalism 1795-1800
The earliest diary of John Adams : June 1753-April 1754, September 1758-January 1759
The general
Brigands M.C
Manifolds with Singularities and the Adams-Novikov Spectral Sequence
The literary vocation of Henry Adams
John Adams and the American Revolution
John Adams and the American revolution
The day gone by : an autobiography
Dearest friend : a life of Abigail Adams
Ansel Adams : [images of the American West]
John Adams : a life
The education of Henry Adams : an autobiography
"So we extend the hand of friendship to our enemies as a sign of our strength and our willingness to be inclusive" : history and group creation in Gerry Adams' Ard Fheis speeches 1996 and 2006
The Fall
Critical essays on Henry Adams
Sam Adams : pioneer in propaganda
Finnish summary.
Henry Adams : the middle years
The scientific thought of Henry Adams
If I stay
The Adams papers. [Series 1], [Diaries] : Diary of Charles Francis Adams, vol. 7-8 (1836-1840)
Runaway star : an appreciation of Henry Adams
Diary of Charles Francis Adams. Vol. 3, September 1829 - February 1831
Henry Adams
The Adams chronicles : four generations of greatness
Adam Smith in context : a critical reassessment of some central components of his thought
The mind and art of Henry Adams
The porfolios of Ansel Adams
Henry Adams and Brooks Adams : the education of two American historians
Henry Adams and the American experiment
America's first dynasty : the Adamses, 1735-1918
Adams family correspondence, Volume 10, January 1794 - June 1795
Adam Mickiewicz : the life of a romantic
Adam and Eve in the Armenian tradition : fifth through seventeenth centuries
[Henry Adams]
Regulation and function of mineralized tissue extra-cellular matrix proteins : studies of ADAMTS-1 and osteoadherin
Traditionally the Adams–Novikov spectral sequence has been a tool which has enabled the computation of generators and relations to describe homotopy groups. Here a natural geometric description of the sequence is given in terms of cobordism theory and manifolds with singularities. The author brings together many interesting results not widely known outside the USSR, including some recent work by Vershinin. This book will be of great interest to researchers into algebraic topology.
Diary of John Quincy Adams. Vol. 2, March 1786 - December 1788 ; Index
Henry Adams and Henry James : the emergence of a modern consciousness
John Quincy Adams, his theory and ideas
John Adams : a bibliography
The art of deception
John Adams and the diplomacy of the American revolution
Ansel Adams. Vol. 1, The eloquent light
A biography of Henry Adams. Both sides of the ocean : his first life 1838-1862
The meaning of independence : John Adams, George Washington, and Thomas Jefferson
Brooks Adams : constructive conservative
Passionate sage : the character and legacy of John Adams
Adam Smith and the Character of Virtue
The portfolios of Ansel Adams
John Adams & the prophets of progress
Plant names in English and Finnish, a study with a special reference to Richard Adam's novels Watership down and The plague dogs and their Finnish translations
The trial of Dr. Adams
John Quincy Adams and the foundations of American Foreign Policy
The education of Henry Adams
Man and the milieu : ecocritical analysis of Ernest Hemingway's "Big Two-Hearted River" and "Indian Camp"
The letters of Mrs. Henry Adams, 1865-1883
The historians considered in this volume lived between the fifth century BC and the third century AD. They came from areas as far apart as Syria and Sicily and they had in common the Greek language and the Greek tradition of historical writing. They include authors who, though not strictly historians, shed important light on the tradition. Some contributors consider the value of their subjects as historical sources, others deal with problems of historical method or with ideas which arise from their works.
The ironies of progress : Henry Adams and the American dream
The character of John Adams
The Adams family
America and Europe in the political thought of John Adams
Adams and Jefferson : a revolutionary dialogue
The force so much closer home : Henry Adams and the Adams family
Papers of John Adams. Volume 14, October 1782 - May 1783
Ansel Adams : a biography
The young Henry Adams
Correspondence of John Adams and Thomas Jefferson [1812....1826]
Diary of Charles Francis Adams. Vol. 4, March 1831 - December 1832 ; Index
Brooks Adams : a biography
Studies in the language of John Quincy Adams
Physics and metaphysics in the Hitchhiker Series (1979-1992) by Douglas Adams
Studies in the Greek Historians
Alice Adams
The Adams women : Abigail and Louisa Adams, their sisters and daughters
The education of Mrs. Henry Adams
Prophets of decline : the global histories of Brooks Adams, Oswald Spengler and Arnold Toynbee in the United States 1896-1961
The Adams papers. [Series 3], [General correspondence and other papers of the Adams statesmen] : Papers of John Adams, vol. 5-6 (1776-1778)
The rocky road to romance
Life and public services of John Quincy Adams, sixth president of the United States : with the eulogy delivered before the Legislature of New York
Power and order : Henry Adams and the naturalist tradition in American fiction
Mr. & Mrs. John Quincy Adams : an adventure in patriotism
Descent from glory : four generations of the John Adams family
