http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1973 heat value
heat value
Heating values of whole-tree biomass in young forests in Finland
Heating values of the above ground biomass of small-sized trees
Characteristics and storage of whole-tree biomass for energy
Abstract.
Kriging in interpolating July mean temperatures and precipitation sums
Application of logistics in a bioenergy plant
Nutritional evaluation of food processing
Nutritional effects of heat treatment of feeds : effects on digestion of protein, amino acids and starch in mink, rainbow trout and dairy cows = Ernæringsmessige konsekvenser av varmbehandling av fôr : effekter på fordøyelse av protein, aminosyrer og stivelse hos mink, regnbueørret og melkekyr
Woodbased fuels in small-scale regional heating plants
Summary.
Interlaboratory Proficiency Test 6/2014 : gross and net calorific values in fuels
Comment on bone combustion experiments : roll the bones?
Heating values of mature trees
Fault tolerant model predictive control (FTMPC) of the BioGrate boiler
The measurement of roundwood : methodologies and conversion ratios
Towards sustainable intensification of feedstock production with nutrient cycling
The aim of this study was to evaluate cost competitiveness, at regional level, of various systems for stump transportation and grinding, and to compare the results to the procurement costs of delimbed stems from early thinnings at the stand and regional level. The accumulation and procurement costs of stumps and delimbed stems were estimated within a 100-kilometer radius from two power plants located in Kouvola and in Kajaani. The analyses were performed as simulated treatments in clear cuts and thinnings of young stands, using existing productivity and cost functions, alternative ash percentages for stump wood, and yield calculations based on the forest industry regeneration felling stand data and the sample plots data of the National Forest Inventory of Finland. The results were expressed as Euros per solid cubic meter (€ m-3) and Euros per megawatt hour (€ MWh-1). The results highlight the need to improve stump fuel quality and increase the heating value. The procurement cost of stumps was about 1 € MWh-1 lower in Kouvola compared to Kajaani, when using conceivable ash content of 6% for stumps ground at the plant, and ash content of 1.5% for stumps pre-ground at the roadside landing. The procurement costs of stumps were, on average, 0.55 € MWh-1 lower compared to delimbed stems in Kouvola, and on average 0.6 € MWh-1 higher in Kajaani. Pre-grinding and integrated screening is a feasible way to guarantee the fuel quality expressed as ash content already at roadside landings, but the procurement costs are higher compared to grinding stumps at the plant, when the ash content of ground stumps is 6% or less..
Proficiency test SYKE 6/2013 : gross and net calorific fuels
The cost competitiveness of conifer stumps in the procurement of forest chips for fuel in Southern and Northern Finland
Abstract: Development of the use of the remote sensing data of a watermodelsystem and it's processmodels.
Atmospheric impacts on growth, secondary chemistry and herbivore resistance of birch and willow
