http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p19755 fields of training
fields of training
The rise of data in education systems : collection, visualization and uses
Forestry education : new trends and prospects : seventeenth session of the FAO Advisory Cimmittee on forestry education combined with regional expert consultation of the Asian network on forestry education Bangkok, Thailand 13-15 December 1993.
Professionalisation of nursing in England and Spain : a comparative study
Mise en place for teaching : a handbook for hospitality and tourism educators and trainers
Training professionals for the global marketplace : cross-evaluation report of the degree programme in international business
Limits of meritocracy : how fields of study and gender segregation affect social stratification in Finland
International interaction forms in global collaboration networks between the information technology industry and engineering education
MAMK Savonlinna : kuvia vuosien varrelta = Mikkeli University of Applied Sciences Savonlinna : photos over the years = Universitet prikladnyh nauk Mikkeli v Savonlinna : fotografii prošlyh let
The competent teacher 2010-2020 : the competences of teaching staff in upper secondary vocational education and training : final report
Studies on earnings dynamics and uncertainty in return to education
eHealth and new learning environments in social and health care education
Developing best practices in event management
Raising educational standards by means of school effectiveness : a quantitative study of ten senior high schools in the Ashanti region of Ghana
SMARTSET : User Requirements Difinition
Hospitality education and research journal
Economic principles for education : theory and evidence
The education of the filmmaker in Europe, Australia, and Asia
Matkalla monikulttuuriseen hoitotyöhön : koulutusohjelman ristiinarviointiraportti = Towards multicultural nursing = cross-evaluation report of a degree programme
Feedback from Metropolia graduates : studying in an English Degree Program as an Immigrant and their Road to Working Life
Transdisciplinarity : recreating integrated knowledge
Developing ideas for the curriculum in facility management : competences and future prospects
Täyttä elämää kaikille : ylempi AMK -symposium III = Full life for all : UAS Master symposium III : proceedings
Magnetic metal : toward a model for satisfaction of education and career in vocational upper secondary education and training of machinery and metal technology in the Lahti region
Employment
CLIL in the context of education export : Finnish teachers' experiences in Abu Dhabi
The Effect of Internal Training from the Employee's Point of View
Abstract: The purpose of this study was to conduct an evaluation study based on the feedback from former students with immigrant background of the English Degree Program in Social Services (DPSS) with the help of interviews. The idea of the evaluation was to harness what elements in the curriculum of the degree program had been useful during the studies and for later working life. The evaluation study was divided into three parts including their feedback on the study curriculum, studying in a multicultural environment and experiences on the process towards working life. A qualitative approach was used in carrying out the study. Semi structured interviews were used in collecting data. The study was focused on the individuals experiences and personal opinions in order for it to be able to provide a detailed feedback for the working life partner. Former students of the English degree program with immigrant background were contacted and six interviews were used for this study including two teacher interviews. The findings showed that the curriculum and the multicultural study environment generally played a supportive role for the former students of the DPSS. Work placements were regarded as the most beneficial element of the curriculum regarding employment opportunities in Finland. In conclusion, the results indicate that although there was a certain amount of dissatisfaction regarding the English language skills used in teaching, students were generally satisfied. The students were mainly motivated about getting a bachelor's certificate since they knew that the degree program will provide them one.
The present research deals with the curriculum development process realized in the practical nurse  education in Oulu Diakonia College. The curriculum has been developed since the middle of the 1990s into a  competence-based curriculum. The process has been spurred by the necessity to produce exams and knowledge to  meet the needs of work life. The purpose was to design a program which included compulsory entrepreneurship  education. It was implemented through cooperative learning and planning processes among the teaching staff.  When preparing the new theme, the staff and students were engaged in the process. The teachers defined and  shared common aims, defined their mental models, assessed their personal competences and decided what to learn  more. They used team work to share the ideas and conceptions. They examined their plans to make them conform  to those of the foundation (ODI). They brought their conceptions and experiential knowledge to their joint efforts.  The students evaluated the changes.  In the beginning the staff members had diverse attitudes to the change: some understood its importance at  once, others needed more time for it. The process resulted in transformative learning experiences: both the staff  members and the school organization were changed. The students valued the entrepreneurship education high, and  many of them chose optional entrepreneurship courses in addition to the compulsory ones.
Suomen lääketutkimuksen tohtoriohjelman (FinPharma Doctoral Program, FPDP) 9. vuositapaaminen : The Future of Pharma, 19.-21.8.2015 = FinPharma Doctoral Program (FPDP) 9th Annual Meeting : The Future of Pharma, August 19.-21.2015
Transforming agricultural education for a changing world
Suomen lääketutkimuksen tohtoriohjelman (FinPharma Doctoral Program, FPDP) 8. vuositapaaminen Helsingissä 26.-27.8.2014 = 8th Annual FinPharma Doctoral Program (FPDP) Meeting at the University of Helsinki, August 26-27, 2014.
This book compares primary education in urban and rural China and India. It focuses on how the sociocultural context including educational policy, educators and parents' beliefs, and the conditions under which teaching and learning occur shape classroom pedagogy and determine children's attainment. This in-depth, authentic, comparative analysis of the two largest educational systems in the world is a must-read for scholars interested in the teaching and learning in these two rapidly developing Asian cultures. A common set of questions has been addressed in diverse contexts. The empirical work on which this book is based is most impressive - videotaping of mathematics and language lessons, interviews with parents and educators questionnaires with parents, teachers and children and tests of children's mathematics attainment - and this done in 3 locations in China, 3 in India and 12 schools in total.
Media courses UK 2002
Abstract: Compilation of the Learning Material for Education in Vocational Qualification in Audiovisual Communications in North Karelian College Outokumpu.
Bellevue training school for nurses : 1873-1923 fiftieth anniversary
Nurse education today
The Importance of Staff Training in the Hotel Industy : Case study: Renaissance Shanghai Yuyuan Hotel
International directory of museum training
Hotel, catering and home economics sector : national core curriculum in hotel, restaurant and catering services on the upper secondary level : national core curriculum in home economics and cleaning services on the upper secondary level : the programme in home economics
IATA and GDS training in Finnish vocational degree programmes: the need for bilingual instruction
Teaching in primary schools in China and India : contexts of learning
Developing a pedagogical model for decentralized tourism education
Unaccompanied refugee minors in Finland : challenges and good practices in a Nordic context
Study on Logistics training needs and provision in the Baltic States (Lokobalt) : final report for Tedim May 18, 2005
Abstract: Developing Music Management in European collaboration. Cross-evaluation report of the Degree Programme in Music Management.
What is this thing we call archival science : a report on an international survey
Intercultural and interprofessional environment in the social and health care higher education at Lahti University of Applied Sciences
A constructivist approach to teaching and learning at the degree programme in nursing at Novia university of applied sciences
Studies on higher education choices and spatial labour markets
International bioenergy education in Europe : an overview
Journal of hospitality education
Working life correspondence of the curriculum in the Degree Programme in Facility Management
Future development needs help from the forest sector
An introduction to TEDQUAL : a methodology for quality in tourism education and training
Abstract: Training professionals for the global marketplace. Cross-evaluation report of the degree programme in international business.
Future Orientation and Outlook for Vehicle and Transportation Bachelor Education in Oulu UAS
eCompetence for social work
PBL in context : bridging work and education
Online and face-to-face role-play simulations in promoting social work students  argumentative problem-solving
Promoting Entrepreneurship Studies in Practical Nurse Education through  Joint Curriculum Planning
An exploration into the applicability of school principals' training on the principals' leadership practices in Finland
Developments in the European tourism curriculum
European curriculum reflections on library and information science education
Benchmarking innovative curricula design process over continents
Comparison of Russian and Finnish educational systems at university level.  : Education in the field of HVAC.
Understanding the classical music profession : the past, the present and strategies for the future
Policy, learning and practice : conference handbook
e-Learning and the science of instruction : proven guidelines for consumers and designers of multimedia learning
FINNIPS : joint efforts for internationalisation
Towards global and sustainable higher education : the GLORE project fostering north-south partnerships in Finnish universities of applied sciences
Developing Music Management in European collaboration : cross-evaluation report of the Degree Programme in Music Management
Hospitality management education
Comparison of strategies, methods and content in forestry education : An international comparative study
Interprofessional post graduate education for health professionals in cancer care
Studying in an international degree programme : from expectations to reality
Educating the profession : 40 years of the IFLA Section on Education and Training
Educating the educators in tourim : a manual of tourism and hospitality education
Scaffolding inquiry in science education by means of computer supported collaborative learning : pupils' and teacher students' experiences
$30 writing school
Improving the effectiveness of staff training in a hotel : case study: Hotel X
Smartphones in vocational tourism education : truly useful or just another reason to find new excuses
Evaluation of media and communication studies in higher education in Finland
Designing pedagogical models for tourism education : focus on work-based mobile learning
An introduction to the graphic industry in Finland
Strategic concepts for assessing the potential of hospitality-related higher education in Uganda
