http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p19711 coaching for independent living
coaching for independent living
Carersʼ viewpoint on residential practice: experiences from Kuninkaantie residential unit
Carers' Viewpoint on Residential Practice : Experiences from Kuninkaantie Residential Unit
Abstract: The objective of this thesis was to study the viewpoint of carers towards residential practice in Kuninkaantie Residential Unit. Kuninkaantie Residential Unit is a residential unit for children and youngsters with disabilities in Espoo, Finland, which was opened in autumn   2010.   It offers temporary care for children and residential practice for youngsters. This final thesis was implemented by interviewing the carers of the youngsters in residential practice concerning both their experiences and expectations towards the service. The aim of this thesis was to gather material based on which the residential practice can be improved in Kuninkaantie Residential Unit. This thesis was a qualitative study and six interviews were carried out as thematic interviews at the intervieweesʼ homes. Tentative questions had been divided into themes based on theories. These themes were; Co-operation, quality of life, and independent life.  The results of the thesis show  that mainly positive thoughts rose from the experiences of the carers. Especially the staff members and their knowhow were appreciated. Still, the information flow and general co-operation had been marginal and there were many opinions concerning the need for them. Some thought that the official residential practice had not  yet started and there was a hope for a possibility of common meetings in the future. The carers wanted to approach the function of the residential unit gently as it had started to function just recently. The actual building was criticized by nearly all the interviewees as from their point of view it limits the possibilities to a great extent. Individuality and planning the actions based on individuality were highlighted. This thesis process shows the importance of co-operation and working closely with the carers in order to improve the service for youngsters with disabilities. The co-operation enables the youngster to have a successful residential practice period based on empowerment, which will in the end lead to equal and good quality of life.
Choosing your new home : help for people with learning disability
