http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p19720 Spheniscidae
Spheniscidae
This is a serious book
Penguin Pete and Pat
One cool friend
Penguins of Madagascar : Wii
Penguin pandemonium : the rescue
Penguins in the wild
Turtle's penguin day
Penguins of the world
The last polar bears
Under Antarctic ice : the photographs of Norbert Wu
The penguin who wanted to be different
When Grandad was a penguin
The big penguin party with Peter and Percy
One day on our Blue planet . . . in the Antarctic
The big match
Hide-and-seek penguins
And Tango makes three
Penguins of Madagascar : Nintendo 3DS
Blanche and Rocky
Pingu : Hide and seek and other stories
March of the penguins
Penguins, falcons, finches and orther birds
The penguins of Madagascar : Dr. Blowhole returns - [again!] : Nintendo DS
Seabirds of the world : photographic handbook
The World of Luc Jaquet
Sarah & Duck meet the penguins
Bob and Flo : the missing bucket
Penguin in the post
Surf's up 2 = wave mania
Perky little penguins
"A thief strikes at the grand ball, but can Shifty McGifty and Slippery Sam catch the culprit before he scarpers?"--Publisher.
Shifty McGifty and Slippery Sam : the diamond chase
Pia the penguin fairy
Penguins of Madagascar : Wii U
The puzzled penquin
Go Jojo Go! : a little penguin on a big swim
My favourite animal families
Don't be afraid, little Pip
Penguins and other sea birds
Penguins, penguins, everywhere!
Happy feet two : Xbox 360
Blown away
Our iceberg is melting : changing and succeeding under any conditions
Up and down
A long winter's nap ; Flight of the penguin
Penguins of Madagascar : Wii U.
Happy Feet two : PS3
Ping and Pong are best friends (mostly)
Madagascar 3 : Long live the king!
That's not my penguin... : its tummy is too fuzzy
Bob and Flo : hide and seek
Advances in ecological research. Vol. 4
Where's the penguin?
Happy feet two : Wii
Penguin's way
Penguin pandemonium : little birds, big dreams
Penguin's big adventure
Emperor`s meeting in Antarctic
The penguin lessons
The art of Penguins of Madagascar
The penguin problem
"A new edition of the classic business parable that has sold more than a million copies since 2006. Our Iceberg Is Melting is a simple fable about doing well in an ever-changing world. Based on the award-winning work of Harvard's John Kotter, it is a story that has been used to help thousands of people and organizations. The fable is about a penguin colony in Antarctica. A group of beautiful emperor pen&shy;guins live as they have for many years. Then one curious bird discovers a potentially devastating problem threatening their home--and pretty much no one listens to him. The characters in the story, Fred, Alice, Louis, Buddy, the Professor, and NoNo, are like people we recognize--even ourselves. Their tale is one of resistance to change and heroic action, seemingly intractable obstacles and the most clever tactics for dealing with those obstacles. It's a story that is occurring in different forms all around us today--but the penguins handle the very real challenges a great deal better than most of us. Our Iceberg Is Melting is based on pioneer&shy;ing work that shows how Eight Steps produce needed change in any sort of group. It's a story that can be enjoyed by anyone while at the same time providing invaluable guidance for a world that just keeps moving faster and faster"--
Henry's holiday
Penguins on ice
How high is the sky?
Surf's up : PlayStation 2
The night iceberg
Penguins of Madagascar. Volume 2, issue 1
Hide and seek and other stories.
The astounding Broccoli Boy
Hide and seek
Hello Pingu and other stories
One day on our blue planet : ...in the Antarctic
Lost and found
