http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p19769 experimental films
experimental films
In Automatic writing, created by the South African artist William Kentridge, the artist's beautiful series of animated black and white drawings brings viewers into the artist's unconscious, using surrealist techniques to explore the point where writing and drawing intersect. Film is followed by an in-depth interview with the video          artist.
Encore (Paradise Omeros: redux) created by the English artist Isaac Julien, presents stunning, color-saturated images that refer to the African Diaspora and the quest to find roots in a New World. Film is followed by an in-depth interview with the video artist
In I Jedi, created by the French artist Pierre Huyghe, the film references Andy Warhol's Empire State and pays homage to Steven Spielberg's Close Encounters by incorporating the Devil's Tower monument made famous in the film. Huyghe splits the screen in half, creating a mood of suspense, as the viewer waits for a correction that never takes place. Film is followed by an in-depth interview with the video artist.
The 1990s : the whole world is (still) watching
Kenneth Anger : a demonic visionary
Moving forward, looking back : the European avant-garde and the invention of film culture, 1919-1939
Poor man's expression : technology, experimental film, conceptual art
Routemaster Remix Project Live : De Luxe Double DVD
Examples of Maya Deren's work evoke and exemplify the American avant-garde film movement of the 1940s and 1950s.
An original program for VDB TV: Decades curated by Solveig Nelson. This program focuses on a form of double vision — seeing the 1960s through the lens of the 1990s — in American video art in the 1990s. It argues that the stakes of the 1960s in this later period corresponds to a sense of the unfinished political promise of nonviolent direct action, and in turn, the unfinished art historical promise of early video. The videos in this program by Tom Kalin, Gran Fury, Dara Birnbaum, Leah Gilliam, Tom Rubnitz (in collaboration with David Wojnarowicz), Suzie Silver (in collaboration with Hester Reeve) and Sadie Benning all move beyond mere 'returns to history.' While sometimes wary about the limitations of Sixties era social movements and urban policies, each approach the 1960s as a site of innovation in media and as a site of innovation. ---
Presence and absence : the films of Michael Snow 1956-1991
The dawn of dimi [Elektroninen aineisto] : Future is not what it used to be = [Tulevaisuus ei ole entisensä] : Pan sonic plays Kurenniemi / [editor: Mika Taanila]
The essay film : from Montaigne, after Marker
A history of video art : the development of form and function
Moving Shadows : experimental film practice in a landscape of change
Questions of third cinema / edited by Jim Pines and Paul Willemen ; [texts by Teshome H. Gabriel...[et al.]]
VILKE Collection Zusammenfassung.
A history of Swedish experimental film culture : from early animation to video art / Lars Gustaf Andersson, John Sundholm, Astrid Söderbergh Widding
Moving shadows : experimental film practice in a landscape of change / Sami van Ingen
This timely volume discusses the experimental documentary projects of some of the most significant artists in today's global art world: Hito Steyerl, Joachim Koester, Tacita Dean, Matthew Buckingham, Zoe Leonard, Jean-Luc Moulène, Ilya & Emilia Kabakov, Jon Thomson & Alison Craighead, and Anri Sala. Their films, videos, and photographic series address the history of failed Utopian experiments and counter-hegemonic social practices. This study illustrates the political significance of these artistic practices and offers a crucial contribution to the debate on the conditions of Utopian thinking in late capitalist society, arguing that contemporary artists' interest in the past is the result of a shift within the temporal organization of the Utopian imagination from its futuristic pole toward the pole of remembrance. This book therefore provides one of the first critical examinations of the recent turn towards documentary in the field of contemporary art.
Greatest hits
We saw the light : conversations between the new Ameican cinema and poetry
An adaptation of Diderot's book Rameau's nephew.
Hatsu Yume : (First dream)
View04 : Suomalaisen mediataiteen festivaali = Festival of Finnish Media Art : 16.1.-29.2.2004
The devil's plaything : American surrealism
The world in pices : a study of compilation film
Interweaves excerpts from some of Maya Deren's films with archival footage and commentary by acolytes and contemporaries, such as Stan Brakhage and Jonas Mekas. Includes excerpts from the films: At land, Ritual in transfigured time, and Meshes of the afternoon.
The place of artists' cinema : space, site and screen
Light rhythms : music and abstraction
See This Sound : Versprechungen von Bild und Ton ; ein Projekt für Linz 2009, Kulturhauptstadt Europas ; [anlässlich der Ausstellung "See This Sound. Versprechungen von Bild und Ton" im Lentos Kunstmuseum Linz (28. August 2009 - 10. Jänner 2010)] = Promises of sound and vision
Experimental cinema : a fifty year evolution
In El Gringo, created by the Belgian artist Francis Alys, viewers experience the discomfort of being an outsider when the camera is confronted by a pack of snarling dogs. Film is followed by an in-depth interview with the video artist.
Visionary film : the American avant-garde, 1943-2000
Anthology of 26 films from American film archives from four key decades of American avant-garde filmmaking. Samples an array of film types and styles, from abstract animation to documentary.
"Explores silence in 20th and 21st century art and films, including works by Joseph Beuys, Maya Deren, Christian Marclay, Bruce Nauman, Robert Rauschenberg, and Doris Salcedo"
Der deutsche Experimentalfilm der 60er und 70er Jahre = The German experimental film of  the sixties and the seventies / [written by Ingo Petzke]
John Smith : film and video works, 1972-2002
Material interchange -- Identity transfer -- Rocked hand -- Compression-Fern (hand) -- Pressure piece -- Glassed hand -- Compression-Fern (face) -- Leafed hand -- Extended armour -- Nail sharpening -- Toward becoming a devil -- Rocked stomach -- Disappear -- I'm failing -- Mittens -- 2-stage transfer drawing (advancing to a future state) -- Air pressure (hand) -- Lead sink for Sebastian -- Gingerbread man -- Fusion: tooth and nail -- Forming sounds -- A feedback situation -- Objectified counter forces -- Feedback -- Extended expressions -- Vertical penetration -- Whipping into shape -- Parallel arcs --          Slow punch -- Rocks in navel.
The pillow book
The mechanized eye : experiments in technique and form
A woman who... : essays, interviews scripts
Automatic writing
Directors Thomas Stellmach and Maja Oschmann are working on a six-minute animation of abstract drawings to the overture of the opera THE ALCHYMIST by Louis Spohr. The project was in part stimulated by Kassel's Louis Spohr Museum which focuses on versatile experiences and activation of all senses.
Lovers of cinema : the first American film avat-garde 1919-1945
Derek Jarman : brutal beauty : Serpentine Gallery, [London, 23 February - 13 April 2008] / forword: Julia Peyton-Jones and Hans Ulrich Obrist ; Tilda Swinton: No known address ... or ... Don't look down ... ; introduction: Isaac Julien ; essay: Chrissie Iles ; Derek Jarman: Blue ; [edited by Melissa Larner]
The Undercut reader : critical writings on artists' film and video
An introduction to the American underground film
Maya Deren and the American avant-garde
Touch : sensuous theory and multisensory media
Routemaster : remix project live
Experimental cinema in the digital age
Avant-garde film : forms, themes and passions
34 short films from Finland
The 1960s and 1970s were a defining period for artists' film and video. In England, much of the innovation took place at the London Film-Makers' Co-operative, an artist-led organization that incorporated a distribution agency, projection space and film workshop. Within this unique laboratory, filmmakers were able to control every aspect of the creative process.
Rameau's nephew by Diderot : (thanx to Dennis Young) by Wilma Schoen
Going with the flow : compositional and analytical perspectives on soundtracks for experimental films
Experimental film and video : an anthology
Tooth and nail : film and video 1970-74
Inside the pleasure dome : fringe film in Canada
Visionary film  : the American avant-garde 1943-2000
Documents of utopia : the politics of experimental documentary
Materialist film / Peter Gidal
The vision of the cyclops : from painting to video : ways of seeing in the 20th century and throught eyes of Man Ray / Jacques Coelho
34 short films from Finland : Pixoff presents
Treasures IV : American avant garde film 1947-1986
Virtuos Virtuell : ein experimentalfilm zu einer Komposition von Louis Spohr = an experimental film on a composition by Louis Spohr
View05 : AV-arkki 15 years : Festival of Finnish Media Art = Suomalaisen mediataiteen festivaali
Germaine Dulac : la coquille et le clergyman = the seashell and the clergyman
Fluxfilm anthology
This book examines the social, political, cultural and economic factors shaping the production, exhibition and circulation of artists' cinema in various contexts, from museums, biennial exhibitions and site-specific public art projects to commercial galleries, and art fairs. The book incorporates in-depth readings of recent works by twenty-four artists, including Doug Aitken, Eija-Liisa Ahtila, Carlos Amorales, Gerard Byrne, Tacita Dean, Jeremy Deller, Thomas Demand, Stan Douglas, Aurelien Froment, Pierre Huyghe, Jaki Irvine, Isaac Julien, Aernout Mik, Shirin Neshat, Tobias Putrih, Anne Tallentire, Francesco Vezzoli, Jane & Louise Wilson among others.--Back cover.
Cutting edge : art-horror and the horrific avant-garde
Condition of illusion
"Hatsu-Yume was produced in Japan in 1981 while Viola was artist-in-residence at the Sony Corporation. The title refers to Japanese folklore, wherein things done on the first day of a new year are significant. But the tape is not to be taken literally as a dream..."--Container.
A critical cinema : interviews with independent filmmakers
Future cinema : the cinematic imaginary after film
Women and experimental filmmaking
A Critical cinema : interviews with independent filmmakers. Vol. 3
Experimental cinema : the film reader
Abstract film and beyond
Arkkitehdin vatsa : In the belly of an architect
Shoot shoot shoot ; British avant-garde film of the 1960s & 1970s
Beat films
Cinema in the expanded field
Landscape with shipwreck : first person cinema and the films of Philip Hoffman
Border crossing
Inverted narratives : new directions in storytelling
Asphalto : an aria for 13 demolition derby cars & gas stations = Routemaster: theatre of the motor : special edition DVD
In the mirror of Maya Deren
Rivers of time : the films of Philip Hoffman
Asphalto - Routemaster : special edition DVD
American avant garde film 1947-1986
