http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1971 accumulation
accumulation
Factors affecting ice loads during rubbling process using a 2D FE-DE approach
Innovation in cities : science-based diversity, specialization and localized competition
Improving the operability of fluidized bed boilers - behavior of ashes in fluidized bed
Accumulation of carbon in northern mire ecosystems
Nitrogen dynamics in European forest ecosystems : considerations regarding anthropogenic nitrogen depositions
Agglomeration and specialisation patterns of Finnish biotechnology : on the search for an economic rationale of a dispersed industry structure
Factors affecting ice loads during the rubbling process using a 2D FE-DE Approach
"Why do some nations prosper while others do not? Economists usually turn to measures such as gross domestic product or per capita income to answer this question, but interdisciplinary theorist Cesar Hidalgo argues that we can learn more by measuring a country's ability to make complex products. In Why Information Grows, Hidalgo combines the seemingly disparate fields of economic development and physics to present this new rubric for economic growth. He believes that we should investigate what makes some countries more capable than others. Complex products-from films to robots, apps to automobiles-are a physical distillation of an economy's knowledge, a measurable embodiment of its education, infrastructure, and capability. Economic wealth accrues when applications of this knowledge turn ideas into tangible products; the more complex its products, the more economic growth a country will experience. A radical new interpretation of global economics, Why Information Grows overturns traditional assumptions about the development of economies and the origins of wealth and takes a crucial step toward making economics less the dismal science and more the insightful one. "--
Piketty's capital in the twenty-first century
Optimal factor taxation under wage bargaining : a dynamic perspective
Why information grows : the evolution of order, from atoms to economies
Fluvial processes and their future magnitudes : combined field observation and simulation approaches
"Why do some nations prosper while others do not? While economists often turn to measures like GDP or per-capita income to answer this question, interdisciplinary theorist Cesar Hidalgo argues that there is a better way to understand economic success. Instead of measuring the money a country makes, he proposes, we can learn more from measuring a country's ability to make complex products--in other words, the ability to turn an idea into an artifact and imagination into capital. In Why Information Grows, Hidalgo combines the seemingly disparate fields of economic development and physics to present this new rubric for economic growth. He argues that viewing development solely in terms of money and politics is too simplistic to provide a true understanding of national wealth. Rather, we should be investigating what makes some countries more capable than others. Complex products--from films to robots, apps to automobiles--are a physical distillation of an economy's knowledge, a measurable embodiment of the education, infrastructure, and capability of an economy. Economic wealth is about applying this knowledge to turn ideas into tangible products, and the more complex these products, the more economic growth a country will experience. Just look at the East Asian countries, he argues, whose rapid rise can be attributed to their ability to manufacture products at all levels of complexity. A radical new interpretation of global economics, Why Information Grows overturns traditional assumptions about wealth and development. In a world where knowledge is quite literally power, Hidalgo shows how we can create societies that are limited by nothing more than their imagination"--
Poverty dynamics according to direct, indirect and subjective measures : modelling Markovian processes in a discrete time and space with error
Capital in the twenty-first century
Accumulation of PCBs and organochlorine pesticides in river-caught European river lamprey (Lampetra fluviatilis) in Finland
Direct analysis of solid biofuels for the prediction of ash-related problems in fluidized bed boilers
Simulation of peat accumulation: an aid in carbon cycling research?
Heavy metal deposition on plants in relation to immission and bulk precipitation
Agglomeration factors in Finnish urban regions
Poverty, inequality and the Finnish 1860s famine
Irreversible capital accumulation and nonlinear tax policy : a note
The accumulation of problems of social functioning : outer, inner, and behavioral strands
Leaching and accumulation of elements in ombrotrophic bogs as indicators of recent and past deposition quality
