http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p19712 telephone directories
telephone directories
Suomen puhelukortit 2005/2006 = Telephone cards of Finland 2005/2006
Visual contacts : a phone-book for non-readers
Competitor analysis of Fonecta : Pirkanmaa directory 2005
Abstract: Although more and more of the Finns use their mobile phones, Internet and number services to look for contact information, printed directories are still needed. The regional printed telephone directory is a good and easy place to look for services and products sold in the area. Today the highly competed directory service business in Finland is mainly run by companies specialising in directory services. Industry has allured newcomers in the recent years, which are usually parts of some international group. Due to that, directory services are offered under a brand or a trademark. This bachelor's thesis is about the market situation and branch analysis on the printed directory industry. The objective of this bachelor's thesis is to give a description of the printed directory industry in Finland, construction and the companies in the business in general and to form a comparison of the two Pirkanmaa Telephone Directories. This study concentrates on one of the major players on the directory market, Fonecta, as a competitor to Eniro. Fonecta Ltd, formerly Sonera Info Communications, is the market leading directory service company in Finland. As a competitor for Eniro, Fonecta is very strong. Fonecta's most obvious strategy is to strengthen their position by acquiring other telephone directory operations. By acquiring it will leave out the uncertainty of lack of co-operation. Fonecta's strategy also refers to destructive price competition, though printed directory markets are still profitable. Ten top searched branches in regional telephone directories (Yellow Pages) are Restaurants, Physicians and Surgeons, Motor-Car Repair Shop, Automobile Parts, Pizza, Beauty Salons, Attorneys/Lawyers and Dentists. Fonecta loses in terms of advertisements in Pirkanmaa Directory against Eniro who has 67 percent of the advertisements in these ten top searched branches. However, Fonecta's circulation of its phone directory for Pirkanmaa increased by over 30 per cent. According to precise objective measurements, however, Eniro loses the phone directory race in terms of directory thickness and weight. As for browsing feed, Eniro is clearly quicker.
Lithuanian export-import directory
Suomen puhelukortit = Telephone cards of Finland
Mastering communication
Suomen rannikon loistot = Fyrar vid Finlands kuster = Finnish List of Lights : 2005.
Suomen rannikon loistot 2007 = Fyrar vid Finlands kuster = Finnish list of lights
Suomen rannikon loistot = Fyrar vid Finlands kuster = Finnish List of Lights 2000.
Suomen rannikon loistot 2010 = Fyrar vid Finlands kuster 2010 = Finnish list of lights 2010.
Suomen puhelukortit 1982-1996 = Telephone cards of Finland 1982-1996
Suomen puhelukortit arviohintoineen 1982-1994 = Telephone cards of Finland and their values 1982-1994
