http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p19741 requiems
requiems
500 Jahre Wiener Sängerknaben = 500 Years Vienna Boys' Choir
Russian requiem : for soprano and contralto soloists, chorus, and orchestra
Lux Aeterna : Claudio Abbado during the rehearsal of Verdi's Missa da requiem
War requiem op. 66.
Ceremonial : an autumn ode for orchestra with sho
The power of death : contemporary reflections on death in western society
Saving the souls of medieval London : perpetual chantries at St Paul's Cathedral, c.1200-1548
The essential collection
Mozart's Requiem : historical and analytical studies, documents, score
Choral music on record
A world requiem : op. 60 (1918-21) : for soprano, contralto, tenor and baritone soli, small chorus of boys and youths, full chorus, orchestra and organ
Requiem : in full score
When lilacs last in the door-yard bloom'd  ; Requiem for those we love
Eternal light : a requiem
Britten conducts Britten
The Whale / Celtic Requiem
Requiem ; Take him, earth, for cherishing
The 50 greatest pieces of classical music
Requiem : Köchel-Edition No. 626
Requiem . Opus 45 : for soprano & baritone soli, SATB & orchestra
Classic Kathleen Battle :  A portrait
Requiem : for soprano solo, mixed choir and instrumental ensemble with organ
The world of the oratorio : oratorio, mass, requiem, Te Deum, Stabat Mater, and large cantatas
Living voices and other choral works
Studies in the sentence structure of main character's speech in Requiem for a nun by William Faulkner
When lilacs last in the door-yard bloom'd : a requiem "For those we love"
Mass and parish in late medieval England : the use of York
The very best of Karl Jenkins
When lilacs last in the door-yard bloom'd : Requiem for those we love
Voices from heaven
Requiem and other sacred music
Requiem : for soprano solo, mixed choir, and small orchestra (or organ with instrumental ensemble)
Hans Werner Henze : memoirs of an outsider
Requiem : opus 48 : with Fauré's original chamber instrumentation
Constanze Mozart : after the requiem
Messa da requiem : for 4 solo voices, mixed chorus and orchestra = Totenmesse
Requiem, Take him, earth, for cherishing and other choral works
Requiem : for soprano and baritone soli, chorus and orchestra
Requiem : for soprano & baritone soli, SATB & orchestra
Requiem for my friend
Remembrance : Works by Bernstein, Bloch, Schoenberg & Zeisl
War requiem, op66
Requiem : 1893 version with the composer's original chamber instrumentation : for soprano and baritone solo SATB chorus and instrumental ensemble
War Requiem op. 66.
Requiem : music of mourning and consolation
War Requiem op. 66
Mozart's Requiem : on preparing a new edition
War requiem : op. 66 : full orchestral score : words from the Missa pro defunctis and the poems of Wilfred Owen
Voices from Heaven
Requiem : for cello, soprano and tenor soloists, mixed chorus and orchestra
Requiem : for four solo voices and chorus
Great sacred masterpieces
Symphony No. 4 (1984) : Requiem (1974/75)
A world requiem op. 60
Mozart's Requiem : reception, work, completion
The Titanic requiem
War requiem ; Sinfonia da requiem ; Ballad of heroes
When lilacs last in the dooryard bloom'd : a requiem "For those we love"
A German requiem = Ein deutsches Requiem : for soprano and baritone soloists, SATB and orchestra
War requiem : op. 66
Ceremonial : An autumn ode for orchestra with sho
