http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p19737 slaughtering
slaughtering
Agriculture and food
Wilson's practical meat inspection
The meat we eat
Broiler signals : a practical guide to broiler focused management
Integrated food safety and veterinary public health
Ostrich meat and slaughter course
Handbook of meat and meat processing
Quality of meat
Revisioning ritual : Jewish traditions in transition
Animal welfare and meat science
Wholesome slaughter by-products : a comment
Standard design for small-scale modular slaughterhouses
Improving the safety of fresh meat
The global guide to animal protection
Factors affecting the microbial quality of meat. 2, Slaughter and dressing : proceedings of a meeting held at Sangallo Palace Hotel, Perugia, Italy, 5 - 8 February 1996
Pre-slaughter handling of reindeer (Rangifer tarandus tarandus L.) : effects on meat quality
A guide to traditional pig keeping
Levels of 137 Cs in reindeer bulls in July/August and September and the effect of early slaughter
The menial art of cooking : archaeological studies of cooking and food preparation
Veterinary aspects of meat production, processing and inspection : an update of recent developments in Europe
Anaerobic digestion of solid poultry slaughterhouse by-products and wastes
Tactical decisions of concentrate level, slaughter age and carcass weight of bulls of five beef breeds under Norwegian conditions
Butchering beef
Manual on procedures for disease eradication by stamping out
Silage for fur animals : preservation efficiency of formic acid and benzoic acid in the ensiling of slaughterhouse by-products and their subsequent metabolism in farmed fur animals
Consumer willingness to pay for farm animal welfare : transportation of farm animals to slaughter versus the use of mobile abattoirs
Global Conference on Animal Welfare : an OIE initiative : Paris, 23-25 February 2004 : proceedings
Swine science
Improving farm animal welfare : science and society working together: the welfare quality approach
World animal science. A 6, Microbiology of animals and animal products
Welfare of the laying hen
Slaughter by-products for animal nutrition : innovative technologies, hygiene, environmental care, quality assurance
Domestic poultry : model code of practice for the welfare of animals
Humane slaughtering and efficient butchering will give you the best return on the cattle you process, and Adam Danforth's comprehensive manual guides you through every step.
Meat science : an introductory text
Welfare of pigs : from birth to slaughter
Bovine muscle glycogen concentration in relation to diet, slaughter and ultimate beef quality
Towards adaptive management of reindeer grazing resources
Studies on factors affecting slaughterhouse hygiene
Optimal beef cattle management under agricultural policy reforms in Finland
The Humane Slaughter Association
Bat-report : [best available techniques (BAT) in Nordic slaughterhouses]
Humane slaughtering techniques
Finishing pigs : a practical guide to growth, health and behaviour
Campylobacter jejuni and C. coli in Finnish poultry production
Strategic feeding : a tool in the control of technological pork quality
The ox that gored
"Featuring twenty new chapters reflecting current interest and updating safety and quality standards and regulations, this second edition of an industry reference covers state of the art science, technology, and applications of meat products, by-products, and meat processing as well as worker safety, waste management, slaughtering, carcass evaluation, meat safety, and animal handling issues, both national and international. New topics include beef and raw meat preservation, Jewish and Muslim slaughter and preservation rules, the use of non-meat ingredients, and newly popular processing methods such as emulsion, deboning, marination, and breading"--
A dynamic programming model for optimising feeding and slaughter decisions regarding fattening pigs
Summary.
Transportation and pre-stun handling : CO2-systems
Nutritive value of meat and bone meal for growing pigs
SNURF and Ubc9 as coregulators of androgen receptor function
Animals as food : (re)connecting production, processing, consumption, and impacts
Finishing pigs & health : a practical guide to healthy pigs and healthy meat
"Preface. The consumption of red meat and meat products has a long history in most cultures. Meat is a source of nutrients, as well as a sign of wealth in some countries. Various techniques have been developed in different parts of the world over the centuries to preserve meat for extended shelf life and enjoyment. Even nonedible parts of animals are used for various reasons. Thus, meat, meat products, and by-products are important to our daily life. In the past three decades, many books on the science and technology of meats and meat products have been published. Many of these books are useful reference texts and well received by professionals in the meat industries, academia, and the government. Meat Science and Applications is one such example. It was published in 2001 by the then Marcel Dekker of New York. A decade later, the current publisher, CRC Press, is releasing a second edition of the book with a new title Handbook of Meat and Meat Processing. The change in title reflects the expansion of coverage in depth and breadth from the first edition, as illustrated in the table of contents of this book. Apart from updating materials in the first edition, the new edition contains 51 chapters instead of 27. This second edition is divided into six parts. Part I covers an overview of the meat processing industries in the United States followed by chapters on muscle biology, meat composition, and chemistry. Part II covers meat attributes and characteristics such as color, flavor, and analyses. Part III describes the primary processing of meat, including antemortem and postmortem slaughter, carcass evaluation, religious status, and so on. Part IV discusses the principles and applications in the secondary processing of meat, for example, breading, curing, and fermentation"--
Basic butchering of livestock & game
Finnish expert report on best available techniques in slaughterhouses and installations for the disposal or recycling of animal carcasses and animal waste
Abstract: Alternative ways of the offal management in the future.
Effect of formic, propionic and benzoic acid in slaughter-house offal conservation
Guidelines for slaughtering, meat cutting and further processing
Taxonomy and diversity of coccal lactic acid bacteria associated with meat and the meat processing environment
Utilisation of reactive lysine from meat and bone meals of different ash content by growing-finishing pigs
"Every day, millions of people around the world sit down to a meal that includes meat. This book explores several questions as it examines the use of animals as food: How did the domestication and production of livestock animals emerge and why? How did current modes of raising and slaughtering animals for human consumption develop, and what are their consequences? What can be done to mitigate and even reverse the impacts of animal production? With insight into the historical, cultural, political, legal, and economic processes that shape our use of animals as food, Fitzgerald provides a holistic picture and explicates the connections in the supply chain that are obscured in the current mode of food production. Bridging the distance in animal agriculture between production, processing, consumption, and their associated impacts, this analysis envisions ways of redressing the negative effects of the use of animals as food. It details how consumption levels and practices have changed as the relationship between production, processing, and consumption has shifted. Due to the wide-ranging questions addressed in this book, the author draws on many fields of inquiry, including sociology, (critical) animal studies, history, economics, law, political science, anthropology, criminology, environmental science, geography, philosophy, and animal science."--Publisher's website.
Glycogen debranching enzyme activity in the muscles of meat producing animals
The use of competitive exclusion in broilers to reduce the level of Salmonella contamination on the farm and at the processing plant
Silage for fur animals : preservation efficiency of formic and benzoic acid in the ensiling of slaughterhouse by-products and their subsequent metabolism in farmed fur animals
Economics of animal by-products utilization
Microbiological contamination of reindeer carcasses in different reindeer slaughterhouses
Animal welfare and meat production
Animal food production
