http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p19761 divers
divers
The darkness below
Stars beneath the sea : the extraordinary lives of the pioneers of diving
2nd International Symposium on Occupational Scientific Diving (ISOSD2009) of ESPD : 6th-8th October 2009, Tvärminne Zoological Station, University of Helsinki, Finland
Diversity, dispersal, and interactions among diving beetles and mosquitoes in Swedish wetlands
The invertebrate fauna of the Kilpisjärvi area, Finnish Lapland: Dytiscidae
Physiological stress and life-history strategies in the eider (Somateria mollissima)
A systematic review of the tribes Hyphydrini Sharp and Pachydrini n.trib. (Coleoptera, Dytiscidae)
Divers' view of occupational risks and risk taking
Hydrovatus asymmetricus sp. n. (Coleoptera, Dytiscidae) - an enigmatic species from Southeast Asia
Kalifornian paratiisi
The sea on fire
A demonstration of the diving engine : its invention and various uses
Flight identification of European seabirds
Album of Abyssinian birds and mammals from paintings
The indigenous fisherman divers of Thailand. determining the hazards associated with indigenous diving practices and developing interventions to reduce the risk of diving-related injury and disease
Amazing diving stories : incredible tales for deep beneath the sea
Titanic's last secrets : the further adventures of shadow divers John Chatterton and Richie Kohler
Relics, water and the kitchen sink : a diver's handbook to underwater archeology
Divers of the dark : exploration of caves under Budapest
Exploring the oceans
The frogmen : the story of the war-time underwater operators
Two new East Palearctic Agabus species of the adpressus- and confinis-groups (Coleoptera, Dytiscidae)
Predation risk associated with nesting in gull colonies by two Aythya species : observations and an experimental test
The Jacques Cousteau odyssey. 3
The Jacques Cousteau odyssey. 2
Hekura : the diving girl's island
The aquatic Adephaga (Coleoptera) of Fennoscandia and Denmark. 2, Dytiscidae
On diving and hyperbaric medicine : proceedings of the XXIst annual meeting of EUBS 95, Helsinki, Finland, June 28th - July 1st 1995
Hydrovatus wewalkai n.sp. described from Thailand (Coleoptera, Dytiscidae)
I dive for treasure
The diver's handbook
Phonetic distortion in the HeO2 environment
Population genetics and phylogeography of the West Palearctic Agabus bipustulatus diving beetle complex
Those who dared
In Oceanos, play as expedition captain and plunge into the ocean depths aboard your submarine. Collect surprising animal species, discover the biggest coral reefs, and gather forgotten treasure with the help of your scuba divers. Don't forget to upgrade your submarine during the trip if you want to take all of your discoveries back to shore. Most importantly, beware the Kraken's curse!
In to the Avanto : designing a wireless infrared heating system for cold water diving
