http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1979 photography
photography
Using photographs as a data collection method in family research
Photoshop Lightroom 4 FAQs
Object and image : an introduction to photography
Capture Your Style : Transform Your Instagram Images, Showcase Your Life, and Build the Ultimate Platform
Photography business secrets: the Savvy Photographer's guide to sales, marketing, and more
Photography year book. 1954
Communication arts : photography annual 2016. 57.
Exposure : an infographic guide to photography
Fundamentals of photography
Photoshop for right-brainers : the art of photomanipulation
Ipad for photographers : a guide to managing, editing, and displaying photographs using your iPad
Niche tourism : contemporary issues, trends and cases
Alternative photography : art and artists, edition 1
Langford's starting photography : the guide to great images with digital or film
The sixties
Photographic practices : towards a different image
The fundamentals of creative photography
Communication arts : photography annual 2006.. 48:4
Basic photography
The master guide to photography
Motion picture and video lighting
Video tutorial making as a business : video tutorials through the lens of photography
National Geographic photography field guide : secrets to making great photographs
David Busch's Nikon® D300s : guide to digital SLR photography
Picturing the social landscape : visual methods in the sociological imagination
Skin : the complete guide to digitally lighting, photographing and retouching faces and bodies
The new platinum print : chemical and procedural controls of color and contrast for expressive photographic printing in platinum, palladium and gold
The new photographer's handbook
Communication arts : photography annual 2011. 52:3
What you must know about photographing people -- Equipment basics -- Working with light -- Composing your portraits -- Capturing portraits -- Families and groups -- Kids -- Babies -- Action shots -- Postproduction, sharing, and saving.
Menschen des 20. Jahrhunderts = People of the 20th century = Hommes du XXe siècle. 5, Die Künstler = The Artists = Les artistes
How to photograph buildings and interiors
Step-by-step : 005 : digital black and white photography
Menschen des 20. Jahrhunderts = People of the 20th century = Hommes du XXe siècle. 2, Der Handwerker = The Skilled Tradesman = L'artisan
The studio
Kodak professional photoguide
Light and photomedia : a new history and future of the photographic image
The Lightroom Mobile Book : How to Extend the Power of What You Do in Lightroom to Your Mobile Devices
David Busch's Sony® α DSLR-A850 : guide to digital photography
Digital SLR photography : e-lehti
Non-silver photographic processes : proceedings of the symposium on non-silver photographic processes held at New College, Oxford, September, 1973
Communication arts : photography annual 2003.. 45:4
Lapsia : Children
Menschen des 20. Jahrhunderts = People of the 20th century = Hommes du XXe siècle. 4, Die Stände = Classes and professions = Les catégories socio-professionnelles
Photography : a dictionary of photographers, terms and techniques
Image editing : case study HDR
The Hasselblad manual : a comprehensive guide to the system
Time-lapse photography : a complete introduction to shooting, processing, and rendering time-lapse movies with a DSLR camera
Photography/politics : two
101 quick and easy secrets to create winning photographs
Cameraworks
How to take great photographs : practical photography course
The complete colour photographer
The art of colour photography
Communication arts : photography annual 2001.. 43:4
Take your photography to the next level : from inspiration to image
Photography Annual : [A Selection of the World's Finest Photographs Compiled by the Editors of Popular Photography]. 1962 Edition
Better available light digital photography : how to make the most of your night and low-light shots
Digital SLR cameras and photography for dummies
Langford's advanced photography
Introduction to photography
Creative Exposure Control : How to get the exposure you want every time
Online virtual tour by panoramic photography
Art directors' index to photographers. 11, Europe
Black+white photography : Helsinki
Maailman ihanin tyttö = The loveliest girl in the world
Colour grading video files in Adobe Lightroom
Nature photography : insider secrets from the world's top digital photography professionals
Professional lighting technique : the Broncolor handbook : theory of light, exposure measurement, filter technique
This is not a manipulation : authentic bodies in digital image
Pictorial practices in a "Cam Era" : studying non-professional camera use
Adobe Photoshop Lightroom : photographers' guide
Philippe Halsman: a retrospective : photographs from the Halsman Family Collection
David Busch's Sony® α DSLR-A380/A330/A230 : guide to digital SLR photography
iPod & iTunes for dummies
David Busch's Nikon® D3S/D3X : guide to digital SLR photography
Popular photography : e-lehti
Fashion images de mode No 4
Cheap Tricks : Ingenious Lighting and Shooting Ideas for Studio Photography
Communication arts : photography annual 2002.. 44:4
Visuaalinen maisemaseuranta : kulttuurimaiseman muutosten valokuvadokumentointi : kuvat = Visual monitoring of Finnish landscapes : photographic documentation of changes in cultural landscapes
Complete digital photography
Potential of kite aerial photography for peatland investigations with examples from Estonia = leijailmakuvausmenetelmän käyttömahdollisuudet soiden kartoituksessa - esimerkkejä Viron soilta
Slovenija iz zraka = Slovenia from the air = Slovenien aus der Luft
Works in progress
Focus on special effects : [creating pictures that exist only in your mind]
Food styling for photographers : a guide to creating your own appetizing art
Perspectives
Basic photographic materials and processes
Communication arts : photography annual 2007.. 49:4
The new photography
Adobe Photoshop CS3 : photographers' guide
Communication arts : photography annual 2004.. 46:4
Breaking the frames : snapshooting the genre of family photography and ways of using it
Paral-lel City
Photoworks: when pictures vanish
Creative lighting techniques for studio photographers
Menschen des 20. Jahrhunderts = People of the 20th century = Hommes du XXe siècle. 1, Der Bauer = The farmer = Le paysan
Why art photography?
Photography as family ritual : visual narratives in a Finnish family photo album
The art and science of HDR imaging
Images of the world - photography at the national geographic
The possessed space
A concise history of photography
Gumoil photographic printing
Click : the ultimate photography guide for generation now
Communication arts : photography annual 2014. 55.
Landscapes : seas and skies
Other than itself : writing photography
Menschen des 20. Jahrhunderts = People of the 20th century = Hommes du XXe siècle. 3, Die Frau = The Woman = La femme
Communication arts : photography annual 2005.. 47:4
50 portrait lighting techniques for pictures that sell
Picture show. No 2, Finland, Ireland, Cuba, cold, warm, hot, lovely, colours
Art directors' index to photographers. 11, Asia, Australasia, the Americas
THE FAMILY OF MAN
This new edition uses full-color photos to demonstrate how to work with lighting, location, angle, composition, physical characteristics, and environment in either portrait or candid situations. Professional photographer and veteran author Erin Manning offers invaluable advice for handling the unique challenges of photographing babies, large and small groups, and action.
Digital SLR photography all-in-one for dummies
Outdoor photographer : e-lehti
Hardware and Software for Panoramic Photography
Starting your career as a freelance photographer
Photo speak : a guide to the ideas, movements, and techniques of photografy 1839 to the present
The photography teacher's handbook : practical methods for engaging students in the flipped classroom
THE BEST OF LIFE
Practical photography
Veteran photographer Stan Sholik answers 365 of the most frequently asked questions about the new Lightroom 4 in an informative, practical format, making it easy to find what you're looking for and put the information to use. Sample photos illustrate questions and answers, and a quick-reference guide provides easy access to must-have information.
David Busch's Canon® PowerShot® G10/G11 : guide to digital photography
Digital retouching and compositing : photographers' guide
A morning's work : medical photographs from The Burns archive & collection 1843-1939
Teach yourself Visually digital photography
David Busch's Olympus® PEN E-P2 : guide to digital photography
Abstract: Online virtual tour by panoramic photography. The purpose of the project was constructing a virtual tour, usable by a web browser of Espoo city museum's mansion museum to ensure availability of the exhibition during renovation of the premises. The project included defining the scope with the client, technical implementation based on the specifications and instructing the client on installation of the application. The virtual tour was defined as a 360 degree horizontal multi-room panorama presentation that can be viewed with both a traditional desktop computer browser and a mobile device. The virtual tour was implemented by using a DSLR system camera with high dynamic range imaging, a special panoramic tripod head and two pieces of computer software for stitching the pictures together and creating the browser platform for the virtual tour. In addition to creating the virtual tour and specifying the software and hardware, the workflow was defined, with special attention paid to the possible issues of the process. Errors might occur in handling the dynamics of interior photography, specifying the camera settings, selecting a proper camera lens and tripod and stitching the images together. The project acted as both a service done for a client and a definition of requirements for a panoramic virtual presentation. The paper can be utilised as a guide for future projects about virtual space or augmented reality.
Photography : the new complete guide to taking photographs : from basic composition to the latest digital techniques
How to take & develop black & white photographs
Photography year book. 1953
The way to professional photography
Communication arts : photography annual 2012. 53.
The black and white handbook : the ultimate guide to monochrome techniques
Close-up and macro photography
Humans of New York : stories
Professional photographic illustration
Adobe photoshop CS2 revealed
Dream wedding photography
Langford's advanced photography : the guide for aspiring photographers
An introduction to the science of photography
Confessions of a compact camera shooter : get digital slr quality photos with your compact camera
David Busch's Canon® EOS Rebel T2i/550D : guide to digital SLR photography
Basic black and white photography
Photography awards 2004.
Creative black-and-white photography : advanced camera and darkroom techniques
Photoshop CS4 workflow : the digital photographer's guide
The elements of photography : understanding and creating sophisticated images
The image bank
Photographies
Menschen des 20. Jahrhunderts = People of the 20th century = Hommes du XXe siècle. 6, Die Groβstadt = The City = La grande ville
Digital nature photography and Adobe Photoshop
Vuoden luonnonkuvat 84 = Nature photographs of the year. 1984
Creative close-ups
Photographic global notes
Wizzit : photo sharing magazine
Deathly still : pictures of former German concentration camps
Photographing your children : a handbook of style and instruction
On the road again
Vuoden luonnonkuvat 83 = Nature photographs of the year 83
Menschen des 20. Jahrhunderts = People of the 20th century = Hommes du XXe siècle. 7, Die letzten  Menschen = The last people = La derniers des hommes
High contrast
Erotische photographie
Communication arts : photography annual 2013. 54.
Vuoden luonnonkuvat 87 = Nature photographs of the year 87
Communication arts : photography annual 2008.. 50:4
Mastering digital photography : the photographer's guide to professional-quality digital photography
Empowerment through playing : playing with roles, photos, texts, memories, cards and co-players
Architectural photography : techniques for architects, preservationists, historians, photographers and urban planners
Photography yearbook = Internationales Jahrbuch der Fotografie. 1993
Social media marketing for digital photographers
Fashion images de mode No 6
John Hedgecoe's complete guide to black and white photography
Portrait and candid photography photo workshop
Essays on photography : the unknown Conan Doyle
Expansion Plan for a Photography Company : Case: CaroK
Ebay® photos that sell : taking great product shots for eBay and beyond
Advertising photography : a straightforward guide to a complex industry
Communication arts : photography annual 2015. 56.
Erotic photography
