http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p19727 tales of magic
tales of magic
What happened before Alice fell down the rabbit hole? Oxford, 1862. As Mary Prickett takes up her post as governess to the daughters of the Dean of Christ Church, she is thrust into a strange new world. Mary is poor and plain and desperate for change but the little girls in her care see and understand far more than their naive new teacher. And there is another problem: Mary does not like children, especially the precocious Alice Liddell. When Mary meets Charles Dodgson, the Christ Church mathematics tutor, at a party at the Deanery, she wonders if he may be the person to transform her life. Flattered by his attentions, Mary begins to believe that she could be more than just an overlooked, dowdy governess.One sunny day, as Mary chaperones the Liddells on a punting trip, Mr Dodgson tells the story of Alice's Adventures in Wonderland. But Mary is determined to become Mr Dodgson's muse and will turn all the lives around her topsy-turvey in pursuit of her obsession.
The structural-semantic types of Lithuanian folk tales. Volume I, Genres and tale types
Some day your witch will come
Politicizing magic : an anthology of Russian and Soviet fairy tales
Studies in oral narrative
Magic tales and fairy tale magic : from Ancient Egypt to the Italian Renaissance
Interpretation of fairy tales : Danish folklore in a European perspective
Ahmed and the feather girl
The complete Russian folktale. [Vol. 4], Russian wondertales. 2, Tales of magic and the supernatural
The old traditional way of life : essays in honor of Warren E. Roberts
Alice's adventures in Wonderland & other stories
The turnip princess : and other newly discovered fairy tales
African folktales : traditional stories of the black world
Greek magic tales : aspects of research in folklore studies and anthropology
Tales from a Finnish tupa
The types of international folktales : a classification and bibliography : based on the system of Antti Aarne and Stith Thompson. Part 1, Animal tales, tales of magic, religious tales, and realistic tales
Scandinavian folktales
Summary: The text and texture of Estonian fairy tales : an archive-centred view.
Tales of wisdom & wonder
A tale inspired by Lewis Carroll's beloved classic follows the experiences of Alice's friend, Ada, who, upon tumbling down the same rabbit hole, embarks on an odyssey to find and reclaim her friend from a surreal world.
Theory and history of folklore
Alice in wonderland : through the visual arts
Children born from eggs : African magic tales : texts and discussions
An anthology of Finnish folktales
The carpenter
The Emerald City of Oz
Russian magic tales from Pushkin to Platonov
The Scandinavian magic tale and narrative folklore : a study in genres, themes, and sources
After Alice : a novel
"This book details magic's generally maleficent effect on human beings from ancient Egypt through the Middle Ages, including tales from classical mythology, Jewish, Christian, and Muslim cultures. Bottigheimer shows that certain magical motifs lived on from age to age, but that it took until the Italian Renaissance for magic tales to become fairy tales. Scores of forgotten or little known tales are re-told, allowing readers to form their own conclusions along with the author's analyses. "--
The Russian folktale by Vladimir Yakovlevich Propp
The types of international folktales : a classification and bibliography : based on the system of Antti Aarne and Stith Thompson. Part I, Animal tales, tales of magic, religious tales, and realistic tales, with an introduction
Alice's adventures in wonderland
Glinda of Oz
The indestructible fairy tale : the role and meaning of fairy tales for adult women
Japanese children's favorite stories
Three types of the other world in the magic tales of the Finno-Ugric people
Why fairy tales stick : the evolution and relevance of a genre
Folktales of Greece
Marvelous toy
Folk belief and traditions of the supernatural
An illustrated collection of folktales from Finland, including the magical tale "Vaino and the Swan Princess," the humorous story "The Pig-headed Wife," and the fable "The Bear Goes Fishing."
The forgotten bride: international tale types in Namibia : texts and discussions
Ahmed and the Feather Girl
The narrative world of Finnish fairy tales : structure, agency and evaluation in Southwest Finnish folktales
The Mari Dough-hero
Catalogue of Greek magic folktales
The types of international folktales : a classification and bibliography : based on the system of Antti Aarne and Stith Thompson. Part 1, Animal tales, tales of magic, religious tales, and realistic tales, with an introduction
Charlie and the chocolate factory
The looking glass house
The folk-stories of Iceland
Alice's Adventures in Wonderland
The complete Russian folktale. [Vol. 3], Russian wondertales. 1, Tales of heroes and villains
After Alice
The New junior classics. Vol. 2, Stories of wonder and magic
