http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p19771 psychology of religion
psychology of religion
Religion and psychology : new research
The problem of pain
Nuclear madness : religion and the psychology of the nuclear age
Religious conversion : a bio-psychological study
Forgiveness in context : theology and psychology in creative dialogue
Neuroscience, psychology, and religion
Raising Lazarus : integral healing in orthodox Christianity
Spirituality, theology and mental health : interdisciplinary Perspectives
Psychotherapy and religion : many paths, one journey
The international journal for the psychology of religion
Can Christian belief in God, a contemporary scientific approach to human life, and human experience all be held together? Yes, says Jan-Olav Henriksen, who in this book shows how such a synthesis can be realized.Taking both knowledge of evolution and belief in God as Creator into account, Henriksen's Life, Love, and Hope articulates a vision for understanding the relationship between God and human experience in contemporary terms. Henriksen maintains that evolutionary theory does not account for all that can and must be said about human life and experience. Conversely, he also argues that any belief in God as Creator can be informed and deepened by knowledge of evolution.This thoughtful, nuanced book develops a comprehensive vision that will appeal to anyone who ponders the relationship between God and science. -- Review: Niels Henrik Gregersen-- University of Copenhagen In this major work Henriksen shows how life-orienting experiences of God relate to the big cosmic canvas as well as to the small things of life. He engages science and theology in a sense-making way that is remarkably wide-ranging and up-to-date. "
Psychology, religion, and spirituality
The psychological roots of religious belief : searching for angels and the parent-god
Archiv für Religionspsychologie = Archive for the psychology of religion. Vol. 26.
The first comprehensive, psychological theory in over a century - Reiss picks up where William James left off. This ground breaking work will change the way we understand religion. Religion is about the values motivated by the sixteen basic desires of human nature. It has mass appeal because it accommodates the values of people with opposite personality traits. This is the first comprehensive theory of the psychology of religion that can be scientifically verified.
The 16 strivings for God : the new psychology of religious experiences
William James and the metaphysics of experience
The psychology of religion
While adjusting to a new identity is akin to adjusting to a new set of skin, even more difficult is realising that this new skin may not be as comfortable or as pleasant as the old one. In Searching for Heaven in the Real World, Kathryn Kraft explores the breadth of psychological and societal issues faced by Arab Muslims after making a decision to adopt a faith in Christ or Christianity, investigating some of the most surprising and significant challenges new believers face. Arab Muslims arrive at a point of new faith with great expectations. With such high hopes for what they will experience in their new identity, they are bound to encounter a reality that is different. They need to invest a great deal of emotional energy in addressing their expectations and what they actually encounter. Even so, those who stay the course of faith usually hold on to their dreams, believing that heaven is not only for the afterlife but it is for the real world as well.
Interreligious encounter on cura animarum : ECPCC and ICPCC documents and reports from 1972-1998
Madkind : the origin and development of the mind
Religion defined and explained
Faith of the fatherless : the psychology of atheism
Religion that heals, religion that harms : a guide for clinical practice
William James and a science of religions : reexperiencing The varieties of religious experience
Autobiography and the psychological study of religious lives
"Care for other human beings is at the heart of ministry and brings ministers in contact with wholeof human life. The focus of this handbook of psychology for pastoral contexts is on psychological insight into human relationships and mental health. It can be read as a whole, or used as a handbook for reference to particular problems. At the same time it attempts to put psychological concepts into everyday language. Jessica Osborne, an experienced psychologist and teacher, discusses areas such as attachment, dependency and anxiety, betrayal and reconciliation, mental health issues, such as depression, eating disorders and addiction, stress, violence and abuse and suffering. The book will be useful on pastoral care courses at all levels and suitable for practitioners and people in training for pastoral ministry - lay or ordained." --Publisher's description.
Ritual invention : a play perspective on existential ritual and mental health in late modern Sweden
Taking a step back : assessments of the psychology of religion
Religion between violence and reconciliation
The righteous mind : why good people are divided by politics and religion
Why we believe what we believe : uncovering our biological need for meaning, spirituality, and truth
The sickness unto death : a christian psychological exposition for edification and awakening by anti-climacus
The cognitive science of religion
"Insanity and Sanctity in Byzantium aims to understand how the use of psychological abnormality functions in deep societal transformations, producing a major shift in the religious, cultural, mental, and social aspects. The book examines a particular set of religious phenomena, in a broadly defined period and area - the Eastern Mediterranean and the Near East between the birth of Christianity and that of Islam - and seeks to reach conclusions on the nature and function of abnormal behavior sanctified by society. Taking as a starting point a particular type of saint of Orthodox Christianity, the holy fool, the person who feigns madness, and investigating other types of saints who portray abnormal behavior, such as the martyr and the ascetic, the book reveals the ambiguous character of the boundary between sanity and insanity. It explains the significance of this ambiguity to the religious experience as a motor of social movement, and sets it at the core of the socio-religious transformation that changed the Antique civilization into a world of medieval societies."--
Towards cultural psychology of religion : principles, approaches, applications
Life, love, and hope : God and human experience
The individual and his religion : a psychological interpretation
The healing power of spirituality : how faith helps humans thrive. Vol. 2, Religion
The psychology of confession
The psychology of religious belief
The supernatural and natural selection : the evolution of religion
Concluding unscientific postscript
Neuropsychological bases of God beliefs
Hermeneutical approaches in psychology of religion
[Kierkegaard's writings]. [8], The concept of anxiety : a simple psychologically orienting deliberation on the dogmatic issue of hereditary sin
Religious conversion : a meta-analytical study
A study on religious emotions
The sacred mirror : nondual wisdom & psychotherapy
Concepts of the other in Near Eastern religions
Creative dwelling : empathy and clarity in God and self
Ecstasy or religious trance : in the experience of the ecstatics and from the psychological point of view. Volume 1, Vision and ecstasy
Apocalypse : on the psychology of fundamentalism in America
Personhood and Christianity : in psychodynamic and corporate perspective
Crossing boundaries in the psychology of religion : case studies in cross-national and cross-denominational context
Becoming adult, becoming Christian : adult development and Christian faith
The psychology of religion : an introduction to religious experience and behavior
Jung's three theories of religious experience
The place of "doubt" in the clinical psychology of religion
Psychology and western religion
"What is a religious or spiritual delusion? What does religious delusion reveal about the difference between good and bad spirituality? What is the connection between religious delusion and moral failure? Or between religious delusion and religious terrorism? Or religious delusion and despair? The Abraham Dilemma: A Divine Delusion is the first book written by a philosopher on the topic of religious delusion -- on the disorder's causes, contents, consequences, diagnosis and treatment. The book argues that we cannot understand a religious delusion without appreciating three facts. One is that religiosity or spirituality is a part of human nature, whether it takes theistic or non-theistic forms. Another is that religious delusion is something to which we are all vulnerable. The third is that the delusion is not best understood by reducing it to brain chemistry, or by insisting that it is empirically false. It is best understood by examining its harmful personal and moral consequences -- consequences that nearly unfolded when the biblical patriarch Abraham prepared to sacrifice his son Isaac in response to a command, he thought, from God. The book presents a fascinating and profound exploration of a phenomenon as old as mankind itself."--
Christian theology in practice : discovering a discipline
The undiscovered self
Reviving Christian humanism : the new conversation on spirituality, theology, and psychology
Beyond Yahweh and Jesus : bringing death's wisdom to faith, spirituality, and psychoanalysis
Psychology and the religious quest : an account of the psychology of religion and a defence of individualism
Religion and the individual : a social-psychological perspective
Research in the social scientific study of religion. Volume 19
The varieties of religious experience : a study in human nature
An introduction to the psychology of religion
Paternity as function : structuring the religious experience
Something there : the biology of the human spirit
Encyclopedia of religious and spiritual development
Dreams in the psychology of religion
Embracing reality : the integral vision of Ken Wilber : a historical survey and chapter-by-chapter guide to Wilber's major works
The divided self of William James
Prophetic charisma : the psychology of revolutionary religious personalities
Archiv für Religionspsychologie = Archive for the psychology of religion. Vol. 27.
The essential writings of Sudhir Kakar
Studies in religious philosophy
Introduction to psychology and counseling : Christian perspectives and applications
Religious thought and the modern psychologies
The image of God and the psychology of religion
Religion and coping in mental health care
Jung on mythology : key readings
Attachment and religion : an integrative developmental framework
Mature religion : a psychological study
Religious affects : animality, evolution, and power
Psychology, religion, and the nature of the soul : a historical entanglement
Religion and spirituality across cultures
Melancholy and the critique of modernity : Søren Kierkegaard's religious psychology
The interplay of social science and personal belief in Gordon W. Allport's psychology of religion
The future of an illusion
The healing power of spirituality : how faith helps humans thrive. Vol. 1, Personal spirituality
Invitation to the psychology of religion
Judeo-Christian perspectives on psychology : human nature, motivation, and change
Bad religion : the psychology of religious misbehavior
The divine archetype : the sociobiology and psychology of religion
Religion, society, and psychoanalysis : readings in contemporary theory
Miracles : God, science, and psychology in the paranormal. Volume 2, Medical and therapeutic events
Rogue messiahs : tales of self-proclaimed saviors
The world's religions : continuities and transformations
Psychology of Religion : autobiographical accounts
Integrating spirituality into treatment : resources for practitioners
"Bridging the gap" : the Christian sacraments and human belonging
Religion has always been a major study in psychology, but recent events, including terrorism, have sharpened attention on the relationship between personality and religion. This collection concentrates on reproducible results and logic, rather than unproved theories and instant reactions. Contributors of these fifteen essays review the accumulated research and theories on the major aspects of personality and social psychology as applied to religion. They concentrate on personality, cognition, and emotion (personality and religiousness, religion and the self, religious cognition, religion and negative emotions as they relate to regulation, positive emotions and self-transcendence), social behavior, morality, and intergroup relations (personal and cognitive factors as they relate to social factors, religion and prejudice in intergroup relations, values as religiosity, religion and sexuality within family, religion and domestic political attitudes around the world, social aspects of religion and mental health), and age, gender and culture (religion and development, gender difference in religion, religion and the national culture, understanding religion and irreligion).
The fruit of her hands : a psychology of biblical woman
The spiritual nature of man : a study of contemporary religious experience
Modern scholarship in several disciplines makes it clear that the Bible and the Quran were authored by humans. Nevertheless fundamentalists persist in believing in the divine authorship of their sacred scriptures. In this book, Solomon Schimmel seeks to understand why these people insist on such beliefs and how they defend them.
Psychology and religion : West and East
Spiritual encounters with unusual light phenomena : lightforms
Psychology of religion : classic and contemporary
Faith and mental health : religious resources for healing
Spirituality, Theology and Mental Health provides reflections from leading international scholars and practitioners in theology, anthropology, philosophy and psychiatry as to the nature of spirituality and its relevance to constructions of mental disorder and mental healthcare. Key issues are explored in depth, including the nature of spirituality and recent debates concerning its importance in contemporary psychiatric practice, relationship between demons and wellbeing in ancient religious texts and contemporary practice, religious conversion, and the nature and importance of myth and theology in shaping human self understanding. These are used as a basis for exploring some of the overarching intellectual and practical issues that arise when different disciplines engage together with an attempt to better understand the relationship between spirituality and mental health and translate their findings into mental healthcare practice.
Dream-symbolism in the Śrāmanic tradition : two psychoanalytical studies in Jinist & Buddhist dream legends
The God gene : how faith is hardwired into our genes
The psychology of religion : an introduction to religious experience and behaviour
Introduction
The Sociology of religion
On the psychotheology of everyday life : reflections on Freud and Rosenzweig
Psychology and religion : an introduction to contemporary views
The tenacity of unreasonable beliefs : fundamentalism and the fear of truth
Seeing the invisible : modern religious and other transcendent experiences
The creation of consciousness : Jung's myth for modern man
The mindfulness survival kit : five essential practices
Religion is not about God : how spiritual traditions nurture our biological nature and what to expect when they fail
Religious facilitation through intense liturgical participation : a quasi-experimental study of Swedish pilgrims to Taizé
Current perspectives in the psychology of religion
Irreducible mind : toward a psychology for the 21st century
International handbook of education for spirituality, care and wellbeing. Part 2
New religious in global perspective
Psychology and religion : eight points of view
Limning the psyche : explorations in Christian psychology
Miracles : God, science, and psychology in the paranormal. Volume 3, Parapsychological perspectives
New perspectives on psychology and religion
Recent religious psychology : a study in the psychology of religion being a critical exposition of the methods and results of representative investigators of the psychological phenomena of religion
The seven deadly sins : Jewish, Christian, and classical reflections on human psychology
Psychology of religion : classic and contemporary views
Alpha god : the psychology of religious violence and oppression
An approach to the psychology of religion
The characteristics of rigid religiosity : some clinical speculations
The psychology of religion : an introduction
In gods we trust : the evolutionary landscape of religion
Religion, identity, and change : perspectives on global transformations
Creativity, spirituality, and mental health : exploring connections
Liberating rites : understanding the transformative power of ritual
Healthy religion : a psychological guide to a mature faith
Religious behaviour
The healing power of spirituality : how faith helps humans thrive. Vol. 3, Psychodynamics
The quest for relevance : clinical psychology of religion and its ways of knowing : introduction to the volume
Mystical experience and religious doctrine : an investigation of the study of mysticism in world religions
The tree of life : a study of religion
Psychology and religion : an introduction
Jung's quest for wholeness : a religious and historical perspective
Magic and religion : their psychological nature, origin and function
#What Is A Near Death Experience?
Unbelievable : why we believe and why we don't
Searching for heaven in the real world : a sociological discussion of conversion in the Arab world
Belief and unbelief : psychological perspectives
Insanity and sanctity in Byzantium : the ambiguity of religious experience
The psychology of prayer : a scientific approach
The psychology of religion : a short introduction
Latent trait models of intrinsic, extrinsic, and quest religious orientations
Revisioning transpersonal theory : a participatory vision of human spirituality
The future of religion, East and West
Spirituality and religion in recovery from mental illness
The end of faith : religion, terror, and the future of reason
Creating identity
Psychology for pastoral contexts : a handbook
Susceptible to the sacred : the psychological experience of ritual
The function of myth in Akan healing experience : a psychological inquiry into two traditional Akan healing communities
Religion and psychology : mapping the terrain : contemporary dialogues, future prospects
Religion, personality, and social behavior
Handbook of religious experience
Psychology and religion
Glossolalia : behavioral science perspectives on speaking in tongues
The psychology of religion : theoretical approaches
The labyrinth in culture and society : pathways to wisdom
