http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p19707 adulteries
adulteries
Hawthorne's The Scarlet letter : the manga edition
Invisible ink : my mother's secret love affair with a famous cartoonist : a graphic memoir
The bookshop on Rosemary Lane
This one is mine
The first cut
Landscape with animals
Ciphers in the sand : interpretations of the woman taken in adultery (John 7.53-8.11)
Beat the bitch : how to stop the other woman stealing your man
Intimacy
Countdown city
Peyton Amberg
Fortune's rocks : a novel
The end of the monsoon
Sex, law and marriage in the Middle Ages
Catching the tide
The girl at the Lion d'Or
The sealed letter
Marry me : a romance
A multitude of sins : stories
The Missing Wife
Do with me what you will
The state of affairs : explorations in infidelity and commitment
The forgotten waltz
The limits of bodily integrity : abortion, adultery, and rape legislation in comparative perspective
Letters to a love rat
The Sealed Letter
The Saint Zita Society
Shalimar the clown : a novel
Not "just friends" : rebuilding trust and recovering your sanity after infidelity
Cuckoldry, impotence and adultery in Europe (15th-17th century)
The calligrapher's secret
The double silence
The blue guitar
S is for Silence
The desperate wife's survival plan
The novel of female adultery : love and gender in continental European fiction, 1830-1900
Woman times seven : 7 stories of adultery
The soldier's woman
Love in mid air
Friends, lies and alibis
Fifteen minutes after Bill Griffith's father died from a bicycle accident in 1972, his mother turned to him and said, "If I don't tell you this now, I'll never be able to tell you. I had a long and happy relationship with a man you knew slightly." Thus began Griffith's journey to reconstruct this hidden relationship between his mother and a deeply cultured jack-of-all-trades cartoonist and crime novelist. Invisible Ink unfolds like a detective story, alternating between past and present, as Griffith recreates the quotidian habits of suburban Levittown and the professional and cultural life of Manhattan in the 1950s and '60s as seen through his mother's and his own teenage eyes. Griffith finally discovers the holy grail of his mother's past: her diary, an ecstatic evocation of her sexual liaison, and an eloquent testament to her deepest feelings; and an unfinished novel that parallels the trajectory of her own life. Griffith puts the pieces together and reveals a mother he never knew.
Dark angel ; Lord Carew's bride
Love in a warm climate
How can I ever trust you again? : infidelity : from discovery to recovery in seven steps
Confidentially yours
The scarlet letter : a romance
Law and drama as means of control in Chester 1500-1575 : an interpretation of Chester Corpus Christi Play of the Woman taken in adultery
An empty room
Fly away home
This volume argues that legislation on abortion, adultery, and rape has been central to the formation of the modern citizen. The author draws on rights literature, bio-political scholarship, and a gender-studies perspective as a foundation for rethinking the sovereign relationship. In approaching the politicization of reproductive space from this direction, the study resituates the role of rights and rights-granting within the sovereign relationship. A second theme running throughout the book explores the international implications of these arguments and addresses the role of abortion, adultery and rape legislation in constructing 'civilizational' relationships. In focusing on the Ottoman Empire, Turkey, France and Italy as case studies, Miller presents a discussion of what 'Europe' is, and the role of sexuality and reproduction in defining it.
A Married Woman
Love is all you need
Three letters
The mistress's revenge
Adultery and divorce in Calvin's Geneva
Suspicious minds
Fictions of female adultery, 1684-1890 : theories and circumtexts
Sexual transgression in the Hebrew Bible
The velvet pouch
The secrets women keep
Indiana gothic : a true story of love, betrayal and murder in the American midwest
The sex life of my aunt
The Stranger
Fashioning adultery : gender, sex and civility in England, 1660-1740
A serving of scandal
The one before the one
The scarlet letter
Sex and the gender revolution. Vol. 1, Heterosexuality and the third gender in Enlightenment London
Writing the wayward wife : rabbinic interpretations of sotah
The snowman
Until death
All he saw was the girl
Anatomy of love : the natural history of monogamy, adultery, and divorce
The new rules : internet dating, playfairs and erotic power
Just the three of us
Shakespeare and Renaissance literature before heterosexuality
The birthday present
The whole wide beauty
Jerusalem, 1959. Shmuel Ash, a biblical scholar, is adrift in his young life when he finds work as a caregiver for a brilliant but cantankerous old man named Gershom Wald. There is, however, a third, mysterious presence in his new home. Atalia Abarbanel, the daughter of a deceased Zionist leader, a beautiful woman in her forties, entrances young Shmuel even as she keeps him at a distance. Piece by piece, the old Jerusalem stone house, haunted by tragic history and now home to the three misfits and their intricate relationship, reveals its secrets.
The third woman : the secret passion that inspired The end of the affair
