http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p19706 astronauts
astronauts
Almost heaven : the story of women in space
The fourth power
Childcraft. 11, People and places
Kosmos kak predtšuvstvije [=Dreaming of space]
The overview effect : space exploration and human evolution
When Exether Mega, a young military pilot caught up in an interplanetary conflict between humans and Krommiuns, crashes after a deadly dogfight, she begins a perilous journey across enemy lines. Mega soon discovers she's at the center of a complex, secret experiment to create a weapon of unimaginable power. As further clues to her role identity, and destiny are revealed, sinister forces ramp up their efforts to capture and use her "Fourth Power," in a relentless pursuit across worlds filled with deadly technological and organic beasts.
The space race
Murphy's miserable space adventures
Almost astronauts : 13 women who dared to dream
My very first space book
The sabre-tooth secret
The last pilot
X-15 diary : the story of America's first space ship
How to survive in space
Flight in America : from the Wrights to the astronauts
Spacesuits : Museum : the Smithsonian national air and space museum collection
Rocket girls : the last planet
Pirates don't take baths
Cat country
Space vehicles
An astronaut's guide to life on Earth
Moonfire : the epic journey of Apollo 11
Space Dog
Spacecraft and the journey into space
Deke! : U.S. manned space : from Mercury to the Shuttle
T-minus : the race to the moon
The cosmonaut who couldn't stop smiling : the life and legend of Yuri Gagarin
Let's go! With that, the boyish, grinning Yuri Gagarin launched into space on April 12, 1961, becoming the first human being to orbit the earth. The twenty-seven-year-old lieutenant colonel departed for the stars from within the shadowy world of the Soviet military-industrial complex. Barbed wires, no-entry placards, armed guards, false identities, mendacious maps, and a myriad of secret signs had hidden Gagarin from prying outsiders - not even his friends or family knew what he had been up to. Coming less than four years after the Russians launched Sputnik into orbit, Gagarin's voyage was cause for another round of capitalist shock and Soviet rejoicing. The Cosmonaut Who Couldn't Stop Smiling relates this twentieth-century icon's remarkable life while exploring the fascinating world of Soviet culture. Gagarin's flight brought him massive international fame - in the early 1960s, he was possibly the most photographed person in the world. Outside of the spotlight, Andrew L. Jenks reveals, his tragic and mysterious death in a jet crash became fodder for morality tales and conspiracy theories in his home country, and, long after his demise, his life continues to provide grist for the Russian popular-culture mill. This is the story of a legend, both the official one and the one of myth, which reflected the fantasies, perversions, hopes, and dreams of Gagarin's fellow Russians. With this rich, lively chronicle of Gagarin's life and times, Jenks re-creates the elaborately secretive world of space-age Russia while providing insights into Soviet history that will captivate a range of readers.
My brother Yuri : pages from the life of the first cosmonaut
The first moon landing
The Usborne official astronaut's handbook
One small step : celebrating the first men on the moon
The chimpanzee complex. 1 : Paradox
Goodnight spaceman and other stories
Fall of a cosmonaut : an inspector Porfiry Rostnikov mystery
The darkest dark
Affordance-based task communication methods for astronaut-robot cooperation
Apinoiden planeetta = Planet of the apes
Captain America : living legend
Why why why do astronauts float in space?
Alone in a spartan black cockpit, test pilot Mike Melvill rocketed towards space. He had eighty seconds to exceed the speed of sound and begin the climb to a target no civilian pilot had ever reached. He might not make it back alive. If he did, he would make history as the world's first commercial astronaut. The spectacle defied reason, the result of a competition dreamed up by entrepreneur Peter Diamandis, whose vision for a new race to space required small teams to do what only the world's largest governments had done before...From the age of eight, when he watched Apollo 11 land on the Moon, Diamandis's singular goal was to get to space. When he realized NASA was winding down manned space flight, he set out on one of the great entrepreneurial adventure stories of our time. If the government wouldn't send him to space, he would create a private space flight industry himself. In the 1990s, this idea was the stuff of science fiction. Undaunted, Diamandis found inspiration in the golden age of aviation. He discovered that Charles Lindbergh made his transatlantic flight to win a 25,000 dollar prize. The flight made Lindbergh the most famous man on earth and galvanized the airline industry. Why, Diamandis thought, couldn't the same be done for space flight? The story of the bullet-shaped SpaceShipOne, and the other teams in the hunt for a 10 million dollar prize, is an extraordinary tale of making the impossible possible. In the end, as Diamandis dreamed, the result wasn't just a victory for one team; it was the foundation for a new industry.
Spaceman : an astronaut's unlikely journey to unlock the secrets ot the universe
Gravity 3D, [+2D]
The Martian
Extant. The second season
How to make a spaceship : a band of renegades, an epic race and the birth of private space flight
A beautiful, four-color book that showcases an epic LEGO universe. Full of advanced models guaranteed to inspire, as well as simpler models with building instructions / WorldCat.
Ždite nas, zvezdy = The stars are awaiting us
Gravity 3D
TWENTY NAMES IN SPACE EXPLORATION
Mission : Red planet
The three little astronauts
Women and flight : portraits of contemporary women pilots
Moondust : in search of the men who fell to Earth
The Usborne big book of rockets and spacecraft
The chimpanzee complex. 2 :  the Sons of Ares
Moonshot : the inside story of mankind's greatest adventure
Exploring space
Destination Moon : the Apollo missions in the astronauts' own words
Goodnight spaceman
Deke!  : U.S. manned space : from Mercury to the Shuttle
This is non-fiction for very young children, who will find lots of things to look at and talk about in this highly visual book about space - what it is, where it is, and what's out there. Little ones can find out about planets, stars, asteroids, space travel and lots more - whilst learning lots of interesting new words. – WorldCat.
LEGO space : building the future
Leap of faith : an astronaut's journey into the unknown
Revenge of the Fang
International organizations and space cooperation
The Coming of the Space Age : Famous Accounts of Man's Probing of the Universe
The astronauts and rescue agreement : lessons learned
The skies of fear
Starman : the truth behind the legend of Yuri Gagarin
The chimpanzee complex. 3 : Civilisation
The The T. Rex invasion
Earth attack!
The Martian = Yksin Marsissa
The forest of evil
For all mankind
Space tourism : adventures in earth orbit and beyond
The final frontier : the rise and fall of the American rocket state
The carnivore curse
The whole world followed the countdown to sending the first men to the moon. This is the story of the people who made it happen, both in the rockets and behind the scenes.
The astronaut wives club : a true story
Packing for Mars : the curious science of life in space
Shenzhou
Peep inside this lift-the flap information book and explore the vast and wonderful universe. Drifting through the twinkling stars and visiting the moon, readers will feel like astronauts exploring the galaxy themselves.
The martian
Two sides of the moon : our story of the cold war space race
The rocket man, and other extraordinary characters in the history of flight
Starmus : 50 years of man in space
This celebration of the 40th anniversary of the Apollo 11 moon landing is a collection of keepsakes and memories that bring that historic moment of pride an accomplishment to life for a new generation.
Zhongguoren de taikong zhi lü / China's space travel / compiled by Information Office of the State Council of the People's Republic of China
Our Gagarin : the first cosmonaut and his native land
Space psychology and psychiatry
