http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p19780 plot
plot
Energy of delusion : a book on plot
Dan O'Bannon's guide to screenplay structure : inside tips from the writer of Alien, Totall recall & The return of the living dead
Life is too short
Reading people, reading plots : character, progression, and the interpretation of narrative
The new pocket Kobbé's opera book
Characters and plots in the fiction of James M. Cain
Based on a true story : fact and fantasy in 100 favorite movies
Standard stories from the operas
Time and narrative. Vol. 1
Setting up your scenes : the inner workings of great films / Richard D. Pepperman
Stories of the great operas and their composers
The Decca Book of ballet
The writer's journey : mythic structure for storytellers and screenwriters
On the buses : the complete story
The power of film
Narrative dynamics : essays on time, plot, closure, and frames
Basics creative photography. 02, Context and narrative
Narrative form
Navarro's silent film guide : a comprehensive look at American silent cinema
Musically sound and fully annotated, this reference work provides ready access to over seven hundred excerpts from a hundred operas and thus provides information on a wide variety of matters of interest to directors, teachers, and singers. A table of voice categories, coded excerpts (including length and reference to accessible scores), character descriptions (including estimations of degrees of difficulty of the music), summaries of the action of each excerpt, and indexes to titles, composers, and well-known arias and ensembles make this book an indispensable tool.
Story : substance, structure, style, and the principles of screenwriting
Remanent magnetization in the Archaean basement and cutting diabase dykes in Finland, Fennoscandian shield
The life of the drama
The Metropolitan opera guide : the standard repertory of the Metropolitan Opera Association, Inc. as selected by Edward Johnson, general manager
Pathfinder : adventure path. Rise of the runelords
Time and narrative. Vol. 2
Companion to opera
The architecture of drama : plot, character, theme, genre, and style
101 stories of the great ballets
THE READER'S ENCYCLOPEDIA
A treasury of literary masterpieces : the novels, plays, poems and other works of the most celebrated and historic writers in all lands and times
Clues on coming in The lord of the rings by J. R. R. Tolkien
A companion to twentieth-century opera
Story logic and the craft of fiction
Creative writing exercises for dummies
Paul Ricœur and the role of plot in narrative worldmaking
Interactive storytelling for video games  : a player-centered approach to creating memorable characters and stories
The body as a notebook : tattoos as a means of detection in Memento
Psychonarratology : foundations for the empirical study of literary response
"This reference guide to Cain's oeuvre offers a chronology detailing his life as reporter, Hollywood scenarist, and best-selling author. Entries for his fiction follow, with plot synopses, identification of more than 900 characters, and critical commentaries, many citing works for further reading. This compendium provides the most thorough exploration to date of this major American writer"--Provided by publisher.
Encyclopedia of sports films
Story structure architect : a writers guide to building plots, characters & complications
Writing short films : structure and content for screenwriters
Aristotle's poetics, story design and audience appeal : A story strength theory
Science fiction films of the seventies
Story path
Shaksperian synopses : outlines or arguments of the plays of Shakspere
Majestic Hollywood : the greatest films of 1939
Star Wars in 100 scenes
Plot snakes and the dynamics of narrative experience
Opera scenes for class and stage
The Metropolitan opera guide
The reader's companion to the twentieth century novel
Alice in wonderland : the visual guide
Plots unlimited : for the writer of novels, short stories, plays, screenplays and television episodes : a creative source for generating a virtually limitless number and variety of story plots and outlines
Toward the end : closure and structure in the American short story
Developing characters for script writing
The Metropolitan Opera stories of the great operas
Plotting and writing suspense fiction
Reading for the plot : design and intention in narrative
Garden plots : the politics and poetics of gardens
The island of lost horses
Narratives unsettled : digression in Robert Walser, Thomas Bernhard, and Adalbert Stifter
Profiles, five film-makers from India : V. Shantaram, Raj Kapoor, Mrinal Sen, Guru Dutt, Ritwik Ghatak
Silmänkääntötemppu : tutkielma avoimesta lopusta Isaac Bashevis Singerin romaanissa The Magician of Lublin
The Metropolitan opera guide : the standard repertory of the Metropolitan Opera Association, Inc. as selected by Edward Johnson, general maniger
Wolf who cried boy!
A night at the opera : an irreverent guide to the plots, the singers, the composers, the recordings
Plot, spectacle and experience : contributions to the design and evaluation of interactive storytelling
A grammar of stories : an introduction
Telling stories : postmodernism and the invalidation of traditional narrative
The structural-semantic types of Lithuanian folk tales. Volume II, The classification and index of elementary plots and their types
Great opera stories
Summary.
The classical plot and the invention of Western narrative
The unresolvable plot : reading contemporary fiction
Noh
Ultimate Star Wars
Summary: Focused on the challenges faced by aspiring writers, Brady illuminates how technique serves 'story logic', the particular way fiction makes meaning. She offers a closer look at craft fundamentals (plot, characterization, point-of-view, imagery, style, and setting), including examples from classic and contemporary fiction and writing exercises.
Time and narrative. Vol. 3
Writing the short film
The ring of truth : the wisdom of Wagner's Ring of the Nibelung
The definitive guide to screenwriting
Strings attached
Distant reading
The politics of naturalism : women and fiction in 1880s
Synopses of Dickens's novels
Dorigen's promise in the Franklin's tale and the keeping of it in comparison to two Boccaccio stories
Agatha Christie's secret notebooks : fifty years of mysteries in the making
"To what end?" : purpose and destination in Jane Eyre
Aristotle's poetics for screenwriters : storytelling secrets from the greatest mind in western civilization
Narrative, perception, language, and faith
The new Milton Cross' complete stories of the great operas
The seven basic plots : why we tell stories
The thirty-six dramatic situations
Theory into poetry : new approaches to the lyric
Screenwriting for teens : the 100 principles of scriptwriting every budding writer must know
Plotting the novel
Screenwriting updated : new (and conventional) ways of writing for the screen
The submerged plot and the mother's pleasure from Jane Austen to Arundhati Roy
Thirty-six dramatic situations
20 Master plots (and how to build them)
A poetics for screenwriters
The Shakespeare encyclopedia : the complete guide to the man and his works
A girl walks into a bar : your fantasy, your rules
Bear and turtle and the great lake race
