http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p19752 ethnologists
ethnologists
Professor August Robert Niemi and comparative folklore investigations of the Balts and Baltic Finns : papers of the international conference held on 1-2 December, 1994, Vilnius, Lithuania
Helena Ruotsala, Professor in Turku
The economics of John Kenneth Galbraith : introduction, persuasion, and rehabilitation
Among unknown tribes : rediscovering the photographs of explorer Carl Lumholtz
The liberal hour
Bernardino de Sahagun, first anthropologist
Improvising theory : process and temporality in ethnographic fieldwork
Folklorist, archivist, anthropologist, singer, political activist, talent scout, ethnomusicologist, filmmaker, concert and record producer, Alan Lomax is best remembered as the man who introduced folk music to the masses. Lomax began his career making field recordings of rural music for the Library of Congress and by the late 1930s brought his discoveries to radio, including Woody Guthrie, Pete Seeger, and Burl Ives. By the 1940s he was producing concerts that brought white and black performers together, and in the 1950s he set out to record the whole world. Lomax was also controversial. When he worked for the government he was tracked by the FBI, and when he worked in Britain, MI5 continued the surveillance. In his last years he turned to digital media and developed technologies that anticipated today's breakthroughs. Featuring a cast of characters from Eleanor Roosevelt to Lead Belly, Carl Sagan to Bob Dylan, Szwed's biography provides an account of an era seen through the life of one extraordinary man.
Multiculturalism in the North : selected papers
Missionary impositions : conversion, resistance, and other challenges to objectivity in religious ethnography
Fifty major economists
Anthropology off the shelf : anthropologists on writing
Malinowski : odyssey of an anthropologist, 1884-1920
New voices on Adam Smith
Institutions, contracts and organizations : perspectives from new institutional economics
Do economists make markets? : on the performativity of economics
Marcel Mauss : a biography
Emil Torday and the art of the Congo, 1900-1909
Ethnography through thick and thin
Works and lives : the anthropologist as author
From west to east : Kai Donner's international connections
The fortunes of liberalism : essays on Austrian economics and the ideal of freedom
The naked anthropologist : tales from around the world
After Tylor : British social anthropology 1888-1951
Siberia : life on the taiga and tundra
Understanding capitalism : critical analysis from Karl Marx to Amartya Sen
Ideas of the great economists
Main currents in modern economics : economic thought since 1870
Worlds of exile and illusion : Rocannon's world ; Planet of exile ; City of illusions
Visions of culture : an introduction to anthropological theories and theorists
Pioneers : the history of Finnish ethnology
The correspondence of Adam Smith
Paulo Freire: pedagogue of liberation
John Maynard Keynes
Capitalist revolutionary : John Maynard Keynes
Worlds of exile and illusion
Special issue in English on Rafael Karsten
The essential Galbraith
David Ricardo : a biography
The Afghan amulet : travels from the Hindu Kush
The evolutionist economics of Léon Walras
Stretching the scope of economics - on the nature and impact of Gary S. Becker's economics imperialism
M. A. Castrén's memory in Russia : mariginal notes to Pamâti M. A. Kastrena
Fragments from the 'middle ground' : Posidonius' northern ethnography
Dolce far niente in Arabia : Georg August Wallin and his travels in the 1840s
Milton Friedman's monetary framework : a debate with his critics
Models of my life
Sergej Sergel's field research in Northern Norway and Finland : contextualizing early 20th-century Sami
Mihály Hoppál : a bibliography of his works 1970-2005
Biographical dictionary of social and cultural anthropology
Economists and societies : discipline and profession in the United States, Britain, and France, 1890s to 1990s
An adventurer in European ethnology
A girl from the university : an ethnological fieldworker in focus
John Kenneth Galbraith : his life, his politics, his economics
Herodotus (c. 484-after 424 BCE) : Greek historian and ethnographer
Frazer and the Golden Bough
The man who recorded the world : a biography of Alan Lomax
Green was the earth on the seventh day
The collected works of F. A. Hayek. Vol. 4, The fortunes of liberalism : essays on Austrian economics and the ideal of freedom
Mary Douglas : an intellectual biography
From the Tana River to Lake Chad : research in African oratures and literatures : in memoriam Thomas Geider
Designing & conducting ethnographic research
Kai Donner : linguist, ethnographer, photographer
John Maynard Keynes : a biography. Vol. 2, The economist as saviour 1920-1937
Four women ethnologists
Science with a human face : the activity of the Czechoslovak scientists František Šorm and Otto Wichterle during the Cold War
Schumpeter's market : enterprise and evolution
Taboo : sex, identity and erotic subjectivity in anthropological fieldwork
German research in north-eastern Nigeria
Kaarle Krohn : bibliography
Joseph Schumpeter : scholar, teacher and politician
Cultural changes : the First Finnish-Hungarian Symposium on Ethnology, August 13-18, 1984
Edward Westermarck at the Academy of Åbo, 1918-32
Sergej Sergel and his visit to Finnmark, Norway
Historical dictionary of shamanism
Economic thought since Keynes : a history and dictionary of major economists
Dorevolûcionnaâ Kazan' : missionerskoe prosveŝenie i issledovanie narodov Povolž'â = Prerevolutionary Kazan : missionary education and study of the Volga native peoples
Inside the economist's mind : conversations with eminent economists
Adam Smith: optimist or pessimist? : a new problem concerning the teleological basis of commercial society
Ethnographers in the field : the psychology of research
Travels in West Africa : Congo Français, Corisco and Cameroons
Ten great economists : from Marx to Keynes
A.J. Sjögren : studies of the North
The tribal world of Verrier Elvin : an autobiography
How "natives" think : about captain Cook, for example
The dark side of humanity : the work of Robert Hertz and its legacy
The Routledge international encyclopedia of education
Extraordinary anthropology : transformations in the field
The Gumilev mystique : biopolitics, Eurasianism, and the construction of community in modern Russia
Ricardo's macroeconomics : money, trade cycles, and growth
Shamans and spirits : Kai Donner and northern ethnography
John Maynard Keynes. Vol. 2, The economist as savior 1920-1937
Erland Nordenskiöld (1877-1932) : a pathfinder of the Upper Amazonian archaeology
Stein Rokkan : statesman of the social sciences
Ethnology in Finland before 1920
Hugo Grotius in international thought
