http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p19872 bodybuilding
bodybuilding
Perspectives to doping substance use outside elite sports in Finland
The strength training anatomy workout
Action movie hero workouts : get super crime-fighter ripped
Kettlebell training for athletes : develop explosive power and strength for martial arts, football, basketball and other sports
Encyclopedia of muscle & strength
Strength training : the complete step-by-step guide to a stronger, sculpted body
Do you want to build awesome strength, power and athleticism? Do you want to do this without needing to go to the gym? Do you want a comprehensive manual to lead you there? If so, Complete Calisthenics is the book for you. Using solely their bodyweight for resistance and relying on minimal equipment, readers will learn how to perform a range of exercises, such as push-ups, pull-ups, core exercises, and lower body exercises. Read this book, and develop the strongest and most capable physique ever. Complete Calisthenics includes everything you need to know, such as; Step-by-step instructions with over 500 photographs to guide you through the exercises. Nutritional advice with simple-to-follow diet plans and sample diets. Program creation to suit your needs. Complete Calisthenics is the most detailed and comprehensive bodyweight exercise manual available on the market today. It is for anyone; male or female, beginner or advanced who is interested in building complete strength and taking their workouts and themselves to the next level.
Bodymakers : a cultural anatomy of women's body building
Effective strength training : analysis and technique for upper-body, lower-body, and trunk exercises
Men's health power training : build bigger, stronger muscles through performance-based conditioning
The Men's Health hard-body plan : the ultimate 12-week program for burning fat and building muscle : featuring the hard-body diet and the revolutionary new quick-set path to power
The body sculpting bible for men : featuring the 14-day body sculpting workout : the ultimate fat loss/muscle gain program for the ultimate physique
Strenght training anatomy
God's gym : divine male bodies of the Bible
Go inside exercises, stretches, and workouts to see how muscles interact with surrounding joints and skeletal structures, and how variations, progressions, and sequencing can affect muscle recruitment, the underlying structures, and ultimately the results.
ABS Revealed
LL Cool J's platinum 360 diet and lifestyle : a full-circle guide to developing your mind, body, and soul
Total recall : my unbelievably true life story
Powerlifting
A woman's guide to muscle and strength
The gym workout : body sculpting
Arnold's bodybuilding for men
Power to the people professional : how to add 100s of pounds to your squat, bench and deadlift with advanced Russian techniques
Body culture
The weight training handbook
Body studies : an introduction
Universal hunks : a pictorial history of muscular men around the world, 1895-1975
Consumer appeal in bodybuilding advertisements
Building strength & stamina
Body by science : a research-based program for strength training, body building, and complete fitness in 12 minutes a week
Modern gym fitness : the complete course
Body for life : 12 weeks to mental and physical strength
The perfectible body : the Western ideal of male physical development
The wedding workout
Serious strength training
The new encyclopedia of modern bodybuilding
Feminism and the female body : liberating the Amazon within
Basic weight training for men and women
Making the game
Superfit : Royce Gracie's ultimate martial arts fitness and nutrion guidde
"Deep inside every man desires the V-body. For the looks" : formations of masculinities in bodybuilding
This book investigates how power plays an important role in the uses, views, and shapes of the body—as well as how the body is invested with meaning. Body Studies provides a wealth of pedagogic features for ease of teaching and learning: ethnographic case studies, boxes covering contemporary controversies, news stories, and legislative issues, as well as chapter summaries, further reading recommendations, and key terms. This book will appeal to students and teachers of sociology, anthropology, cultural studies, women's studies, gender studies, and ethnic studies.
"ACSM's Health/Fitness Facility Standards and Guidelines" presents the current standards and guidelines that help health and fitness establishments provide high-quality service and programme offerings in a safe environment. This fourth edition includes new standards and guidelines for pre-activity screening, orientation, education and supervision. A key benefit to the new edition is that it will assist health and fitness facility managers, owners and staff in keeping to a standard of operation, client care and service that will assist members and users in caring for their health through safe and appropriate exercise experiences.
Body by you : the you are your own gym guide to total fitness for women
Women's strength training anatomy
You are your own gym : the bible of bodyweight exercises
Working out in Japan : shaping the female body in Tokyo fitness clubs
The strength training anatomy workout II
Weight training For dummies
The body sculpting bible : swimsuit workout
Encyclopedia of modern bodybuilding
Engineering the alpha : a real world guide to an unreal life
Kettlebells for sport, strength and fitness
Maximum fitness : the complete guide to cross training
Beyond brawn : the insider's encyclopedia on how to build muscle & might
Sandow on physical training : a study in the perfect type of the human form
This 52-week workout program encompasses all types of workout regimens for all types of exercisers. Beginners, advanced athletes, powerlifters, endurance athletes, teen athletes, people who wish to lose weight, people who wish to gain weight & so many others can benefit from the four programs outlined in this book.
ACSM's health/fitness facility standards and guidelines
Alpha male challenge : the 10-week plan to burn fat, gain muscle & build true alpha attitude
Fundamental weight training
Critical readings in bodybuilding
Complete calisthenics : the ultimate guide to bodyweight exercise
Kettlebells for dummies
Stack it! : the ultimate new strategy for mass!
In recent years the body has become one of the most popular areas of study in the arts, humanities and social sciences. Bodybuilding, in particular, continues to be of interest to scholars of gender, media, film, cultural studies and sociology. However, there is surprisingly little scholarship available on contemporary bodybuilding. Critical Readings in Bodybuilding is the first collection to address the contemporary practice of bodybuilding, especially the way in which the activity has become increasingly more extreme and to consider much neglected debates of gender, eroticism, and sexuality related to the activity. Featuring the leading scholars of bodybuilding and the body as well as emerging voices, this volume will be a key addition to the fields of Sociology, Sport Studies, and Cultural Studies.
Body by science : a research-based program for strength training, body building and complete fitness in 12 minutes a week
Weight training
Maximum strength : get your strongest body in 16 weeks with the ultimate weight-training program
The Official gladiators training programme
The Men's Health big book of exercises : four weeks to a leaner, stronger, more muscular you!
Strength training anatomy
Power factor training : a scientific approach to building lean muscle mass
Pumping iron : the art and sport of bodybuilding
Vegan bodybuilding &  fitness
The complete keys to progress
Arnold`s bodyshaping for women : a complete programme for a lifetime of fitness and beauty
Strength training  : the complete step-by-step guide to a stronger, sculpted body
Warrior cardio : the revolutionary metabolic training system for burning fat, building muscle, and getting fit
You are your own gym : the Bible of bodyweight exercises
Bodybuilding anatomy
Perfect body styling
Build muscle, lose fat, look great : everything you need to know to transform your body
Strength and conditioning : a concise introduction
101 ways to work out on the ball : sculpt your ideal body with Pilates, yoga and more
Robert Wolff's book of great workouts : everything you need to know to vary your routine and keep you motivated
The body sculpting bible for women : featuring the 14-day body sculpting workout
Get in the best shape of your life! : a complete guide to kettlebell exercises and kettlebell training
Presents a training guide to improving muscle strength and overall appearance, providing instructions for 125 exercises geared toward varying levels of fitness, and requiring only the resistance of one's own bodyweight.
