http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p19895 online processing
online processing
InCo : an interactive codesign framework for real-time embedded systems
Abstract.
Online territories : globalization, mediated practice, and social space
The revolution will not be downloaded : dissent in the digital age
Destination Maui? : online booking is no bed of roses
Online interviews in real time
Online information hunting
Writing at university : [a guide for students]
Creating growth through digitalisation : case Wärtsilä Online Services
Agility across time and space : implementing agile methods in global software projects
As digitalisation is expanding, the markets are being forced to change due to digital disruption. More and more business is conducted through digital channels forcing businesses to change the way they work and do business. Digitalisation creates opportunities to enter into new fields of business and to find new ways to create income. The present master's thesis was commissioned by Wärtsilä Online Services. Wärtsilä produces life cycle solutions for both energy and marine markets. Wärtsilä Services generates the largest share of the net sales and, in addition, is responsible for a big part of the growth expectations. Online Services is part of Wärtsilä Services digitalisation activities that are becoming more and more important in many different aspects. Services launched a new Online Services concept during the autumn of 2014 to support the growth, however, the possibilities Online Services provide for Wärtsilä in terms of data, are not yet exploited to the extent they could be. The objective of this study was to find ways to increase Wärtsilä Services sales leads and opportunities by utilising data acquired from Wärtsilä Online Services and thus create growth. In order to achieve the targets, a sales innovation workshop was organised to collect the primary data for the research. This qualitative study will mainly follow the principles of case study research, with some adaption of action research. The theoretical framework is based on digitalisation, with main focus on the affect it has on business models. As changing business model is an extensive process, the study presents business process reengineering as another alternative that can support the adaptation of digitalisation.The case study was formulated by applying the business model of Osterwalder and Pigneur (2010). First, an AS-IS analysis of Wärtsilä Online Services was done and then the results of the sales innovation workshop were analysed and, finally, a TO-BE model was formed. The final number of ideas received through the sales innovation workshop and as a pre-task for the workshop was 120. One of the ideas was tested in practice and resulted in leads. Considering the overall aim for the study, it can be concluded that the study reached its targets.
Timing analysis of message sequence charts
Investing online for dummies
Webcomics : tools and techniques for digital cartooning
Observations on member activities in an online community of interest
Decision tree models for investors' decision making in online peer-to-peer lending platform : a case study of Bondora company
Web history
Capture the user's voice : expectations of using onine platforms
Timing analysis of UML sequence diagrams
Efficient state space search for time Petri nets
Flexible pattern matching in strings : practical on-line search algorithms for texts and biological sequences
Selecting contractors using past performance on the virtual labour marketplace
The New Direct Marketing : how to implement a profit-driven database marketing strategy
Player authentication based on mouse and keyboard dynamics
Taking articulation work seriously : an activity theoretical approach
Online music buying behaviour : a study in Finland
