http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1987 invoicing
invoicing billing
Value of information logistics integration in digital business ecosystem
Implementation of electronic invoice handling : case Oy Autotank Ab
Hotel front office management
Users perceptions of Rondo 8 electronic invoice system : case: City of Porvoo
Electronic invoice archiving application
Prepaid charging in packet switched telecommunication services
PlanMill Cloud is an online, subscription-based B2B product which supports service-based companies' business processes such as project management, employee time reporting and customer billing. PlanMill recognized a need for more efficient generic automation within its infrastructure. With increasing demands, especially in northern Europe for businesses to use electronic invoicing there was urgency for an automated setup and configuration of PlanMill's online services with a reliable electronic invoicing operator.      As a part of the 14.1 Version release on 22.9.2011 PlanMill's goal was to completely automate the registration, settings, verification and enabling of electronic invoice sending (which includes printing and other services offered by the operators). The chosen operator was 'Maventa' – a locally based and emerging player in the e-Invoice market. The integration would take advantage of Maventa's comprehensive open API web service (Bravo version).      This report describes the architecture and explains the methods to be used. It then follows the requirements gathering, creation of user stories and corresponding Behaviour Driven Development models (BDD's), selection and requirements testing of the API methods and Maventa's class libraries with JSP tools, data mapping between to the two systems, and finally the refinement of the development BDD's into useful cross-browser test cases. Due to some resource restrictions and the version release deadline the project made some compromises for a less functional first-release of the feature.     An appropriate new UI would need to be designed to implement the BDD's within PlanMill's Java-based factory model architecture. The Java implementation was to be primarily undertaken by a senior developer utilizing the results of the JSP tests and in accordance to the BDD's. Any UI layer applied business rules would be handled by JavaScript and be the responsibility of the author.
Finvoice generating : a dynamic-link library generating Finvoice XML documents
Direct payments and personal budgets : putting personalisation into practice
Behavioural intention to adopt electronic invoicing in Nigerian companies
Introduction to electronic commerce
Electronic invoicing iniatives in Finland and in the European Union : taking the steps towards the real-time economy
Corporate payment transaction methods : case: Nordic Jetline Finland Oy
On-line billing of telecommunication services via GPRS access
Building integrated selling chain applications - different models of electronic invoice presentment and payment : case: Outokumpu Electrical Power & Components-business line
Current State Analysis and Process Harmonization for Miscellaneous Invoicing : UPM-Kymmene Oyj
Quality and billing in integrated services IP networks
Management of consumer behavior adaptation to green business innovation
Automatic salary & bill calculator
Abstract: Electronic invoice archiving application.
Accommodation operations : front office
Function description of charging in TRAM
OpusCapita journal : passion for financial management
SAP® security and risk management
Putting consumers' IT adoption in context : failed link between attitudes and behavior
A manual of hotel reception
Integration of Maventa electronic invoicing web service into PlanMill business application suite
Implementing SAP R/3 sales and distribution
Introduction To Accounts Payable : Minimani Yhtiöt Oy
Effective front office operations
OpusCapita journal : magazine for innovative finance executives
A survey of user experience regarding sales and recurring invoicing processes
A comparison of electronic invoicing solutions in the EU and the effects of the EU directives
Implementing SAP ERP sales & distribution
The Caterer and Hotelkeeper guide to money matters for hospitality managers
A study on outsourcing billing services in Finland
Electronic invoicing in Finland : attitudes towards electronic invoicing by financial managers in small- to mid-sized companies
Growth potential and expansion possibilities to Sweden: case: Basware Einvoices Oy
Adapting E-invoicing: Benefits, Challenges and Future Strategies to Overcome Challenges : A comparative case study of Finnish Companies
Developing a web application for storing and distributing e-invoices
Wireless Systems : Cellular, 3G, Mobile Data, Paging, Satellite, Broadcast and WLAN
Invoicing processes assessment and improvement plan in the financial department : case: Autobar Finland Oy
Automated purchase to pay process value modeling and comparative process speeds
Utilizing Customer Satisfaction Survey : case BEMIS Valkeakoski Oy
Workflow analysis of invoicing process for Mitta Oy
Electronic invoicing and the electronic handling of purchase invoices at Metso Drives Oy
Comparison of TCP and SCTP protocols in call detail record transfer
Electronic document archiving in Häme Polytechnic
Practical guide to sales and distribution in SAP ERP
Information, the people that use it, the tool that stores it, the E-tool that sends it & how to use and get the most from it
Electronic invoicing : case company: Best-Hall Oy
Finvoice Generating : A Dynamic-link library generating Finvoice XML documents
Project towards automatic invoicing : Case: Metso Minerals Inc.
User guide for charging, CME 20
E-invoice adoption in organizations
Payment habits and trends in the changing e-landscape 2010+
Check-in, check-out : managing hotel operations
Management of sports development
Electronic invoicing as a platform for exchanging accounting information : the electronic accounting reference concept
How electronic invoice circulation has improved the availability and transparency of information and reduced costs at Finnair
Business process modelling : Case: Invoicing process model in the Finnish paper converting company
Development analysis for eletronic invoicing : purchasing department of Sandvik Mining and Construction Oy Turku
Development of the cost-efficient reporting process for VTP Oy
Interpretation and application of council directive 2001/115/EC : current situation in companies int the Pirkanmaa region
Front office operations
Developing orientation in the invoicing department and producing a work instruction manual : Case: Shared Service Centre
This thesis was commissioned by the purchasing department of Sandvik Mining and Construction Oy, Turku to clarify the present state of electronic invoicing and to find suggestions for development. Some of the classified material was revised for publication. The focus was on numerical statistics of invoicing information to execute a development project's pre-research stage. Tampere site was used for benchmarking. The literary researches about electronic invoicing and supplier relationship management supported the practical examinations done for the client company. The practical research examined the invoicing figures in both sites and compared each other. A supplier questionnaire about electronic invoicing was made to explain the actual experiences of the suppliers about the challenges and benefits from e-invoicing actions with Sandvik. Later the practical research exploited the Pareto-analysis for categorizing the supplier base. The work included a creation of a process flow chart to understand the actual process flow at the moment and instructions about e-invoicing implementation for suppliers for future needs. There were also suggestions for future to eliminate the high level of errors in e-invoices because a development project is not efficient for a process that is primarily working only partially. The actual results were gained from the calculations about possible savings. It was discovered that even a small amount of certain suppliers would create a significant amount of monetary savings when integrated into the electronic invoicing system. Finally, suggestions for future researches were made. They aim to continue this particular project in Sandvik or exploit this thesis work for some other company in the same development intentions. Another possibility would be to review this work's accuracy and reliability.
Introduction to e-commerce
Developing strategy and processes in electronic invoicing : case study
Prestudy of sales invoicing in Company BV
Abstract: The research question in this dissertation is: “To what extent does literature on the benefits of outsourcing billing match the information gained from companies in Finland and would these companies in fact benefit from outsourcing billing?” This dissertation will look at the disadvantages and advantages of outsourcing billing as they are expressed in the relevant academic literature and articles in the Finnish media. The purpose of the research question is to identify a literature gap that exists between the two sides, the academic literature and the case study, as the questions look at the differences and then compare which side is more right in the discussion or whether the both sides agree.
