http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1983 insects
insects
The pictorial encyclopedia of insects
The ecology of insect populations in theory and practice
Bug in a rug
Insects and wildlife : arthropods and their relationships with wild vertebrate animals
Seasonal change in defensive coloration in a shieldbug
Keys to the insects of the European part of the USSR. Vol. 4, Lepidoptera : part 2
Interspecific interactions and selection on secondary sexual characters in damselflies
Sperm competition and its evolutionary consequences in the insects
Insects in 30 seconds
Cost of reproduction in a seed beetle : a quantitative genetic perspective
The role of factors promoting genetic diversity within social insect colonies
Creepy crawly calypso
Rspb children's guide to nature watching
The fauna of India and the adjacent countries : Isoptera (Termites). Vol.2, (family termitidae)
Social insects : ecology and behavioural biology
A buzz in the meadow
Towards natural insect vision research
The Fauna of India and the adjacent countries : Chalcidoidea (Hymenoptera). part 2
Bibliography on the genetics of Drosophila. Part 3
Recognition and social behaviour in Formica ants
Insects : facts at your fingertips / roject editor Pallavi Singh
The very hungry caterpillar
Parasites and pathogens of insects. Volume 1, Parasites
A check list of British insects. Part 4, Hymenoptera
The effects of copper exposure on life-history traits in insects
The fly
Pests and diseases of sandalwood plants in nurseries and their management
De novo RNA sequencing enables transcriptome studies in non-model species : gene expression patterns involved in Drosophila montana reproductive diapause
The Fauna of India : Homoptera membracidae
Trophic interactions of invase forest herbivores and consequences for the resident ecosystem
Trees and forests : a colour guide : biology, pathology, propagation, silviculture, surgery, biomes, ecology, conservation
The fauna of India and the adjacent countries : Dermaptera. Part 1, Superfamily : pygidicranoidea
The world of insect life
Eco-physiological aspects of adaptation to seasonal environments : the latitudinal range expansion of the Colorado potato beetle across Europe
Distribution, abundance and species richness of butterflies and myrmecophilous beetles
The insect guide : orders and major families of North American insects
The Usborne outdoor book
Impacts of climate change on range expansion by the mountain pine beetle
Insect hormones
Journal of neuropterology
Swede midge (Contarinia nasturtii Kieffer) (Dipteria, Cecidomyidae) : Investigations on biology, symptoms of attack and effects on yield
Hive : a game buzzing with possibilities
Amazing animals of the world : past and present
Evolution of insect life histories in relation to time constraints in seasonal environments : polymorphism and clinal variation
A monograph of oriental Cicadidæ. Part 1
Invasive insects in Europe : the role of climate change and global trade
Immunological priming in the wood tiger moth (Parasemia plantaginis)
The big bug search
Brilliant bugs : everything you never knew about the world of insects
This book (28 chapters), which is the 17th volume in the Crop Production Science in Horticulture Series (18 volumes that focus on scientific principles underlying production practices for economically important horticultural crops from major production systems in temperate, subtropical and tropical climatic areas), summarizes the available information regarding the origin, taxonomy, breeding, physiology, agronomy, pathology (pests and diseases) and processing of cassava, sweet potato, yams and aroids (mainly Alocasia macrorrhiza, Amorphophallus campanulatus, Colocasia esculenta, Cyrtosperma merkusii and Xanthosoma sagittifolium). This book is for researchers, farmers, students and all stakeholders in developing countries, and for those who are working in international institutions.
Future ratboy and the invasion of the Nom Noms
Insects : the yearbook of agriculture 1952
Insect ecology
Catalogue of the Coleopterous insects of Madeira in the collection of the British Museum
Journey to the ants : a story of scientific exploration
Genetics of condition and sexual selection
Insect clocks
Taxonomy, distribution, biology and conservation status of Finnish Auchenorrhyncha (Hemiptera: Fulgoromorpha et Cicadomorpha)
Climate change and the risks of Neodiprion sertifer outbreaks on Scots pine
Evaluation of a separative rearing method of the mealworm beetle for protein production
Diseases and insects in forest nurseries : proceedings of the 5th Meeting of IUFRO Working Party S7.03.04, may 6-8, 2003, at Peechi, Kerala, India
Essential entomology : an order-by-order introduction
Call of Nature : the secret life of dung
Insects : a portrait of the animal world
Caterpillar to butterfly
Fauna of India and the adjacent countries : Dermaptera. part 2, superfamily: anisolaboidea
Primary insect types in the Illinois Natural History Survey Collection, exclusive of the Collembola and Thysanoptera
Bugs and spiders
BUSINESS PLAN FOR BOKE INSECT RESTAURANT
Population genetics, food-plant specialization, and local adaptation of insect herbivores living in a fragment landscape
Brilliant bugs
Explore the deadly world of bugs, snakes, spiders, crocodiles and hundreds of other amazing reptiles and insects : the dramatic lives and conflicts of the world's strangest creatures shown in 1500 amazing close-up photographs
Insect polymorphism : Symposia of the Royal Entomological Society of London: number one
Jalla : bulletin of the Finnish Expert group on Hemiptera
Inspector Hopper
Stop bugging me! : diversity in appearance of warning coloration
Beetle is shy
Tropical root and tuber crops : cassava, sweet potato, yams and aroids
Mutafukaz  : Dark meat city
Usborne Spotter's guide to nature
Plant-insect interactions on silver birch under a warming climate : a latitudinal translocation experiment
A mechanistic perspective of possible influences of climate change on defoliating insects in North America's boreal forests
Potential of plant products for the management of whiteflies in nurseries
Man in a world of insects
The semi-aquatic fly fauna (Diptera) of wetlands of the Åland Islands
Beetles and bugs : a touch-and-feel adventure
Herbivory among competing seedlings : effects on silver birch populations
Insect Protein Production - Possibilities in Finland
Life on the water surface : behaviour and evolution in semiaquatic insects
The very lonely firefly
Doug : the bug that went boing!
Bugs and slugs
Miss Spider's tea party
National Oak Gall Wasp Survey : mapping with parabiologists in Finland
"Just how slow does a snail go? Are bugs afraid of the dark? Why do ants march in a line? Find out the answers to these and many more bug questions inside. Play search and find in the pictures too. Will you spot all the bugs?... It's packed with facts about how different kinds of bugs eat, hunt and have babies in the wild"-- Back cover.
Estonian Additions to Silfverberg's „Enumeratio renovata Coleopterorum Fennoscandiae, Daniae et Baltiae“ Coleoptera Catalog
Insects as food and feed
Volatile organic compounds emitted from silver birch and European aspen in response to environmental stresses
Insects : a comprehensive illustrated guide to insects of Britain and Europe
Taxonomist's glossary of genitalia in insects
Insect life-cycle polymorphism : theory, evolution and ecological consequences for seasonality and diapause control
Beetle (Coleoptera) species new for Estonia found in Saaremaa island 2.
Adaptation of a generalist moth, Operophtera brumata, to host plants
The type material of I. C. Fabricius
VIII International Colloquium on Apterygota, Helsinki, Finland, 17-19 August, 1992
Green-tree retention and controlled burning in restoration and conservation of beetle diversity in boreal forests
The little brainwaves investigate... ; Animals
In vitro electrophysiology of photoreceptors of two nocturnal insect species, Periplaneta americana and Gryllus bimaculatus
A horrid factbook : Horrid Henry's bugs
Forest entomology
Hive. Carbon : a game buzzing with possibilities
The insect cookbook : food for a sustainable planet
Regulatory proteins and the regulation of immune response in Drosophila melanogaster
Biology of chrysopidae
The genus Cricotopus v.d.Wulp (Dipt., Chironomidae) in the running waters of the Sompio area, northern Finland
Mad about minibeasts!
Forest entomology in West Tropical Africa : forest insects of Ghana
Psychids as major pests of nursery plants of Rhizophora mucronata, an important mangrove species along the West Coast
Purification and characterization of the mda-7 tumor suppressor protein expressed in insect cells
Insect detective
Insects and minibeasts
A manual of the study of insects
Drosophila
A check list of British insects. Part 3, Coleoptera and Strepsiptera
Here comes the poo bus!
Nursery pest problems on some native tree species in Kerala province, India
Environmental factors modulating cold tolerance, gene expression and metabolism in Drosophila montana
Climate change and range shifts in two insect defoliators : gypsy moth and nun moth : a model study
Call of nature : the secret life of dung
Rearing codling moth for the sterile insect technique
Bugs in the garden
Fauna of India and the adjacent countries : Hymenoptera : scoliidae
The biomechanics of insect flight : form, function, evolution
Insects at low temperature
Insects
Incredible insects! : eye-opening photos of amazing bugs
Winter ecology of a female White-Backed Woodpecker Dendrocopos leucotos (Bechstein)
The big book of bugs
Abstract (kuvailulehti): Taxonomy, distribution, biology and conservation status of Finnish Auchenorrhyncha (Hemiptera: Fulgoromorpha et Cicadomorpha).
Effects of Heavy Metal Pollution and Host Plant Leaf Chemistry on the Immune Defense and Life History Traits of an Insect Herbivore
When lonely Miss Spider tries to host a tea party, the other bugs refuse to come for fear of being eaten!
The encyclopedia of animals : a complete visual guide
Studies on the population ecology of Leucorrhinia dubia v.d. Lind. (Odon., Libellulidae)
Insect optomotor experiments in the dark using virtual reality
Insect museum : describing 114 species of insects and other arthropods, including their natural history and environment
The pocket guide to insects of the northern hemisphere
Ant-man : Season one
Summary.
Mini Beasts
Insects and forests : the role and diversity of insects in the forest environment
What's it like to be... a bee?
"Journey through the digestive systems of humans, farm and wild animals, and meet some of nature’s ultimate recyclers as they eat, breed in and compete for dung. The fall of bodily waste onto the ground is the start of a race against the clock as a multitude of dung-feeders and scavengers consume this rich food source. From the enigmatic dung-rolling beetles to bat guano and giant elephant droppings, dung creates a miniature ecosystem to be explored by the aspiring dung watcher. The author completes the book with an identification guide to dung itself, so that you can identify the animal that left it behind. Pellets or pats? Scats, spraints, frass, guano, spoor – learn your way around different species’ droppings. There’s also a dung-feeder’s identification guide that includes the species you’re most likely to encounter on an exploration of the dung heap."
Checklist of Finnish Lepidoptera = Suomen perhosten luettelo
The love bugs
Insect fact and folklore
An introduction to the study of insects
Biogeography, landscapes, ecosystems and species of Zaonezhye Peninsula, in Lake Onega, Russian Karelia
Seasonal occurrence of Lygus bugs on field crops in Finland
Consequences of pollution-related carotenoid limitation in birds
Beetles and bugs
Extraordinary bugs
Twist and hop, minibeast bop!
Evolutionary genetics of immunity and infection in social insects
The origin of biodiversity in insects : phylogenetic tests of evolutionary scenarios
Emulation of natural disturbances and the maintenance of biodiversity in managed boreal forests : the effects of prescribed fire and retention forestry on insect assemblages
The fauna of India and adjacent countries : Isoptera (Termites). Vol.1
The very hungry caterpillar sound book
European bird cherry (Prunus padus Linneaus) : a biodiverse wild plant for horticulture
Joke book : [hilarious jokes straight from the bin!]
Panorama of home sweet 43,5 m2
Boreal populations facing climatic and habitat changes
Wicked bugs : the louse that conquered Napoleon’s army & other diabolical insects
Multimedia bugs : the complete interactive guide to insects
"The forests of West Africa are complex, beautiful and under continued threat of over exploitation. This monograph, in its second edition, remains the only comprehensive source of information on economically important forest insects in West Africa. Many pest insects discussed in this book have the potential to greatly alter the utilization of these valuable tropical forests. Several key pests such as mahogany shoot borer, odum gallfly and pests of endangered tree species like Pericopsis, are extensively discussed. This comprehensive treatise of insects includes information on the general forest cover types and insects of utilitarian value. The book will be a great value to foresters, forest entomologists, researchers, conservation biologists and others with a basic biological interest in West Africa forests"--P. [4] of cover.
Bugs : and other terrifying tiny creatures : expert guide
Bugs at Christmas
Spatial ecology of food webs : herbivore-parasitoid communities on the pedunculate oak
Bugs : 300 fantastic facts
A metabolic study of insect cells in batch and continuous culture : application of chemostat and turbidostat to the production of recombinant proteins
