http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p19879 Orff approach
Orff approach
Orff-Institute : year-book 1962 'At the Mozarteum academy Salzburg'
Orff and Kodaly : adapted for the elementary school
Orff Schulwerk: brief history, description, and issues in global dispersal
Music for children : Orff-Schulwerk American edition. Volume 2, Primary
A rhyme in time : rhythm, speech activities and improvisation for the classroom
In this supplement to his much-acclaimed Now's the time : teaching jazz to all ages", music educator Doug Goodkin continues his groundbreaking work in combining jazz education with dynamic pedagogy of Orff Schulwerk. Here he offers 35 new roots and jazz blues pieces tried and tested by children and adults. A must for every American music teacher.
To Orff or not to Orff? : Orff-Schulwerk and the challenges of the "new" multicultural music education
Blue is the sea : music, dance & visual arts
Play, sing, and dance : an introduction to Orff Schulwerk
Im Dialog = In dialogue : Elementare Musik- und Tanzpedagogik in Interdisziplinären Kontext = elementar music and dance education in interdisciplinary context
Accent on Orff : an introductory approach
This resource unites the Orff approach with beginning jazz education and offers 32 notated arrangements and 34 games and exercises. Games, songs, speech pieces, body percussion, and movement activities are included for children between the ages of 3 to 14, but this resource could be used with beginners of all ages. Roots music, jazz blues, jazz standards, and jazz compositions incorporate the use of Orff instruments and other types of ensembles. Key historical, cultural, and aesthetic backgrounds of jazz are presented, along with essential theory. Also included is a middle school jazz curriculum with sample student work.
Kodály and Orff music teaching techniques : history and present practice
Exploring Orff : a teacher's guide
Many seeds, different flowers : the music education legacy of Carl Orff
The Orff echo
Teaching music in the twenty-first century
Orff Schulwerk today : nurturing musical expression and understanding
Introduction to music for children : methodology, playing the instruments, suggestions for teachers
All blues : jazz for the Orff ensemble
Intery Mintery : nursery rhymes for body, voice and Orff Ensemble
Guidelines for Orff Schulwerk teacher training courses. Levels 1, 2, 3.
A description and analysis of an Orff-Schulwerk program of music education
Words to play by : 15 creative music lessons using the Orff approach
Orff-Schulwerk : applications for the classroom
Discovering Orff : a curriculum for music teachers
Key concepts in the Orff music therapy : definitions and examples
Musical growth and development : birth through six
Begegnungen : Berichte über die Aufnahme und Entwicklung von Anregungen des Orff-Schulwerks = reports about the acceptance and development of stimuli from Orff-Schulwerk
Orff re-echoes : selections from the Orff Echo and the supplements
Comparing Dalcroze, Orff and Kodály : choosing your approach to teaching music
Guidelines for Orff teachers. Level 1, Course outline
The eclectic curriculum in American music education : contributions of Dalcroze, Kodaly, and Orff
Now's the time : teaching jazz to all ages
Music for children = Schulwerk
Elementaria : first acquaintance with Orff-Schulwerk
The Eclectic Curriculum in American Music Education : Contributionbs of Dalcroze, Kodaly, and Orff
Zoltan Kodály and Carl Orff : implications for program development in elementary instrumental music education
Music for children : Orff-Schulwerk American edition. Volume 3, Upper elementary
