http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p19810 apple
apple
Chemical, enzymatic and physical characteristic of cloudy apple juices
Cyclopedia of hardy fruits
Green apple aphid : pest management program for apple series
The apple market in OECD countries
Apples : a book of recipes
Characterization of bacteria contaminating tissue cultures of apple rootstock "YP"
International Symposium on Effect of Preharvest and Postharvest Factors on Storage of Fruit : Warsaw, Poland 3-7 August, 1997
Herbicidförsök i äppleodling 1975-1979 = A trial with herbicides in an apple orchard 1975-1979
Apple packing
Helsingin viheralueiden koristeomenapuulajikkeita = Crabapple varieties in the green areas of Helsinki
Proceedings of the 1st International Symposium on Organic Apple and Pear : Wolfville, Canada, February 28 - March 2, 2006
CRC handbook of pest management in agriculture. Vol. 3
Ten apples up on top!
Cooperative marketing of apples in the United States
The illustrated world encyclopedia of apples : a comprehensive identification guide to over 400 varieties accompanied by 90 scrumptious recipes
Quality tests of early ripening apple cultivars
King Pom and the fox
eTourism case studies : management and marketing issues
Essentials of systematic pomology
Composition and quality of Gravenstein apples grown under different environments in Norway
Pests of cultivated plants in Finland in 1975
Hiihtämään helteellä! = Skiing in the heat wave!
Combined dehydration methods : from fresh fruit to high-quality ingredients
Sadonkorjuu : tutkittua puutarhatuotantoa 2003-2005 = Harvest : horticultural research results 2003-2005
Occurrence of phytoseiid mites (Acari: Phytoseiidae) on apple trees in Finland
Effect of CaCl2 sprays, heat, and combined CaCl2-heat treatments on the quality of apples (Malus domestica Borkh.)
Plant protoplasts and genetic engineering. 5
Enhancement of micropropagation of Lonicera and Malus by exogenous factors
SeOs Festival IETM ; Informal European Theatre Meeting
Practical fruit-growing
Time of blossoming in apple, cherry, and black currant as related to pre-bloom temperatures
In this study cloudy juices from six apple cultivars: 'Alwa', 'Fiesta', 'Gloster', 'Golden Delicious', 'Mutsu' and 'Pinova' were characterized in respect of polyphenols content by UPLC, PME (pectin methylesterase) activity, color, viscosity, and stability of turbidity. Apple cultivar affected significantly the chemical, enzymatic and physical properties of juices. Total quantitated polyphenols ranged from 686.63 mg l-1 ('Gloster') to 988.63 mg l-1 ('Alwa'), and polymeric proanthocyanidins were a dominant group of these compounds. All of products contained also high content of phenolic acids, mainly chlorogenic. The thermal treatment of juices did not cause a complete inactivation of pectin methylesterase. Taking into account the % of residual enzyme activity, the pasteurization was more efficient in the case of 'Fiesta' and 'Pinova' juices (13% and 14% of the initial activity, respectively). Examined juices were characterized by low values of a stable turbidity (18.07-37.75%), despite relatively high viscosity (2.40-9.60 mPas).
Flowering crabapples : the genus Malus
The silver bough
Taxonomic studies of the Bartramiaceae (Bryopsida)
Branching in young apple trees (Malus domestica Borkh.) in relation to irradiance and temperature
A is for apple : more than 200 recipes for eating, munching, and cooking with America's favorite fruit
Apple greats:  delicious apple recipes, the top 69 apple recipes
Agri-Food Quality II : quality management of fruits and vegetables
Phenolic composition and antioxidant activity of selected apple genotypes
Leaf and fruit macronutrient composition during the growth period of apples
Effects of storage and ripening temperatures on the storage = Kjølelagersopp i norske epler
Apples and robins
International Symposium on Integrating Canopy, Rootstocks and Environmental Physiology in Orchard Systems : Wenatchee, Washington, USA and Penticton, British Columbia, Canada, 17-25 July, 1996 : Vol. 1 & 2
Selected works
The effect of rootstock on apple tree bearing stability in a cooler climate
Proceedings of the XXVIII International Horticultural Congress on Science and Horticulture for People. Proceedings of the International Symposium on Postharvest Technology in the Global Market : Lisbon, Portugal, August 22-27, 2010
The apples of New York. Vol. 1
Fruit production and fruit breeding : proceedings of the international conference [September 12-13, 2000]
Apples : botany, production and uses
Little apple: a book of thanks
Effect of preharvest calcium treatments on postharvest quality of apples grown in Finland
Compendium of apple and pear diseases
The story of the apple
Domestic apple cultivars : sensory descriptions and consumer responses
A handbook of hardy fruits : more commonly grown in Great Britain. Apples and pears
Proceedings of the International Symposium on Apple Breeding for Scab Resistance : 14-16 September, 2000, Trento, Italy
Effect of preharvest calcium traetments on postharvest quality of apples grown in Finland
Biotechnology of perennial fruit crops
Sensory characteristics of 17 apple cultivars commonly grown in Finland were compared over three harvest years (2009-2011). Descriptive analysis with a trained panel (n = 11-14) comprised 17 attributes rated from 0 ('not at all') to 10 ('very'): four appearance (green, red, area of red colour, skin waxiness), three odour (intense, grassy, fruity), five  texture (hard, crispy, mealy, juicy, tough peel), and five flavour (intense, sour, sweet, astringent, diverse) attributes. Ratedintensities differed between the harvest years but their magnitude and direction of change varied according to the cultivar. Odour and flavour ratings tended to be higher in 2009 than in 2010 and 2011. The summer 2009 was fairly normal, while summer 2010 was hot and dry, and summer 2011  hot and humid. These climate may explain some of the differences between the first and the two subsequent years. Late season cultivars tended to be relatively stable against annual effects.
Training and pruning apple and pear trees
[Proceedings of the fourth] international symposium on replant problems : Budabest, Hungary 12-16 August, 1996
Can reflective ground cover enhance fruit quality and colouration?
The affects of pruning to budbreakage and shoot formation on 'Rajka' apple
Cider : making, using & enjoying sweet & hard cider
The effect of rootstock on apple yield, productivity and alternate bearing was investigated at the Institute of Horticulture, Lithuanian Research Centre for Agriculture and Forestry during a six-year period in a full bearing orchard. Apple cultivars 'Ligol' and 'Auksis' grafted on M.26 semi-dwarf rootstock; M.9, B.396, P 66, P 67 and Pure 1 dwarf rootstocks; and P 59, P 22, P 61, P 62 and PB.4 super-dwarf rootstocks were tested. Rootstock had a significant effect on apple tree growth, average yield and cumulative yield efficiency. Alternate apple bearing did not depend on rootstock vigour. Constant correlations between bearing regularity, average yield and cumulative yield efficiency were not established and differed on a cultivar or rootstock level. On the average of both tested cultivars, a more regular apple yield was recorded on Pure 1, P 59 and B.396 rootstocks. A significantly higher alternate bearing index was established on P 67, P 62 and M.9 rootstocks.
Effect of raw materials (currants and apples) on the processability and quality of Finnish country fruit wines
Using die-cut pages the story explores the shapes and colors of an apple tree through the passing of the seasons.
Apple preferences of Estonian consumers (n=336 in 2007 and 332 in2012) were determined regarding apple origin, production method and different quality attributes. The aim was to find out whether apple preferences of young people raised in a capitalistic system differ from older people raised in the Soviet Unionand also to determine if and how these preferences have changed over five years. The majority of the respondents preferred domestic apples (91% and 81% in 2007 and 2012, respectively), the main motivation being food safety: domestic apples were believed to contain fewer chemical residues. Apple taste was the most important quality attribute, followed by appearance which was rated equally important as health benefits and finally, price. Young people (<25 years) were significantly more indifferent towards apple origin compared to others. However, the preference for apple taste and colour was similar in all age groups. Over the five year period surveyed, the preference for domestic and organic apples had decreased, but taste and colour preference had remained unchanged.
Consumer preferences of apples in Estonia and changes in attitudes over five years
The fruit year book 1947 : number one
The apples of England
Growth, development and quality attributes of miniature golden apple fruit (Spondias cytherea Sonn). 2, Physicochemical and organoleptic attributes associated with ripening
Up-to-date fruit growing
Biocontrol of postharvest decay using a new strain of Pseudomonas syringae CPA-5 in different cultivars of pome fruits
Fire blight, which is an important disease of apples and pears, has never been detected in continental Finland. In this study the suitability of the Finnish climate for apple blossom blight infections by Erwinia amylovora was evaluated with the epidemiological model MaryblytTM. This was done in fourteen locations, and for two apple cultivars differing in flowering times. Climatic conditions were predicted to be suitable for blossom infections in 18 - 51% of the years, and the annual period of suitable conditions was predicted to last up to two to five days, depending on the location and apple cultivar. The suitable period was predicted to be longer in some locations in central Finland than in those in the southernmost parts of the country. Based on these results the official surveys that are carried out to confirm the absence of fire blight in Finland cannot be targeted only to some parts of the country.
Model-It : International Symposium on Applications of Modelling as an Innovative Technology in the Agri-Food Chain : 29 November - 2 December, Wageningen, Netherlands
Directory of apple cultivars
Taxonomic studies of the Bartramiaceae, Bryopsida
Consumer evaluation of scrab-resistant apple cultivars in Sweden
Effect of osmotic dehydration in fructose, sucrose and fructooligosaccharide solutions on the content of saccharides in plums and apples and their energy value
Climatic potential and risks for apple growing by 2040.
Apple fruit softening under controlled atmosphere : the potential role of cell wall enzymes
The suitability of Finnish climate for fire blight (Erwinia amylovora) epidemics on apple
Effect of inoculation with arbuscular mycorrhizas on rooting, weaning and subsequent growth of micropropagated Malus (L.) Moench
Progress in the breeding of hardy apples for the Canadian northwest
Second Workshop on Pome Fruit Quality : Bonn - Röttgen, Germany 24-26 November, 1996
Pathogenicity, morphology and genetic variation of Phytophthora cactorum from strawberry, apple, rhododendron, and silver birch
Phytoseiid mites (Acari: Gamasina) in Finnish apple plantations with reference to integrated control of phytophagous mites
External stimulation of anthocyanin biosynthesis in apple fruit
Reduction of patulin content in apple juice concentrate using activated carbon and its effects on several chemical constituents
Annual variation in sensory characteristics of seventeen apple cultivars
Factors in the marketing of home-produced apples in England and Wales
Population dynamics of Malus sylvestris stands in grazed and ungrazed, semi-natural grasslands and fragmented woodlands in Mols Bjerge, Danmark
Micropropagation of the Apple Rootstock M26 : the Swedish results from an European Cooperation Project, COST -87
Apples for twenty-first century
An apple harvest : recipes and orchard lore
One red apple
Report on the preparation of fruit for market : (Part 1: apples, pears, plums and strawberries)
Organic apple production : pest and disease management
Apples - a cookbook
Postharvest performance of apples grown in the Åland Islands 1993-1995 with reference to preharvest calcium treatments
Biology of apples and pears
International workshop on apple culture in the tropics and subtropics, Florianópolis - Brazil, 14-18 September, 1987
White apple leafhopper : pest management program for apple series
It might be an apple
Kulutuksen temppelit = Temples of consumerism
Fruits : growth, nutrition, and quality
The apples of New York. Vol. 2
The genetics of anthocyanin reddening in apple fruit skin
Nutritional status of apple orchards in the Åland Islands 1993-1995
