http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p19818 beagle
beagle
Preclinical evaluation of common markers and iohexol for the development of intestinal permeability tests in dogs : studies on laboratory Beagle dogs and Sprague-Dawley rats
Immobilization induced atrophic changes in articular cartilage of young beagle dogs : incomplete reversal after remobilization
Propofol modulates inner retina function in beagles
From so simple a beginning : the four great books of Charles Darwin
The beagle handbook
The voyage of the Beagle : Darwin's extraordinary adventure aboard FitzRoy's famous survey ship
The Voyage of the Beagle
The voyage of the Beagle
Charles Darwin's Beagle diary
The Beagle letters
HMS Beagle, survey ship extraordinary
Darwin and Henslow : the growth of an idea; letters 1831-1860
Darwin and the Beagle
The Oxford book of fantasy stories
Beagle:  your happy healthy pet
Journal of researches into the natural history and geology of the countries visited during the voyage round the world of H.M.S. Beagle : under the command of Captain Fitz Roy, R.N
The voyage of the Beagle : journal of researches into the natural history and geology of the countries visited during the voyage of HMS Beagle round the world, under the command of Captain Fitz Roy, RN
How do laboratory dogs of different breeds utilise an enriched housing with access to outdoor exercise?
Darwin's other islands
Ilyushin Il-28 Beagle : light attack bomber
Quantitative electroencephalographic findings in beagles anaesthetized with propofol
The voyage of a naturalist round the world in H.M.S. "Beagle"
Charles Darwin's voyage on HMS Beagle is a gripping adventure story, and a turning point in the making of the modern world. Brought together here in chronological order, the letters he wrote and received during his trip provide a first-hand account of a voyage of discovery that was as much personal as intellectual. We follow Darwin's adventures as he prepares for his travels, lands on his first tropical island, watches an earthquake level a city, and learns how to catch ostriches from a running horse. We witness slavery, political revolution, and epidemic disease, and share the otherworldly experience of landing on the Galapagos Islands and collecting specimens. His letters are counterpoised by replies from family and friends that record a comfortable, intimate world back in England. Original watercolours by the ship's artist, Conrad Martens, vividly bring to life Darwin's descriptions of his travels.
When humour becomes painful : Migros Museum für Gegenwartskunst, Zürich, August 27 - October 30, 2005 / editors: Heike Munder and Felicity Lunn
Evolutionary writings
Wilma Tenderfoot and the case of the frozen hearts
On the structure and distribution of coral reefs; : also geological observations on the volcanic islands and parts of South America visited during the voyage of H.M.S. Beagle, and a critical introd. to each work by John W. Judd
Wilma Tenderfoot and the case of the fatal phantom
Charles Darwin and the voyage of the Beagle
The voyage of the "Beagle"
Darwin in Scotland : Edinburgh, evolution and enlightenment
The beagle
