http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p19888 cabins (vehicles)
cabins (vehicles)
The Spirit of Britain enters service : safety and eco-friendliness in the English Channel
More drivers' cabins on MS Finnsailor
Finnish expertise talks in the cruise liner market
Improving cruise ship crew cabin design
The development of a modular cabin assembly process = [Modulaarisen hytin kokoonpanoprosessin kehittäminen]
Oasis of the Seas
Norwegian Epic: NCL's new wawe
Excursion targets of the Kellojärvi ultramafic complex in the Ensilä  (Ronkaperä) area
Conscience of glass : makers of artistic and artisanal glass in Finland : realities, vocation and relation with the industrial past
On the road : arte contemporânea finlandesa : Museu da Água, Lisboa, 1 de outubro a 13 de novembro de 2004 = Finnish contemporary art : Water musuem, Lisbon, 1 October - 13 November 2004 / Finnish Painters' Union ; [exhibition curator Merja Heino]
Truck chassis and cabin dynamic behaviour
"A cruise ship designer must think outside the box"
Concentrated experience prepares crane operators for reality
Yacht style : design and decor ideas from the world's finest yachts
SBA gets inside to create space
Comfortable cabins , heavenly beds
Seven doctoral theses in demography
The goals of this thesis were to improve the product quality and optimizing production process of a modular cabin unit, specifically in a project for a Brazilian EEP shipyard where ALMACO Group delivers a living quarter with modular cabins to a drillship. ALMACO does not have its own production facilities and the method is to subcontract all work and material from different vendors from all over the world. This creates challenges in both quality control and production efficiency because the work force and products differ from one project to another. To improve the production process it was taken closer to lean compatible series production rather than batch production. The thesis includes theoretical speculation of the production development, quality and modularity. The key element of the process development was consulting ALMACO staff of the difficulties in cabin production in the past projects so the difficulties could be avoided in the EEP project and also in the future projects. The best solutions from different projects were found and they were combined together to ensure better quality and more efficient production. As a result of the thesis a cabin assembly manual was devised. The manual needed to be specific enough to ensure the quality of the product in the EEP project but it also needed to be easily convertible for future projects. Essential for the assembly manual was to create simple and specific 3D images that describe different work phases. The 3D models were created by using other TUAS students as subvendors and part of the thesis was managing the 3D design project.
