http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1988 number theory
number theory
Euler and modern science
Basic number theory. André Weil
The Riemann hypothesis for function fields : Frobenius flow and shift operators
Non-vanishing of L-functions and applications
Algebraic theory of quadratic numbers
Kloosterman sums and Maass forms : Volume 1
Topics in analytic number theory
The joy of factoring
The whole truth about whole numbers : an elementary introduction to number theory
Dialogue in the crisis of representation : realism and antirealism in the context of the conversation between theologians and quantum physicists in Göttingen 1949-1961
Theory of numbers
" The issue includes papers concerning problems of pure and applied mathematics, some modern problems of functional analysis, function theory, algebra and number theory".
Elementary introduction to number theory
In this book, the editors have selected articles and notes which aid an understanding of number theory. The chapters cover arithmetic, primes, irrationality, sums of squares and polygonal numbers, Fibonacci numbers, number theoretic functions and elliptic curves, cubes, and Fermat's last theorem.
Symmetries in algebra and number theory (SANT) : proceedings of the Göttingen-Jerusalem conference held October 27-30, 2008 in Göttingen. Including contributions to the satellite conference "On the legitimacy of Hermann Weyl", held November 3-4, 2008
Computational number theory
Number theory : 73. annual meeting of the American mathematical society held at Houston, Tex., January 24 - January 28, 1967
Number theory for the millennium III
Modular forms and Fermat's Last Theorem
On generalized Fibonacci numbers and αp-wavelets of Haar
Class field theory : its centenary and prospect
Number theory : diophantine, computational and algebraic aspects : proceedings of the International Conference held in Eger, Hungary, July 29-August 2, 1996
Arithmetical similarities : prime decomposition and finite group theory
Algebra and number theory : an integrated approach
An introduction to algebraic number theory
This book is an introduction to analytic number theory suitable for beginning graduate students. It covers everything one expects in a first course in this field, such as growth of arithmetic functions, existence of primes in arithmetic progressions, and the Prime Number Theorem. But it also covers more challenging topics that might be used in a second course, such as the Siegel-Walfisz theorem, functional equations of L-functions, and the explicit formula of von Mangoldt. For students with an interest in Diophantine analysis, there is a chapter on the Circle Method and Waring's Problem. Those with an interest in algebraic number theory may find the chapter on the analytic theory of number fields of interest, with proofs of the Dirichlet unit theorem, the analytic class number formula, the functional equation of the Dedekind zeta function, and the Prime Ideal Theorem.
When does the modular distance induce a metric?
Number theory with applications
Those fascinating numbers
Discrete mathematics : elementary and beyond
Number theory for the millennium I
Analytic number theory
Handbook of number theory
"This easy-to-read book demonstrates how a simple geometric idea reveals fascinating connections and results in number theory, the mathematics of polyhedra, combinatorial geometry, and group theory. Using a systematic paper-folding procedure it is possible to construct a regular polygon with any number of sides as well as three-dimensional models known as polyhedra. This remarkable algorithm has led to interesting proofs of certain results in number theory, has been used to answer combinatorial questions involving partitions of space, and has enabled the authors to obtain the formula for the volume of a regular tetrahedron in around three steps, using nothing more complicated than basic arithmetic and the most elementary plane geometry. All of these ideas, and more, reveal the beauty of mathematics and the interconnectedness of its various branches"--
Elementary number theory and its applications
Class number parity
Unsolved problems in number theory : unsolved problems in intuitive mathematics vol.I
Fundamental number theory with applications
From zero to infinity : what makes numbers interesting
Introduction to number theory
Topics in number theory
[Pi] : a biography of the world's most mysterious number
A concise introduction to the theory of numbers
Elliptic curves, modular forms and cryptography : proceedings of the Advanced Instructional Workshop on Algebraic Number Theory
Elementary number theory with applications
Number theory and its applications : proceedings of a summer school at Bilkent University
An introduction to number theory
Autour des motifs : école d'été franco-asiatique de géométrie algébrique et de théorie des nombres = Asian-French summer school on algebraic geometry and number theory. Volume 2
Number theory : with computer applications
Algorithmic Number Theory : First International Symposium, ANTS-I, Ithaca, NY, USA, May 6-9, 1994 : proceedings
Collected papers of Trygve Nagell
Cogalois theory
The method of trigonometrical sums in the theory of numbers
Number theory for the millennium II
A mathematical tapestry : demonstrating the beautiful unity of mathematics
Proceedings of the Session in analytic number theory and Diophantine equations (Bonn January  . June 2002
An introduction to the geometry of numbers
Fearless symmetry : exposing the hidden patterns of numbers
Number theory in progress : proceedings of the International Conference on Number Theory organized by the Stefan Banach International Mathematical Center in honor of the 60th birthday of Andrzej Schinzel, Zakopane, Poland, June 30-July 9, 1997
Number theory for beginners
Cohomology of number fields
Ten lectures on the interface between analytic number theory and harmonic analysis
Numbers, information and complexity
Gauss and Jacobi sums
Introduction to the spectral theory of automorphic forms
The queen of mathematics : a historically motivated guide to number theory
Congruences for L-functions
Rewriting loss : melancholia, ethics, and aesthetics in selected works by Chuang Hua, Maxine Hong Kingston, and Fae Myenne Ng
Analytic number theory : an introductory course
L-functions and arithmetic : proceedings of the Durham Symposium, July 1989
Analytic number theory : exploring the anatomy of integers
Number theory : structures, examples, and problems
Biscuits of number theory
Families of automorphic forms
Handbook of number theory. 2
Introduction to arithmetical functions
Algebraic number theory
Additive number theory : the classical bases
Arithmetic theory of elliptic curves : lectures given at the 3rd session of the Centro Internazionale Matematico Estivo (C.I.M.E.) held in Cetraro, Italy, July 12-19, 1997
An introduction to the theory of numbers
Advances in number theory : the proceedings of the third Conference on the Canadian Number Theory Association on an Number Theory Association, August 18-24, 1991, The Queen's University at Kingston
Prime numbers : the most mysterious figures in math
Number theory was once famously labeled the queen of mathematics by Gauss. The multiplicative structure of the integers in particular deals with many fascinating problems some of which are easy to understand but very difficult to solve. In the past, a variety of very different techniques has been applied to further its understanding. Classical methods in analytic theory such as Mertens' theorem and Chebyshev's inequalities and the celebrated Prime Number Theorem give estimates for the distribution of prime numbers. Later on, multiplicative structure of integers leads to multiplicative arithmetical functions for which there are many important examples in number theory. Their theory involves the Dirichlet convolution product which arises with the inclusion of several summation techniques and a survey of classical results such as Hall and Tenenbaum's theorem and the Möbius Inversion Formula. Another topic is the counting integer points close to smooth curves and its relation to the distribution of squarefree numbers, which is rarely covered in existing texts. Final chapters focus on exponential sums and algebraic number fields. A number of exercises at varying levels are also included. Topics in Multiplicative Number Theory introduces offers a comprehensive introduction into these topics with an emphasis on analytic number theory. Since it requires very little technical expertise it will appeal to a wide target group including upper level undergraduates, doctoral and masters level students.
Collected papers of Trygve Nagell. Vol. 3
Number, shape, and symmetry : an introduction to number theory, geometry, and group theory
Collected papers of Trygve Nagell. Vol. 4
Elementary number theory
Pearls of discrete mathematics
Geometry of numbers
"This easy-to-read book demonstrates how a simple geometric idea reveals fascinating connections and results in number theory, the mathematics of polyhedra, combinatorial geometry, and group theory. Using a systematic paper-folding procedure it is possible to construct a regular polygon with any number of sides. This remarkable algorithm has led to interesting proofs of certain results in number theory, has been used to answer combinatorial questions involving partitions of space, and has enabled the authors to obtain the formula for the volume of a regular tetrahedron in around three steps, using nothing more complicated than basic arithmetic and the most elementary plane geometry. All of these ideas, and more, reveal the beauty of mathematics and the interconnectedness of its various branches. Detailed instructions, including clear illustrations, enable the reader to gain hands-on experience constructing these models and to discover for themselves the patterns and relationships they unearth"--
Class field theory : from theory to practice
104 number theory problems : from the training of the USA IMO team
Autour des motifs : École d'été franco-asiatique de géometrie algébrique et de théorie des nombres, Asian-French summer school on algebraic geometry and number theory
Elementary number theory, cryptography and codes
Elementary theory of numbers
Error-correcting codes and finite fields
Summary: This books gives an introduction to discrete mathematics for beginning undergraduates. One of original features of this book is that it begins with a presentation of the rules of logic as used in mathematics. Many examples of formal and informal proofs are given. With this logical framework firmly in place, the book describes the major axioms of set theory and introduces the natural numbers. The rest of the book is more standard. It deals with functions and relations, directed and undirected graphs, and an introduction to combinatorics. There is a section on public key cryptography and RSA, with complete proofs of Fermat's little theorem and the correctness of the RSA scheme, as well as explicit algorithms to perform modular arithmetic. The last chapter provides more graph theory. Eulerian and Hamiltonian cycles are discussed. Then, we study flows and tensions and state and prove the max flow min-cut theorem. We also discuss matchings, covering, bipartite graphs.
Essays on the theory of numbers
On constructive interpretation of predicative mathematics
Primality testing and integer factorization in public-key cryptography
Group acting on hyperbolic space : harmonic analysis and number theory
Lectures on diophantine approximations. 1, g-adic numbers and Roth's theorem
A comprehensive course in number theory
Higher order Fourier analysis
Continued fractions with applications
Automorphic forms and representations
Arithmetic tales
Lectures on a method in the theory of exponential sums
The theory of numbers : a text and source book of problems
Discrete mathematics
Collected papers of Trygve Nagell. Vol. 2
From polynomials to sums of squares
Knots and primes : an introduction to arithmetic topology
Introduction to analytic and probabilistic number theory
Moscow Journal of Combinatorics and Number Theory
Algorithmic Number Theory : Second International Symposium, ANTS-II, Talence, France, May 18-23, 1996 : proceedings
Poincaré's legacies : pages from year two of a mathematical blog. Part 1
Local fields and their extensions
Analytic elements in p-adic analysis
Basic number theory
Geometry and integrable models : proceedings of the workshop, Dubna, Russia, 4-8 October 1994
Development of elliptic functions according to Ramanujan
Conjectures in arithmetic algebraic geometry : a survey
Triangular arrays with applications
Introduction to Number Theory is a classroom-tested, student-friendly text that covers a diverse array of number theory topics, from the ancient Euclidean algorithm for finding the greatest common divisor of two integers to recent developments such as cryptography, the theory of elliptic curves, and the negative solution of Hilbert's tenth problem. The authors illustrate the connections between number theory and other areas of mathematics, including algebra, analysis, and combinatorics. They also describe applications of number theory to real-world problems, such as congruences in the ISBN system, modular arithmetic and Euler's theorem in RSA encryption, and quadratic residues in the construction of tournaments. Ideal for a one- or two-semester undergraduate-level course, this Second Edition: Features a more flexible structure that offers a greater range of options for course design Adds new sections on the representations of integers and the Chinese remainder theorem Expands exercise sets to encompass a wider variety of problems, many of which relate number theory to fields outside of mathematics (e.g., music) Provides calculations for computational experimentation using SageMath, a free open-source mathematics software system, as well as Mathematica® and Maple™, online via a robust, author-maintained website Includes a solutions manual with qualifying course adoption.
Losing the plot : architecture and narrativity in fin-de siècle media cultures
Elliptic curves, modular forms & Fermat's last theorem : proceedings of a conference held in the Institute of Mathematics of the Chinese University of Hong Kong
Kenkichi Iwasawa collected papers. Vol. 1
Fibonacci and catalan numbers : an introduction
Number theory
Metric number theory
A course in computational number theory
A pathway into number theory
Algorithmic number theory. Volume 1, Efficient algorithms
Kenkichi Iwasawa collected papers. Vol. 2
A first course in abstract algebra
Number theory : a historical approach
Arithmetical functions : an introduction to elementary and analytic properties of arithmetic functions and to some of their almost-periodic properties
This book provides a self contained, thorough introduction to the analytic and probabilistic methods of number theory. The prerequisites being reduced to classical contents of undergraduate courses, it offers to students and young researchers a systematic and consistent account on the subject. It is also a convenient tool for professional mathematicians, who may use it for basic references concerning many fundamental topics.
Elements of the theory of numbers
A course in analytic number theory
Primes and programming : an introduction to number theory with computing
Kvant selecta : Algebra and analysis, I
Algebraic numbers and algebraic functions
Algebraic numbers
Primality testing for beginners
Introduction to cyclotomic fields
The unreasonable effectiveness of number theory
The Lerch zeta-function
Recent perspectives in random matrix theory and number theory
The theory of algebraic number fields
An introduction to diophantine approximation
School library : a tool for developing the school's operating culture
Elementary Number Theory teaches students about the role of number theory in pure mathematics and its important applications to cryptography and other areas. The first chapter of the book explains how to do proofs and includes a brief discussion of lemmas, propositions, theorems, and corollaries. The core of the text covers linear Diophantine equations; unique factorization; congruences; Fermat's, Euler's, and Wilson's theorems; order and primitive roots; and quadratic reciprocity. The authors also discuss numerous cryptographic topics, such as RSA and discrete logarithms, along with recent developments. The book offers many pedagogical features. The "check your understanding" problems scattered throughout the chapters assess whether students have learned essential information. At the end of every chapter, exercises reinforce an understanding of the material. Other exercises introduce new and interesting ideas while computer exercises reflect the kinds of explorations that number theorists often carry out in their research.
Some applications of modular forms
Algorithmic Number Theory : Third International Symposium, ANTS-III, Portland, Oregon, USA, June 21-25, 1998 : proceedings
School library: a tool for developing the school’s operating culture
