http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p19859 ancient times
ancient times
Warlock
Ancient Persia : from 550 BC to 650 AD
Ancient Mediterranean philosophy : an introduction
HISTRIA = CITY OF HISTRIA
The faded map : lost kingdoms of Scotland
Hilltop terrace sites of Oaxaca, Mexico : intensive surface survey at Guirún, El Palmillo and the Mitla Fortress
A puzzling day in the land of the pharaohs
Museum of antiquity : a description of ancient life: the employments, amusements, customs and habits, the cities, palaces, monuments and tombs, the literature and fine arts of 3000 years ago
The Cassell atlas of the classical world 500 BC - AD 600
Hannibal's legacy. Volume II : Rome and her neighbours after Hannibal's exit: the Hannibalic war's effects on Roman life
Relative chronologies in Old World archeology
A history of ancient mathematical astronomy
Studies in magical amulets, chiefly Graeco-Egyptian
The lost pharaohs : the romance of egyptian archaeology
Mummies : people from the past
Ramses. [3] : The battle of Kadesh / translated by Dorothy S. Blair
Archaic Egypt
Ancient Egypt - the glory of the Pharaohs
The Roman : the memoirs of Minutus Lausus Manilianus, who has won the insignia of a Triumph, who has the rank of Consul, who is chairman of the Priests' Collegium of the god Vespasian and a member of the Roman Senate
Magicians of the gods : the forgotten wisdom of Earth's lost civilisation
Kerkeosiris : an Egyptian village in the Ptolemaic period
Decoding Egyptian hieroglyphs
Fingerprints of the gods : the quest continues
Egypt : gods, myths and religion
The ancient Egyptians : a popular introduction to life in the Pyramid Age
Late antiquity : a very short introduction
The study of marble and other stones used in Antiquity : Asmosia III Athens : transactions of the 3rd international symposium of the Association for the Study of Marble..
Egyptian gods and myths
The tenth chamber
How would you survive as an ancient Egyptian
Zaroždenie istoriopisaniâ v obŝestvah Drevnosti i Srednevekov'â = The beginnings of historical writing in Ancient and Medieval societies
Ancient Egyptian materials & industries
The development of ancient Egyptian art : from 3200 to 1315B.C
A history of political theories. [1], Ancient and medieval
Technology in the time of ancient Egypt
Angkor : cities and temples
Ramses II : an illustrated biography
Gods of ancient Egypt
Classical Mythology
Essays on ancient history : a selection of articles and reviews
Etruscan painting
Authority and law in the ancient Orient
Women in antiquity
War and peace in the ancient world
Ages in chaos. Volume 1, From the Exodus to king Akhnaton
Encyclopedia of the ancient world
What she left behind
Masterpieces of ancient jewelry : exquisite objects from the cradle of civilization
The mountains of pharaoh : 2000 years of pyramid exploration
The Oxford illustrated prehistory of Europe
The dawn of African history
Rescued treasures of Egypt
Near the end of the last Ice Age, a giant comet caused a global cataclysm, wiping out Earth's earliest civilization, a second soon followed. But, there were survivors who settled at key locations Gobekli Tepe in Turkey, Giza, ancient Sumer, Mexico, Peru and across the Pacific. But, the comet that wrought such destruction may not be done yet. An astronomical message encoded at Gobekli Tepe, and in Egypt's Sphinx, warns that the 'Great Return' will occur in this time.
Arrest and movement : an essay on space and time in the representational art of the ancient Near East
The rise and fall of the classical world : 2500 BC-600 AD
The origins of Russia
Ancient Assyria : a very short introduction
Myths and civilization of the ancient Egyptians
Roman Britain and the English settlements
The conquest of civilization
Weapons of war : from axes to war hammers. Weapons from the age of hand-to-hand fighting
Step into the .. Inca world
Timelines of the ancient world
A history of Egypt : from the earliest times to the Persian conquest
The complete pyramids
100 facts on ancient Egypt
Lost cities : [50 discoveries in world archaeology]
Myths &​ legends of Ancient Egypt
Ramses : the temple of a million years
History of science, philosophy, and culture in Indian civilization. Volume 1, Part 4, A golden chain of civilizations : Indic, Iranic, Semitic and Hellenic up to c. 600 BC
Early Britain
Tools and weapons
The City of God. [Vol. I]
The rise and fall of Alexandria : birthplace of the modern mind
THE VISUAL DICTIONARY OF ANCIENT CIVILIZATIONS
Izzy Stone struggles to solve the mysteries surrounding her mentally ill mother and discover a place to truly call home.
Civilization before Greece and Rome
Chronologies in old world archaeology
Prophecy in ancient Israel
Studies in ancient technology : volume V
The book thief
Ancient history : key themes and approaches
The encyclopedia of ancient civilizations
Egypt-omania : our three thousand year obsession with the land of the Pharaohs
The buried giant : a novel
Epidemiologic studies on overweight and obesity in adolescents : the role of early-life risk factors, eating patterns and common genetic variants
Sasanian Persia : the rise and fall of an empire
Graeco-Roman Egypt
Larousse encyclopedia of ancient and medieval history
Ramses. [5] : Under the western acacia / translated by Dorothy Blair
Pharaoh's people : scenes from life in imperial Egypt
The ancient Near East : an anthology of texts and pictures
Encyclopedia of women in the ancient world
Hannibal's legacy. Volume I : Rome and her neighbours before Hannibal's entry: the Hannibalic war's effects on Roman life
Clothes of the ancient world
Book of souls
The Assyrians and the Babylonians : history and treasures of an ancient civilization
Kushan sculpture : images from early India
The warrior pharaohs
The private lives of the Pharaohs
The encyclopedia of the ancient world : how people lived in the stone age, ancient Egypt, ancient Greece & The Roman Empire
