http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p19826 inventors
inventors
The Templeton twins have an idea
The papers of Thomas A. Edison. Vol. 7, Losses and loyalties : April 1883-December 1884
Women invent : two centuries of discoveries that have shaped our world
Prodigal genius : the life of Nikola Tesla
They made our world : five centuries of great scientists and inventors
Tube : the invention of television
Doctor Proctor's fart powder
Electric universe : the shocking true story of electricity David Bodanis
The invention of everything else
Stitch Head
Leonardo da Vinci : the flights of the mind
Type : the secret history of letters
The papers of Thomas A. Edison. Vol. 5, Research to development at Menlo Park : January 1879-March 1881
Thomas A. Edison and the modernization of America
The bootiful game
Edison's alley
The telegraph : a history of Morse's invention and its predcessors in the United States
Leonardo the inventor
Innovation as a social process : Elihu Thomson and the rise of General Electric, 1870-1900
Wallace & Gromit : A pier too far
Technology's past. Vol. 2, More heroes of invention and innovation
Toys! : amazing stories behind some great inventions
Back to the future. Volume 1, Untold tales and alternate timelines
Benjamin Franklin, genius of kites, flights and voting rights
Steamboats come true : American inventors in action
The notebooks of Leonardo da Vinci. Volume I
The big ideas that changed the world
Avoid being on the first flying machine!
Edison's electric light : the art of invention
Elon Musk : how the billionaire ceo of SpaceX and Tesla is shaping our future
Thomas Alva Edison : inventor and entrepreneur
The invasion of the potty snatchers : the third epic novel by George Beard and Harold Hutchins
Passages from the life of a philosopher
Elon Musk : Tesla, SpaceX, and the quest for a fantastic future
Twenty inventors
They Laughed At Galileo
The man who knew too much : Alan Turing and the invention of the computer
The inventor of stereo : the life and works of Alan Dower Blumlein
Edison : inventing the century
Churchills Iceman :  the true story of Geoffrey Pyke : genius, fugnitive, spy
At the sign of the compass and quadrant : the life and times of Anthony Lamb
The nutshell studies of unexplained death : essays and photographs
Leonardo da Vinci : the rhythm of the world
Robots on strike! Sammy's underappreciated mechanical helpers cause chaos in the house! It's up to Sammy and his disabled sister Maddie to keep the peace until his inventor mom reveals her secret project ... and why it was worth the wait.
Cudweed's time machine
Wolf who rules
The thrilling adventures of Lovelace and Babbage : with interesting & curious anecdotes of celebrated and distinguished characters : fully illustrating a variety of instructive and amusing scenes; as performed within and without the remarkable difference engine : embellished with portraits and scientifick diagrams
The notebooks of Leonardo da Vinci. Volume II
Time-travel bath bomb
The Nobel Prize : the story of Alfred Nobel and the most famous prize in the world
Turing : pioneer of the information age
The Physicists
Extraordinary origins of everyday things
The Wright brothers : the dramatic story behind the legend
Steampunk rally
The blood-and-thunder adventure on Hurricane Peak
Tesla's attic
The bullet-catcher's daughter
100 greatest science discoveries of all time
The Wright brothers
Tesla : man out of time
Jonas Wenström and the three-phase system
Ottmar Mergenthaler : the man and his machine : a biographical appreciation of the inventor on his centennial
The Eureka method : how to think like an inventor
Mistress of science : the story of the remarkable Janet Taylor, pioneer of sea navigation
Alfred Kärcher : "a Württemberg inventor & entrepreneur" : exhibition catalogue 17.9.2009 - 7.2.2010
Bell : Alexander Graham Bell and the conquest of solitude
Discoveries and inventions that changes our world : the pioneers of modern science - what they did and why it matters
Copies in seconds : how a lone inventor and an unknown company created the biggest communication breakthrough since Gutenberg : Chester Carlson and the birth of the Xerox machine
Imagination : a droll history of inventors and inventions
Marconi : the man who networked the world
Tractors : a visual history
Passages from the life of a philosopher : the autobiography of Charles Babbage
The Americanization of Benjamin Franklin
Shooting stars : ten historical miniatures
Charles Batchelor; Edison's chief partner
Dead reckoning
The big ideas of Buster Bickles
30-second Leonardo da Vinci : his 50 greatest ideas and investions, each explained in half a minute
Ravé Mehta's The inventor : the story of Tesla
They changed the world : Edison-Tesla-Bell
Women iventors organizations
The incredible adventures of Professor Branestawm
The scientific 100 : a ranking of the most influential scientists, past and present
1001 inventions that changed the world
Makers : all kinds of people making amazing things in garages, basements, and backyards
Frank Einstein and the antimatter motor
Scientists, mathematicians, and inventors : lives and legacies : an encyclopedia of people who changed the world
The lunar men : five friends whose curiousity changed the world
Tesla : a portrait with masks : a novel
Wallace & Gromit in a grand day out
Famous brand names and their origins
New and improved ... : invertors and inventions that have changed the modern world
The future of innovation is no longer in the hands of the scientist, artist or designer working along. It is a creative, collective, humanist enterprise.
A pier too far
Evil inventions
Autobiography and selected writings
Leonardo da Vinci : flights of the mind
Thomas Alva Edison
Robot revolution
Frank Einstein and the electro-finger
Scientists and inventors
Elfhome
Nikola Tesla was a man forever misunderstood. From his boyhood in what is present-day Croatia, where his father, a Serbian Orthodox priest, dismissed his talents, to his tumultuous years in New York City, where his heated rivalry with Thomas Edison yielded triumphs and failures, Tesla was both demonized and lionized. Tesla captures the whirlwind years of the dawn of the electrical age, when his flair for showmanship kept him in the public eye. For every successful invention--the alternating current electrical system and wireless communication among them--there were hundreds of others. But what of the man behind the image? Vladimir Pištalo reveals the inner life of a man haunted by the loss of his older brother, a man who struggled with flashes of madness and brilliance whose mistrust of institutional support led him to financial ruin. Tesla: A Portrait with Masks is an impassioned account of a visionary whose influence is still felt today.
Alexander Popov, inventor of radio
Alfred Nobel : a biography
What a great idea! : inventions that changed the world
60 : innovators shaping our creative future
The cosmic inventor : Reginald Aubrey Fessenden (1866-1932)
Elizabethan instrument makers : the origins of the London trade in precision instrument making
Alexander Graham Bell : the life and times of the man who invented the telephone
Wallace & Gromit : the whippet vanishes
The monster machine
The papers of Thomas A. Edison. Vol. 6, Electrifying New York and abroad : April 1881-March 1883
LEONARDO THE INVENTOR and pioneer : Lorna Lewis
Wendel's Workshop
World of invention
Promoting innovative actions by legal means
Technology's past : America's industrial revolution and the people who delivered the goods
Encyclopedia of ideas that changed the world : the greatest discoveries and inventions of human history
The end of the world. Maybe
Nobel : the man and his prizes
James Watt
