http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p19863 disc jockeys
disc jockeys
Champion D.Js from Studio One
Your mom's favorite DJ
Soundz of freedom
F*** me I'm famous!: international. Vol. 2
Black History
Trance Atlantic. 2 : Atlanta Midwest Philadelphia Detroit Chicago San Francisco
The turntable DJ : DJ styles
Ten Commandments
Guns don't argue : the anthology '70-77
Speed Garage
Dread in a Babylon
DJing in a band
The kings of house
Turntable technique : the art of the DJ [2nd edition]
Dillanthology 3 : Dilla's productions
DJing for beginners : mastering, mixing, sequencing, beatmatching, and equalising
The world of DJs and the turntable culture
In search of sunrise. 6 : Ibiza / compiled and mixed by Tiësto
The boat that rocked
If deejay was your trade : The dreads at King Tubby's 1974-77
Hip hop family tree. [Book 2]
DJ clash : 3 the hard way
If deejay was your trade : the dreads at King Tubby's 1974-1977
The DJ's guide to scratching
Hip hop family tree. [Book 4], [1984-1985]
DJing for dummies
How to dvj : a digital dj masterclass
The Loa Project. Vol. II
The Upsetter compact set
Red black and blue : some remixes by DJ Mehdi
Natty universal dread : 1973-1979
Kill them with it
Secret diary
Gatecrasher : Christopher Lawrence live in Moscow
Touching bass
Keep on coming through the door... : Jamaican deejay music 1969-1973
DJ mixing and remixing
Manifestation
Rougher
Screaming target
On the wheels of solid steel
Everything you need to know about DJing and success : Danny Rampling shares his 20 years' experience at the top
The DJ sales and marketing handbook : how to make big profits as a disc jockey
What a Bam Bam! : Women in Reggae : Dancehall Queens
How to DJ (properly) : the art and science of playing records
Music for the mature B-boy
Adventures on the wheels of steel : the rise of the superstar DJs
DJing with CDs
The Beat assassinated
The hits just keep on coming : the history of Top 40 radio
Volume 5 : Facts of life
Watch the ride : TC
Weekender : music from the motion picture and further inspiration
How to DJ : the insider's guide to success on the decks
Rebel music : An anthology of reggae music
Pave the way
Techno : the rough guide
Jingles. No. 1
Two studies investigating the value of DJing for contemporary music education
The Lost Album : Right Time Rockers
A DJ is an artist too
Disco crash
A double Helping of Jah Lloyd and King Tubby
F*** Me I'm Famous! international
High explosion : DJ sounds from 1970 to 1976
The dj's guide to scratching : featuring P-Love
Street knowledge
Turntable technique : the art of the DJ
How to be a disc jockey
Umkhonto We Sizwe : Spear of the Nation
