http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p19805 whaling
whaling
Petticoat whalers : whaling wives at sea, 1820-1920
Newfoundland and its untrodden ways
The captain's best mate : the journal of Mary Chipman Lawrence on the whaler Addison, 1856-1860
Harpoon in my hand
The whale and the supercomputer : on the Northern front of climate change
Celebrations of identity : multiple voices in American ritual performance
Dangerous work : diary of an Arctic adventure
Norwegian whaling in Newfoundland : the Aquaforte Station and the Ellefsen family, 1902-1908
"Whales: large, mysterious, intelligent -- and endangered. In 1986, a global moratorium on whaling was issued by the International Whaling Commission. However, that decision was not without controversy. Some countries, such as Norway, continue to whale in defiance of the ban. In this fascinating book, Peter Stoett combines ecological sensitivity with a hard assessment of the political realities of the international regime to examine this important issue. The International Politics of Whaling examines contemporary whaling issues with an emphasis on three factors: our knowledge of whales and current whale populations and the impact of whaling; the actors and institutions involved in the debate over whaling; and the ethical dimension. Reluctantly, he concludes that the current global moratorium on whaling is problematic and that we must focus instead on habitat preservation in order to protect whales more effectively." --Publisher's description.
No nation is an island : language, culture, and national identity in the Faroe Islands
The whalers
An account of the arctic regions : with a history and description of the northern whale-fishery
The cruise of the 'Cachalot' : round the world after sperm whales
Making Europe in Nordic contexts
The north water
Unveiling the whale : discourses on whales and whaling
The Arctic whaleman; : or, Winter in the Arctic Ocean : being a narrative of the wreck of the whale ship Citizen ... Together with a brief history of whaling
Adventures of sea
Antarctic challenges : historical and current perspektives on Otto Nordenskjöld's Antarctic Expedition : [symposium held in Göteborg 10-13 may 2001 on the occasion of the centenary of Otto Nordeskjöld's Antactric Expedition 1901 - 1903]
Moby-Dick or, the whale
Japan's whaling : the politics of culture in historical perspective
Death on Jan Mayen : a whaling tragedy of 1634.
The global environment and world politics
Whales, dolphins and porpoises in the economy and culture of peasant fishermen in Norway, Orkney, Shetland, Faeroe Islands and Iceland, ca 900-1900 AD, and Norse Greenland, ca 1000-1500 AD
Maritime history as global history
Hunting by indigenous peoples of charismatic mega-fauna : does human rights approach challenge the way hunting by indigenous peoples is regulated?
Whaling in Japan : power, politics, and diplomacy
Rough medicine : surgeons at sea in the age of sail
International whaling statistics
A reference book listing almost 600 whale ships employed in the Southern Fishery from Britain for the first forty years of that industry. A snapshots of the 'life histories' of each ship in terms of owners, masters and voyages is provided for this global trade.
Studies on the material culture of the Eskimo in West Greenland
Anthropological studies of whaling
Rush OH!
Local knowledge, sustainability and visionscapes in Greenland
When originally published this was the first comprehensive account in English of the history of Japanese whaling, showing how it has given rise to a particular culture. The volume discusses what happens when that culture is threatened. At the same time ...
The British whaling trade
Moby Dick or The white whale
International environmental law-making and diplomacy review 2008
The history of modern whaling
"Scientific whaling" : whither sanctions for non-compliance with international law?
Snowscapes, dreamscapes : Snowchange book on community voices of change
The law of the sea : progress and prospects
Inuit hunting traditions are rich in perceptions, practices and stories relating to animals and human beings. Laugrand and Oosten examine key figures such as the raven, an animal that has a central place in Inuit culture as a creator and a trickster, and qupirruit, a category consisting of insects and other small life forms.
Moby-Dick, or, the Whale
Turner's whaling pictures
Shamanism and traditional beliefs
A chronology of Antarctic exploration : a synopsis of events and activities from the earliest times until the International Polar Years, 2007-09
Endangered peoples of the Arctic : struggles to survive and thrive
Whales & nations : environmental diplomacy on the high seas
Arctic passage : the turbulent history of the land and people of the Bering Sea, 1697-1975
Beyond the frontiers of imperial Russia : from the memoirs of Otto W. Lindholm
Ultima Thule : Arctic explorations
In the heart of the sea : the tragedy of the whaleship Essex
"Whaling will never do for me" : the American whaleman in the nineteenth century
The international politics of whaling
Pilot whaling in the Faroe Islands : history - ethnography - symbol
Narwhal hunters of Greenland
Leviathan : or the whale
Strategies of coping with fright and risk onboard Norwegian fishing/whaling vessels
"Before commercial whaling was outlawed in the 1980s, diplomats, scientists, bureaucrats, environmentalists, and sometimes even whalers themselves had attempted to create an international regulatory framework that would allow for a sustainable whaling industry. In Whales and Nations, Kurkpatrick Dorsey tells the story of the international negotiation, scientific research, and industrial development behind these efforts--and their ultimate failure. Whales and Nations begins in the early twentieth century, when new technology revived the fading whaling industry and made whale hunting possible on an unprecedented scale. By the 1920s, declining whale populations prompted efforts to develop 'rational'--what today would be called sustainable--whaling practices. But even though almost everyone involved with commercial whaling knew that the industry was on an unsustainable path, Dorsey argues that powerful economic, political, and scientific forces made failure nearly inevitable. Based on a deep engagement with diplomatic history, Whales and Nations provides a unique perspective on the challenges facing international conservation projects. This history has profound implications for today's pressing questions of global environmental cooperation and sustainability. Kurkpatrick Dorsey is associate professor of history at the University of New Hampshire; 'This important book is essential for understanding the formation of the first global environmental agreements. It is valuable both as an argument about the failures of sustainability and as an authoritative guide to the people and issues behind the rise of global environmental awareness in the twentieth century'--Jacob Darwin Hamblin, author of Arming Mother Nature; 'Whales and Nations offers a fresh and timely look at the intersection of the twentieth-century whaling industry, international diplomacy, and science and is an important contribution to a topic that loomed very large in the environmental movement at a critical point in its development. It's also a great read'--Helen M. Rozwadowski, University of Connecticut, Avery Point; 'The international politics of whaling underwent seismic shifts over the course of the twentieth century, reflecting complex changes in attitudes toward marine mammals and environmental protection worldwide. This important story has never been better told than in Kurkpatrick Dorsey's new book, which is likely to be the standard work on this subject for a long time to come'--William Cronon"--
An alphabetical list of ships employed in the South Sea whale fishery from Britain : 1775-1815
Japanese whaling : end of an era?
Dutch whaling and its influence on Eskimo culture in Greenland
"She was a sister sailor" : the whaling journals of Mary Brewster 1845-1851
Dolphins & whales
The underwater archaeology of Red Bay : Basque shipbuilding and whaling in the 16th century
Moby Dick, or, The white whale
Monstrous fishes and the Mead-Dark Sea : whaling in the medieval North Atlantic
Captain Marooner
Indigenous use and management of marine resources
Captain Ahab had a wife : New England women & the whalefishery, 1720-1870
"Whaling has become one of the most controversial environmental issues. It is not that all whale species are at the brink of extinction, but that whales have become important symbols to both pro- and anti-whaling factions and can easily be appropriated as the common heritage of humankind. This book, the first of its kind, is therefore not about whales and whaling per se but about how people communicate about whales and whaling. It contributes to a better understanding and discussion of controversial environmental issues: Why and how are issues selected? How is knowledge on these issues produced and distributed by organizations and activists? And why do affluent countries like Japan and Norway still support whaling, which is of insignificant economic importance? Basing his analysis on fieldwork in Japan and Norway and at the International Whaling Commission, the author argues how an image of a "superwhale" has been constructed and how this image has replaced meat and oil as the important whale commodity. He concludes that the whaling issue provides an arena where NGOs and authorities on each side can unite, swapping political legitimacy and building personal relations that can be useful on issues where relations are less harmonious." -Provided by publisher.
An account of the Arctic regions with a history and description of the northern whale-fishery. Volume 2, The whale-fishery
Call me Ishmael
Hunters, predators and prey : Inuit perceptions of animals
The North water : a novel
