http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p19839 wooden structures
wooden structures
Advanced framing : techniques, troubleshooting & structural design
European timber constructions
Wood engineering and construction handbook
Neljän tuulen tuivertama : Sajos, saamelaiskulttuurikeskus, Inari = Beaten by the four winds : Sajos, Sami Cultural Centre, Inari
Eurocode 5 : puurakenteiden suunnittelu. Osa 2, Sillat. = Design of timber structures. Part 2, Bridges
A glossary of wood
Designers' guide to Eurocode 5 : design of timber buildings, EN 1995 -1-1
A method to model wood by using ABAQUS finite element software. Part 2, Application to dowel type connections
Is timber treatment always necessary? : an introduction for homeowners
The complete guide to decks : a step-by-step manual for building decks
Decorative fences
Experimental evidence for associational resistance against the European pine sawfly in mixed tree stands
Timber construction for trade, industry, administration : basics and projects
Thermal bridge comparison : thermal benefits of CLT
Interaction between science, technology and architecture in timber construction : proceedings of Culture 2000 project, Greek, Norwegian and Italian actions
Analysis of substitution in demand between sawnwood and other wood products in one-family houses in Norway
A study on the long-term durability of external wood claddings in Finland
Joints of glulam structures based on glued-in ribbed steel rods
Puupalkinto 1994 = Wood award 1994 = Holzpreis 1994.
A method to model wood by using ABAQUS finite element software. Part 1, Constitutive model and computational details
Seismic design of timber structures
Timber: Its identification and mechanical properties
Wooden houses : from log cabins to beach houses
Timber construction tomorrow
The garden floor : decorative groundwork to transform your garden
Timber construction : details, products, cases
Recognising wood rot and insect damage in buildings
Am stein [sic] : an intervention for enhancing the tourism in the alpine region
Wood in carbon efficient construction : tools, methods and applications
Sikojen koti sopii maisemaan : ideaalistandardisikala - diplomityö Tampereen teknillisen yliopiston arkkitehtuurin laitokselle = Landscape with pigs : ideal standard piggery - diploma thesis for the Department of Architecture at the University of Tampere
Reliability analysis of timber structures
The creep properties of Kerto-Laminated-Veneer-Lumber
Determinate structures : statics, strength, analysis, design
5th World Conference on Timber Engineering, August 17-20, 19, Montreux, Switzerland : proceedings. Volume 2
General Council Meeting. 43. Espoo, Finland, 27-31 August, 1989. Finnish contributions
Wood as a high-tech material
A wooden town is a contact town
Vibration performance of glued stressed skin LVL element
Wood drives creativity in house construction
Der Becker : shaped wood compendium
Modern practical stairbuilding and handrailing : for the use of workmen, builders, architects, and others
A new life with wood
Fit for Europe
New wood architecture
How wooden ships are built : a practical treatise on modern American wooden ship construction with a supplement on laying off wooden vessels
Puu murtaa jään = Breaking the ice with wood
Design of structural elements
Characterization of thermally modified wood by NMR spectroscopy : microstructure and moisture components
Hand in hand for more wood
Block tearing tests near balanced timber and nail capacities of nailed steel-to-timber joints
Condition management systems for wooden buildings
Wood : the future has just begun!
Living aspirations and holiday dreams
Panel infillings to timber-framed buildings
Timberframe : the art and craft of the post-and-beam home
Duration of load effect on curved glulam beams. Part 2, Long term load tests and analysis
Architectural woodwork : details for construction
Wood and colour
Timber in transport
Proceedings of the 12th ICOM-CC working group on wet organic archaeological materials conference
The specific pattern of the wood of Karelian birch (Betula pendula Roth var. carelica (Merckl.) Hӓmet-Ahti), is created mainly by dark-coloured inclusions of parenchyma tissue. Our study revealed that the greatest density of parenchyma inclusions in Karelian birch wood is observed above branch attachments to the trunk and below forks. In the place of branch attachment, phloem flows of photoassimilates (sucrose) from the branch and along the trunk merge into one pathway, causing a rise in sucrose content in tissues there. In the area below the fork, sucrose flows from two (or more) trunk axes are combined. Many studies have demonstrated that elevated sucrose level is associated with the differentiation of parenchyma. We believe that where large phloem fluxes merge a high level of sucrose promotes mass differentiation of parenchyma cells instead of fibers and vessels. As a result, the density of the figured pattern in the wood increases. The obtained data have a practical value and can be used in developing recommendations for Karelian birch cultivation..
The repair of wood windows
The thesis presents the brief and illustrative history of glued trusses and a new truss type developed by Tuomo Poutanen. It should also point out variety of different characteristics among them. The aim has been to create a comprehensive, yet easy-to-read brochure on the current situation of glued trusses. A large part of the work has been modeling the truss features three-dimensionally to obtain easily understandable figures. The use of glued wooden trusses commercially began in Germany in the 50's. The first viable product was DSB, which was based on the use of simple woodworking and was thus possible to produce in greater quantities. DSB got a competitor in the next decade, when PERI arrived in the market. The latter is still popular, especially as a casting mold structure in concrete construction. The Finnish people relied in wooden buildings firmly on nail plate trusses. Glued trusses were introduced to the domestic market, different so that the nail plates were replaced by glued veneer sheets. Two of these reached the commercial use the UI-truss and A-kapula. In the first truss diagonals on both sides were clamped between chords, as in the second plywood sheet is clutched on top of the connection point. These trusses have shown that glued joint has a good durability in Finland, both indoors and outdoors. The I-beam, the LVL-beam as well as doweled, bolted and nail plate attached wooden trusses are competing with glued wooden trusses and therefore are included in the thesis. The I-beam and LVL-beam differ from glued wooden trusses, above all, in material, dimensions and possible places for openings. Metallic binders need to be more precisely designed for achieving desired joint strength. These additional parts are also raising the price of the final product more than glue. Poutanen introduced a glued timber truss based on the finger joint to provide a stiff joint. Examining the uses of the truss Poutanen discovered other accessible advantages plausible for trusses such as reliable joints, flexible support options, more placement options for openings, better joint aesthetics, the robust truss manufacturing on the same production line as lighter ones. Poutanen's truss is designed to reduce the use of material and to add more possible applications. Poutanen claims that the most common use for this truss should be intermediate floor structure considering the lightness and opening placement possibilities.
Influence of silvicultural regime on wood structure characteristics and mechanical properties of clear wood in Pinus sylvestris
Historic Wisconsin buildings : a survey in pioneer architecture 1835-1870
The garden floor
Timber in construction
Decay mechanisms of brown-rot fungi
High-rises with views of the sea
LCA  of building frame structures : environmental impact over the life cycle of wooden and concrete frames
Probabilistic assessment of snow loading on flat timber roofs of low-rise buildings
Duration of load effect on curved glulam beams. Part 1, Short term reference tests
Timber is a fantastic material
IABSE Conference Lahti 2001 : innovative wooden structures and bridges
Curved and cambered glulam beams. Part 1, Short term load tests
Wood and wood joints : building traditions of Europe and Japan
Photosynthesis, CO2 and temperature : an approach to analyse the constrains to acclimation of trees to increasing CO2 concentration
The greatest density of parenchyma inclusions in Karelian birch wood occurs at confluences of phloem flows
The Complete Guide To Windows & Doors : Step-by-Step Projects for Adding, Replacing & Repairing All Types of Windows and Doors
A continuum-mechanical derivation of the conservation equations for the pyrolysis and combustion of wood
Spirit of nature : the old and the new culture of building with wood
Duration of load effect on LVL beams. Part 2, Long term load tests under constant and cyclic humidity
Conservation of historic timber structures : an ecological approach
Timber engineering : practical design studies
Conservation guidelines. No. 11, Rising damp & timber decay
Glued timber trusses
Timber in the city : design and construction in mass timber
Eurokoodi 5 : puurakenteiden suunnittelu = Eurocode 5 : design of timber structures
Symbioses : timber in the material mix
The reconstruction of the wooden roof of the medieval church of Tyrvää
Lime-plastered timber structures in Finland : history, function and conservation
Surface treatment : cabinet maker achieves flattering finishing results with new abrasive technology
Building with timber in an urban context : cities grow up
The complete guide to decks
The structural conservation of panel paintings : proceedings of a symposium at the J. Paul Getty Museum , April 1995.
Abstract.
A timber framer's workshop : joinery, design & construction of traditional timber frames
The repair of timber frames and roofs
Aalto-paviljongin uusi elämä : Venetsian biennaalipaviljongin restaurointikorjaus = New life for Aalto pavilion : restauration of the Finnish pavilion at the Venice Biennale
Masterpieces in wood
Wooden facades
The timber-frame home
Timber building techniques in London c. 900-1400 : an archaeological study of waterfront installations and related material
5th World Conference on Timber Engineering, August 17-20, 1998, Montreux, Switzerland : proceedings. Volume 1
Dowelled Kerto-LVL truss : design instruction
Timber structures : glued laminated timber : strength classes and determination of characteristic values
Finnforest plywood handbook
Handbook of Finnish plywood
How to build wooden gates & picket fences : 100 classic designs
Hozon : architectural and urban conservation in Japan
Proceedings of the 8th World Conference on Timber Engineering : WCTE 2004 : Lahti, Finland, June 14-17, 2004.. Volume 1, Presentations held on Monday
Evowood - visuaalista vaihtelua = Evowood - for visual variation
Timberframe interiors
Wood fences & gates : plans, design & construction
Integrity and personality
The probability of moose damage at the stand level in southern Finland
Proceedings of the 8th World Conference on Timber Engineering : WCTE 2004 : Lahti, Finland, June 14-17, 2004.. Volume 2, Presentations held on Tuesday and Thursday
Results of the building physical measuremnts in Viikki project during construction and building introduction : building physical behaviour of wooden multi-storey buildings
Decks & Decking : 15 step-by-step projects : Quick and easy ideas to enhance your garden
Kerto-laminated veneer lumber truss
Outdoor wood works : with complete plans for ten projects
Wood in architecture
Holzleimbau = Laminated timber construction
Prevention of decay of wood in boats
The complete outdoor builder : from ors to walkways : 150 DIY projects
Healthy, ecological, sustainable
Design of wood structures : ASD
Semi-rigid behaviour of nail plate joints
Modelling of peeling failure in nailed steel-to-timber joints
Natural development of stand structure in peatland Scots pine following drainage : results based on long-term monitoring of permanent sample plots
A comparison of random binary tree generators
Application of fracture mechanics to timber structures RILEM state-of-the-art report
Long term creep tests on timber beams in heated and non-heated environments
Feeling well, living healthily?
Design of structural timber to Eurocode 5
Recording timber-framed buildings : an illustrated glossary
Design of Structural Elements : concrete, steelwork, masonry and timber designs to British Standards and Eurocodes
Luontorakennuksia = Building in the wilderness = Naturgebäude
Step-by-step deck projects
Long-term outlook for wood construction in Europe
Handbook of structural engineering
Round small-diameter timber for construction : final report of project FAIR CT 95-0091
Construction methods, materials, and techniques
Design of structural elements : concrete, steelwork, masonry and timber design to British standards and Eurocodes
Office and administration buildings
Charring of wood
Learning from the past - the durability of wooden claddings
Mechanisms affecting the structure and properties of heat-treated and high-temperature dried Norway spruce (Picea abies) wood
Ground level : Practical advice for garden surfaces using stone, brick, decking and planting
Building in wood : construction and details
Screw gluing Kerto-LVL structures with polyurethane
Form follows function
Structural wood design : : a practice-oriented approach using the ASD method
Earth roads : a practical manual for the provision of access for agricultural and forestry projects in developing countries
Eurocode 5 : puurakenteiden suunnittelu. Osa 1-2, Yleinen. Rakenteiden palomitoitus. = Design of timber structures. Part 1-2, General. Structural fire design
Proceedings of the 8th World Conference on Timber Engineering : WCTE 2004 : Lahti, Finland, June 14-17, 2004.. Volume 3, Presentations held on Wednesday and all posters
Wooden cladding boards in cyclic moisture conditions : studies of cupping, moisture distribution and swelling stress
Laminated logs for stylish homes
Design and construction of wood-framed buildings
Structural detailing in timber : a comparative study of international codes and practices
The influence of architects and structural engineers on timber in construction : perceptions and roles
Wooden garden structures : a complete guide
Log building construction manual
