http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p19812 romantic novels
romantic novels
Strong medicine
Table for five
Her father's sins
Always with love : a Billy and Sophie story
A courtesan's scandal
Before the summer rain
Touch of Madness
The kissing game
My lord immortality
Mixed blessings
The silent war
My husband next door
The bridges of Madison county : a novel
These tangled threads
What the duke doesn't know
The Duke's disaster
Maid to match
Taming Charlotte
Torment
The distance between us
Scarlet nights
First Impressions
I think I love you
When John Mason discovers that his fiancee's father has embezzled thousands of pounds from their mutual business, he's furious. When his betrothed, Miss Mary Chartley, flees, taking the money and all the evidence with her, he's outraged. He plans to bring the woman he once loved to account -- and he'll shed no tears when he does. But when he finds Mary, she's not living a life of luxury. Instead, she's serving as a companion in exchange for a pittance. The more he attempts to untangle the truth, the more he remembers why he first loved Mary...and how much he wishes he could do so again.
As high as the heavens
Evening class
The English patient
Thirst
Without a summer
Highland Spitfire
For all time
It's not summer without you
Jane Eyre
Enchanted
Lions and Liquorice
Deception. Book 2
Die once more : a die for me novella
The French Lieutenant's Woman
Sophia's secret
The innkeeper of Ivy Hill
What happened at midnight
Becoming Mary Mehan : two novels
The great Gatsby
Bed of roses
The bargain
A loving scoundrel
The husband list
The heavenly Italian ice cream shop
Married to the viscount
Point of retreat : a novel
Hotel on the corner of Bitter and Sweet : a novel
Children of Liberty
Sophie's got used to being the girlfriend of Billy Buskin, the biggest movie star in the world. Sort of. But when she and Billy take a trip to visit his family in Los Angeles, she quickly discovers she's totally unprepared for the chaos of Hollywood, the paparazzi and Billy's controlling mother. And when Billy extends his stay in LA, leaving Sophie to fly home to Rosefont Hill alone, it seems there's more than just miles between them. Now Sophie must decide if they can overcome their differences for good. Because not every love story lasts the distance . . .
Vanish : a firelight novel
The house of women
Me before you
Preparation for the next life
Sarah's child
The Hand That First Held Mine
A whole new light
In the shadow of blackbirds
A serving of scandal
The shoemaker's wife : a novel
The House by the sea
Country
P.S. I still love you
Rose daughter
If you could be mine : a novel
The dream thieves
Racing Savannah
Twilight and history
The Death of the heart
Never love a highlander
Luck be a lady
Nowhere near respectable
Hereafter : with bonus material
The lowland
Halfway to heaven
Dancing at midnight
The cake shop in the garden
Summer of love
Fates and furies
Passion for the game
The patchwork marriage
Grand passion
After the party
The way we were
The surgeon's lady
The lucky ones : a bright young things novel
Summer dreams
Die for me
Getting rid of bradley
Cruel beauty
The harrogate secret
Winter's tale
The summer of living dangerously
The truth about love
Nothing to lose
How to pursue a princess
This man and me
Rising tides
The statistical probability of love at first sight
The lifeblood of the village of Ivy Hill is its coaching inn, The Bell. When the innkeeper dies suddenly, his genteel wife, Jane, becomes the reluctant owner. With a large loan due, can Jane and her resentful mother-in-law, Thora, find a way to save the inn—and discover fresh hope for the future?
Witch Dance
The Gargoyle
Sundays at Tiffany's
Good earl hunting
Only beloved
Still life with bread crumbs
"From the New York Times bestselling author of The Dovekeepers and The Museum of Extraordinary Things: a forbidden love story set on the tropical island of St. Thomas about the extraordinary woman who gave birth to painter Camille Pissarro the Father of Impressionism"-- Provided by publisher
"Feisty Liza Jane Merriwether discovers that God is the ultimate Matchmaker when she moves to Little Hickman Creek, Kentucky, to become the new schoolteacher; she meets a widowed farmer who falls in love with her, but he has already sent for a mail-order bride"--Provided by publisher.
Wild mountain Thyme
The bondage of love
Cold-hearted rake
The lord and the wayward lady
The country escape
The House in Amalfi
Far from the madding crowd
The Jane Austen collection
Pride and Prejudice
All That Mullarkey
Only a promise
Every day
Shades of milk and honey
The girl in the gatehouse
Loving a lost lord
The secret of happy ever after
The versions of us
The beekeeper's daughter
From the day she arrives at the Biltmore, Tillie Reese is dazzled - by the riches of the Vanderbilts and by Mack Danvers, a mountain man turned footman. When Tillie is enlisted to help tame Mack's rugged behavior by tutoring him in proper servant etiquette, the resulting sparks threaten Tillie's efforts to be chosen as Edith Vanderbilt's lady's maid. After all, the one rule of the house is no romance below stairs. But the stakes rise even higher when Mack and Tillie become entangled in a cover-up at the town orphanage. They could both lose their jobs ... and their hearts.--Taken from backcover.
P.S. I love you
Rumour has it
The Paradise guest house : a novel
Lorna Doone : a romance of Exmoor
My former heart
The escape
Love, Always
Defiance. Book 1
To all the boys I've loved before
The one
Seven years to sin
Windflowers
Tears of the moon
Creature comforts
Sense and sensibility / with an introduction by Margaret Anne Doody and new notes by Claire Lamont
Heir to the duke
Afternoon tea at the Sunflower Cafe
Hidden : a firelight novel
Suspecting that there is more to Lord John Blackwood, a wounded war hero, than meets the eye, independent Lady Arabella Blydon determines to heal his shattered spirit, but nothing is as terrifying to his tormented heart than Arabella. She's intoxicating, infuriating - and she makes him want to live again.
Heroes are my weakness : a novel
Love hurts
Hold the dream
Americanah
Three little secrets
Mary Jo Putney's Lost lord bundle
The next always
The marriage of opposites : a novel based on the life of Rachel Pizzarro
Wuthering Heights
Going home
Out of hiding
If you could see me now
"Following God's leading, mail-order bride Sarah Woodward arrives in Little Hickman Creek, Kentucky, and enters into a marriage in name only with Rocky Callahan to help him raise his orphaned niece and nephew"--Provided by publisher.
A compromising position
Where Shadows Go
The love verb
Charlie St. Cloud
Reason and Romance
The heir
The convenient marriage
Blue Lily, Lily Blue
Long hot summer
Starcrossed
How to talk about love : reaching for the lost language of endearment
Pride and prejudice
Wuthering heights
In the Orchard, the Swallows
The sky is everywhere
Solar Heat
And then it happened
If I should die
