http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p19845 art history
art history
Scandinavian art
English art 1307-1461
Idea and form : studies in the history of art
A short book about art
Architectures of illusion : from motion pictures to navigable interactive enviroments
Development plan of a historical garden : Case study of Ámade- Bajzáth- Pappenheim Castle park in Iszkaszentgyörgy, Hungary
The end of early music : a period performer ́s history of music for the twenty-first century
This is a history of the representation of suicide from the ancient world to its decriminalization in the 20th century. After looking at instances of voluntary death in ancient Greece and the famous tale of the lovers Pyramus and Thisbe, Ron Brown moves on to discuss the contrast between the extraordinary absence of such figures in early Christianity and the proliferation of images of biblical suicides in the late Medieval era. He emphasizes how differing attitudes to suicide in the early modern world slowly merged together, and pays particular attention to the one-time chasm between so-called heroic suicide and the "crying crime" of self-destruction.
FNG Research
Modern artists in America. Ser. 1
Art and artists : drawing: painting: engrawing
The last days of new Paris
Advocating, Converting, and Torturing: Images of Jews (and Muslimized Pagans) in the Kalanti Altarpiece
Catalogue of the exhibition of japanese-style painting : important schools and their developments from May 12th to June 21st, 1953
Artists in the life of Charleston : through colony and state from restoration to reconstruction
Art in East and West : an introduction through comparisons
Wall paintings, workshops, and visual production in the Medieval Diocese of Turku from 1430 to 1540
A world history of art
Pre-Raphaelites
Jesuits and universities : artistic and ideological aspects of Baroque colleges of the Society of Jesus - examples of Genoa and Wrocław
Mithilan naistaiteilijat = Women artists of Mithila : seremoniallisia maalauksia muinaisesta kuningaskunnasta = ceremonial paintings from an Ancient Kingdom 16.10. - 8.11.1981
10 artworks that changed the World
The Oxford history of English art. 4, English art 1216-1307
History of the world in 1000 objects
A Surrealist bomb transfigures war-torn Paris into a phantasmagoric dreamscape, unleashing a race of nightmarish creatures.
From postwar to postmodern : art in Japan 1945-1989 : primary documents
Works of the old masters from the Dutch galleries
Arts in the Rumanian People's Republic
Deborah Kass : before and happily ever after
The styles of European art
Kaksi vuosisataa suomalaista kuvataidetta : taidesäätiö Meritan kokoelma : konststiftelsen Meritas samling = Two centuries of Finnish fine arts : art foundation Merita's collection = Två sekel av finländsk bildkonst
History of Western art
Art through the ages
Symmetries of culture : theory and practice of plane pattern analysis
Crete and early Greece : the prelude to Greek art
"In The Art of Suicide, Ron M. Brown explores the history of the representation of self-murder, beginning with ancient Greek scenes of the hero Ajax impaling himself on his sword and concluding with videos shot by the notorious American 'Dr. Death', Jack Kevorkian. While instances of voluntary death were common in the ancient world, such imagery was not a part of the Early Christian artistic repertoire, though representations of biblical suicides proliferated in the late Middle Ages. Paying particular attention to the one-time chasm between so-called heroic suicide and self-destruction as a 'crying crime', Brown shows how differing attitudes merged during the early modern period. By tracking the changes surrounding the perception of self-murder in the Romantic era, with its notions of the 'man of feeling' ready to hurl himself into the abyss over an unfinishable poem, it is possible to see how, after the First World War, attitudes towards suicide changed radically. In time, this led to its decriminalization. Today, when suicidal acts are widely regarded as either cries for help or expressions of a death-wish, Brown's sensitive study reminds us that the history of self-murder and of its delineation is neither simple nor straightforward."--BOOK JACKET.
Haitian art in the diaspora : a directory of Haitian artists living abroad
Men of art
The story of modern art
Divided dreamworlds? : the cultural Cold War in East and West
Locality, nation and the  primitive  - notions about the identities of late medieval non-professional wall painters in Finnish historiography from 1880 to 1940
The adventures of Jodelle
Art history for dummies
Nordic Committee for Art History
Memento Metropolis : bilaga till utställningskatalogen = supplement to the catalogue
Computers and the history of art. Volume 1 / Digital art history : a subject in transition
The nude : a study of ideal art
The Oxford history of English art. 5, English art 1307-1461
Dutch art today : graphic art
The story of art
Early Netherlandish paintings : rediscovery, reception and research
In the spirit of Uno Cygnaeus : pedagogical questions of today and tomorrow
The arts of Japan. Volume 2, Late Medieval to Modern
The Oxford history of English art. 9, English art 1714-1800
While the divide between capitalism and communism, embodied in the image of the Iron Curtain, seemed to be as wide and definitive as any cultural rift, Giles Scott-Smith, Joes Segal, and Peter Romijn have compiled a selection of essays on how culture contributed to the blurring of ideological boundaries between the East and the West. This important and diverse volume presents fascinating insights into the tensions, rivalries, and occasional cooperation between the two blocs, with essays that represent the cutting edge of Cold War Studies and analyze aesthetic preferences and cultural phenomena as various as interior design in East and West Germany; the Soviet stance on genetics; US cultural diplomacy during and after the Cold War; and the role of popular music as the universal cultural ambassador.An illuminating and wide-ranging survey of interrelated collective dreams from both sides of the Iron Curtain, Divided Dreamworlds? has a place on the bookshelf of any modern historian.
The rebirth of an image : transformation in the construction of meaning in painting : a case study of Diego Velázquez' and Francis Bacon's papal portraits of Innocent X
Japanismi Suomen vuosisadan vaihteen taiteessa = Japanism i finländsk konst vid sekelskiftet = Japonisme in Finnish art at the turn of the century
The book of art : a pictorial encyclopedia of painting, drawing and sculpture. 4, German and Spanish art to 1900
The book of art : a pictorial encyclopedia of painting, drawing, and sculpture. 4, German and Spanish art to 1900
This revised edition of Caruana's lively and comprehensive survey contains new illustrations and updated information covering the most recent developments in the field of Aboriginal art, which thrives in a variety of contexts - sacred and secular - and in wide range of media.
Medieval & Renaissance interiors in illuminated manuscripts
The Art of the Migration Period
Modern perspectives in Western art history : an anthology of twentieth-century writings on the visual arts
A glossary of catchwords of the Czech avant-garde : conceptions of aesthetics and the changing faces of art 1908-1958
Yale University Art Gallery Bulletin 1994 : an obsession with fortune. 1994
From its beginnings in the seventeenth century, the Baroque embraced the whole of Catholic Europe and infiltrated Protestant England, Orthodox Russia and even Muslim Turkey. Architecture, paintings, poetry, music, natural science and new forms of piety all have their places on the Baroque map. In this surprising reinterpretation of the Baroque, Robert Harbison offers new readings that stress its eccentric and tumultuous forms, in which a destablized sense of reality is often projected onto the viewer. This strange, subjectively inclined world is manifested in such bizarre phenomena as the small stuccoed universes of Giacomo Serpotta, the Sacred Mounts of Piedmont and the grimacing heads of F. X. Messerschmidt. Harbison explores the Baroque's metamorphoses into later styles, particularly the Rococo, and, in an unexpected twist, pursues the Baroque idea into the nineteenth and twentieth centuries, proposing provocative analyses of pastiches or imitations (in Der Rosenkavalier and the work of Aubrey Beardsley) or resemblances (deliberate or not) in Czech Cubism and Frank Gehry's architecture. "Reflections on Baroque" demonstrates that the Baroque impulse lives on in the twenty-first century imagination.
Introduction to art
The research presented in this volume is very recent, and the general approach is that of rethinking popular musicology: its purpose, its aims, and its methods. Contributors to the volume were asked to write something original and, at the same time, to provide an instructive example of a particular way of working and thinking. The essays have been written with a view to helping graduate students with research methodology and the application of relevant theoretical models. The team of contributors is an exceptionally strong one: it contains many of the pre-eminent academic figures involved in popular musicological research, and there is a spread of European, American, Asian, and Australasian scholars. The volume covers seven main themes: Film, Video and Multimedia; Technology and Studio Production; Gender and Sexuality; Identity and Ethnicity; Performance and Gesture; and, Reception and Scenes and The Music Industry and Globalization. "The Ashgate Research Companion" is designed to offer scholars and graduate students a comprehensive and authoritative state-of-the-art review of current research in a particular area. The companion's editor brings together a team of respected and experienced experts to write chapters on the key issues in their speciality, providing a comprehensive reference to the field.
Art  treasures of the world : an illustrated historia : painting, sculpture, architecture and ornament, from prehistoric timesto the twentieth century
The awakening artist : madness and spiritual awakening in art
Baroque : 1620-1800 : style in the age of magnificence
A history of art
The Faber gallery = Homage to venus
The Oxford history of western music
Catalogue of the exhibition of modern painting, Western and Japanese, from February 1st to April 15th, 1953
Nationalmusei målningssamling : nordiska konstnärers arbeten : beskrivande katalog = The pictures in the National Museum : a descriptive catalogue of the Northern schools
The sense of form in art : a comparative psychological study
Art across time
Chinese art history. Book one
State composers and the red courtiers : music, ideology, and politics in the Soviet 1930s
The long march of pop : art, music, and design 1930-1995
Ideal and disintegration : dynamics of the self and art at the fin-de-siècle
The World's great men of music
Meggs' history of graphic design
Chinese art
Heritage gardens : care, conservation and management
Art and society
The Ashgate research companion to popular musicology
Oceania and Australia : the art of the South Seas
Training days : the subway artists then and now
Indian art : essays
The witch in history : early modern and twentieth-century representations
The arts of man
Masterpieces of Soviet painting and sculpture
Arts of China. 2, Buddhist cave temples
The art of suicide
Marsyas : studies in the history of art vol. VI, 1950-1953
Art forgery : the history of a modern obsession
Cultural environments, art history, and dark heritage
Ikonien maailma = Ikonernas värld = The world of icons : Ateneum, 24.4.-31.5.1970
The brown decades : a study of the arts in America 1865-1895
A survey of the traditions of western music by one of the most prominent and provocative musicologists of our time, this book illuminates, through a representative sampling of masterworks, those themes, styles, and currents that give shape and direction to each musical age.
Taiteen kielet = Konstens språk = The languges of art
Jewish book art between Islam and Christianity : the decoration of Hebrew bibles in medieval Spain
Treasures of Art Nouveau : Through the collections of Anne-Marie Gillion Crowet
Scottish art : to the close of the nineteenth century
Ancient Norwegian Design : Pictures from the University Museum of National Antiquities, Oslo
Fabric of vision : dress and drapery in painting
Early medieval
Summary: The image of Pietism - a window to personal spirituality : the teachings of Johann Arndt as the basis of Pietist emblems.
The art of Islam
Dutch art and architecture 1600-1800
Images of rupture between East and West : the perception of Auschwitz and Hiroshima in Eastern European arts and media
Thai magic tattoos : the art and influence of Sak Yant
The illustrated horse
Masterpieces of Western art : a history of art in 900 individual studies from the Gothic to the present day
A world history of art : painting, sculpture, architecture, decorative arts
Modern art desserts : recipes for cakes, cookies, confections, and frozen treats based on iconic works of art
Impressions of the Sahara
The Irish : a treasury of art and literature
Mexico : A history in art
Storybook Helsinki and Beyond
Gardner's art through the ages
Japan : spirit and form
Russian art : from Scyths to Soviets
Explores the prevalence of art forgery in the Middle Ages, when the issue of false relics and miracles often arose. This title examines the work and attitude of modern master forgers including Eric Hebborn, Thomas Keating and Han van Meegeren, whose productions baffled the art world during their time.
From teachers into multiply skilled persons : how was art education implemented at a Finnish teacher training college in 1921-1970?
History of the world's art
A short history of Chinese art
The matter of art : materials, practices, cultural logics, c. 1250-1750
Art : a world history
Chinese art history. Book three
Following the flows of process : a new materialist account of contemporart art
Art history : the key concepts
A history of modern art : painting, sculpture, architecture
Simon Schama's power of art
A primer of modern art
A documentary history of art. Volume 1, The Middle Ages and the Renaissance
Art of Islam
Art of the western world
Studies of wooden churches in Finland : Josef Strzygowski and Lars Petterson
Witches & wicked bodies
Baltic journal of art history : official publication of the Chair of Art History of the University of Tartu
The secret language of churches & cathedrals : decoding the sacred symbolism of Christianity's holy buildings
A history of American art. Volumes 1 & 2
Understandign the value of arts & culture : the AHRC cultural value project
Art of China, Korea and Japan
The masterpieces of Holbein the younger
Garden history : philosophy and design 2000 BC - 2000 AD
Japanese art : a collector's guide
The book of art : a pictorial encyclopedia of painting, drawing, and sculpture. 9, Chinese and Japanese art
European art of the fifteenth century
Early Sámi visual artists : Western fine art meets Sámi culture
Uplifted spirits, earthbound machines : studies on artists and the dream of flight, 1900-1935
Art and civilization
Old Bulgarian art
The story of art : with 370 illustrations
Design literacy : understanding graphic design
The art of East Asia
Treasures of Swedish art : from prehistoric age to the 19th century
Chinese art & culture
Breakfast at Sotheby's : an A-Z of the art world
History of art : a survey of the major visual arts from the dawn of history to the present day
A history of far eastern art : 5th edition
What is art history
Scientific examination of art : modern techniques in conservation and analysis
The Praeger picture encyclopedia of art : a comprehensive survey of painting, sculpture, architecture and crafts, their methods, styles and technical terms, from the earliest times to the present day
History of art
Discovering the arts of Japan : a historical overview
The routledge dance studies reader
Chinese art history. Book two
Culture club : modern art, rock and roll, and other things your parents warned you about
Kairos : studies in art history and literature in honour of Professor Gunilla Akerstrom-Hougen
Illustrated history of landscape design
Imagining a new society : public painting as politics in postwar Finland
The art of Byzantium
Gothic cathedrals : a guide to the history, places, art, and symbolism
The arts of China
