http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p19935 Arab countries
Arab countries
Intimate selving in Arab families : gender, self, and identity
The decline of the Soviet Union and the transformation of the Middle East
Seven pillars of wisdom : a triumpf
Arab knowledge report
Youth in the urban environment in the ESCWA region
United Arab Emirates
Hello Dubai : ex-pat excess in the Emirates
After Iraq : where next for the Middle East?
Urban form in the arab world : past and present
Who's who in the Arab world. 1999-2000
Unity, freedom and socialism
With Lawrence in Arabia
Hero : the life and legend of Lawrence of Arabia
The heights of courage : a tank leader's war on the Golan
Arab world cook book : exciting and exotic dishes from the Arab world
Sex and the citadel : intimate life in a changing Arab world
Arab industrialisation and economic integration
Bulletin on vital statistics in the ESCWA region
Rossiâ i arabskij mir : naučnye i kul'turnye svâzi = Russia and the arab world : scientific and cultural relations. Vypusk 4
Understanding Arabs : a guide for modern times
Traditional Arabic cooking
Who's who in the Arab world. 2001-2002
Motoring with Mohammed : journeys to Yemen and the Red Sea
Understanding the Arab culture : a practical cross-cultural guide to working in the Arab world
Survey on incorporating the environmental dimension into development plans. Part 1, Conceptual, theoretical and operational background
The Cambridge companion to modern Arab culture
Masterpieces from the Department of Islamic Art in the Metropolitan Museum of Art
The closed circle : an interpretation of the Arabs
Princess
Human development and the acquisition of advanced knowledge in Arab countries : the role of higher education, research and technological development
The dawn of the Arab uprisings : end of an old order?
Excellent daughters : the secret lives of young women who are transforming the Arab world
Dialogues in Arab politics : negotations in regional order
The simple guide to customs and etiquette in Arabia and the Gulf States
Global medieval : mirrors for princes reconsidered
Arab and African film making
The Israel-Arab reader : a documentary history of the Middle East conflict
Groundwater resources in Paleogene carbonate aquifers in the ESWCA region : preliminary evaluation
Institutional aspects of privatization : a comparative approach in the ESCWA region
The unveiling of Arabia : the story of Arabian travel and discovery
The battle for the Arab spring : revolution, counter-revolution and the making of a new era
Arab-Islamic biographical index = Arabischer-Islamischer biographischer Index
The concert of civilizations
The Arab-Israeli wars : war and peace in the Middle East from the 1948 War of Independence to the present
Political trends in the Arab world : the role of ideas and ideals in politics
Review of the impact of pricing policy on water demand in the ESCWA region with a case study on Jordan
Communism in the Arab East
Sandstorms : days and nights in Arabia
Who's who in the Arab world. 1986-1987
The cultural identification and alienation of the Arab intelligentsia : a theoretical background and typological outline
Aladdin and other tales from the Arabian nights
Slavery in the Arab world
1000 lashes : because I say what I think
Hard choices : the EU's options in a Changing Middle East
The book of thousand nights and one night . Vol III
Arts & crafts of the Islamic lands : principles, materials, practise
An orchestra beyond borders : voices of the West-Eastern Divan Orchestra
Writing revolution : the voices from Tunis to Damascus
The league of Arab states and regional disputes : a study of Middle East conflicts
Arabian flavours : recipes and tales of Arab life
America and the muslim world
Arab education in transition : a source book
Groundwater quality control and conservation in the ESCWA region
Rossiâ i arabskij mir : naučnye i kul'turnye svâzi = Russia and the arab world : scientific and cultural relations. Vypusk 6
Wold atlas of food : a gourmet's guide to the great regional dishes of the world
The Arabs : people and power
Local contexts of Islamism in popular media
People like us  : misrepresenting the Middle East
Strategy and entrepreneurship in Arab countries
Atlas of the Arab world and the Middle East
THE ARABS
In the shadow of the sword : the battle for global empire and the end of the ancient world
The collector of worlds
West of the Indus
Arab world in the subjects of history, geography and Slovene language in elementary and secondary schools in Slovenia
Sourcebook of alternative technologies for freshwater  augmentation in West Asia
How to live & work in the Gulf : planning your stay in the Gulf Arab states
The policy of the Soviet Union in the Arab world : a short collection of foreign policy documents : the USSR and the Arab world
Shifting sands : the unravelling of the old order in the Middle East
The Arabs : journeys beyond the mirage
In 2011, the international community watched as citizens mobilized through the Internet and digital media to topple three of the world's most entrenched dictators: Ben Ali in Tunisia Mubarak in Egypt, and Qaddafi in Libya. This book examines not only the unexpected evolution of events during the Arab Spring but the longer history of desperate - and creative - digital activism through the Arab world.
Regional cooperation in the mobilization, management and allocation of financial resources in the ESCWA region
American doctoral dissertations on the Arab world, 1883-1968
The second Arab awakening : and the battle for pluralism
The Arab uprisings : the people want the fall of the regime
Sindbad in the land of giants
Freedom of trade and the Arab boycott : papers, presentations and discussions at seminar on freedom of trade with Israel
The Arab economy today
"T. E. Lawrence" : in Arabia and after
The Arab world
Benaki Museum Athens : early Islamic ceramics : ninth to late twelfth centuries. Vol. 1
The Arab human development report 2003 : building a knowledge society
The Arabs
Towards integrated social policies in Arab countries : framework and comparative analysis
Recognizing Islam : religion and society in the modern Arab world
Democracy in the Arab world : explaining the deficit
Lives of the successors of Mahomet
The Hashemites : the dream of Arabia
Russia in the Middle East : friend or foe?
Nazar : photographs from the Arab world
Impact of economic reform policies on poverty in selected ESCWA member countries : Egypt, Jordan and Yemen
History of the Islamic peoples
Transboundary water resources in the ESCWA region : utilization, management and cooperation
Strategies and means of development, south and north : seminarpapers in Hyvärilä-seminar 4th-7th August 1988
Disordered world : setting a new course for the twenty-first century
Stranger magic : charmed states & the Arabian nights
The book of thousand nights and one night . Vol I
A history of the Arab peoples
Development of financial markets in the ESCWA region
In the country of men
"The never-before-reported story of this generation of Arab women, who are questioning authority, changing societies, and leading revolutions. For more than a decade, Katherine Zoepf has lived in or traveled throughout the Arab world, reporting on the lives of women, whose role in the region has never been more in flux. Only a generation ago, female adolescence as we know it in the West scarcely existed in the Middle East. There were only children and married women. Today, young Arab women outnumber men in universities, and a few are beginning to face down religious and social tradition in order to live independently, to delay marriage, and to pursue professional goals. Hundreds of thousands of devout girls and women are attending Qur'anic schools--and using the training to argue for greater freedoms from an Islamic perspective. And, in 2011, young women helped to lead antigovernment protests in the Arab Spring. But their voices have not been heard. The world changes because of wars and terrorist attacks, but it also changes because daughters make different decisions than the ones their mothers made. This is an investigation into the changing lives of this generation of Arab daughters." / Kustantaja.
Contemporary Arab-American literature : transnational reconfigurations of citizenship and belonging
World bibliographical series. Vol. 5, Saudi Arabia
The struggle for the Middle East : the Soviet Union and the Middle East 1958-70
Social water studies in the Arab region : state of the art and perspectives
The Arab state
Of empires and citizens : pro-American democracy or no democracy at all?
Gulf states
Musées, civilisation et développement : actes de la rencontre, Amman, Jordanie, 26-30 avril 1994 = Museums, civilization and development : proceedings of the encounter, Amman, Jordan, 26-30 April 1994.
Investment regimes in the Arab world : issues and policies
Algeria and the international society : the crisis of violence
Bahithat : kitab mutakhassis : al-Nisa' fi al-khitab al-'arabi al-mu'asir [ = Women in contemporary arab discourse]. al-Kitab 9(2003/2004)[= Volume IX 2003-2004]
Arabic music : Andalusian classical music, Islamic contributions to Medieval Europe, Arabic hip hop, Arab world
Economic development in the Middle East
Arab voices : what they are saying to us, and why it matters
Re-articulating information society discourse(s) : a cultural studies approach to postcolonial locale(s)
Human development in the Arab world : the cultural and societal dimensions
A prince of our disorder : the life of T. E. Lawrence
Unified Arab statistical abstract
The Times guide to the Middle East : the arab world and its neighbours
Princess : secrets to share
Arabian business & cultural guide : your guide to do's and don'ts in the Arabian culture & market
Democracy and Arab political culture
Who's who in the Arab world
The ontology and status of intellectuals in Arab academia and society
The Arab region, an uncertain future
The Arab uprising : the people want the fall of the regime
Beyond the veil : male-female dynamics in modern Muslim society
Imams and emirs : state, religion and sects in islam
"For more than a decade, Katherine Zoepf has lived in or traveled throughout the Arab world, reporting on the lives of women, whose role in the region has never been more in flux. Only a generation ago, female adolescence as we know it in the West did not exist in the Middle East. There were only children and married women. Today, young Arab women outnumber men in universities, and a few are beginning to face down religious and social tradition in order to live independently, to delay marriage, and to pursue professional goals. Hundreds of thousands of devout girls and women are attending Qur'anic schools--and using the training to argue for greater rights and freedoms from an Islamic perspective. And, in 2011, young women helped to lead antigovernment protests in the Arab Spring. But their voices have not been heard. Their stories have not been told.  In Syria before its civil warshe documents a complex society in the midst of soul searching about its place in the world and about the role of women. In Lebanon, she documents a country that on the surface is freer than other Arab nations but whose women must balance extreme standards of self-presentation with Islamic codes of virtue. In Abu Dhabi, Zoepf reports on a generation of Arab women who've found freedom in work outside the home. In Saudi Arabia she chronicles driving protests and women entering the retail industry for the first time. In the aftermath of Tahrir Square, she examines the crucial role of women in Egypt's popular uprising.  Deeply informed, heartfelt, and urgent, Good Daughters brings us a new understanding of the changing Arab societies--from 9/11 to Tahrir Square to the rise of ISIS--and gives voice to the remarkable women at the forefront of this change" / Kustantaja..
The book of thousand nights and one night . Vol II
The Arab world facing the challenge of the new millenium
Populism and feminism in Iran : women's struggle in a male-defined revolutionary movement
Magic is not simply a matter of the occult arts, but a whole way of thinking, of dreaming the impossible. In this book, the author explores the figure of the dark magician or magus, from Solomon to the wicked uncle in "Aladdin"; the complex vitality of the jinn, or genies; animal metamorphoses and flying carpets.
The Arab world : performance and prospects
Over-stating the Arab state : politics and society in the Middle East
The economies of the Arab world Development since 1945
The Netherlands and the Arab region : a principled and pragmatic approach
History of Egypt : from the Arab conquest to the present
The Arabs in history
The Arabian nights
A most masculine state : gender, politics and religion in Saudi Arabia
National accounts studies of the ESCWA region. Bulletin
The Arab world : an illustrated history
Discovering Islam : making sense of muslim history and society
Between marriage and the market : intimate politics and survival in Cairo
A short history of the Arab peoples
Arabian nights
Dictionary of modern Arab history : an A to Z of over 2,000 entries from 1798 to the present day
Arab women in the field : studying your own society
Population bulletin of ESCWA
The rich : from slaves to super-yachts : a 2000-year history
Political dictionary of the Arab world
Islamic cities and conservation
When friday comes : football in the war zone
"Most accounts of Syria's brutal, long-lasting civil war focus on a domestic contest that began in 2011 and only later drew foreign nations into the escalating violence. Christopher Phillips argues instead that the international dimension was never secondary but that Syria's war was, from the very start, profoundly influenced by regional factors, particularly the vacuum created by a perceived decline of U.S. power in the Middle East. This precipitated a new regional order in which six external protagonists--the United States, Russia, Iran, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, and Qatar--have violently competed for influence, with Syria a key battleground. Drawing on a plethora of original interviews, Phillips constructs a new narrative of Syria's war. Without absolving the brutal Bashar al-Assad regime, the author untangles the key external factors which explain the acceleration and endurance of the conflict, including the West's strategy against ISIS. He concludes with some insights on Syria and the region's future"--
The desert frontier of Arabia : Al-Jawf through the ages
Statistical abstract of the ESCWA region
Under the naked sky : short stories from the Arab world
The Arab world handbook : Arabian Peninsula and Iraq edition
Harmonization of ICT standards related to Arabic language use in information society applications
The beheading and other true stories
The role of non-governmental organizations in the water sector in the ESCWA member countries
The Arab cold war 1958-1964 : a study of ideology in politics
Cultural strategy for the Islamic world = La stratégie culturelle du monde islamique
Arabia and the Arabs : from the Bronze Age to the coming of islam
A history of the modern Middle East
Camel brands and graffiti from Iraq, Syria, Jordan, Iran and Arabia
Oman & the UAE
Who's who in the Arab world 2001-2002
The complete astrological handbook for the twenty-first century : understanding and combining the wisdom of Chinese, Tibetan, Vedic, Arabian, Judaic, and western astrology
A short history of the Middle East
The book of thousand nights and one night . Vol IV
Palestine : peace not apartheid
A history of the Israeli-Palestinian conflict
Womanpower : the Arab debate on women at work
Face of Arabia : thoughts and images of the Arabian Peninsula
The thousand nights and one night
Cultural encounters in the Arab world : on media, the modern and the everyday
Final report and documents of the workshop on major marketing issues relating to trade in petrochemicals and fertilizers produced in the Arab world and their impact on future investment in those countries, Amman, 22-24 September 1987.
Review of transport in ESCWA member countries
The atlas of the Arab world : geopolitics and society
The battle for Syria : international rivalry in the new Middle East
Democracy's fourth wave? : digital media and the Arab Spring
