http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p19944 sociologists
sociologists
The arctic Bourdieu : four theses from the Nordic countries
C. Wright Mills and the sociological imagination : contemporary perspectives
The future and changing economies of rural areas : project report D18 of RURBAN, minutes meeting study areas
Max Weber on the methodology of the social sciences
Goffman unbound! : a new paradigm for social science
Sociologists in a global age : biographical perspectives
Ageing, meaning and social structure : connecting critical and humanistic gerontology
Introducing social semiotics
Ageing & society
Petr Nikolaevič Savickij (1895-1968) : bibliografiâ opublikovannyh rabot = Petr Nikolaevich Savitskii (1895-1968) : a bibliography of his published works
Class, codes and control. 3, Towards a theory of educational transmissions
Conversations with Manuel Castells
Assimilated individuals and segregated communities : a comparative study of housing and living related well-being of Finnish roma and housed gypsies and travellers in England
Sociology, work and industry
The sociology book
'This is a robust text - challenging and provocative and one which students will benefit from reading. Layder guides the reader through a large body of relevant literature. He draws attention to the strengths and weaknesses of particular approaches as he sees them and he is not afraid to offer his own judgements on the issues and problems he addresses' - Professor John Eldridge, University of Glasgow. This is a revised, updated and enlarged version of the accessible, authoritative first edition - a jargon-free textbook that provides an introduction to the core issues in social theory.
Steaming into a Victorian future : a steampunk anthology
Letters and autobiographical writings
Politics and sociology in the thought of Max Weber
Why this theme "Rethinking inequalities"
The Sage handbook of governance
Localizing modernity and reconstructing social theory
Organization theory & design
The modern and contemporary sphere of art and its place in societal-cultural reality in the light of system-theoretical and systemic sociology : a study of a sociological research tradition and its art-theoretical contribution
Transforming cities
Sociological impressionism : a reassessment of Georg Simmel's social theory
Ubiquitous musics : the everyday sounds that we don't always notice
American sociology : perspectives, problems, methods
Pitirim A. Sorokin : an intellectual biography
Routledge Handbook of  Sports Development
Visit to Finland by a pioneer of multiculturalism in Australia, prof. Jerzy Zubrzycki, 4-12 june 1988.
Mobile lives : self, excess and nature
We live in the midst of a revolution in communication technologies that affects the way in which people feel, think, and behave. The media have become the space where power strategies are played out. In the current technological context mass communication goes beyond traditional media and includes the Internet and mobile communication. In this wide-ranging and powerful book, Manuel Castells analyses the transformation of the global media industry by this revolution in communication technologies. He argues that a new communication system, mass self-communication, has emerged, and power relationships have been profoundly modified by the emergence of this new communication environment. Created in the commons of the Internet this communication can be locally based, but globally connected. It is built through messaging, social networks sites, and blogging, and is now being used by the millions around the world who have access to the Internet.Drawing on a wide range of social and psychological theories, Castells presents original research on political processes and social movements, including the misinformation of the American public on the Iraq War, the global environmental movement to prevent climate change, the control of information in China and Russia, and Internet-based political campaigns, such as the Obama campaign in the United States. On the basis of these case studies he proposes a new theory of power in the information age based on the management of communication networks Justly celebrated for his analysis of the network society, Castells here builds on that work, offering a well grounded and immensely challenging picture of communication and power in the 21st century. This is a book for anyone who wants to understand the dynamics and character of the modern world.
An interview with Bruno Latour
In search for a Russian knowledge worker
Bourdieu in Finland : an account of Bourdieu's influence on Finnish sociology
Main currents in sociological thought. 2, Durkheim - Pareto - Weber
Globalization and everyday life
The sociology of research
Radical sociologists and the movement : experiences, lessons, and legacies
Talcott Parsons on economy and society
Emile Durkheim, 1858-1917 : a collection of essays, with translations and a bibliography
The unknown Sorokin : his life in Russia and the essay on suicide
Eastern European countryside
Knut Pipping's forgotten study of a WW II infantry company and his results about soldiers' informal group norms
Young at eighty : the prolific public life of Michael Young
Sport sociology / edited by Peter Craig and Paul Beedie
The RoutledgeFalmer reader in sociology of education
Individual voices, collective visions : fifty years of women in sociology
Erving Goffman : Sociology, writer, American Sociological Association, social theory, symbolic interactionism, dramaturgy (sociology), The Prensentation of Self in Everyday Life
Talcott Parsons
The social thought of Max Weber
The Americanization of social science : intellectuals and public responsibility in the postwar United States
The future of the sociological classics
Australia as a multicultural society
Emile Durkheim : critical assessments of leading sociologists : third series
Merging law and sociology : beyond the dichotomies in socio-legal research
This article is a revised version of a paper for the Biennial Conference of the Inter-University Seminar on Armed Forces and Society, (IUS), Chicago, 23-25 October 2009..
Max Weber & the new century
Key sociological thinkers
On money
City
The sociologist and the historian
The new Bauman reader : thinking sociologically in liquid modern times
Love or greatness : Max Weber and masculine thinking : a feminist inquiry
One of the central figures in modern thought, Max Horkheimer (1895-1973) was the director of the Institute of Social Research at the University of Frankfurt and guided the activities of the Frankfurt School from its origins in Germany through its exile in the United States during World War II. The Frankfurt School writers developed what came to be known as Critical Theory, and anyone familiar with poststructuralist theory in the humanities and social sciences will recognize its indebtedness to the Frankfurt School. These letters show how Horkheimer's thought was influenced by and engaged with the historical events of the twentieth century, particularly the Holocaust and the Vietnam War. The letters trace the trajectory of his thought from an early optimism about the possibility of revolutionary change to a critique of orthodox Marxism as his faith in revolution was replaced by a commitment to the transformative power of education. These letters also convey the contours of Horkheimer's personal relationships and illustrate the connection of Horkheimer and the Frankfurt School to the work and thought of some of the most important figures in the intellectual life of the nineteenth and twentieth centuries, including Karl Marx, Thomas Mann, Sigmund Freud, Theodor Adorno, and Herbert Marcuse.
Working with street children in Sub-Saharan Africa in the light of the child-centred perspective : promising methods and approaches with special reference to the example street children project in Zambia
Michel Foucault : key concepts
Durkheim's philosophy lectures : notes from the Lycée de Sens course, 1883-1884
Max Weber in America
Max Weber: a biography
Research methods
Baudrillard's challenge : a feminist reading
A social and economic theory of consumption
The science of military cohesion
Knut Pipping's "Infantry company as society" and aspects of some other military sociological studies of small military units
Robert K. Merton : sociology of science and sociology as science
Climate change and society : sociological perspectives
Max Weber : a comprehensive bibliography
Ageing, meaning and social structure is a unique book advancing critical discourse in gerontology and makes a major contribution to understanding key social and ethical dilemmas facing ageing societies. It confronts and integrates approaches that have been relatively isolated from each other, and interrelates two major streams of thought within critical gerontology: analyses of structural issues in the context of political economy and humanistic perspectives on issues of existential meaning. The chapters, from a wide range of contributors, focus on major issues in ageing such as autonomy, agency, frailty, lifestyle, social isolation, dementia and professional challenges in social work and participatory research. This volume should be valuable reading for scholars and graduate students in gerontology and humanistic studies, as well as for policy-makers and practitioners working in the field of ageing
What, exactly, was the Charity Organization Society? Was it a cluster of affluent women imposing their moral propriety on the poor in the early 20th Century? Or was it the first concerted effort to professionalize previously random, subjective allocations of benefits and entitlements? This book will help researchers explore systematically such fascinating questions and debates in social work and social welfare history.   Mastering how to pose historical questions is as essential as finding the answers. This book, from its wide-ranging coverage of historiographic theory to detailed guidelines for conducting oral history and archival research, offers clear and practical research tools: how to design a study, select primary sources, understand the vocabulary of archives, determine useful secondary sources, and analyze them all. The book also features a guide to archives and special collections that details their holdings, access and locations, and research grants - essential knowledge for any researcher.   The thrill of stumbling across unexplored data in the stacks of a library is notorious. Now, this clearly written pocket guide will help established scholars as well as doctoral students get the most out of historical data.
Great minds : encounters with social theory
The final Foucault
Freakonomics : a rogue economist explores the hidden side of everything
This is a fascinating biography of Barbara Wootton, one of the extraordinary public figures of the 20th century. She was an outstanding social scientist, an architect of the welfare state, an iconoclast who challenged conventional wisdoms and the first woman to sit on the woolsack in the House of Lords. Ann Oakley has written a fascinating and highly readable account of the life and work of this singular woman, but the book goes much further. It is an engaged account of the making of British social policy at a critical period seen through the lens of the life and work of a pivotal figure. Oakley tells a story about the intersections of the public and the private and about the way her subject's life unfolded within, was shaped by, and helped to shape a particular social and intellectual context.
Contemporary sociological thinkers and theories
Journal of environmental education
C. Wright Mills : an American utopian
Sociology as a vocation : an inaugural lecture delivered in the university of Leicester 18 February 1971
Coming to my senses : the autobiography of a sociologist
Fifty key sociologists : the formative theorists
Political sociology as a crucial element in an intellectual autobiography
Profiles the world's most renowned sociologists and more than 100 of their biggest ideas, including issues of equality, diversity, identity, and human rights; the effects of globalization; the role of institutions; and the rise of urban living in modern society.
Practical social pedagogy : theories, values and tools for working with children and young people
An academic skating on thin ice
Norbert Elias and modern sociology : knowledge, interdependence, power, process
George Herbert Mead : a unifying theory for sociology
Our studies, ourselves : sociologists' lives and work
Norbert Elias and social theory
Social realities in the making : the structuration of society and the constitution of American identity
"We fangirls need our fanservice" : a study on the topics of discussion in a predominantly female online football community
Conversations with Anthony Giddens : making sense of modernity
Identities at work
Zygmunt Bauman : why good people do bad things
The discovery of abundance : Simon N. Patten and the transformation of social theory
Advances in visual methodology
The discovery of society
Class, codes and control. Volume 4, The structuring of pedagogic discourse
Communicating and organizing in context : the theory of structurational interaction
Evicted : poverty and profit in the American city
Sociology is central to the study of sport in higher education. This reader-friendly textbook introduces all of the subject s core themes, such as power, diversity and mediation, and relates them to major contemporary social issues such as commercialisation and globalisation. Special emphasis is given throughout to examples drawn from the UK and to the significance of the 2012 Olympics. Theoretical explanation is fully supported by case studies, practical and reflective exercises and guidance on further study.
The sociology of education
Unit cohesion : theoretical implications and practical recommendations
Natural symbols : explorations in cosmology
Erving Goffman
Children's participation and participating children : factors influencing attendance to child societies, and justifications for children's participation in Sri Lanka
Institutional ethnography as practice
From a caste to a minority : changing attitudes of American sociologists toward Afro-Americans, 1896-1945
What is sociology? : an introduction to the discipline and profession
Dialectical sociology : an analysis of the sociology of Georges Gurvitch
Summary.
Perceptions of health : water and sanitation problems in rural and urban communities in Nigeria
Eighteenth-century London through masks : notes on disguise, authenticity, and libertinage in eighteenth-century London city guides
Montesquieu and the discovery of the social
Race, class, and the postindustrial city : William Julius Wilson and the promise of sociology
Where fatherlessness meets music therapy : "the importance of therapist & the uniqueness of music"
Climate change is one of the most critical issues of the twenty-first century, presenting a major intellectual challenge to both the natural and social sciences. While there has been significant progress in natural science understanding of climate change, social science research has not been as fully developed. Climate Change and Society: Sociological Perspectives breaks new theoretical and empirical ground by presenting climate change as a thoroughly social phenomenon, embedded in our institutions and cultural practices. This collection of essays summarizes the existing approaches to understanding the social, economic, political, and cultural dimensions of climate change. From the factors that drive carbon emissions to the forces which influence societal responses to climate change, the book provides a comprehensive overview of the social dimensions behind climate change. An understanding of the relationship between climate change and human behavior is a critical element in developing a more sustainable future, changing human habits and behaviors for the better, and creating just and effective environmental policies.
Litter : the remains of our culture
Perspectives on our age : Jacques Ellul speaks on his life and work
Structures of thinking
The sociology of Max Weber
Memories of the future
The twelwe tables
Book presents organizational communication from both a communication and managerial perspective. Professor Miller's clear writing style and consistent use of examples and case studies result in a text that undergraduate students will find easy to understand.
Trends of research in social sciences of sport : content analysis of the sociology of sport journal
Cohesion forgotten? : Redux 2011 - knowns and unknowns
Emile Durkheim and the reformation of sosiology
Max Weber and His Contempories
This work, first published in 1990, reissues the first thorough examination of the essentially masculine nature of Max Weber's social and political thinking. Through a detailed examination of his central texts, the author demonstrates Weber's masculine reading of 'social life' and shows how his work advocates a masculine form of life that poses a challenge to contemporary women and to feminism. In particular, she addresses the patriarchal implications of Weber's belief in the need to relegate the ethic of brotherly love to a private sphere in order to make possible rational action and the achievement of greatness in the public sphere.
Main currents in sociological thought. 1, Montesquieu - Comte - Marx - Tocqueville : the sociologists and the revolution of 1848
21st century sociology
Max Weber : collected methodological writings
Great thinkers
C. Wright Mills
The city
Gregory Bateson : the legacy of a scientist
Historical research
On Bourdieu, education and society
Great writers on organizations
Separated children & forbidden roots : removals of part-indigenous children as part of Australia's assimilation policy in the 1950s-1960s
Climbing for equality: overcoming social inequality through sport : a narrative inquiry into the sport lives of five visually disabled climbers in Mexico City
ESA summer school on "Immigration in Europe" : continied : out of the students' perspectives
The value controversy in sociology
Max Weber : an introduction to his life and work
A life in letters : selected correspondence
Caught in the middle : contradictions in the lives of sociologists from working-class backgrounds
Japanese family and society : words from Tongo Takebe, a Meiji era sociologist
The new Blackwell companion to medical sociology
Group cohesion and behavior in a simulated combat situation : empirical results from two Infantry platoons
The legacy of Albion Small. Vernon K. Dibble
The essential writings of Thorstein Veblen
Military sociology meets the gap between cultures
Women in sociology : a bio-bibliographical sourcebook
"Sociology, Work and Industry has been restructured and updated throughout. It includes a newly written opening chapter which, in addition to explaining the distinctiveness of the sociological perspective, provides guidance on researching and analysing work practices and institutions. It will be essential reading for anybody studying the sociology of work, work organisations and industry."--BOOK JACKET.
Emile Durkheim and his sociology
Disability rights and wrongs
Communicating and Organizing in Context integrates Giddens' structuration theory with Goffman's interaction order and develops a new theoretical base--the theory of structurational interaction--for the analysis of communicating and organizing. Both theorists emphasize tacit knowledge, social routines, context, social practices, materiality, frames, agency, and view communication as constitutive of social life and of organizing. Thus their integration in structurational interaction provides a coherent, communication-centric approach to analyzing communicating, organizing and their interrelationships. This book will be a valuable resource for students and scholars as an orientation to the field of organizational communication and as an integration of organizing and communicating. It will also be useful for practitioners as a tool for understanding how conceptual frames limit possibilities and constitute the nature of organizing and members' participation in organizations.
The habits of consumption
Karl Mannheim and the crisis of liberalism : the secret of these new times
Conversations with Gayatri Chakravorty Spivak
Sociology in the Soviet Union and beyond : social enquiry and social change
Harriet Martineau : theoretical and methodological perspectives
Three sides to a story : an investigation into the applicability of cultural adjustment models
The social lens : an invitation to social and sociological theory
Sociology responds to fascism
Sociology & empire : the imperial entanglements of a discipline
Founding sociology? : Talcott Parsons and the idea of general theory
George Herbert Mead : the making of a social pragmatist
Foucault / Blanchot : Maurice Blanchot: The thought from outside
The gift
Veli Verkko as a criminologist and sociologist
Mediatization and religion : Nordic perspectives
Reclaiming the sociological classics : the state of the scholarship
The ethics of sightseeing
The duality of tactical thought : a study of how Swedish land forces' commanders view tactics in irregular warfare
Raymond Williams's Sociology of culture : a critical reconstruction
The art of sociological argument
Class, codes and control. 2, Applied studies towards a sociology of language
Why we love serial killers : the curious appeal of the world's most savage murderers
Unleashing science popularisation : studies on science as popular culture
On Durkheim's rules of sociological method
Organizational communication : approaches and processes
Storytelling globalization from the Chaco and beyond
Class, codes and control. 1, Theoretical studies towards a sociology of language
Reflections on a life
Fifty key sociologists : the contemporary theorists
Royal tourism : excursions around monarchy
A critical woman : Barbara Wootton, social science and public policy in the twentieth century
The Finnish Army during the war 1941-45 : some results of social research
Bibliography of professor Veli Verkko's printed works
Communication power
Applied sociology : [roles and activities of sociologists in diverse settings]
The discipline of urban ethnography
Pitirim A. Sorokin in review
Routledge handbook of the sociology of sport
Structure of social theory
Alvin W. Gouldner : sociologist and outlaw Marxist
"In 1988, the renowned sociologist Pierre Bourdieu and the leading historian Roger Chartier met for a series of lively discussions that were broadcast on French public radio. Published here for the first time, these conversations are an accessible and engaging introduction to the work of these two great thinkers, who discuss their work and explore the similarities and differences between their disciplines with the clarity and frankness of the spoken word.Bourdieu and Chartier discuss some of the core themes of Bourdieu's work, such as his theory of fields, his notions of habitus and symbolic power and his account of the relation between structures and individuals, and they examine the relevance of these ideas to the study of historical events and processes. They also discuss at length Bourdieu's work on culture and aesthetics, including his work on Flaubert and Manet and his analyses of the formation of the literary and artistic fields. Reflecting on the differences between sociology and history, Bourdieu and Chartier observe that while history deals with the past, sociology is dealing with living subjects who are often confronted with discourses that speak about them, and therefore it disrupts, disconcerts and encounters resistance in ways that few other disciplines do.This unique dialogue between two great figures is a testimony to the richness of Bourdieu's thought and its enduring relevance for the humanities and social sciences today"--
Talcott Parsons today : his theory and legacy in contemporary sociology
This edited volume on "Identities at Work" brings together international theory and empirical research that deals with continuity and change of identity formation processes at work under conditions of modern working processes and labour market flexibility. By bringing together perspectives from sociology, psychology, organisational management and vocational education and training the contributions in this volume connect the debates of skills formation, human resources development and careers with individual's work commitment and professional orientations in various ways. With this focus, the volume presents a new research perspective based on an interdisciplinary and international approach. We argue that in times of globalisation and rapidly changing work realities such an approach is needed to better understand and analyse what is required to equip and prepare the workforce to meet international labour market demands. In this sense, the publication shall serve as a useful resource to researchers and policy makers working in the fields of skills formation, human resources development and organisational management.
The winter war
Construction of cultural policy
The social thought of Erving Goffman
Contemporary social and sociological theory : visualizing social worlds
Paroxysms : interviews with Philippe Petit
Sociology through time and space : essays in honor of Carl-Gunnar Janson
The sociology of Emile Durkheim
The humanist temper : the life and work of Elton Mayo
Social theory : a reader
Tuesdays with Morrie : an old man, a young man, and life's greatest lesson
Sociological theory
Richard Hoggart : virtue and reward
Connected sociologies
Jean Baudrillard : against banality
French post war social theory : international knowledge transfer
Understanding social theory
Sociology, work, and industry
A theory of fields
