http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p19989 fantasy play
fantasy play make-believe games
The little book of dens
Stanley's stick
The Oxford handbook of the development of play
Learn to play : a practical program to develop a child's imaginative play skills
The Oxford handbook of the development of imagination
Exploring children's creative narratives
Imaginary companions and the children who create them
Bye-bye baby brother!
Journey
There's no such thing as a Snappenpoop
The creative family : how to encourage imagination & nurture family connections
Alfie in the bath
When music goes to school : perspectives on learning and teaching
Supporting drama and imaginative play in the early years
The creation of imaginary worlds : the role of art, magic & dreams in child development
Herobear and the Kid. volume 1 : The inheritance
Audrey and Barbara
"Experts in child psychology and pedagogy concur that how children are schooled today seriously conflicts with how they learn and develop. Children are being left behind and the promises and possibilities of childhood are slipping away. This book aims to disclose a deeper understanding of music's importance in children's lives and their need to know, explore, wonder, and play. Directed toward music teachers, teacher educators, and scholars, this text invites inquiries and provides insights into contemporary challenges to learning and teaching in an era of standardization. A compendium of essays, classroom voices and vignettes is supported by relevant research in music education and companion disciplines in psychology, philosophy, and sociology. Storytelling with scholarship contributes authenticity and strengthens the premise of this book." -- Publisher's description
Emergence of a playworld : the formation of subjects of learning in interaction between adults and children
There's a shark in the bath
The house of make-believe : children's play and the developing imagination
Noah Barleywater runs away : a fairytale
Playing and reality
The paper dolls
Time to play in early childhood education
Precious Little
Imagination and play in the electronic age
Child's play : myth, mimesis and make-believe
Sky-high guy
The den book
Pretending and imagination in animals and children
Playfulness : its relationship to imagination and creativity
The power of Henry's imagination
Affect and creativity : the role of affect and play in the creative process
The happy rag
Noah Barleywater runs away
Multiple perspectives on play in early childhood education
Stories in 7 to 13 year old children's pretend play in Helsinki
Princess me
Confessions of an imaginary friend : a memoir by Jacques Papier
Secret tree fort
Darkness follows
Free to learn : why unleashing the instinct to play will make our children happier, more self-reliant, and better students for life
Mindvaults : sociocultural grounds for pretending and imagining
Scaredy Squirrel at the beach
Where the Bugaboo lives
Killing monsters : why children need fantasy, super heroes, and make-believe violence
Fact, fiction, and fantasy in childhood
The girl with the parrot on her head
Children's imaginative play : a visit to wonderland
Cultivating creativity in babies, toddlers and young children
Kids' stuff : toys and the changing world of American childhood
Make-believe : games and activities for imaginative play : a book for parents, teachers, and the young children in their lives
Amity is a teen pilot, battling in one-on-one combat to maintain peace in a world where war has been replaced by dogfights. But when Amity discovers the organisation she works for is corrupt, she begins to question everything. In this society of double agents, suspicion and betrayal, nobody is quite what they seem...including Amity's first love.
Fantastic fairies and their friends
Cultivating creativity : for babies, toddlers and young children
Early learning and development : cultural-historical concepts in play
Welcome to Harmony Five - a secure prison camp where the rebellious and the Discordant are broken. Amity is their newest inmate. The rules are simple here - obedience or death. Anyone caught trying to escape is executed. But former Peacefighter, Ingo, is prepared to risk everything for freedom. And in a world this dark, what has Amity got to lose?
A monster's moved In!
Scripted fantasy in the classroom
"We're friends, right?" : inside kids' culture[s]
Creepy creatures
The crocodile under the bed
Ned and Joybaloo
Not a box
Slightly invisible
The green ship
Caffeine for the creative mind : 250 exercises to wake up your brain
The sheep-pig ; The invisible dog
Play : how it shapes the brain, opens the imagination, and invigorates the soul
Children and play
A child's work : the importance of fantasy play
Lionheart
Play and development : evolutionary, sociocultural and functional perspectives
The work of the imagination
Play and imagination in children with autism
