http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p19912 capital movements
capital movements
Financial fundamentals for engineers : this book explains what ENGINEERS should be taught about MONEY (but usually have to learn the hard way)
Financial management : principles and applications
"We are witnessing the greatest shift of wealth from poor to rich in history. In the United States alone, the wealthiest avoid paying an astonishing $53 billion in taxes each year. Nicholas Shaxson, in league with the Tax Justice Network, dives deep into the secret world of tax havens and takes us to hot spots from Switzerland to Panama to Delaware in a riveting narrative of how society loses through illegal tax evasion. With jaw-dropping stories and vivid explanations, Shaxson highlights the biggest players in the game, and shows how: - More than 12,750 foreign corporations get out of paying taxes each year by claiming to have offices in the same five-story building in the Cayman Islands. - One thousand children die every day as a result of illegal, trade related tax evasion. - Although billions are poured annually into Africa, corrupt officials there stow twice as much away in tax havens, making Africa a net creditor to the rest of the world. "--
Contingent capital : short-term investors and the evolution of corporate governance in France and Germany
Venture capital industry in Finland in 1988
Business and intellectual capital development in financial riptide : case studies of Finnish biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies dispersing into global value chains
On human capital formation with exit options : comment and new results
OECD codes of liberalisation of capital movements and of current invisible operations : user's guide
Individual foreign investment in Western nation states is a long-standing geopolitical issue. The expansion of the middle class in BRICS and Asian countries, and their increased activity in Western real estate markets as foreign investors, have introduced new and revived existing cultural and geopolitical sensitivities. In this book, Dallas Rogers develops a new history of foreign real estate investment by mapping the movement of human and financial capital over more than four centuries. The book argues the reconfiguration of Asian geopolitical power has ruptured the conceptual landscape for understanding international land and real estate relations. Drawing on assemblage theories (Latour, Deleuze and Guattari), assemblage analytical tactics (Sassen and Ong) and discursive media theories (Kittler and Foucault) a series of vignettes of land and real estate crisis are presented. The book demonstrates how foreign land claimers and global real estate professionals colonise, subvert and act beyond the governance structures of settler-societies to facilitate new types of capital circulation and accumulation around the world.
In 1997 the Russian economy seemed to have overcome inflation and to be poised for economic growth.But as it turned out there was little time to enjoy the fruits of financial stabilization, which was overturned by the 1998 crisis.Some reasons for inconsistencies in the Russian financial stabilization program are analysed here, as well as the conflict between the stability objective of monetary policy and the potentially inflationary budgetary policy that evolved in Russia in 1995-1997.Also discussed are certain trends in macroeconomic performance in 1996-1997 that raised the probability of a financial crisis. .
The human value of the enterprise : valuing people as assets monitoring, measuring, managing
Summary.
Best pratices in biotechnology business development
The impact of EMU's third stage on Estonian economic  development, 1999-2000
Promoting the stability of international capital movements
International capital movements : based on the Marshall lectures given at the University of Cambridge 1985
Some implications of EU membership on Baltic monetary and  exchange rate policies
More taxes! : promoting strategies for global taxation
African countries have been incorporated into present processes of economic globalization in a more nuanced way than is usually claimed. Obviously, structural changes and economic growth have not been on the scale seen in other developing country regions, Southeast Asia in particular. However, the increasing global interaction between functionally integrated foci of production and services has also affected Africa in ways that are changing the material foundations of economic and social life on the continent. These processes are not uniform throughout Africa, but affect local, national and regional actors and institutions in diverse and complex ways. In short, globalization in Africa is an uneven process, integrating or re-integrating some localities and communities in global flows of goods, finance and information, while marginalizing or excluding others.
Fundamentals of financial management
Foreign direct investments  in the Estonian economy
Combining the incompatibles / fixed exchange rate,  liberalisation and financial development in Estonia
Modern financial markets and institutions : a practical perspective
Bazaar of opportunities for new business development : bridging networked innovation, intellectual property and business
Capitals of capital : the rise and fall of international financial centres, 1780-2009
Studies on the spatial concentration of human capital
Done deals : venture capitalists tell their stories
Confessions of a venture capitalist : inside the high-stakes world of start-up financing
Contrary to most experience, Estonia (as well as Latvia and Lithuania) has been able to combine, for a number of years, fixed exchange rates, financial liberalisation (prior to proper supervision) and large current account deficits without inviting speculation using large capital flows as vehicles.The standard argument is that this must be due to exceptionally sound fundamentals and great policy credibility.Without challenging this argument either generally or for the case of Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania, this paper offers a supplementary perspective.These countries did not aim at developing a full-scale national economy with a full set of financial and other markets, as they had the possibility of joining an institutionally, culturally and geographically close set of North-Western European markets.Such a strategy goes further than having the goal of "rejoining Europe" as the external policy anchor.Having well-developed domestic markets can in some cases be substituted by accessing near-by markets, thus leaving little leeway to potentially unstable capital flows.This option, however, is not open to all, and it also has its downside. Key words: capital flows, exchange rate systems, institutional development, financial liberalisation, Baltic countries .
Innovation and entrepreneurship in the healthcare sector : from idea to funding to launch
Fundamentals of corporate finance : global edition
Katz and Rapoport (2005) conclude that with linear production technology and the possibility of unilateral migration, regionspecific shocks may increase the average level of education. Previously, Poutvaara (2000) derived a corresponding result with Cobb-Douglas technology and migration which may go in both directions. This paper shows that the exit option may reduce human capital formation with a quadratic production technology.
China's foreign exchange system currently combines a virtual peg to the US dollar with direct capital account controls.With accession to the World Trade Organisation, China's capital control regime can be expected to lose its effectiveness in the face of accelerating liberalisation of trade and investment.While the country may experience in the medium term an increase in nominal and real shocks, the easing of capital controls is an inevitable requisite promoting development of China's domestic financial markets and integration with the global trade system and capital markets.Soft pegs with wide fluctuation bands or similar arrangements that retain certain capital controls could thus be adopted in the interim.Then, as China's financial markets develop and enterprises and banks begin to adhere consistently to market principles, a more flexible foreign exchange regime such as a managed float with relaxed capital controls could be introduced. Key words: China, exchange rate system, WTO accession .
China's exchange rate system after WTO accession / Some  considerations
Other people's money : debt denomination and financial instability in emerging market economies
The IMF, the World Bank group and the question of human rights
The genie in the machine : how computer-automated inventing is revolutionizing law and business
"Africa's Odious Debts explodes the myth that Africa is a drain on the West's finances, revealing that the continent is actually a net creditor to the rest of the world. Of the money borrowed by African governments, more than half departs in the same year, with a significant portion of it winding up in private accounts at the very banks that provide the loans. Meanwhile, debt-servicing means less money for public health and other needs. Revealing the intimate links between foreign loans and capital flight, this is a vital book for anyone interested in Africa, its future and its relationship with the West."--P. [4] of cover.
Understanding financial management : a practical guide
Capital flight and capital controls in developing countries
The geopolitics of real estate : reconfiguring property, capital, and rights
Turbulent waters : cross-border finance and international governance
Africa's odious debts : how foreign loans and capital flight bled a continent
The management of intellectual property
Direct taxation in relation to the freedom of establishment and the free movement of capital
Principles of corporate finance
The triple helix : university-industry-government innovation in action
Transnationalism
Where Do the Highly Educated Migrate? Micro-Level Evidence from Finland
Liberalizing capital movements : some analytical issues
Studies on the determinants of migration and the spatial concentration of labour
The U.S. dollar's dominance seems under threat. The near collapse of the U.S. financial system in 2008-2009, political paralysis that has blocked effective policymaking, and emerging competitors such as the Chinese renminbi have heightened speculation about the dollar's looming displacement as the main reserve currency. Yet, as The Dollar Trap powerfully argues, the financial crisis, a dysfunctional international monetary system, and U.S. policies have paradoxically strengthened the dollar's importance.
The crowdfunding revolution : how to raise venture capital using social media
Business-oriented maintenance of work ability
The Use of Hybrid Financial Instruments in Cross-Border Transactions : Tax Considerations
Russia : Virtual stabilization and real crisis
Social capital in Finland : statistical review
Social movements and Bourdieu : class, embodiment and the politics of identity
This paper assesses the impacts of Economic and Monetary Union and the euro on developments within the eight most advanced accession candidates in Central and Eastern Europe.The single currency completes the project for a single market in Europe, and overall, clear efficiency gains for participating countries are expected. This should spur foreign trade with e.g. the accession countries. Accession candidates may use a variety of foreign exchange rate regimes before they join the EU, but ultimately their economic policies become a matter of common interest.Pressure to peg to the euro obviously increases as membership approaches, but there is compelling evidence that countries should hold back on pegging to the euro until they have achieved sufficient convergence to attain credibility for a policy of fixed exchange rates.  Keywords: Economic and Monetary Union, Central and Eastern Europe, exchange rate policy, integration .
Management possibilities for interpersonal trust in a business network. Case: health-, exercise- and wellbeing markets
Assessment of the euro's implications for economic  development in the Central and Eastern Europe
The future of the international monetary system
Entrepreneurial finance and venture capital advantage
Globalization and restructuring of African commodity flows
Managing capital flows in Estonia and Latvia
EBRF 2009 : September 23-25, Jyväskylä, Finland : program and abstracts
The Euro-dollar exchange rate and equity flows
Financial vulnerabilities in emerging Europe : an overview
Civil societies and social movements : potentials and problems
The dollar trap : how the U.S. dollar tightened its grip on global finance
Interaction in asset-based value creation within innovation networks:the case of software industry
Business networks and strategic alliances in China
Democratising globalisation : the leverage of the Tobin tax
EBRF 2008 : September 22-24, Helsinki, Finland & Stockholm, Sweden : program and abstracts
Financial contagion : an international capital flow-approach
OECD codes of liberalisation of capital movements and of current invisible operations : user's guide 2007.
The political economy of international capital mobility
Finnish venture capital portfolio companies in 1989
Bazaar of Opportunities for New Business Development goes beyond the paradigm of open innovation and underlines the variety of opportunities that firms may have in innovation and new business development with external actors. This book shows readers that firms can interact, innovate, and do business with different known and unknown actors, both formally and informally, and use different levels of openness within interorganizational innovation processes. External actors, however, also mean additional risks for the firm that they should manage. The subtitle of book, Bridging Networked Innovation, Intellectual Property and Business, addresses the guidance and perspectives that the book will provide in order to better prepare the reader for innovation with external actors. Bazaar of Opportunities has a multidisciplinary approach to the subject, bringing innovation, business, legal and network management perspectives together. The findings are based on state-of-the-art practices of innovative firms in Europe, empirical data collected through interviews and case studies. Through this multidisciplinary approach and the empirical findings, the reader may gain insight on how to be successful in open and networked innovation.
Globalization : what's new
Financial assistance programme for the recapitalisation of financial institutions in Spain : first review - Autumn 2012
The business of intellectual property
Capital rising : how capital flows are changing business systems all over the world
Business cycles, effective working capital management and corporate profitability
Capital rules : the construction of global finance
The study looks at the effects of the introduction of the euro on the Estonian economy.A priori, introduction of the euro may affect the Estonian economy through several different channels.The study focuses mainly on Estonia’s foreign trade, banking system and capital flows.In short, it is not possible to discern any clear and definite effects of the euro at this point in time, although some emerging trends may be attributable to the introduction of the single currency and Estonia’s EU accession process.Estonia has become quite integrated with the EU, and this trend is expected to continue also in the future. Key words: Estonia, Economic and Monetary Union, foreign trade, capital flows .
Redefining business in the New Africa : shifting strategies to be successful
Strategy logic of the venture capitalist : understanding venture capitalism - the businesses within - by exploring linkages between ownership and strategy of venture capital companies, over time, in America and Europe
Taxation in Finland 2005
Global business today
Intangible capital in the Finnish business sector, 1975-2005
Finnish Industry Investment Ltd : an international evaluation
Capitals of capital : a history of international financial centres, 1780-2005
Financial Management : text and cases
Three billion new capitalists : the great shift of wealth and power to the East
A project network : an approach to creating emergent business
Against the backdrop of the international financial and economic crisis, this paper seeks to identify financial vulnerabilities in Emerging Europe. Data are presented for 20 countries using a 'balance-sheet' framework to disaggregate financial weaknesses within each economy. First, financial flow imbalances and general macroeconomic weaknesses are identified, leading to a discussion of the financial stock imbalances that were caused by these persistent flow imbalances. The paper concludes with an assessment of which countries are most vulnerable to any potential 'sudden-stop' of financial flows to the region.   Key words: financial crisis, balance-sheets, emerging economies, Emerging Europe .
How to measure anything : finding the value of "intangibles" in business
Financing choices of firms in EU accession countries
Corporate finance : passnotes
Corporate finance : core principles & applications
Treasure islands : uncovering the damage of offshore banking and tax havens
International finance and development
Global stock markets and portfolio management
Microfinance investment funds : leveraging private capital for economic growth and poverty reduction
Migration, small municipalities and the transition in the forms of social capital
International bank lending : water flowing uphill?
A survey of financial liberalization
This paper examines possible effects of EU membership and the shift to the euro on the monetary and exchange rate policies of Estonia, Latvia, and Lithuania.The Baltics, which have extensive economic integration with euro-area states, all apply monetary policies based on fixed exchange rates.Estonia’s kroon is pegged directly to the euro.The external value of the Latvian lats is determined by a currency basket with a heavy euro weighting.Lithuania is currently shifting its peg of the litas from the US-dollar to a euro-dominated basket.The switch to the euro as the Baltics’ anchor currency has compelling practical reasons.Euro-area countries now provide a significant share of foreign direct investment into the Baltics and they collectively comprise the Baltics’ largest trading partner.The Baltic financial sectors are also extensively integrated with the euro area.Finally, the Baltic economies are natural candidates for fixed exchange rates, due to their small size and openness.Nevertheless, fixed exchange rate regimes always involve risks.Two of the biggest challenges facing the Baltic states are finding ways to keep productivity growth in line with real wage growth and increasing the flexibility of labor markets. .
Entrepreneurial business opportunity recognition : relationships between intellectual and social capital, environmental dynamism, opportunity recognition behavior, and performance
