http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p19967 cultivated forests
cultivated forests
Forestry in a global context
Persistent poverty : underdevelopment in plantation economies of the Third World
Taungya : forest plantations with agriculture in Southeast Asia : interplanting crops can reduca land use conflicts and increase sustainability of forest in less developed countries
Plantation forests and biodiversity : oxymoron or opportunity?
Seasonal fluctuations of Collembola along the slope of a pine forest plantation in Central Java
Seedling establishment and growth after direct seeding with Pinus sylvestris : effects of seed type, seed origin, and seeding year
The reorganisation of management of industrial plantations and restructuring options for the forestry department
Fine-root production and carbon and nitrogen allocation in basket willows
Reorganisation of management of industrial plantations : report prepared for the Kenya Forestry Development Project
Planted forests : uses, impacts and sustainability
Soil hydrological properties and conditions, site preparation, and the long-term performance of planted Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris L.) on upland forest sites in Finnish Lapland
Disease problems in root trainer forest nurseries in Kerala state and their management
Wood fuel from early thinning and plantation cleaning : an international review
Potential of plant products for the management of whiteflies in nurseries
Economic analysis of plantation forests in Kenya : LMST method applied
Snag abundance and species composition in a managed forest landscape in central Japan composed of Larix kaempferi plantations and secondary broadleaf forests
Carbon sequestration by New Zealand's plantation forests
Aracruz - a paragon of the prospering Brazilian pulp industry
Comparison of co-existing forestry and reindeer husbandry value chains in northern Sweden
Abstract.
Alternative projections of the impacts of private investement on southern forests: a comparison of two large-scale forest sector models of the United States
Profitability of pine timber growing for sawlog production in an industrial forest plantation in Zimbabwe : investment analysis case study
Ecological development in the humid tropics : guidelines for planners
Seed orchards are the link between tree breeding and reforestation. This paper presents data on cone, seed and pollen production and seed quality gathered over 21 years in a Pinus sylvestris (L.) experimental seed orchard containing plots with 14 different combinations of stand density and targeted pruning height. The treatments' stand densities ranged from 267 to 4000 stems ha-1, and the target graft heights ranged from 2 to 6 meters. Pollen production began at the same orchard age for all studied combinations of stand density and target height but the level of pollen production per hectare increased more rapidly in treatments with higher stand densities. In treatments with dense spacing, cone and seed production initially increased more rapidly than in treatments with wider spacing, thereby providing an earlier return on investment and a shorter seed production lag time. However, the levels of cone and seed production in such treatments over the entire study period were not appreciably different to those achieved in treatments with wider spacing and higher target height. The treatments did not differ substantially with respect to seed quality. These results show that comparable levels of seed production can be obtained with different combinations of stand density and target height, giving seed orchard owners and managers a wide range of viable management options..
Influence of soil preparation on the success of Norway spruce plantation on fine-grained soil
Optimal regeneration method - planting vs. natural regeneration of Scots pine in northern Sweden
Biological activity of soil under rubber plantations in Côte d'Ivoire
International policy development for sustainable forest management with special reference to potential risks of timber plantations in China
Pinus contorta growth in boreal Sweden as affected by combined lupin treatment and soil scarification
The employment impact of the Tanzanian softwood plantations
Proceedings of the OSCAR Workshop : mechanized and efficient silviculture : November 25–26, 2015 Natural Resources Institute Finland, Suonenjoki Research Unit, Finland
Diseases and insects in forest nurseries : proceedings of the 5th Meeting of IUFRO Working Party S7.03.04, may 6-8, 2003, at Peechi, Kerala, India
Sustainable management of Pinus radiata plantations
Variation of colour and selected physical and mechanical properties related to artificial drying of sawn silver birch (Betula pendula Roth) timber from plantations
Forest management plan for Longuza teak plantations Tanzania
Forestry in Malå, northern Sweden, coexists with other land uses. Reindeer husbandry is in the area for centuries and requires large areas of grazing land. Competing land uses may threaten the Malå Sami village. The aim of the study was to evaluate increased consideration in forest management towards 1) reindeer husbandry, 2) nature and 3) a combination of the two. These scenarios were compared with forest management as it was in 2009. Results indicate that all three scenarios lead to a decrease in annual harvesting volumes of 0.2 to 0.4 million m3. Forest industry dominated the economic viability in the area. Forest management adapted to the needs of reindeer husbandry resulted in less potential for yearly harvest, employment and profits from forest industry. On the other hand, it led to an increase in growing stock and consequently the potential for carbon sequestration over time. Indeed the increased sequestration would compensate for all fossil emissions of carbon from the Forest Wood Chain (FWC). The nature scenario had minor effects on economic result and on the emissions of fossil carbon. The combined scenario gave a reduced economic performance for the FWC. A scenario based on forest management accommodating the needs of reindeer husbandry gave the best economic result for the reindeer chain, due to high survival rate of the reindeer. However the economic importance of reindeer husbandry in the region was small compared to the FWC. Results from scenario analysis could serve as a platform for mutual understanding between stakeholders.
Biogeochemistry in acid sulphate soil landscapes and small urban centres in Western Finland
Results from irrigated species and provenance trials in Bura, Kenya
Nursery pest problems on some native tree species in Kerala province, India
Arauco Valdivia produces eucalyptus and pine pulp
A preliminary silvicultural classification of Malaŵi
Review of forest industrial plantations methods of royalty assessment and revenue collection : World bank conditionality for Kenya forestry development project (Kenya forestry IV )
Tree - cover crop interactions : birch growth, competition and soil properties
Criteria and indicators for sustainable plantation forestry in Indonesia
Effects of young pine plantations on the beetle assemblages of the Patagonian steppe
A review of Chilean forestry: a deforestation threat with high success in plantations
Silviculture in the tropics
Silviculture in the tropics : tropical forest ecosystems and their tree species : possibilities and methods for their long-term utilization
Mixed and pure forest plantations in the tropics and subtropics
Establishment and management of tree plantations in southern and eastern Africa : proceedings of the meeting in Lisbon, Portugal, 23-27 October, 2000
Site management and productivity in tropical plantation forests : proceedings of workshops in Piracicaba (Brazil) 22-26 November 2004 and Bogor (Indonesia) 6-9 November 2006
Impacts of indigenous and exotic tree species on ecosystem services : case study on the mountain cloud forests of Taita Hills, Kenya
Carbon sequestration in industrial eucalyptus plantations in Guangxi, southern China
Wood ash application effects on elemental turnover in a cutover peatland and uptake in vegetation
Advancing Agroforestry on the Policy Agenda : a guide for decision-makers
Forest nursery waste composting in windrows with or without horse manure or urea : the composting process and nutrient leaching
Carbon sequestration potential of agroforestry systems : opportunities and challenges
Optimal harvesting of Tectona grandis plantation stands in Costa Rica
Dynamics of hydrology and nutrient lossess as response to establishment of forest plantation : a case study on tropical rainforest land in Sabah, Malaysia
Tree crop ecosystems
Seed health problems in tropical forest tree seeds and their impact on seedling production
Comparison of growth, nutrition and soil properties of pure and mixed stands of Populus deltoides and Alnus subcornata
Tropical forest genetics
Growing plantation forests
Forest plantations on Imperata grasslands in Indonesia : establishment, silviculture and utilization potential
Biodiversity management in fast-growing tree plantations : a case study from West Kalimantan, Indonesia
There is great temporal and spatial variation in precipitation in Finland. Both drought episodes and repeated, abundant rains may interfere with crop growth, yield and quality formation, and many agricultural operations (such as tillage, sowing, crop protection and harvesting). The windows for optimal operations are often narrow due to the short growing season and variable weather conditions. Field traffic at high soil moisture may e.g. cause soil compaction. Also, the high environmental footprint on agriculture under high latitude conditions is often attributable to fluctuations in precipitation. The station-wise precipitation observations from the Finnish Meteorological Institute for the time period of 54 years (1961‒2014) were interpolated to a regular 10 km × 10 km grid covering the whole country. Several successive time slices were used to calculate the likelihood of: 1) drought periods and 2) periods with repeated rains with above normal precipitation sum so that both of these lasted for at least a) two weeks or b) three weeks. We demonstrated substantial spatial and temporal variation in the likelihood of drought and repeated rains: drought episodes were common during the early half of the growing season, while again repeated rains with high accumulated precipitation (lasting for two weeks) became common in the latter part of the growing season. Though, we highlighted in this paper some examples of how these events may affect agriculture and their environmental impacts, the datasets published here may be applied for many other assessments.
Models for the sustainable management of temperate plantation forests : proceedings of the International Workshop, Bordeaux, France, 7-9 September 2000
Effects of pruning and stand density on cone and pollen production in an experimental Pinus sylvestris seed orchard
Eucalypt debarking at the stump with harvester head technology
Factors contributing direct investments in forest plantations
Norway spruce conversion : options and consequences
Towards climate-responsible peatlands management
The quality and value of sawn goods from plantation-grown scots pine
The management of industrial forest plantations : theoretical foundations and applications
Polyamine metabolism of Scots pine under abiotic stress
Use of pesticides in Finnish forest nurseries in 1996.
The financial profitability of giant bamboo plantations : a case study in Khon Kaen province Northeastern Thailand
Productivity of the M-Planter tree-planting device in practice
Comparative study of the Risutec Automatic Plant Container (APC) and Bracke planting devices
Insect pests and diseases in Indonesian forests : an assessment of major threats, research efforts and literature
Votorantim Group - an expansive pulp and paper supplier in Brazil
Evaluating three innovative financial instruments of the Costa Rican plantation forest system
Wood quality in plantation-grown Scots pine
The development of small-log harvesting for the Indonesian pulp and paper industries
Utilisation possibilities of eight fast-growing plantation tree species in South Kalimantan, Indonesia
Summary.
Spatial and temporal variation in weather events critical for boreal agriculture: II Precipitation
Pests and diseases of sandalwood plants in nurseries and their management
Building deployment portfolios for genotypes under performance instability
Manual harvesting time and productivity in Stora Enso Guangxi forest plantations, China
Spatial distribution of water use by eucalyptus plantations in a small catchment in Guangxi, South China : a modelling and GIS approach
On the basic density of plantation-grown Norway spruce = Viljelykuusikoitten puuaineen tiheydestä
Some notes to identify and discuss cooperation in forestry research in the East Usambara mountains
Integration of indigenous tree species into fast-growing forest plantations on Imperata grasslands in Indonesia : Silvicultural solutions and their ecological and practical implications. Riikka Otsamo
Profitability of teak in Costa Rica : management and maintenance of two tree plantation enterprises
Multiple resource use on Sappi tree farms in South Africa
Planting quality timber trees in peninsular Malaysia : a review
Recommendations for wildlife corridors and the extension and management of forest reserves in the East Usambara mountains, Tanzania
Social impacts of forest plantations in deforested areas : two cases from Zimbabwe and Indonesia
Control of nursery diseases and pests in Finnish forest tree nurseries
Short-rotation tree plantations and hydrological aspects in landfill management
A review of growth and yield models for plantation forests in eastern and Southern Africa
Fill-in seedlings in constituting the stocking of Scots pine stands in northern Finland
Fungal diseases in forest nurseries in Shimoga district, Karnataka, India
Volume production in different silvicultural systems for 85 years in a mixed Picea abies-Pinus sylvestris forest in central Sweden.
Fibre supply: the achilles heel of the global pulp and paper industry
Impacts of tree improvement on genetic structure and diversity of planted forests
Economic impacts of carbon sequestration in reforestation: examples from boreal and moist tropical conditions
Bark surface temperature measurements on the boles of wild cherry (Prunus avium) grown within an agroforestry system
Improvement of seedling production system in forestry sector and its impact on seedling health
Review of wood fuel from precommercial thinning in Great Britain
Competitiveness of the Brazilian pulp and paper industry
Afforestation of clayey soils in Northern Mozambique : an evaluation of a species trial : October 9 to December 4, 1987
Slash pine plantation management with stochastic prices : optimal harvest strategy and silvicultural regime
The indigenous agroforestry systems of the south-eastern Rift Valley escarpment, Ethiopia : their biodiversity, carbon stocks, and litterfall
The growht [p.o. growth] and yield of Acacia mangium at young age in a plantation in Thailand
Deforestation and reforestation in Hainan : roles of markets and institutions
Diseases of forest trees widely planted as exotics in the tropics and southern hemisphere. Part 2, The genus Pinus
Survey, cause and countermeasures of atmospheric pollution in Fushun
The ecosystem services approach in corporate sustainability : results from industrial plantation forestry in China
Height increment of hybrid aspen Populus tremuloides × P. tremula as a function of weather conditions in south-western part of Latvia
Plantation forestry in the tropics : tree planting for industrial, social, environmental, and agroforestry purposes
Bioenergy tree plantations in the tropics : ecological implications and impacts
Luonnontuotealan valtakunnallinen tutkimusseminaari : 5.10.2010 Joensuu, Itä-Suomen yliopisto = Proceedings of the national research seminar on nature products, Joensuu, October 5, 2010
Studies on social forestry in India : management perspectives
The growht and yield of Acacia mangium at young age in a plantation in Thailand
Diseases and disorders of forest trees : a guide to identifying causes of ill-health in woods and plantations
Ecosystem goods and services from plantation forests
Silviculture : concepts and applications
Growing Prunus avium L. within an agroforestry system (AFS) may result in sun damage to cambial tissues on sun-exposed bole faces. There are two periods of risk of damage caused by insolation to exposed tree boles, the summer, when cambial temperatures become too high, or during winter, when the frozen dormant cambium tissue thaws and then rapidly re-freezes, a phenomenon commonly referred to as sunscald or southwest disease. Damage on the south western bole face was observed on a number of P. avium within an AFS. Five trees were sampled to assess the period in time that damage occurred. To retrospectively investigate such damage, bark surface temperature data were collected over a two year period for a further five P. avium and analysed. It was shown that bark surface temperature on the south western bole face reached nearly 50 °C during summer and experienced a maximum range of 38 °C within a 24 hour period in spring. A specially formulated white paint was applied to two trees, thus, testing a method to reduce the risk of sun damage. Two models were constructed to predict maximum and minimum daily bark surface temperature using maximum, minimum and mean daily air temperature, daily sum of sunshine hours, cloud cover, wind speed, relative humidity, maximum solar elevation and height on the tree bole as predictor variables. The damage occurred during winter 2009/2010. The models were used to identify maximum and minimum bark surface temperatures during that winter enabling the identification of possible damage events..
World wood fibre study. Vol. 1, Analysis and forecast
Modelling the growth, yield and management of Eucalyptus grandis (Hill) Maiden plantations in Zimbabwe
Impact of fire on Finnish forests in the past and today
Criteria and indicators for sustainable plantation forestry in India
Tree planters' notes
Plantation or conversion - the debate! : ideas presented and discussed at a joint EFI Project-Centre conference held 21-23 May 2006 in Freiburg, Germany
Fast-wood forestry : myths and realities
