http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1994 Lepidoptera
Lepidoptera butterflies
Mad about minibeasts!
13 European Congress of Lepidopterology : Korsør (Denmark) June 1-6, 2002 : [abstracts]
Butterflies of Britain & Europe
A monograph of the family Arrhenophanidae (Lepidoptera:Tineoidea)
Classification of Lepidoptera. Part 1, Introduction
The moths of North America including Greenland : Noctuoidea, Noctuidae (part), Zyleninae (part), Apameini (part--Apamea group of Genera)
The moths of Borneo. 9, Geometridae (incl. Orthostixini), Oenochrominae, Desmobathrinae, Geometrinae, Ennominae addenda
Butterflies of New Zealand
Tinea
A field guide to the smaller British Lepidoptera
Coleophoridae, Coleophorinae (Lepidoptera)
The genitalia of the British rhopalocera and the larger moths : an account of the morphology of the male clasping organs and the corresponding organs of the female
Chinese butterfly designs : CD-ROM & book
Keys to the insects of the European part of the USSR. Vol. 4, Lepidoptera : part 2
The other insect societies
The illustrated encyclopedia of the buttefly world in color : Over 2000 species reproduced life size
Advances in ecological research : Vol. 18. 18
Lepidoptera conservation in a changing world
Butterfly communities in relation to changes in the management of agricultural environments
Systematics and biology of the genus Macrocneme Hübner (Lepidoptera: Ctenuchidae)
Butterflies and moths
Bugs & minibeasts
Explore the deadly world of bugs, snakes, spiders, crocodiles and hundreds of other amazing reptiles and insects : the dramatic lives and conflicts of the world's strangest creatures shown in 1500 amazing close-up photographs
The illustrated encyclopedia of butterflies & moths
The Lepidoptera of Europe : a distributional checklist
Hierodoris (Insecta: Lepidoptera: Gelechioidea: Oecophoridaeae)
The Concise Atlas of Butterflies of the World
Evolution of insect life histories in relation to time constraints in seasonal environments : polymorphism and clinal variation
The dispersal-vicariance pendulum and butterfly biogeography
Enumeratio insectorum Fenniae : Lepidoptera
Key to the British and French species of Phyllonorycter Hübner (Lithocolletis Hübner) (Lep., Gracillariidae)
"Researchers in the field of ecological genomics aim to determine how a genome or a population of genomes interacts with its environment across ecological and evolutionary timescales. Ecological genomics is trans-disciplinary by nature. Ecologists have turned to genomics to be able to elucidate the mechanistic bases of the biodiversity their research tries to understand. Genomicists have turned to ecology in order to better explain the functional cellular and molecular variation they observed in their model organisms. We provide an advanced-level book that covers this recent research and proposes future development for this field. A synthesis of the field of ecological genomics emerges from this volume. Ecological Genomics covers a wide array of organisms (microbes, plants and animals) in order to be able to identify central concepts that motivate and derive from recent investigations in different branches of the tree of life. Ecological Genomics covers 3 fields of research that have most benefited from the recent technological and conceptual developments in the field of ecological genomics: the study of life-history evolution and its impact of genome architectures; the study of the genomic bases of phenotypic plasticity and the study of the genomic bases of adaptation and speciation." -- (Back Cover)
Forest lepidoptera of Canada recorded by the Forest Insect Survey. Volume 4, Microlepidoptera
Caterpillars can't fly
Distribution, abundance and species richness of butterflies and myrmecophilous beetles
The essence of Chinese brush painting : birds, blossoms, butterflies
Checklist of the Geometridae (Lepidoptera) of the former U.S.S.R
Beautiful butterflies : described and illustrated with the history of a butterfly through all its changes and transformations and an explanation of the scientific terms used by naturalists in reference thereto
The genitalia of the group Tortricidæ of the Lepidoptera of the British Islands : an account of the morphology of the male clasping organs and the corresponding organs of the female
Host-parasitoid relationship in different Cotesia melitaearum and Melitaea cinxia populations around the Baltic Sea
A revision of the Nearctic species of Elachista s. l.. 2, The argentella group (Lepidoptera, Elachistidae)
Functional genomics of the Glanville fritillary butterfly
Beaded bugs
Moths of Australia
If your dreams take off and fly
Little butterfly
Butterflies and climate change
Full color decorative butterfly illustrations : CD-ROM and book
Gone with the wool
The butterflies of Indiana
Yorkshire lepidoptera 2005
Clothes-moths of the Tinea pellionella complex : a revision of the world's species (Lepidoptera: Tineidae)
Photographic guide to the butterflies of Britain and Europe
The very hungry caterpillar
Jeweled bugs and butterflies
Ecology of butterflies in Europe
Japan heterocerists' journal
Popular summary in Swedish.
Butterflies and moths at home : sixty photographs from nature
A field guide to caterpillars of butterflies and moths in Britain and Europe
Trophic interactions of invase forest herbivores and consequences for the resident ecosystem
The genitalia of the group Geometridæ of the Lepidoptera of the British Islands : an account of the morphology of the male clasping organs and the corresponding organs of the female
Caterpillar dreams
British tortricoid moths. [Vol. 1], Cochylidae and Tortricidae: Tortricinae
Annotated list of Ontario Lepidoptera
Lepidoptera news
All colour book of butterflies
What is a butterfly
Moths
Are you a butterfly?
The moths and butterflies of Great Britain and Ireland. Vol. 9, Sphingidae - Noctuidae : Noctuinae and Hadeninae
The butterfly friendly garden : make your garden the perfect place for butterflies
Ecological genomics : ecology and the evolution of genes and genomes
Wild ones :  a sometimes dismaying, weirdly reassuring story about looking at people looking at animals in America
World butterflies
Butterflies and moths : [a superbly illustrated guide to the more common British and European species]
Psychids as major pests of nursery plants of Rhizophora mucronata, an important mangrove species along the West Coast
Life history evolution in a bivoltine butterfly
Fine lines : Vladimir Nabokov's scientific art
Butterflies and frogs. Level 3
The migration of butterflies
A comparison of the butterfly fauna of agricultural habitats under different management history in Finnish and Russian Karelia
Escape flight in butterflies
The very hungry caterpillar's Christmas 123
Larvae of the British Lepidoptera not figured by Buckler
The illustrated encyclopedia of the butterfly world
Butterfly communities on field margins : effects of changes in farming methods and adjacent forest cuttings (Lepidoptera: Hesperioidea, Papilionoidea)
The moths of Borneo. 11, Geometridae, Ennominae
Adaptation of a generalist moth, Operophtera brumata, to host plants
Moustachapillar
Everything you need to know about bugs
Trichoptera : hydroptilidae
The plasticity and geography of host use and the diversification of butterflies
The hand of nature : butterflies, beetles and dragonflies
Butterflies of the world
The evolution of territoriality in butterflies
Ecology and evolution of butterfly host plant range
Dusti zibatarin hadiyah = Dostayati, bashtrin diyari = Friendship, the best gift
Butterfly research in I.T.E
Butterflies of the Afrotropical region
Seasonal feeding strategies of subarctic zooplankton
Ecology and conservation of the butterfly Lopinga achine
20 ways to draw a butterfly and 44 other things with wings : a sketchbook for artists, designers, and doodlers
Glyphipterigidae auctorum sensu lato : (Glyphipterygidae sensu Meyrick, 1913)
The fascinating world of butterflies & moths
The very hungry caterpillar sound book
The Genitalia of the Tineid Families of the Lepidoptera of the British Islands : an Account of the Morphology of the Male Clasping Organs and the Corresponding Organs of the Female
Lepidoptera of Lithuania : Annotated catalogue = Lietuvos drugiai (Lepidoptera) Katalogas
Microlepidoptera of Europe, vol. 4 : pyraloidea 1
Butterflies of the wood
Butterfly life history and mating systems
Fauna of the U.S.S.R. : Lepidoptera. Volume 3, 2, Psychidae
Elachistine moths of Australia (Lepidoptera: Gelechioidea: Elachistidae)
Evolution and ecological aspects of parthenogenetic and sexual bagworm moths (Lepidoptera: Psychidae: Naryciinae)
British tortricoid moths. [Vol. 2], Tortricidae: Olethreutinae
South African Lepidoptera. Volume 1, Lithocolletidae
The moths and butterflies of Great Britain and Ireland. Vol. 10, Noctuidae : Cuculliinae to Hypeninae, and Agaristidae
Tortricoidea : Tortricidae (part), Tortricinae (part), Sparganothini and Atteriini
Systematic revision of the Ecdytolopha group of genera (Lepidoptera: Tortricidae: Grapholitini) in yhe New World
An identification guide to the British pugs : Lepidoptera:geometridae : the genera Eupithecia curtis, Chloroclystis Hübner, Gymnoscelis Mabille and Anticollix Prout
The lepidopterists' news
Beaded wild animals : puffy critters for key chains, dangles, jewelry
The distribution of European Macrolepidoptera : Faunistica, Lepidopterorum, Europaeorum. Vol. 1 : Noctuinae 1
Monitoring the abundance of butterflies 1976-1985
Check-list of Lithuanian Lepidoptera = Lietuvos drugiu̜ sa̜raǎs
Life history analysis of growth strategies in temperate butterflies
Collins butterfly guide : [the most complete guide to the butterflies of Britain and Europe]
A check list of British insects. Part 2, Lepidoptera
The complete British butterflies in colour
The story of the butterfly children
Exotic butterflies charted designs
The distribution atlas of European butterflies
Moths of Western North America
Butterflies of Britain and Europe
The effect of landscape structure on butterfly movement in power line rights-of-ways
Genital variation in moths : evolutionary and systematic perspectives
Journal of the Lepidopterists' Society
Night visions : the secret designs of moths
In pursuit of butterflies : a fifty-year affair
Larvae of insects : an introduction to Nearctic species. Part 1, Lepidoptera and plant infesting Hymenoptera
Checklist of Finnish Lepidoptera = Suomen perhosten luettelo
Amazing butterflies & moths
The Elachistidae (Lepidoptera) of Fennoskandia and Denmark
Butterflies of Cyprus 1998 : (records of a yearś sightings)
Host range of lichenivorous moths with special reference to nutritional quality and chemical defence in lichens
The illustrated encyclopedia of butterflies
Investigations on the Lepidoptera of Newfoundland I. Macrolepidoptera
Trichoptera : Hydroptilidae
Fatty acyl reductases and fatty acyl desaturases : deciphering the biosynthesis of species-specific moth female sex pheromones from common fatty acids
Tropical lepidoptera news
A resource-based habitat view for conservation : butterflies in the British landscape
Elmer and butterfly
The influence of disturbance on lepidopteran larvae and their seasonality on a constant resource : implications for conservation
