http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1992 transport services
transport services transportation services
Evaluation of the performance of network industries providing services of general economic interest : 2006 report
Third party relationships in logistics services
The trans-European transport network : transforming a patchwork into a network
Beyond business logistics : selected full papers presented at the 20th Anniversary NOFOMA 2008 logistics conference held in June 2008 at Hanken (the Swedish School of Economics and Business Administration) in Helsinki, Finland
The economics of urban transportation
Handbook of logistics and distribution management
Intermodal transport of granite from Southern Vietnam to Northern Europe : case: Sai Gon Cuu Long Logistics and Trading Company
Principles of transportation economics
Global logistics : new directions in supply chain management
Essays in trade in services : difficulties and possibilities
Trans-European transport network : revised proposals on guidelines and financial rules 2004
Contemporary logistics
Travel trade and transport
Developing intermodal services by networking strategies
Abstract:.
Diary of a pilot
Logistics
Aramis or the love of technology
Supply chain management : best practices
The service concept and image of a transportation company
Death of a dissident : an Inspector Porfiry Rostnikov mystery
Business travel
Strategic logistics management
The handbook of logistics contracts : a practical guide to a growing field
Logistical management : the integrated supply chain process
B2B SaaS service sales for small and medium sized transportation enterprises
Tourism marketing : service and quality management perspectives
The freedom to provide maritime transport services
Supply chain management : the basics and beyond
"'Since the 1990s, tourism has become a major driver of economic activity and community development in Brazil. New policies and approaches, growing expertise and investment in tourism have brought significant transformation in tourism products, destination development and community involvement. In addition Brazil will be hosting two major sport events in the years ahead, i.e. the Soccer World Cup, in 2014, and the Olympic Games in Rio de Janeiro, in 2016. Brazil offers many cultural and natural attractions but, similar to many other developing countries, it still struggles with issues such as infrastructure, accessibility, product development, service quality, market access and workforce training. This book provides an in-depth examination of tourism in Brazil, critically reviewing its development and management. The social, economic, political and environmental contexts of this emerging global power provide an intriguing backdrop. The book considers important development issues such as the changing policy context, community benefit tourism and indigenous tourism. It explores the impacts of tourism on the environment, changing community attitudes towards tourism, transport infrastructure and sustainability issues in events. Particular segments are explored including backpacker tourism, sensual tourism, adventure tourism and ecotourism and the implications for tourism research and education are examined. The book draws from theoretical foundations and practical insights, and gives voice to Brazilian researchers who are actively engaged in researching tourism. Drawing from cutting edge cross-cultural research, this original and timely book will be of interest to students, researchers and academics in the areas of Tourism, Geography and related disciplines.'"--
The Facilities Management Handbook gives a complete overview of the role of a Facilities Manager. It provides all the relevant legal compliance, strategic policies and best practice information needed to ensure the safe, efficient and cost-effective running of any facilities function. Complete with checklists and sources of further information, this book offers easy-to-find practical advice to this broad and complex field. This new edition reflects the greater awareness of sustainable practices, as well as bringing the book up-to-date in line with changes to legislation. This title: clearly explains UK Health & Safety legislation providing unambiguous information needed for legal compliance; gives an overview to the diverse duties covered by a facilities manager, eliminating the need for separate references; and, includes checklists and sources of further information for easy-to-find advice.
Transport networks and the spatial economy : a general equilibrium analysis
Integrated distribution management : competing on customer service, time and cost
The prime objective for writing this thesis was to introduce the concept of modern logistics and to survey both the elements of modern logistics management and specific example that can be helpful in fully understanding such a management in practical application. The well-known management guru Peter Drucker once described logistics as the last profit frontier. As a result, in business, either manufacturing or merchandising, should be of comprehension to the essentials of logistics management to build and manage an efficient logistics system. Retailer giant Wal-Mart, as one of the world's top 500 enterprises, has been holding a position of prestige in the global procurement market. Moreover, Wal-Mart attributes its success to the application of logistics modernization. Clearly, Wal-Mart has been aware that managing the entire modern logistics procedure – from procurement, transportation, distribution, to supply chain and customer service is crucial to maximize profits and minimize costs.
Discusses the radical companies of the new Silicon Valley that are rewriting the rules of business and sidestepping ethical and legal obstacles in the process.
Transport communications : understanding global networks enabling transport services
Cases in strategic management
Developing co-operation with transportation companies : case: Uponor Finland Oy
Air transport
Foundations of service science a aragmatic approach
Managing the supply chain : a strategic perspective
Strategic management of port operations : a theoretical review of the concepts of strategic management with some practical applications to main general cargo ports in Finland
Evaluation of the Finnish Aino Programme 2004-2007
Transport systems are continuously evolving. A modern transport system needs to be sustainable socially, economically and environmentally. In recent decades, technological development, especially in information and communication technology, has affected today's transport systems. Three different cases are explored in this dissertation: intelligent transport systems in general, electromobility systems, and road weather and maintenance systems. Intelligent transport systems encompass a broad range of information and communication technologies that improve the safety, efficiency and performance of the transportation system. In addition to intelligent transport systems, electric vehicle systems have emerged because of increasing environmental concerns as well as oil depletion issues. Furthermore, the road weather and maintenance system is an interesting case especially in latitudes with severe weather. Despite vast amounts of recent research on the aforementioned topics, most previous studies have focused on the technical side, such as developing, prototyping and testing the technologies, whereas only a few studies have focused on the business aspects. Therefore, this dissertation aims to enrich the analysis of the emerging transportation sector under technological change from the business perspective and to provide new insights for future research. The purpose of this study is to explore the emerging transportation sector from several viewpoints by conducting empirical case studies. The cases covered are analysed through the perspectives of markets, business ecosystems and business models. The geographical scope of the research is mainly limited to Finland, especially its intelligent transport systems and road weather maintenance infrastructure. The global perspective is adopted in the case of electric vehicles. The nature of this research is qualitative, and inductive reasoning is applied. The research examines the characteristics of the market, business ecosystem, and business models that emerge transport systems under technological change. Furthermore, based on the findings of the case studies, a holistic framework model is developed to understand the technological system by integrating the viewpoints of markets, business ecosystems and business models
The travel industry
Brute force : the story of Finnish ice-breaking
Facilities management handbook
The handbook of logistics and distribution management
Development of Home Delivery Service in South Ostrobothnia
Logistics operations and management : concepts and models
Decision support for the strategic management of logistic service
The variables affecting transport mode selection in cost and service context at Forchem Oy
Transport systems, policy and planning : a geographical approach
Customer claims : DHL Lahti
Home service concept : from user needs to services
Tourism in Brazil : environment, management and segments
Routing analysis using intermodal transport chains : case: DSV Road Oy
Effective fleet management as a catalyst for profitable logistics business : commissioned by Mufam Advance Trust Limited
Russian customers' satisfaction with the services provided by transport Huttunen Ltd
Perceive, conceive, achieve: the sustainable city : a European tetralogy. 3, Transport and public spaces : the connective tissue of the sustainable city
Multinational crime : terrorism, espionage, drug and arms tafficking
Global logistics management : a competitive advantage for the new millennium
Routing analysis via Baltica, 2015 impacts of sulphur restrictions on transport service production : case: DSV Road Oy
Railways, airports and sea container operators as publicly listed companies - financial performance and shareholder value creation perspective
Modern logistics management : case: Wal-Mart Beijing, China
Safety and service quality in Finnish bulk shipping
Improving air cargo express services
The Airbnb story : how three guys disrupted an industry, made billions of dollars ... and plenty of enemies
Increasing the level of customer service with the help of intermediate storing and transports from Rauma, Finland to Bochum, Germany
Feasibility of Cloud Services for Customer Relationship Management in Small Business : A Drupal Approach towards Software as a Service
Snakehead : Alex Rider
The management of business logistics : a supply chain perspective
Business logistics/supply chain management : planning, organizing, and controlling the supply chain
Transport consumers' long-term mobility : a gender perspective on mobility and transport policy
Express delivery & competition : case study Air France Express (UK), DHL (Finland)
Evolution of countainer transport : services, management and technologies
Abstract: Russian customers' satisfaction with the services provided by transport Huttunen Ltd.
Adoption of the alcohol interlock and its effects in professional transport
Vietnamese logistics and transportation - a potential market for Finnish freight forwarding company : Oy Hacklin Logistics Ltd
Statistics in focus. Distributive trades, services and transport
Potential transport company selection in China
The catch : a novel
Third party logistics : outsourcing logistics in partnerships
Exploring the transport system under technological change : market, business ecosystem and business model viewpoints
Handbook of service science
Conceptualization of Trolley Service : Determine Nature and Quality of Trolley Service
Red One Plus Ltd: for the satisfaction of customers and nature : towards sustainable development
A new approach to setting the future transport agenda
The Motivations of Catering Companies to Deliver Food to Elderly People
Diamonds are forever
The upstarts : how Uber, Airbnb, and the killer companies of the new Silicon Valley are changing the world
