http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p19949 insurance against loss or damage
insurance against loss or damage indemnity insurance
Main engine damage : what can we learn from costs of USD 55,745,838?
General average : law and practice
Developing service quality and efficiency : case: Tapiola's international motor vehicle claims unit
Environmental liabilities and insurance
Vakuutusyhtiöt : = Försäkringsbolagen = The insurance companies. 2007
P&I and environmental damage
Predicting the yield of spring wheat by weather indices in Finland : implications for designing weather index insurances
Atiyah's Accidents, compensation and the law
Damages for non-pecuniary loss in a comparative perspective
"In this book Kenneth Abraham explores the development and interdependency of the tort liability regime and the insurance system in the United States during the twentieth century and beyond, including the events of September 11, 2001."--R©♭sum©♭ de l'©♭diteur.
Marine claims handbook
Liability for and insurability of biomedical research with human subjects in a comparative perspective
Catastrophic yield risks and the demand for crop insurance in Finland
Complementary scheme for compensating environmental damage : extract from the report of an ad hoc Environmental Economics Committee
Compensation for personal injury in a comparative perspective
Studies on filed and compensated claims for patient injuries
Crop insurance for developing countries : study
Carriage of goods by sea, land and air : unimodal and multimodal transport in the 21st century
Essays on tort, insurance, law and society in honour of till Bill W. Dufwa
The liability century : insurance and tort law from the Progressive Era to 9/11
Older drivers in Finland : traffic safety and behavior
Long-term results and treatment injuries in pediatric tibial and femoral fractures
Insurance of crops in developing countries
Vakuutusyhtiöt = Försäkringsbolagen = The insurance companies. 2005
Vakuutusyhtiöt = Försäkringsbolagen = The insurance companies. 2004
Abstract in English.
This paper quantifies the spring wheat yield conditional on temperature- and rainfall-based weather indices in Finland. The estimating equations are standardized and simplified so that they provide information for designing tradable contracts. A simple basket of weather indices, consisting of growing degree days, night frost and rainfall measures, has the potential to hedge about 38% of the wheat grower yield risk, with the remaining 62% being left as uninsured basis risk. Our results have several important implications for the design of simple and tractable weather index-based insurance contracts. The data suggest that the marginal products of weather events have a large variation across time and they are the most significant within certain critical time periods. Therefore, the weather events triggering the indemnity payments should be bounded within certain critical time regimes over their distribution along the growing season.
Pollution law and insurance : a comparison of the legal regimes of European states and the USA
An introduction to P & I.
Carrier's liability in international carriage of goods by road in Finland and Estonia : A comparative study of mandatory provisions applying to carrier ́s liability and liability insurances covering carrier ́s liability
International encyclopedia of comparative law : under the auspices of the International Association of Legal Science. Volume 11, Chapter 14, Torts : Traffic accident compensation: law and proposals
In the public eye
Two per cent of marine claims account for 72 per cent of costs
Summary: The medicines-related injuries insurance in Finland.
Competence management and measurement practices : current status and future development in If P&C Insurance
Deterrence, insurability, and compensation in environmental liability : future developments in the European Union
Insurance in the EEC : the European Community's programme for a new regime
Compensation for personal injury in Sweden and other countries
