http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p19950 evangelicalism
evangelicalism
The Variety of American evangelicalism
Expecting the end : millennialism in social and historical context
The mission of an evangelist
Blessed assuarance : a history of evangelicalism in America
Mission according to John R. W. Stott : a study with special reference to the Ecumenicals and Evangelicals
Alister E. McGrath and evangelical theology : a dynamic engagement
Ambaricho and Shonkolla : from local independent church to the evangelical mainstream in Ethiopia : the origins of the Mekane Yesus Church in Kambata Hadiya
The politics of apocalypse : the history and influence of Christian Zionism
Ethnic patriotism and the East African Revival : a history of dissent, c. 1935-1972
The lost soul of American Protestantism
The Billy Graham religion
Victorian religious revivals : culture and piety in local and global contexts
I want to be a Christian
Fundamentalism and evangelicals
"... weaves together the strands of history, demographics and religion to present a breath-taking, full-color graphical and textual overview of the past, present and possible future of the Church around the world. ... a thought-provoking glimpse into likely scenarios humankind may face in the next 40 years. ... highlights the impact of evangelical Christianity over the past two centures, as well as the astonishing growth of Evangelicalism over the past half century. ... a special emphasis on the world's 12,000 people groups--especially those that have had least exposure to the Gospel. ... Johnstone homes in on the role of the local church in tackling the unfinished task of world evangelization, especially that of reaching the world's least evangelized peoples with the Gospel." -- back cover.
Emerging evangelicals : faith, modernity, and the desire for authenticity
Evangelically yours : ecumenical letters on contemporary evangelism
Religion in the Old South
The fervent embrace : liberal Protestants, evangelicals, and Israel
The dissenters. Volume 2, The expansion of evangelical nonconformity
Discovering an evangelical heritage
Evangelical and Methodist : a popular history
Evangelical Anglicans in a revolutionary age, 1789-1901
The religious right : a reference handbook
Global religious movements in regional context
It is generally accepted that Jews and evangelical Christians have little in common. Yet special alliances developed between the two groups in the nineteenth and twentieth centuries. Evangelicals viewed Jews as both the rightful heirs of Israel and as a group who failed to recognize their true savior. Consequently, they set out to influence the course of Jewish life by attempting to evangelize Jews and to facilitate their return to Palestine. Their double-edged perception caused unprecedented political, cultural, and theological meeting points that have revolutionized Christian-Jewish relationships. An Unusual Relationship explores the beliefs and political agendas that evangelicals have created in order to affect the future of the Jews. This volume offers a fascinating, comprehensive analysis of the roots, manifestations, and consequences of evangelical interest in the Jews, and the alternatives they provide to conventional historical Christian-Jewish interactions. It also provides a compelling understanding of Middle Eastern politics through a new lens.
God's daughters : Evangelical women and the power of submission
The Manila Manifesto : an elaboration of the Lausanne Covenant fifteen years later
Gallons of ink have been spilled in examining the influence of Evangelicals on American politics. Yet the conversation - among pundits, politicians, and scholars - has focused overwhelmingly on hot-button domestic issues, such as abortion and gay marriage. In Evangelicals and American Foreign Policy, Mark Amstutz looks beyond our shores at Evangelicals' role in American foreign affairs. Writers have generally traced Evangelicals' political awakening to the 1970s or, at the earliest, to World War II. But Amstutz digs deeper, arguing that Evangelicals were active in foreign affairs since at least the nineteenth century, when Protestant missionaries spread throughout the world, gaining fluency in foreign languages and developing knowledge of distant lands. They were on the front lines of American global engagement--serving as agents of humanitarianism and cultural transformation. Indeed, long before anyone had heard of Woodrow Wilson, Evangelicals were America's first internationalists. -- Publisher website.
Evangelicals & Scripture : tradition, authority, and hermeneutics
No North Sea : the Anglo-German evangelical network in the middle of the nineteenth century
Early evangelicalism : a global intellectual history, 1670-1789
The Anglican Church today : Anglican spirituality : a continuing tradition
Moody monthly anthology : Fiftieth anniversary edition, 1900-1950
Engaging with Barth : contemporary evangelical critiques
Evangelical theology : an introduction
A Moving Faith captures the dynamic shift of Christianity to the South and portrays a global movement that promises prosperity, healing, empowerment, and gender equality by invoking neo - Pentecostal and Charismatic resources. It postulates that neither North America nor Europe is the current center of the Christian faith. The book provides a detailed overview of how migration of Christians from the South enriches the North, for instance, Pope Francis brings newness, freshness, and the vigor characteristic of the South. While describing Christianity's growth in the South, it suggests that, in fact, there is no center for this global faith. It explores this great move of Christianity by focusing on representative mega churches in South Korea, Brazil, Peru, Ghana, Nigeria, Australia, India, and the Philippines. -- Review: "In A Moving Faith by Dr Jonathan James, we see for the first time in a single coherent volume, not only that global Christianity in the mega church is on the rise, but in a concrete way, we are able to observe in detail what this looks like across a wide variety of locations, cultures, and habitus." -- Virginia Garrard-Burnett "The 21st century-once predicted by many commentators to be the secular century-has turned out to be the century of the mega church. Mega churches are to be found in every continent and are not simply to be equated with Pentecostalism. This wide ranging and fascinating collection of essays on mega churches, their media, and marketing strategies opens up the field for further exploration." -- Brian Stanley "Mega churches, usually associated with big independent congregations in America, are seen to be prevalent throughout much of the rest of the world. The chapters in this book offer careful, thoughtful, and perceptive accounts of the mega church phenomenon in the South. All who are concerned not only about the spread, but also the integrity of the Christian faith will greatly appreciate this book which assists us to see the big picture of World Christianity." -- Professor Mark A. Noll
Theological education in the Evangelical tradition
Protestant nonconformist texts. Volume 2, The eighteenth century
Created for community : connecting Christian belief with Christian living
Anglican evangelicals : Protestant secessions from the Via Media, c. 1800-1850
The post-evangelical debate
MBI : the story of Moody Bible Institute
The dominance of evangelicalism : the age of Spurgeon and Moody
Left behind and the evangelical imagination
Debates waged between secularists and religious conservatives have convinced most Americans that public schools must choose between promoting respect for religious minorities and respecting the interests of conservative Christians. As a result, public schools fail to teach students about the meaning and value of protecting religious liberty and consequently perpetuate mistrust across the cultural divide, further empower extremists, and obscure the fact that most Americans of all religious backgrounds share a commitment to basic democratic principles. In response, the public schools in the religiously diverse and divided community of Modesto, California, have introduced a widely acclaimed required world religions course. Drawing on groundbreaking research on the creation of and response to the Modesto course as well as on political philosophy, Emile Lester advocates a civic approach to teaching about religion in public schools that at once emphasizes respect for all views about religion and provides a special recognition of conservative Christian beliefs.
Revivals were outburst of religious enthusiasm in which there were numerous conversions. They occurred in many places across the globe, but revealed the shared characteristics of evangelical Protestantism. In this book the phenomenon of revival is set in its broad historical context and a chapter discusses the ways in which the subject has been addressed by previous historians. Seven chapters provide detailed case-studies of awakenings that took place between 1841 and 1880 in Britain, North America, and Australia, showing that the distinctive features of particular revivals were the result less of national differences than of denominational variations. There is full exploration of the preconditions of revival, giving attention to the cultural setting of each episode as well as the form of piety displayed by the participants. No single cause can be assigned to the awakenings, but it is evident that occupational structure was one of the chief factors behind them and that striking instances of death were often a precipitant. It becomes apparent that ideas were far more involved in these events than historians have normally supposed, so that the case-studies demonstrate some of the main patterns in religious thought at a popular level during the Victorian period. Laymen and women played a disproportionate part in their promotion and converts were usually drawn in large numbers from the young. There was a trend over time away from traditional spontaneity towards more organised methods entailing interdenominational co-operation. The local studies reveal a great deal about global religious tendencies.
How to be evangelical without being conservative
The Anglican Communion and Scripture : papers from the first International Consultation of the Evangelical Fellowship in the Anglican Communion, Canterbury, UK, June 1993
People of the mandate : the story of the World Evangelical Fellowship
The Oxford handbook of evangelical theology
Protestant nonconformist texts. Volume 4, The twentieth century
The Emerging Church movement developed in the mid-1990s among primarily white, urban, middle-class pastors and laity who were disenchanted with America's conservative Evangelical sub-culture. It is a response to the increasing divide between conservative Evangelicals and concerned critics who strongly oppose what they consider overly slick, corporate, and consumerist versions of faith. A core feature of their response is a challenge to traditional congregational models, often focusing on new church plants and creating networks of related house churches. Drawing on three years of ethnographic fieldwork, James S. Bielo explores the impact of the Emerging Church movement on American Evangelicals. He combines ethnographic analysis with discussions of the movement's history, discursive contours, defining practices, cultural logics, and contentious interactions with conservative Evangelical critics to rethink the boundaries of "Evangelical" as a category. Ultimately, Bielo makes a novel contribution to our understanding of the important changes at work among American Protestants, and illuminates how Emerging Evangelicals interact with the cultural conditions of modernity, late modernity, and visions of "postmodern" Christianity. James S. Bielo is Visiting Assistant Professor of Anthropology at Miami University in Oxford, OH. He is the author of Words Upon the Word: An Ethnography of Evangelical Group Bible Study (NYU Press) and editor of The Social Life of Scriptures: Cross-cultural Perspectives on Biblicism.
Sacrament, sacrifice and eucharist : the meaning, function, and use of the Lord's supper
Protestant nonconformist texts. Volume 3, The nineteenth century
Early evangelicalism : a reader
Protestant evangelicalism: Britain, Ireland, Germany and America c. 1750-c.1950 : essays in honour of W. R. Ward
Requiem : a lament in three movements
A moving faith : mega churches go south
Evangelicalism : comparative studies of popular Protestantism in North America, the British Isles, and beyond, 1700-1990
The emergence of evangelicalism : exploring historical continuities
An unusual relationship : evangelical Christians and Jews
Either/or : the Gospel or neopaganism
The life of prayer in a world of science : Protestants, prayer and American culture, 1870-1930
The challenge of Marxism to evangelical Christianity with special reference to Ethiopia
The creed of an evangelical churchman
Exodus : why Americans are fleeing liberal churches for conservative Christianity
Evangelical Christianity and democracy in Asia
Godly ambition : John Stott and the Evangelical movement
Teaching the word, reaching the world
Beyond the impasse : toward a pneumatological theology of religions
Knowing christianity
Religion of fear : the politics of horror in conservative evangelicalism
The Christian witness of Sadhu Sundar Singh : a collection of his writings
Evangelical faith and the challenge of historical criticism
Canadian evangelicalism in the twentieth century : an introduction to its character
Teaching about religions : a democratic approach for public schools
Proclaiming Christ in Christ's way : studies in integral evangelism : essays presented to Walter Arnold on the occasion of his 60th birthday
Grace and truth in the secular age
Religion in the British Navy 1815-1879 : piety and professionalism
From Billy Graham to Sarah Palin : evangelicals and the betrayal of American conservatism
A passion for truth : the intellectual coherence of Evangelicalism
"Despite three decades of scientists' warnings and environmentalists' best efforts, the political will and public engagement necessary to fuel robust action on global climate change remain in short supply. Katharine K. Wilkinson shows that, contrary to popular expectations, faith-based efforts are emerging and strengthening to address this problem. In the US, perhaps none is more significant than evangelical climate care. Drawing on extensive focus group and textual research and interviews, Between God & Green explores the phenomenon of climate care, from its historical roots and theological grounding to its visionary leaders and advocacy initiatives. Wilkinson examines the movement's reception within the broader evangelical community, from pew to pulpit. She shows that by engaging with climate change as a matter of private faith and public life, leaders of the movement challenge traditional boundaries of the evangelical agenda, partisan politics, and established alliances and hostilities. These leaders view sea-level rise as a moral calamity, lobby for legislation written on both sides of the aisle, and partner with atheist scientists. Wilkinson reveals how evangelical environmentalists are reshaping not only the landscape of American climate action, but the contours of their own religious community. Though the movement faces complex challenges, climate care leaders continue to leverage evangelicalism's size, dominance, cultural position, ethical resources, and mechanisms of communication to further their cause to bridge God and green."--Publisher's website.
An evangelical agenda 1984 and beyond : Addresses, responses, and scenarios from the Continuing Consultation on Future Evangelical Concerns, held in Overland Park, Kansas, December 11-14, 1979
The scandal of the evangelical mind
In Apostles of Reason, Molly Worthen offers a sweeping intellectual history of modern American evangelicalism. Traditionally, evangelicalism has been seen as a cohesive-indeed almost monolithic-religious movement. Sometimes, religion drops out of the picture and evangelicalism is treated strictly as a political force. Worthen argues that these views are false. Evangelicalism is, rather, a community of believers preoccupied by shared anxieties. Evangelicals differ from one another on the details of their ideas about God and humankind, but three elemental concerns unite them: how to reconcile faith and reason; how to know Jesus; and how to act on faith in a secularized public square. In combination, under the pressures of modernity, and in the absence of a guiding authority capable of resolving uncertainties and disagreements, these anxieties have shaped evangelicals into a distinctive spiritual community.
To proclaim afresh : evangelical agenda for the Church
Earthen vessels : American evangelicals and foreign missions, 1880-1980
Theology for the community of God
Empowered evangelicals : bringing together the best of the evangelical and charismatic worlds
Millennial dreams and apocalyptic nightmares : the Cold War origins of political evangelicalism
One with Christ : an evangelical theology of salvation
No place for truth, or, Whatever happpened to Evangelical theology?
Love your God with all your mind : the role of reason in the life of the soul
Holy jumpers : evangelicals and radicals in Progressive Era America
Southern Baptists & American evangelicals : the conversation continues
The gospel people of Latin America
The theology of the Christian life in J. I. Packer's thought : theological anthropology, theological method, and the doctrine of sanctification
Power religion : the selling out of the evangelical church?
The Evangelical mind and the new school Presbyterian experience
The Protestant-Jewish conundrum
In this book Melanie Ross presents a current description of evangelical worship, bringing together liturgical scholarship and theological scholarship on American evangelicalism. She draws on historical analysis, systematic theology, and the worship life of two vibrant congregations to argue that the common ground shared by evangelical and liturgical churches is much more important than the differences that divide them. --From publisher's description.
Evangelicals in Ireland : an introduction
The Protestant experience in America
Women in the Church of God in Christ : making a sanctified world
Understanding fundamentalism and evangelicalism
"Over the last twenty years, incredible changes have taken place in the Presbyterian Church of Brazil. In 1959, on the occasion of its centennial celebrations, this church was acclaimed as the outstanding success story of Protestantism in Latin America; it was hailed for its vitality and for the role it seemed destined to play in the life of that nation. Today, after fifteen years of domination by a small group of reactionary leaders, it has been decimated. The word 'Presbyterian' now calls to mind the destructiveness of religious fanaticism and repression. In 'Protestantism and Repression' Rubem Alves wrestles with the questions, Why did all this happen? What is there in the structure and logic of what he calls 'Right-Doctrine Protestantism,' that leads to repression under certain historical conditions? His analysis is thorough; his insights, profound; his conclusions, astonishing. I urge you to read this book: whether you fear that our religious institutions are moving toward repression, or are convinced that it can't happen here." -- Richard Shaull, from the Foreword -- "An outstanding and internationally recognized Third World theologian, Rubem Alves has in 'Protestantism and Repression' moved from the devastating analysis of the consumer society articulated in 'A Theology of Human Hope' and 'Tomorrow's Child' to a partly autobiographical critique of the Presbyterian Church of Brazil, a church in which his roots are deeply imbedded. Alves rigorously documents the transformation of Presbyterianism in Brazil from a liberating force to a bulwark of oppression and repression; and he convincingly establishes as the cause of this deterioration what he calls 'the spirit of the Right-Doctrine Protestantism,' a socially conditioned neofundamentalism that arrogates to itself absolute knowledge and absolute power. As Richard Shaull stresses in an excellent and most informative Foreword, what has happened in Brazil could happen to North American Protestantism. But the lesson is not only for Protestants. The basic issues as defined by Alves are equally pertinent for Roman Catholics both in Latin America and in the Unites States." --Gary MacEoin
A guide to Biblical prophecy
Apostles of reason : the crisis of authority in American evangelicalism
The future of the global church : history, trends and possibilities
Jesus Christ and the life of the mind
The courage to be Protestant : truth-lovers, marketers, and emergents in the postmodern world
The hour of God? : People in Guatemala confronting political evangelicalism and counterinsurgency (1976-1990)
How the Bible works : an anthropological study of evangelical biblicism
Report of the Plenary Meeting of the World's Committee of Y.M.C.A.s : Stockholm, Sweden, May 24-28, 1938
Faith in the halls of power : how evangelicals joined the American elite
Inspiration and incarnation : evangelicals and the problem of the Old Testament
Protestantism and Repression : A Brazilian Case Study
The evangelicals and the synoptic problem
1. Towards a faithful criticism / Christopher M. Hays ; 2. Adam and the fall / Christopher M. Hays and Stephen Lane Herring ; 3. The exodus: fact, fiction or both? / Christopher B. Ansberry ; 4. No covenant before the exile? The Deuteronomic Torah and Israel's covenant theology / Christopher B. Ansberry and Jerry Hwang ; 5. Problems with prophecy / Amber Warhurst, Seth B. Tarrer and Christopher M. Hays ; 6. Pseudepigraphy and the canon / Christopher B. Ansberry, Casey A. Strine, Edward W. Klink III and David Lincicum ; 7. The historical Jesus / Michael J. Daling and Christopher M. Hays ; 8. The Paul of Acts and the Paul of the epistles / Aaron J. Kuecker and Kelly D. Liebengood ; 9. Faithful criticism and a critical faith / Christopher B. Ansberry and Christopher M. Hays ; Bibliography; Search items for ancient texts.
Evangelicals and American foreign policy
Holy mavericks : evangelical innovators and the spiritual marketplace
Educating evangelicalism : the origins, development and impact of London Bible College
New wine in old wineskins : evangelicals and liberals in a small-town church
What Christians really believe - and why
Crazy for God : how I grew up as one of the elect, helped found the Religious Right, and lived to take all (or almost all) of it back
Evangelicalism has played a prominent role in western religion since the dawn of modernity. Coinciding with the emergence of the Enlightenment in America and Europe, evangelicalism flourished during the transatlantic revivals of the eighteenth century. In addition to adopting Protestantism's core beliefs of justification by faith, scripture alone, and the priesthood of believers, early evangelicals emphasized conversion and cross-cultural missions to a greater extent than Christians of previous generations. Most people today associate early evangelicalism with only a few of its leaders. Yet this was a religious movement that involved more people than simply Jonathan Edwards, John Wesley, and George Whitefield. Early evangelicals were Anglicans, Baptists, Congregationalists, Methodists, Moravians, and Presbyterians and could be found in America, Canada, Great Britain, and Western Europe. They published hymns, historical works, poems, political pamphlets, revival accounts, sermons, and theological treatises. They recorded their conversion experiences and kept diaries and journals that chronicled their spiritual development. Early Evangelicalism: A Reader is an anthology that introduces a host of important religious figures. After brief biographical sketches of each author, this book offers over sixty excerpts from a wide range of well-known and lesser-known Protestant Christians, representing a variety of denominations, geographical locations, and underrepresented groups in order to produce the most comprehensive sourcebook of its kind. -- Review: "[A] helpful new publication." --Baptist Quarterly"In recent days, a number of historians have lamented the path taken by evangelicalism, regarding it as a regrettable dumbing-down of the doctrinal richness of the Reformation. But Yeager's collection speaks better things -- it reveals a powerful movement, theologically rich with true affective interiority, that brought about a profound transformation of life and culture in the trans-Atlantic world." --Southern Baptist Journal of Theology"This is a very encouraging read. It will no doubt find its place as a leading source book for students for students of the period but could equally be used as an edifying stimulant for spiritual meditation as part of a daily quiet time." --Churchman"Jonathan Yeager's Early Evangelicalism is a definitive document collection on the broad sweep of eighteenth-century evangelical faith. The book's authors, who hailed from North America, Britain, and the Continent, range from learned theologians to lyrical hymnists and earnest diarists. Anyone interested in evangelical Christianity will profit from Yeager's wealth of resources." --Thomas S. Kidd, author of The Great Awakening: The Roots of Evangelical Christianity in Colonial America"This helpful collection of works from those involved in the development of evangelicalism will be of interest to Baptist historians, especially those with an interest in the re-energising of Baptist life which took place in the mid to late eighteenth century." --Baptist Quarterly
A future for truth : evangelical theology in a postmodern world
To change and to preserve : a study of the religiosity of evangelical university students and graduates in Trinidad
Evangelical Anglicans and the ARCIC final report : an assessment and critique
Romancing God : evangelical women and inspirational fiction
Evangelicals embattled : responses of evangelicals in the Church of England to ritualism, Darwinism and theological liberalism 1890-1930
Global warming and the Bible : the global warming policies of American evangelical Christians and Albert Gore Jr
Heaven on earth? : the social & political agendas of dominion theology
Evangelicalism : an Americanized Christianity
Left behind as a stage for resolution of the internal tensions and insecurities of evangelic American fundamentalism
Resurrection and moral order : an outline for evangelical ethics
The evangelical movement : growth, impact, controversy, dialog
Guaranteed pure : the Moody Bible Institute, business, and the making of modern evangelicalism
Evangelical versus liturgical? : defying a dichotomy
Unity of all Christians in love and mission : the ecumenical method of Kenneth Scott Latourette
Renewing the center : evangelical theology in a post-theological era
Evangelicals in America : who they are, what they believe
Surveying the barriers that contemporary thinking has erected between the natural and the supernatural, between earth and heaven, Hans Boersma issues a wake-up call for Western Christianity. Both Catholics and evangelicals, he says, have moved too far away from a sacramental mindset, focusing more on the “here-and-now” than on the “then-and-there.” Yet, as Boersma points out, the teaching of Jesus, Paul, and St. Augustine — indeed, of most of Scripture and the church fathers — is profoundly otherworldly, much more concerned with heavenly participation than with earthly enjoyment. In Heavenly Participation Boersma draws on the wisdom of great Christian minds ancient and modern — Irenaeus, Gregory of Nyssa, C. S. Lewis, Henri de Lubac, John Milbank, and many others. He urges Catholics and evangelicals alike to retrieve a sacramental worldview, to cultivate a greater awareness of eternal mysteries, to partake eagerly of the divine life that transcends and transforms all earthly realities.
The Evangelicals and the Synoptic Problem aims to investigate how evangelical Christians and their Protestant forebears, labeled early orthodox Protestants, have dealt with the classic puzzle of New Testament criticism known as the Synoptic Problem. The particular theories considered are the Independence Hypothesis, the Augustinian Hypothesis, the Two-Gospel Hypothesis, the Two-Source Hypothesis, and the Farrer Hypothesis. Starting with John Calvin and continuing to the modern day, consideration is given to the various hypotheses provided by early orthodox Protestant and evangelical biblical scholars throughout the centuries. Special attention is given to major evangelical contributors to the subject since 1950. In addition, a chapter is devoted to the role ecclesiology has played in evangelical consideration of the synoptic problem. After analyzing the opinions offered over almost half a millennium, it is compelling to note how arguments have changed and how they have remained the same.
Orthodoxy revisited : contrasting the faith and practice of the eastern Orthodox Church with Evangelical doctrine
Evangelicalism and the emerging church : a congregational study of a Vineyard church
The legacy of Jonathan Edwards : American religion and the evangelical tradition
Soviet evangelicals since World War II
God in the wasteland : the reality of truth in a world of fading dreams
The Westminster handbook to evangelical theology
How shall we reach them?
Crisis and hope in Latin America : an evangelical perspective
Marks of the beast : the left behind novels and the struggle for evangelical identity
The problem with evangelical theology : testing the exegetical foundations of Calvinism, dispensationalism, and Wesleyanism
Fourth wave : charismatics and evangelicals, are we ready to come together?
Together towards life : mission and evangelism in changing landscapes : with a practical guide
Piety & politics : the right-wing assault on religious freedom
Karl Barth and evangelical theology : convergences and divergences
Evangelicals and Catholics together : toward a common mission
Heavenly participation : the weaving of a sacramental tapestry
The Cambridge companion to evangelical theology
Catholics, slaveholders, and the dilemma of American evangelicalism, 1835-1860
Moses, Jesus, and the trickster in the evangelical South
Evangelical theological perspectives on post-Vatican II Roman Catholicism
Between God and green : how evangelicals are cultivating a middle ground on climate change
Renewing the evangelical mission
A contemporary evangelical perspective on Roman Catholicism
Teach us to pray : prayer in the Bible and the world
Mr Moody and the evangelical tradition
The kingdom of God in Africa : a short history of African Christianity
Reformed and always reforming : the postconservative approach to evangelical theology
The Blackwell dictionary of evangelical biography 1730-1860. Vol. 1, A-J
The lion and the lamb : evangelicals and Catholics in America
Re-forming the center : American Protestantism, 1900 to the present
Evangelical Christianity and democracy in Latin America
This volume takes up the problem of relations between the various Protestant churches and Jews, Judaism, and the State of Israel. Among the subjects discussed are: the attitudes of the Evangelical movement toward Jews and Israel; German Protestantism during World War II; mainstream Protestant churches and the question of Israeli policy; Mel Gibson's movie "The Passion of the Christ;" and the history of relations between Protestantism and Judaism and they developed since the Reformation up to the present day.
Secrets : humanism, mysticism, and evangelism in Erasmus of Rotterdam, Bishop Guillaume Briçonnet, and Marguerite De Navarre
This book proposes to introduce and discuss the relationship between historical criticism and Christian theology, in the hope of addressing the relative paucity of evangelical engagement with historical-critical scholarship. The book posits that this dearth of evangelical interaction depends in large part upon a concern that historical criticism leads inexorably to theological conclusions that are at odds with Christian orthodoxy. As such, this work includes essays on eight of the most provocative topics of critical investigation: the Fall, the Exodus, the Conquest, the Covenant as a Post-Exilic Phenomenon, Pseudepigraphy, Prophecy, the Historical Jesus, and the Paul of Acts versus the Paul of the Epistles.
Transformation after Lausanne : radical evangelical mission in global-local perspective
The Blackwell dictionary of evangelical biography 1730-1860. Vol. 2, K-Z
