http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p19958 Roma music
Roma music Gypsy music
Tropical Gypsy
Flamenco : gypsy dance and music from Andalusia
Instrumental music from Western Hungary : from the repertoire of an urban gipsy band
The flamenco fanatic : the complete guide
Mel bay's gypsy violin
Gypsy songs of Russia and Hungary : arranged for guitar & voice
Music on the gypsy route. Volume 1, Nomads from Asia to Europe : Catholic gypsies of France and Spain = Les nomades, de l'Asie à l'Europe = Gitan de France et d'Espagne
Trans-continental hustle
The gypsy r-evolution
The way the wind blows
The very best of
Beats of the heart : popular music of the world
Exotica : World music divas : Sensual sounds of women's voices from around the world
Gypsy jazz : in search of Django Reinhardt and the soul of gypsy swing
Live from Axis Mundi
Music of Albania's gypsies
Gypsy songs of Russia and Hungary : arranged for piano & voice
Django-style gypsy jazz guitar. Lesson 1 : Rhythm / taught by Paul Mehling
Flamenco music theory : rhythm, harmony, melody, form
The rough guide to gypsy swing : Django's legacy : gypsy virtuosity meets American jazz
Romani routes : cultural politics and Balkan music in diaspora
Romská hudba na přelomu tísciletí : Sborník referátů z etnomuzikologické konference Praha, 26.5.2003 = Romani music at the turn of the millennium : proceedings of the ethnomusicological conference, Prague, May 26th, 2003
Gipsy guitar : rumbas flamencas ... y mas : Rumba-Techniken der Flamenco-Gitarre = rumba-styles of the flamenco guitar
East infection
Swing jazz violin with Hot-Club rhythm : 18 arrangements of great standard songs for violin, violin trio and string quartet
The Gypsy caravan : from real Roma to imaginary gypsies in Western music and film
The ultimate Django's book : complete Django : edition speciale = special edition, CD included
Gypsy songs of Russia and Hungary : Arranged for guitar & voice
The flying club cup
The ultimate gypsy jazz/swing guitar lesson. 1, Fundamental building blocks
Gypsy voices : songs from the Romani soul : a selection of celebrated gypsy songs from central and eastern Europe
Laughter through tears
Texas gypsy fire
Of all the styles of jazz to emerge in the twentieth century, none is more passionate, more exhilaratingly up-tempo, or more steeped in an outsider tradition than Gypsy Jazz. And there is no one more qualified to write about Gypsy Jazz than Michael Dregni, author of the acclaimed biography, Django. A vagabond music, Gypsy Jazz is played today in French Gypsy bars, Romany encampments, on religious pilgrimages--and increasingly on the world's greatest concert stages. Yet its story has never been told, in part because much of its history is undocumented, either in written form or often even in recorded music. Beginning with Django Reinhardt, whose dazzling Gypsy Jazz became the toast of 1930s Paris in the heady days of Josephine Baker, Picasso, and Hemingway, Dregni follows the music as it courses through caravans on the edge of Paris, where today's young French Gypsies learn Gypsy Jazz as a rite of passage, along the Gypsy pilgrimage route to Les Saintes-Maries-de-la-Mer where the Romany play around their campfires, and finally to the new era of international Gypsy stars such as Bireli Lagrene, Boulou Ferre, Dorado Schmitt, and Django's own grandchildren, David Reinhardt and Dallas Baumgartner. Interspersed with Dregni's vivid narrative are the words of the musicians themselves, many of whom have never been interviewed for the American press before, as they describe what the music means to them. Gypsy Jazz also includes a chapter devoted entirely to American Gypsy musicians who remain largely unknown outside their hidden community. Blending travelogue, detective story, and personal narrative, Gypsy Jazz is music history at its best, capturing the history and culture of this elusive music--and the soul that makes it swing.
The gypsy caravan : From real roma to imaginary gypsies in Western music and film
Blue eyed black boy
Gypsy violin basics : a beginner's guide
Early paranormale years
Mel Bay's gypsy violin
The mysterious fire
Based on intensive fieldwork among the Finnish Roma, the Kaale, between 1995 and 2015, this book explores their traditional songs. It presents an introduction to the subject of traditional Romani music and offers different interpretations of how the Roma themselves produce meaning for the songs.
Champagne for gypsies
Gypsy music
Tropical gypsy
Music of eastern europe
Getting into... gypsy jazz violin
Watch out, Gypsies! : the history of a misunderstanding : history and culture of the Finnish Roma
Hungarian dances for violin and piano. Volume 1, [Nro 1-5]
These songs tell about our life, you see : music, identity and gender in Finnish Romani music
The rom of Fire : Sostar : Vol. 2
Poison Sweet Madeira
Music, language and literature of the Roma and Sinti
From the rhymed folksongs to tango : backgrounds and performers of the melodies of the Finnish Roma people
The International Seminar on Gypsy Dance : June 8.-10.1987 Kuopio, Finland
Soundtrack vol. 1
20 best of Europe
Flamenco : ... all you wanted to know
The Guitar style of Django Reinhardt & the Gypsies
Gipsy manifesto
The ultimate gypsy jazz/swing guitar lesson. 2, Putting the fundamentals in practice
Soundtrack. Vol. 1.
The art of the gipsy cimbalom
