http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p19959 dairies
dairies
Dairy queens : the politics of pastoral architecture from Catherine de' Medici to Marie-Antoinette
Encyclopedia of dairy sciences. Vol. 3
The high pressure dairy homogenizer
Modern dairy technology. Vol. 2, Advances in milk products
Future of dairy education : [papers and posters presented at a seminar held at the Dalum Technical College, the Dairy Training Centre of Denmark, 18-19 September 1998]
Competitiveness of Northern European dairy chains
Ultrafiltration and reverse osmosis for the dairy industry
Production control in Finnish agriculture : determinants of control policy and quantitative and economic efficiency of dairy restrictions
Australian journal of dairy technology
Contaminant aerobic sporeforming bacteria in the manufacturing processes of food packaging board and food
Cleaner production assessment in dairy processing
Laboratory manual for dairy microbiology
Developments in dairy chemistry. 1, Proteins
Coordination of supply and demand in the dairy marketing system : with special emphasis on the potential role of farmer cooperatives as coordinating institutions
Ultra-high-temperature processing of milk and milk products
Statements about the english market for dairy-production and margarine during the 10-years-period 1896-1905 published by The finnish dairy association
Investigations into the microbial factors affecting the keeping quality of butter
Marketing of the dairy products targeted at the weight management : competitor analysis for Valio Ltd's ProFeel
The aims of the present study were to analyze the market potential for Valio dairy products in the Volga and Urals Federal Districts (FD) in Russia. The research assesses the market potential by examining the target marketʼs economic, social and politic conditions, competitive environment and the consumption and current sales of dairy products. The research is a case study for the leading Finnish dairy product producer, Valio Ltd, which has operated in the Russian market for several years.The theoretical part of the research discusses the market research and the research methodology in general. Furthermore, it presents the peculiarities of the market research in the emerging markets. The empirical study is mainly based on secondary data sources such as statistics provided by the Russian Federal Statistical Service and privately bought researches on the current market players, their sales volumes and sales values in the Volga and Urals FDʼs. The empirical study indicates that both the Volga and Urals FDʼs consist of regions that are economically and socially on different levels. The most rapidly developing locales are the Sverdlovsk Region, the Chelyabinsk Region, the Samara Region and Tatarstan, and more specifically, their capital cities. These regions currently have the highest purchasing power and they also attract domestic and foreign investors the most. Dairy products are very traditional consumer goods in the target market, especially in Tatarstan, Bashkortostan and Sverdlovsk, and their consumption is relatively high compared to the average in Russia. Pasteurized milk, sour milk products, cheeses and yoghurts are currently the most popular dairy products in the examined market. Nearly every region has one or few large dairy companies that lead the local market along with a few national and international dairy product producers. The locally produced dairy products are very often the most affordable ones. The main conclusion is that both the Volga and Urals FDʼs are developing rapidly and their continuously increasing purchasing power, especially in the largest cities, creates a potential market for several dairy products. In general, the dairy products are very commonly consumed in each subject. The strong leaders in the local markets and their affordable prices are the main issues for Valio to be prepared for in the Volga and Urals FDʼs.
The Next WTO Round on Agriculture and EU Enlargement : pressures for reforms in the EU Common Agricultural Policy
Catalogue of the dairy-produce of Finland exhibited at the International Agricultural Exhibition held at Kilburn, June 30 to July 7, 1879 : with introductory remarks
Estonian Dairy Industry
Dairy industries international
Encyclopedia of dairy sciences. Vol. 1
Developing the loading process of a distribution vehicle in a dairy
The technology of making cheese from camel milk (Camelus dromedarius)
Genetic variation and evolution among industrially important Lactobacillus bacteriophages
Market imperfections in the Estonian transitional dairy market
B. W. Hammer : panegyric
Crisis management : International Symposium, Sydney, Australia, March 2000.
Encyclopedia of dairy sciences. Vol. 2
Dairy science and technology
Strategy for dairy development in the tropics and subtropics
Dairy technology 2
Towards a competitive private label strategy : a comparative analysis of the Swedish and UK dairy markets
Summaries.
Dairy housing 2 : proceeedings of the Second National Dairy Housing Conference, March 14-16, 1983, Sheraton Inn and Conference Center, Madison, Wisconsin
Milk powder technology : evaporation and spray drying
Yoghurt : science and technology
The dairy industry : an international comparison
Spray drying : an introduction to principles, operational practice and applications
Life cycle assessment (LCA) of industrial milk production
Dairy chemistry and physics
Worldwide evolution of channels policy
Sweet buttermilk in UHT-products : influence on functionality and sensory features
Encyclopedia of dairy sciences. Vol. 4
Concentrated and dried dairy products
Dairy technology : principles of milk properties and processes
Yeasts in dairy industry : positive and negative aspects : proceedings of the symposium organized by Group F47, held in Copenhagen (Denmark), 2-3 September 1996
Microclimate and gas emissions in dairy buildings : instrumentation, theory and measurements
Evaporation membrane filtration and spray drying in milk powder and cheese production
Advanced dairy science and technology
The dairy co-operatives in the Nordic countries : report to the National Dairy Development Board of India
The Valio story : from butter exports to international business
Factors affecting the yield of cheese
Microclimate and gas emissions in dairy buildings: instrumentation, theory and measurements
Development of brand identity for dairy farm "Newco Dubrava"
A dictionary of dairying
Market potential for Valio Ltd's dairy products in the Volga and Urals Federal Districts In Russia
Finlands mejerier alfabetiskt ordnade = Finlands creameries alphabetically registered
Cheesemaking : science and technology
Milk and dairy products: production and processing costs
Fluid milk consumption and demand response to advertising for non-alcoholic beverages
Dairy establishment feasibility study in Bahir Dar Town in north-west Ethiopia : pro-gradu thesis in agricultural economics
Combined biological and chemical treatment of dairy wastewater
Applied dairy microbiology
Journal of dairy science
Dairy processing handbook
Cream processing manual
Structure of dairy products
Från fil till glass = Viilistä jäätelöön = From curdled milk to ice cream : Ingman Group 1929-2009
Reindeer dairying in the Soviet Union
Dairy handbook
New dairy products via new technology : proceedings of IDF seminar, Atlanta Ga USA, Georgia World Congress Centre, 8-9 October 1985.
Regional changes in the Finnish dairy industry 1910-1967
Yeasts in dairy industry : positive & negative aspects : proceedings of the symposium organized by Group F47, held in Copenhagen (Denmark), 2-3 September 1996
Evaluation of sanitation procedures for use in dairies
Manufacturing yogurt and fermented milks
Milk and dairy product technology
Dairy technology and engineering
Fundamentals of dairy chemistry
Manual for milk plant operators
Ice cream and related products
The present study is aimed at developing brand identity for a start-up farm NewCo Dubrava, which is an agricultural business complex for fattening calves, milk production and cultivation and production of different crops. Newco Dubrava is planning to restart its production and having long-term goals. There is a strong need for development of its brand identity that will clarify and elaborate company's core values, support its major strategic goals and, eventually, make the company unique and differentiate it from competitors. The objectives of the study include, firstly, formulation of main farm's statements; development of structured and coherent brand identity elements; and, finally, suggest ideas for brand visualization as an outcome. The major foundation of the research is the theoretical framework, which provides the study with a solid basis for developing brand identity. The brand identity-building frame for the farm is based on Aaker's (2002) brand identity model with several modifications. In order deepen the analysis the framework is modified by adding relative theories by Kapferer (2008) and Gad (2001). As an empirical realization the present research applies the brand identity design guidelines by A. Wheeler (2006) that include all the steps of the identity development process, are practically oriented and focus on creative process of brand visualization elements. The results of the research are based on the theoretical framework and the analysis of data collected during the interviews. The primary method of data collection was qualitative in-depth interviews with the shareholders and main managing personnel of the farm. The results of the study are presented in the brand manual guidelines that include all the findings and suggestions worked out during the research. Primarily, the guidelines are directed to the employees and internal company use in order to introduce company's brand identity, its main statements and their application in different communication circumstances. The book gives a clear definition of what farm's brand stands for. It identifies company's central values, vision and mission statements that provide direction for the brand and bring in the sense of brand belongingness among employees. Secondly, the guidelines introduce visual representation of the brand – logo, trademark, color palette and imagery use. The design of visual brand representation was worked out based on the interview analysis, market research and company's business plan. The guidelines also introduce overall layout style and color scheme for further utilization in order to maintain brand consistency.
Environmental systems analysis of dairy production
Is "co-operative" a valuable element in market communication? : an empirical study of consumer perceptions
Analytical quality assurance and good laboratory practice in dairy laboratories : proceedings of an international seminar (AOAC International, CEC, IDF, VDM), Sonthofen - Germany, 18 - 20 May 1992.
Impact of mastitis on dairy technology and economics
