http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p19965 recording (music recordings)
recording (music recordings)
An international history of the recording industry
Let it rock : the making of Bon Jovi's Slippery when wet
A love supreme : the story of John Coltrane's signature album
The art of recording
Get back : The Beatles' Let it be disaster
The producer's manual : all you need to get pro recordings and mixes in the project studio
The Lindström project : contributions to the history of the record industry = Beiträge zur Geschichte der Schallplattenindustrie. Vol. 3
Financial relationships between artist and record company in the Internet era : a value chain analysis of three reintermediated cases
Revolution in the head : The Beatles' records and the Sixties
How to become a record producer
Mixing secrets for the small studio
The drum recording handbook
Perfecting sound forever : the story of recorded music
The recording engineer's handbook
Bowie in Berlin : a new career in a new town
The DIY music manual
Foo Fighters: Sonic Highways
Sun Records : an oral history
Born just outside London in 1942, Glyn Johns was 16 years old at the dawn of rock and roll. His big break as a producer came on the Steve Miller Band's debut album, Children of the Future, and he went on to engineer or produce iconic albums for the best in the business: Abbey Road with the Beatles, Led Zeppelin's and the Eagles' debuts, Who's Next by the Who, and many others. Even more impressive, Johns was perhaps the only person on a given day in the studio who was entirely sober, so he is one of the most reliable insiders to tell these stories today. In this entertaining and observant memoir, Johns takes us on a tour of his world during the heady years of the sixties, with beguiling stories that will delight music fans the world over. Johns's career has been long and prolific, and he's still at it--over the last two decades he has worked with Crosby, Stills & Nash; Emmylou Harris; Linda Ronstadt; Band of Horses; and, most recently, Ryan Adams. Sound Man provides a firsthand glimpse into the art of making music and reveals how the industry--like musicians themselves--has changed since those freewheeling first years of rock and roll.--From publisher description.
The studio percussionist. Vol . 1.
Sound and recording : an introduction
Recording Sibelius
Jimi Hendrix Sessions : The Complete studio recording session, 1963-1970
The Complete Beatles recording sessions : The official story of the Abbey Road years 1962-1970 : Introductory interview with Paul McCartney
Recorded music : philosophical and critical reflections
Bowie in Berlin :  a new career in a new town
Band on the record : the Beatles recordings from the historical and technological point of view
Promoting your music : the lovin' of the game
The life and death of classical music : featuring the 100 best and 20 worst recordings ever made
Marketed recordings of hymns: old wine in new wineskins? : a musico-sociological study of developments and reception in the Nordic region since 1991.
The Lindström project : contributions to the history of the record industry = Beiträge zur Geschichte der Schallplattenindustrie. Vol. 1
Alan Parsons' art & science of sound recording : the book
Cubase SX : the official guide
The Penguin guide to jazz recordings
Project studios : a more professional approach
The Lindström project : contributions to the history of the record industry = Beiträge zur Geschichte der Schallplattenindustrie. Vol. 4
Electric shock : from the gramophone to the iPhone : 125 years of pop music
Mixing, recording, and producing techniques of the pros
All you need is ears
Breathless : sound recording, disembodiment, and the transformation of lyrical nostalgia
Abbey Road : the story of the world's most famous recording studios
Sound FX : unlocking the creative potential of recording studio effects
Get back : the unauthorized chronicle of the Beatles' Let It Be disaster
Abba : the complete recording sessions
The million dollar quartet : Jerry Lee, Carl, Elvis & Johnny
How to succeed in the music business
Beatlestudies. 2, History, identity, authenticity
This thesis is in two parts, consisting of artistic work and written work.  The primary emphasis is on the artistic work.  The artistic part of this thesis was a Habakuk concert held at the Risto Ryti Hall in Huittinen on 13.11.2010, which marked the release of Habakuk's album Koti.  The concert was recorded and filmed for a DVD release (appendix 3). The written part of the thesis is a study which was carried out on behalf of Habakuk.  Habakuk is a Christian pop rock band that was formed in Satakunta in 1998.  The aim of the written work was to establish and define the roles of pre-production and the producers in the making of a record.  The making of earlier records had been stressful and time-consuming for Habakuk, and with the aid of this dissertation work the band wanted to ascertain what effect good pre-production and the choice of producer have on the recording process. The band also wanted to find out what kinds of solutions or choices can help improve time management, and how the time that is used can be optimised to maximum effect.  The recording process involves a number of stages and disciplines, but this work only focuses on those areas in which Habakuk felt there was room for improvement. These areas were the producer (the person responsible for the overall artistic direction of the record), pre-production (choosing and editing pieces for inclusion on the record before the actual recording begins) and mixing (fitting the audio tracks together). The study in this thesis was carried out via e-mail with producers in October 2011.  The survey sent consisted of five open questions and a covering letter (appendix 2). The results of the survey lead to the conclusion that next time Habakuk begin the process of making a record they should place more emphasis on pre-production, including making a demo.  The band should also strive for more effective co-operation with both the producer and the mixer.  These measures may result in a record more like that which the band is striving to achieve.
Label launch : a guide to independent record recording, promotion, and distribution
Beatlesongs
Summer of love : the making of Sgt. Pepper
Studio recording for musicians
Secrets of recording: professional tips, tools & techniques
Marketed recordings of hymns : old wine in new wineskins? : a musico-sociological study of developments and reception in the Nordic region since 1991
Studio basics : what you should know before entering the recording studio
The Lindström project : contributions to the history of the record industry = Beiträge zur Geschichte der Schallplattenindustrie. Vol. 6, Our trip around the world = Unsere Reise um die Erde : the Oriental expedition of Beka Records in 1905-1906
Total singing tutor : the complete guide to singing, performing & recording
"A life recording hits with the Rolling Stones, the Who, Led Zeppelin, the Eagles, Eric Clapton, the Faces ..."--Jacket.
Audio engineering 101 : a beginner's guide to music production
Kind of blue : [the making of the Miles Davis masterpiece]
Multi-track recording : [a technical and creative guide for the musician and home recorder]
The Wrecking Crew!
Basic mastering
Sound recording practice
Soundtrack available : essays on film and popular music
Q on producing : the soul and science of mastering music and work
Gidon Kremer : Back to Bach
The Lindström project : contributions to the history of the record industry = Beiträge zur Geschichte der Schallplattenindustrie. Vol. 2
On-Location recording techniques
From demo to delivery : the process of production
Repeated takes : a short history of recording and its effects on music
Getting great sounds : the microphone book
Recording tips for engineers : for cleaner, brighter tracks
The recording engineer's handbook : by Bobby Owsinski
Creative recording 1 : effects and processors
The complete Beatles recording sessions : the official story of the Abbey Road years 1962-1970
Working with your voice : the career guide to becoming a professional singer
Sound man
The Mastering Engineer's Handbook
Mixing audio : concepts, practices and tools
Music Production  Process: Recording, Mixing and Mastering
Mastering audio : the art and the science
The handbook for working singers
Creative recording. Part one : effects and processors
The Lindström project : contributions to the history of the record industry = Beiträge zur Geschichte der Schallplattenindustrie. Vol. 5
Total singing tutor : thecomplete guide to singing, performing & recording
Piano notes : the hidden world of the pianist
Elvis : The music lives on : The recording sessions 1954-1976
The art of sound reproduction
Abbey Road : the best studio in the world
Recording secrets for the small studio
Not by Sibelius alone..
