http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p19923 implementation
implementation
Change and process management : case: implementation of WE-project in Wärtsilä
The public sector middle manager : the puppet who pulls the strings
The rules of management : a definitive code for managerial success
This third book in the series focuses in particular on Article 33 of the CRPD. National implementation and monitoring is analysed and good examples are presented from the different stakeholders involved in the process; from the view of the decision makers, to the independent monitoring organisations and civil society organisations (Disabled People’s Organisations, DPOs), both at European and national level. The diverse chapters represent a range of disciplines and professionals. Their backgrounds span from political and institutional stakeholders and representatives, to academic scholars and NGO representatives. In particular, the authors explore how the rights enshrined in Article 33 are applicable to deaf and hard of hearing citizens, and how they are involved in the process of assuring that the CRPD is implemented in the best way possible.
The decline and fall of the American republic
Presidential power and the modern presidents : the politics of leadership from Roosevelt to Reagan
Strategy into action : people create the change
In this thesis we consider emissions trading under various market imperfections such as uncertainty over permit price, imperfect competition and noncompliance. First, we study the effects of uncertain permit price on the firms choice of emission intensive and clean inputs in an multi-input production process. We also assess the risk aversion factors of some Finnish heat and power producers. Second, we study imperfect competition in output and permit markets with a two-stage model, where output decision is made before permit trades. The emphasis is on the strategic interaction between firms and on the efficiency increasing regulation. Third, we turn back to uncertainty and analyse the welfare difference between emissions trading and emission tax, when some of the firms may be noncompliant. The main finding is that welfare is greater with emission tax than with emissions trading, when at least one firm is noncompliant. Finally, we extend some existing models of permit banking and borrowing to encompass also noncompliant behavior of firms. Here, we analyse the incentives of compliant firms to become noncompliant at some point in time and also the time paths of the choice variables.
Presidentialism and democracy in Latin America
"When engaging with other countries, the U.S. government has a number of different policy instruments at its disposal, including foreign aid, international trade, and the use of military force. But what determines which policies are chosen? Does the United States rely too much on the use of military power and coercion in its foreign policies? Sailing the Water's Edge focuses on how domestic U.S. politics--in particular the interactions between the president, Congress, interest groups, bureaucratic institutions, and the public--have influenced foreign policy choices since World War II and shows why presidents have more control over some policy instruments than others. Presidential power matters and it varies systematically across policy instruments. Helen Milner and Dustin Tingley consider how Congress and interest groups have substantial material interests in and ideological divisions around certain issues and that these factors constrain presidents from applying specific tools. As a result, presidents select instruments that they have more control over, such as use of the military. This militarization of U.S. foreign policy raises concerns about the nature of American engagement, substitution among policy tools, and the future of U.S. foreign policy. Milner and Tingley explore whether American foreign policy will remain guided by a grand strategy of liberal internationalism, what affects American foreign policy successes and failures, and the role of U.S. intelligence collection in shaping foreign policy. The authors support their arguments with rigorous theorizing, quantitative analysis, and focused case studies, such as U.S. foreign policy in Sub-Saharan Africa across two presidential administrations. Sailing the Water's Edge examines the importance of domestic political coalitions and institutions on the formation of American foreign policy. "--
Emissions trading under market imperfections
Implementation in practice : 5th International G-I-N Conference : October 1-3, 2008 Finlandia Hall, Helsinki, Finland
The game of developing a game : hobbyist game developers as playful entrepreneurs in the Apple App Store
eHealth policy and deployment in the European Union : review and analysis of progress
Agencies : how governments do things through semi-autonomous organizations
Forest administration : a comparative analysis of Brandenburg, Berlin and Finland
Active shooter : events and response
Integrated management systems implementation tool : a guide for organizational management systems conformant to ISO quality, environmental and occupational health & safety standards
"The latest version of a classic. New edition includes for first time coverage of: Obama's military decisions in Iraq and Afghanistan; military operations against Libya in 2011; efforts to close Guantanamo; threatened attacks on Syria in 2013; "Fast and Furious" scandal: Attorney General Holder's contempt and Obama's use of executive privilege; Obama's recess appointments during a pro forma session; Obama's reliance on executive branch secrecy and the so-called "state secrets privilege;" the lack of presidential accountability; a new analysis of the differences between "implied" powers (constitutional) and "inherent" powers (not constitutional); the growth in presidential "czar" appointments; the use of pocket vetoes and "hybrid vetoes"; and new developments in the president's removal power"--
Policy without politicians : bureaucratic influence in comparative perspective
Judicial law-making in Post-Soviet Russia
The Federalist papers
The principal's role in the development and implementation of a school vision
Policy change and learning : implementing EU environmental policies affecting agriculture
Executing strategy from theory into practise in a case company
Effective enforcement of EC labour law
Scandinavian politics today
Health promotion in local contexts and enabling factors : a study of primary healthcare personnel, local voluntary organizations and political decision makers
Implementing supply chain strategy
Making foreign policy : presidential management of the decision-making process
From final judgment to final resolution : effectiveness of the execution of judgments of the European Court of human rights in Finland
European governance and supranational institutions : making states comply
Sources and categories of European Union law : a comparative and reform perspective
Implementation of European health indicators : first years : final report of the Joint Action for ECHIM
Caught between standardisation and complexity : study on the institutional ambiguities of agri-environmental policy implementation in Finland
Implementing the European Union emissions trading in Germany and Finland
Parliamentary oversight of the exceptional situations in a presidential system : debating the reassertion of the constitutional powers of the US Congress
Evaluation of the implementation of Finland's National Strategy for Adaptation to Climate Change 2009.
Sailing the water's edge : the domestic politics of American foreign policy
A history of state responsibility : the struggle for international standards
Semi-presidentialism in Central and Eastern Europe
Administrative law in a global era
The basic principles of the Finnish government decision-making structure and procedure
Value management as a key success of a company : case study of Keski-Pohjanmaan Kirjapaino Oy
UNCRPD Implementation in Europe - A Deaf Perspective : Article 33: National Implementation and Monitoring
In the sobering aftermath of America's invasion of Iraq, documentarian Jarecki launches a penetrating inquiry into how forces within the American political, economic, and military systems have come to undermine the carefully crafted structure of our republic--upsetting its balance of powers, vastly strengthening the hand of the president in taking the nation to war, and imperiling the workings of American democracy. Surveying a scorched landscape of America's military adventures and misadventures, Jarecki's account includes interviews with leading figures in the Bush administration, Congress, the military, academia, and the defense industry. Their insights expose the deepest roots of American war making. As Jarecki powerfully argues, only concerted action by the American people can, and must, compel the nation back on course.--From publisher description.
"Over three decades after its initial publication, Louis Fisher's durable classic remains at the head of its class--a book that Congressional Quarterly called "as close to being indispensable as anything published in this field." This newly revised sixth edition emphatically reinforces that sterling reputation. Fisher dissects the crucial constitutional disputes between the executive and legislative branches of government from the Constitutional Convention through President Clinton's impeachment battles to the recent controversies over President Bush's conduct as commander in chief. He ventures beyond traditional discussions of Supreme Court decisions to examine the day-to-day working relationships between the president and Congress. By analyzing a mixture of judicial pronouncements, executive acts, and legislative debates, Fisher pinpoints the critical areas of legislative-executive tension: appointment powers, investigatory powers, legislative and executive vetoes, the budgetary process, and war powers. He then examines these areas of tension within a concrete political and historical context. To scholars, this book offers a comprehensive examination of the institutions and issues of public law. For practitioners, general readers, and students of American government, it demonstrates how constitutional issues shape and define current events. The new edition covers for the first time: * Obama's military decisions in Afghanistan and Iraq * Military operations against Libya in 2011 * Threatened attacks on Syria in 2013 * Efforts to close Guantanamo * Obama's recess appointments during a pro forma session * "Fast and Furious" scandal: Holder's contempt and Obama's executive privilege * The growth of presidential "czars" * Executive branch secrecy and lack of accountability * State Secrets Privilege after 9/11 * Distinguishing between "implied" powers (constitutional) and "inherent" powers (not constitutional) * Pocket vetoes and the growth of "hybrid vetoes" * New developments in the President's removal power"--
The Business Process management Guide : practical methodology and guidelines to successful BPM
Legal aspects of implementing the Kyoto Protocol mechanisms : making Kyoto work
Critical success factors in an ERP implementation in a manufacturing company : a case study
Change process towards ICT supported teaching and learning
Development of marketing communications in the implementation of international business unit strategy : case: Rautaruukki Corporation, Infrastructure Construction
A capability-implementation gap in the making? : multi-level governance and European crisis management
The enforceability of promises in European contract law
Presidential power : the politics of leadership
All things to all men : the false promise of the modern American presidency
Committee governance in the European Union
A matter of scale : study on the politics of agri-environmental policy implementation
Implementing organizational strategy : case
Executive power of the European Union : law, practices, and the living constitution
The ILO principle of equal pay and its implementation
Managing business process flows : principles of operations management
Toward Continual Development with ERP : Case BillerudKorsnäs Finland Oy
Emergency politics : paradox, law, democracy
Report of the expert consultation on improving planning and policy development in aquaculture : Rome, 26-29 February 2008.
Implementation and the policy process : opening up the black box
Utilisation of maternity care in rural China : affordability and quality
Crime in the city
Crime and the legal process
Information strategy for education and research 2000-2004 : implementation plan
Bricks to bridges : make your strategy come alive
The breakthrough company : how everyday companies become extraordinary performers
Utilisation of maternity care in rural China: Affordability and Quality
The utopia of rules : on technology, stupidity, and the secret joys of bureaucracy
Constitution of the United Kingdom : a contextual analysis
The implementation game : what happens after a bill becomes a law
Abstract : This study focuses on executing strategy from theory into practice in a case company.  The main aim of this thesis is to improve management work and to get strategy into use.  Interviews were made to personnel and to management. The need for the strategy was  known but all actions to execute strategy were missing. Company is family owned company  and it has been established in 1983. CEO and partner manager are two main persons  who lead the company.  Theoretical part of this theses examined meaning of the strategy, strategic tools and strategic  leadership. All these parts are needed when executing strategy. A qualitative method  was chosen for the empirical study. Questions were made to management and  group discussions were carried out for the personnel. The interviews were summarized  and conclusions formed, in order to reveal the issues relating to the analysis. Recommendations  were made based on analysis.  Results revealed that some strategy is used in the company but it is not written only said  and it might be different on each day. Strategy execution and recourses for it were missing.  Based on the interviews analysis were made and recommendations were given so  that case company could start using strategy and get it more clearly for personnel also.  Recommendations included instructions what should be done so that strategy is used and  everyone in the company knows it.
Participation of third sector in implementation of Regional Structural Fund programmes in Finland
Presidents, prime ministers, and chancellors : executive leadership in western democracies
Implementing organizational change : theory into practice
Implementing organizational change : theory and practice
The Wall Street Journal essential guide to management : lasting lessons from the best leadership minds of our time
Procedures for local and regional authority participation in European policy making in the member states
Effectuation in an entrepreneurial creation setting : an action case study
Strategy execution : translating strategy into action in complex organizations
Comparative constitutional engineering : an inquiry into structures, incentives and outcomes
The recognition of indigenous peoples’ rights in the context of area protection and management in the Arctic
Strategy process in practice : practices and logics of action of middle managers in strategy implementation
The justiciability of economic, social and cultural rights in the African regional human rights system : theories, laws, practices and prospects
Making strategy work : leading effective execution and change
Parliamentary government in the Nordic countries at a crossroads : coping with challenges from Europeanisation and presidentialisation
Constitutionalism and the role of parliaments
Strategy implementation
Constitutional conflicts between Congress and the President
Governing America : the politics of a divided democracy
Moving from project management to project leadership : a practical guide to leading groups
From policy to implementation in the European Union : the challenge of a multi-level governance system
Introduction to forest policy analysis
Design Management : managing design strategy, process and implementation
Women, peace and security : translating policy into practice
Implementation of the landfill directive at regional and local level
American way of war : guided missiles, miguided men, and a republic in peril
Development of HR scorecard, a tool for measuring the strategy execution within HR function : Case: M-real Oyj
The Water Framework Directive in the Baltic Sea Region countries : vertical implementation, horizontal integration and transnational cooperation
The discretionary president : the promise and peril of executive power
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
The political economy of monetary union
Understanding the policy process : analysing the welfare policy and practice
