http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p19996 colour therapy
colour therapy
Colour healing : a complete guide to restoring balance and health
Paint yourself calm : colourful, creative mindfulness through watercolour
Color for science, art and technology
Ah, what is it? - That I heard : Katherine Mansfield'’s Wings of wonder
Color and human response : aspects of light and color bearing on the reactions of living things and the welfare of human beings
Colour for life : emotional, spiritual and physical wellbeing through colour
Secrets of colour healing
Color psychology and color therapy : a factual study of the influence of color in human life
Colour therapy : The use colour for health and healing
Colours of the soul : transform your life through colour therapy
Healing with colour
Insomnia : take control of your health naturally
The spirit of the narrative is mankind’s reflexive consciousness, or poetic genius ? our unique access to ourselves, our desperate endeavour “to be REAL”. It brings to light the dark unknown which is the zest of our lives; it gives shape to the tremor of our inner souls ? otherwise nearly imperceptible. “Ah, what is it? ? that I heard”, Katherine Mansfield wondered throughout her whole life and writings ? poems and stories, letters and notebooks. Through the metamorphic movement of her highly sensitive, perceptive mind, she highlights the deep ambivalence of light and dark, mirth and awe, fear and longing which is the keen feature of our naked existence. She sketches her epic motifs with a dedicated sense of wonder. 0A true poet, she returns, as Baudelaire, Keats, Hopkins, Proust, or Shakespeare, to the origins of language ? This poignant contrast of light and dark following the alternate rhythm of night and day, of yielding to darkness and converting it into speech: “Let there be light.” Poetic language is performative. It means an everlasting questioning over the abyss ? with wings of wonder upon the face of the deep.0This volume will also be of interest to scholars and dedicated readers who wish to share in the current reassessment of Katherine Mansfield’s poetic achievement. Her awareness of the literary tradition and modernity, the utmost finesse of her artistic thought, the boldness of her temper make her a major twentieth-century poet.
Farvernes medicin : the medicine of colours : Poul Gernes og Amtssygehuset i Herlev = Poul Gernes and Copenhagen university hospital at Herlev / Ulrikka S. Gernes & Peter Michael Hornung
The colour therapy workbook
Computer in color therapy
THE ENCYCLOPEDIA OF COMPLEMENTARY MEDICINE
Life has a way of throwing unexpected obstacles in our path. Your personal anxieties can build up and seem overwhelming. Help is at hand. Master artist Jean Haines leads you on a journey through paint, showing how you can wipe away your worries with the soothing and gentle movement of watercolour on paper. Meditative, peaceful and calming, watercolour painting offers relief and solace to everyone, with no judgement or goal beyond itself. This book shows you the many ways painting can calm your life, and empower you so you have control over stress or boredom.
