http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p19953 metal structures
metal structures
Structure of metals : crystallographic methods, principles and data
Metallien korroosionestomaalaus = Anti-corrosive painting of metals. Osa 2 = Part 2, Kenttätestausmenetelmät I = Field test methods I.
Ornamental ironwork : an illustrated guide to its design, history & use in American architecture
Size effect and notch size effect in metal fatigue
Abstract.
Proceedings of the METNET Seminar 2012 in Izmir
Maintenance and repair techniques for traditional cast iron
Supporting document for surrogate model construction of welded HSS tubular Y-joints
Designer's guide to eurocode 9 : design of aluminium structures EN 1999-1-1 and -1-4
Energy estimates relating different linear elastic models of a thin cylindrical shell. (3), The soft membrane case
Space frame furniture : a furniture series, based on engineering structures, using 8mm steel rod
Alloys : structures, properties and applications
Metal structures : design, fabrication, economy : proceedings of the International Conference on Metal Structures - ICMS-03, Miskolc, Hungary, April 3-5, 2003
Deformation and fracture mechanics of engineering materials
Painelaitemateriaalit = Materials for pressure purposes. Osa 4 = Part 4, Saumattomat teräsputket = Seamless steel tubes
Adhesively bonded joints between FRP sandwich and metal : different concepts and their strength behaviour
Pyrazolium- and 1,2-Cyclopentadiene-Based Ligands as σ-Donors: a Theoretical Study of Electronic Structure and Bonding
Analysis and design of structural bonded joints
Modern physical metallurgy
All metal structures at elevated temperatures
Proceedings of the METNET Seminar 2014 in Moscow : METNET Annual Seminar in Moscow, Russia, on 21-22 October 2014
The effect of asymmetric loading on fracture toughness of metallic materials
Prevention of corrosion on board ships = Prevéntion de la corrosion à bord des navires = Prevención de la corrosion a bordo de los bugues
Nanostructured materials under ion and microwave radiation
Metnet Proceedings Luleå October 2013 : pre-print working papers
Experimental study of nanoscale metal clusters using synchrotron radiation excited photoelectron spectroscopy
Light-weight steel and aluminium structures : fourth International Conference on Steel and Aluminium Structures, Espoo, Finland, 20-23 June 1999
Materials for architectural design
12th Scandinavian Corrosion Congress [NKM 12] & EUROCORR '92, Espoo, Finland, 31 May - 4 June 1992. Vol. 2, A. Nuclear corrosion. - B. Surface science and passivation. - C1. Steel in soil or concrete. - C2. Cathodic protection. - D. Inhibition
Synthesis, structure and photophysical properties of a highly luminescent terpyridine-diphenylacetylene hybrid fluorophore and its metal complexes
Scottish iron structures
InnoSteel - true stories made out of steel
Proceedings of the Metnet Seminar 2011 in Aarhus
Fabrication of metallic micro- and nanostructures for optical solutions
European recommendations for steel construction : the design of composite floors with profiled steel sheet
Radiation-induced nanostructure evolution models for Fe alloys
Properties of pulsed electric current sintered copper and copper composites
First principles studies of magnetic and structural properties of metallic systems
Design handbook for Rautaruukki structural hollow sections
The Eiffel tower
Engineering materials. 2, An introduction to microstructures and processing
Ultrasonically manufactured space tether
Ironworks and iron monuments: study, conservation and adaptive use = Étude, conservation et réutilisation de forges et monuments en fer : symposium Ironbridge, 23-25 October 1984
A comparison of FRP-sandwich penetrating impact test methods
The complete guide to garden walls & fences
Development and processing of low carbon bainitic steels
Fundamentals of metal fatigue analysis
Structure as design : 23 projests that wed structure and interior design
Analysis and optimum design of metal structures
Wrought iron
Stainless steel hollow sections handbook
Translucent materials : glass, synthetic materials, metal
Design of steel structures (for students of B.E./B.Tech)
Synthesis and characterization of nanoperforated metal oxide thin films
Science and engineering of materials
Diffractive optics based on V-shaped structures and its applications
Practical building conservation : English heritage technical handbook. Vol. 4, Metals
Structural, magnetic and spectroscopic properties of rare earth luminescent materials
Fireplace accessories : historic and contemporary
Metals handbook. 9, Metallography and microstructures
Bond Stretching and Redox Behavior in Coinage Metal Complexes of the Dichalcogenide Dianions [(SPh2P)2CEEC(PPh2S)2]2− (E=S, Se): Diradical Character of the Dinuclear Copper(I) Complex (E=S)
Engineering materials. 2, An introduction to microstructures, processing and design
Material world : innovative structures and finishes for interiors
Painelaitemateriaalit = Materials for pressure purposes. Osa 5 = Part 5, Hitsatut teräsputket = Welded steel tubes
Materials and their applications in landscape design
Steel structures : controlling behavior through design
Rare-earth-metal-induced nanoscale structures on Si(111) surface studied by scanning tunneling microscope and low-energy electron diffraction
Metallien korroosionestomaalaus = Anti-corrosive painting of metals. Osa 3 = Part 3, Kenttätestausmenetelmät II = Field test methods II
Synthesis of a labile sulfur-centred ligand, [S(H)C(PPh2S)2]-: structural diversity in lithium(i), zinc(ii) and nickel(ii) complexes
Metallic thin film structures and polarization shaping gratings
Best practice for the specification and installation of metal cladding and secondary steelwork
Targeted technology programmes : a conceptual evaluation : evaluation of Kenno, Plastic Processing and Pigments technology programmes : evaluation report
Atomic level phenomena on transition metal surfaces
Aluminium structures in the entertainment industry
Metallien korroosionestomaalaus = Anti-corrosive painting of metals. Osa 1 = Part 1, Teräsrakenteiden korroosionesto suojamaaliyhdistelmillä = Corrosion protection of steel structures by protective paint systems
Materials science and engineering : an introduction
Technology of engineering materials
Proceedings of the METNET Seminar 2015 in Budapest
Proceedings of the METNET Seminar 2013 in Luleå
Quantum chemical studies on transition metal complexes : applications of the Hartfree-Fock method for bridged zirconocenes
