http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p19968 business economy
business economy
A practical approach to business studies
Business research methods : an applied orientation
Applied economics : an introductory course
Market leader : upper intermediate business English. Course book
For business ethics : a critical approach
Global tourism
How to be an even better manager
"Mintzberg asserts that conventional MBA classrooms overemphasize the science of management while ignoring its art and denigrating its craft, leaving a distorted impression of its practice. We need to get back to a more engaging style of management, to build stronger organizations, not bloated share prices. This calls for another approach to management education, whereby practicing managers learn from their own experience. We need to build the art and the craft back into management education, and into management itself." "Mintzberg examines what is wrong with our current system. Conventional MBA programs are mostly for young people with little or no experience. These are the wrong people. Programs to train them emphasize analysis and technique. These are the wrong ways. They leave graduates with the false impression that they have been trained as managers, which has had a corrupting effect on the practice of management as well as on our organizations and societies. These are the wrong consequences." "Mintzberg describes a very different approach to management education, which encourages practicing managers to learn from their own experience. No one can create a manager in a classroom. But existing managers can significantly improve their practice in a thoughtful classroom that makes use of that experience."--BOOK JACKET. Crump.
Being Right or Making Money
"Summer in Space 2014" : Digital business development course
Financial aspects of a small hospitality business planning : through the example of a business plan of a café in Helsinki downtown
Developing expert systems for business
Essentials of marketing research
One red paperclip : the story of how one man changed his life one swap at a time
Implementing SAP Courses into the International Business Degree Programme
Ethics for international business  : decision making in a global political economy
Regional energy wood logistics : optimizing local fuel supply
Business and management research methodologies. Vol. 6, Evaluating research and the question of criteriology
The Competitive enterprise : Winners and losers in German and European markets
Principles of operations management
Monitoring the chipping and transportation of wood fuels with a fleet management system
Environmental goods and services sector
Principles of financial & management accounting : a corporate approach
Double Degree Programmes in the Internationalisation in Higher Education Institutions : Case Seinäjoki University of Applied Sciences,  Business School
Environmental issues in business education curricula at Finnish Universities of Applied Sciences : towards a postmodern curriculum?
Business Concept Development : Case: P.Art: Party Artistic Solutions Oy
Risky strategy : understanding risk to improve strategic decisions
Journal of business and industrial management
"In today's volatile business landscape, adaptability and creativity are more crucial than ever. It is no longer possible-or even desirable-to learn one set of job skills and to work your way up the ladder. At the same time, entrepreneurs with great ideas for new products or technologies that could change the world often struggle to capture the attention of venture capital firms and incubators; finding the funding necessary to launch a start-up can feel impossible. The business leaders of our future must anticipate change to create their own opportunities for personal satisfaction and professional success. In Disrupt You!, Jay Samit, a digital media expert who has launched, grown, and sold start-ups and Fortune 500 companies alike, describes the unique method he has used to invent new markets and expand established businesses.  Samit has been at the helm of businesses in the ecommerce, digital video, social media, mobile communications, and software industries, helping to navigate them through turbulent economic times and guide them through necessary transformation so that they stay ahead of the curve. In Disrupt You!, he reveals how specific strategies that help companies flourish can be applied at an individual level to help anyone can achieve success and lasting prosperity-without needing to raise funds from outside investors.  Incorporating stories from his own experience and anecdotes from other innovators and disruptive businesses-including Richard Branson, Steve Jobs, Elon Musk, YouTube, Circ du Soleil, Odor Eaters, Iams, Silly Putty, and many more-Samit shows how personal transformation can reap entrepreneurial and professional rewards. Disrupt You! offers clear and empowering advice for anyone looking to break through; for anyone with a big idea but with no idea how to apply it; and for anyone worried about being made irrelevant in an era of technological transformation. This engaging, perspective-shifting book demystifies the mechanics of disruption for individuals and businesses alike"
Collins pocket business dictionary
Innovations as communication processes : a legal architecture for governing ideas in business
Market leader : intermediate business english. Teacher's resource book
Asia Pacific journal of management
The economist : Helsinki
In 1997 the Russian economy seemed to have overcome inflation and to be poised for economic growth.But as it turned out there was little time to enjoy the fruits of financial stabilization, which was overturned by the 1998 crisis.Some reasons for inconsistencies in the Russian financial stabilization program are analysed here, as well as the conflict between the stability objective of monetary policy and the potentially inflationary budgetary policy that evolved in Russia in 1995-1997.Also discussed are certain trends in macroeconomic performance in 1996-1997 that raised the probability of a financial crisis. .
The Routledge companion to international management education
" Businesses looking to succeed in the digital, global economy must innovate to survive, and !nnovation highlights the pioneers who have broken the mold and led the pack in every field, from IT to food, fashion to healthcare. Innovation expert, Kim Chandler McDonald underlines the common denominators linking these highly creative people, such as their compulsion to tell their truth, unpalatable or not, their entrepreneurial instincts and their steadfast protection of their brands. This book offers: --understanding of innovation as a mindset rather than a process --insight on how to start thinking like an innovator and into how this can assist them with their own careers and goals --knowledge of how to cultivate innovation in their own team, department or business --personal accounts from international innovators !nnovation showcases interviews with over 100 people who have pushed aside the boundaries in their field, such as: Matt Flannery, CEO/Co-Founder of Kiva, the microfinancing organization working to alleviate poverty; author Seth Godin; Zappos CEO Tony Hsieh; Digital Royalty CEO Amy Jo Martin; and Chief Innovation Officer at the marketing agency MDC Partners, Faris Yakob. Chandler McDonald finds out what drives these successful innovators, what makes innovations take off and why innovation is so critical to individuals, economies and to society as a whole"--
Insight to impact : results of the fourth quinquennial European logistics study
Commercial real estate restructuring revolution  : strategies, tranche warfare, and prospects for recovery
Developing the business practices of an SME operating in the music service industry : a perspective on organic growth and development as led by the owner-manager
Marketing : the basics
Crises and scandals in the world of international management have brought a new spotlight onto how the subject is taught, studied and understood. There has been a plethora of literature on international management, but a lack of focus on how international management education (IME) can be shaped to respond to existing and future global business challenges. The Routledge Companion to International Management Education gathers together contributors from academia, industry and university administration involved in IME, to: introduce the domain of IME; describe the emerging state in new geographical areas; discuss the major issues and debates revolving around IME; explore the linkage of technology and international management, and shed light on the future of IME. The diverse background of the contributors provides a global perspective that challenges the dominant Anglo-American view, with up-to-date specific insights originating from their indigenous view points, which has often been neglected and inadequately covered. The volume answers important questions, such as: Do we need a vision in IME? What is the current state of IME? How has IME grown in emerging market segments? What roles does technology play in its recent development? The volume provides thought-provoking reading for educators, administrators, policy makers, human resources professionals and researchers. It will also give future international management students a glimpse of IME from a global inside-out perspective.
How to plan ahead for hard times in business
Perception-based pricing strategies for mobile services in customer marketing context
Marketing on a restricted budget
The business solution to poverty : designing products and services for three billion new customers
Business and management research methodologies. Vol. 5, Social constructionist research methodologies 0005
A comprehensive introduction to research methods in business for students planning or undertaking a dissertation or extensive research project in business and management. The sixth edition of Research Methods for Business Students brings the theory, philosophy and techniques of research to life and enables students to understand the practical relevance of the research methods. A highly accessible style and logical structure have made this the 'student choice' and run-away market leader. The book is written for students on undergraduate and postgraduate degree programmes in business, or business-related disciplines. The following online resources support the text: *For Students: self-assessment questions, glossary, revision "flashcards", tutorials for SPSS and NVivo, plus Smarter Online Searching Guide.
Business in action
Nordicum : Scandinavian business magazine
A study of Negotiation Styles : Between business managers from UK and Indian cultural backgrounds
Where to find business information : a worldwide guide for everyone who needs the answers to business questions
The hard thing about hard things : building a business when there are no easy answers
The meaning of modern business : an introduction to the philosophy of large corporate enterprise
Ask John : straight-talking, common sense from the front line of management
The role of network governance in business model performance
Builders and dreamers : the making and meaning of management
Trump : the art of the deal
Artificial intelligence applications for business : proceedings of the NYU symposium, May, 1983
Studies on the spatial concentration of human capital
Disrupt yourself : master personal transformation, seize oppotunity and thrive in the era of endless innovation
!nnovation : how innovators think, act and change our world
Better, stronger, faster  : build it, scale it flog it : the entrepreneur's step-by-step guide ot success in business
The public wealth of nations : how management of public assets can boost or bust economic growth
Revenue management for hospitality and tourism
Statistic for economics, accounting and business studies
Corporate finance
Memos for management : leadership
The business of sharing : making it in the new sharing economy
Asymmetric news effects on volatility : good vs. bad news in good vs. bad times
Synthetic worlds : emerging technologies in education and economics
Gamification framework for marketing courses
Starting a business for dummies
Current research 1992 : research projects in progress or completed at the Department of Business Administration, University of Stockholm : a presentation of staff, projects and publications, academic year 1991-92
The executive's guide to enterprise social media strategy : how social networks are radically transforming your business
Complete business statistics
How to survive and prosper as an artist : selling yourself without selling your soul
Managers, not MBAs : a hard look at the soft practice of managing and management development
Transport development challenges in the twenty-first century : Proceedings of the 2015 Transopot Conference
The Asian insider : unconventional wisdom for Asian business
Towards bioeconomy : a three-phase Delphi study on forest biorefinery diffusion in Scandinavia and North America
Quantitative decision procedures in management and economics : deterministic theory and applications
The entrepreneurial circumstances for small medium enterprises within Estonia : a legal perspective
Mission : how the best in business break through
Warren Buffett's management secrets : proven tools for personal and business success
Business and management research methodologies. Vol. 4, Combining empiricist methods : multi-method research and case studies
Abstract: Training professionals for the global marketplace. Cross-evaluation report of the degree programme in international business.
Ben Horowitz, cofounder of Andreessen Horowitz and one of Silicon Valley's most respected and experienced entrepreneurs, draws on his own story of founding, running, selling, buying, managing, and investing in technology companies to offer essential advice and practical wisdom for navigating the toughest problems business schools don't cover
Negotiation strategies and skills in international business : a study of negotiators in Finland
Cambridge business English dictionary
Bartlett's Book of Business Quotations
Nordic journal of business : Espoo
Return on impact : leadership strategies for the age of connected relationships
Women and the new business leadership
Introduction to business
CEF-based competence profiles : language and communication needs survey for teaching business students
Rising indebtedness increases risks in China
The price advantage
DENSY - Distributed Energy Systems 2003-2007 : final report
Tycoon
Management, education and competitiveness : Europe, Japan and the United States
Business and management research methodologies. Vol. 1, Recent methodological debates abd disputes in business and management research
The snowball : Warren Buffett and the business of life
The essence of statistics for business
The student learner on the shelf : practical activity and agency in higher education
Statistics for business : data analysis and modelling
A group of Finnish teachers and students visited Fontys University of Applied Sciences in the Netherlands. The aim of the visit was to benchmark learning and teaching, quality assurance and curricula development in the degree programmes. The project was successful, and both universities will develop their actions according to the results. The benchmarking project was funded by the Finnish Higher Education Evaluation Council.    The article discusses of the implementation of the international benchmarking project and the results gained in comparing learning and teaching. Benchmarking worksheet proved to be a useful tool for comparing activities. The project created multi-disciplinary cooperation, mainly because there were both teachers, students and the members of the support staff participating to the project. Student involvement was crucial to the success of the project.
Working with Odoo 10 : configure, manage, and customize Odoo to build professional-level business applications
Business history : selected readings
International business-society management : linking corporate responsibility and globalization
Russia : Virtual stabilization and real crisis
Benchmarking learning and teaching : international case study from the Oulu University of Applied Sciences and the Fontys University of Applied Sciences
Market leader : intermediate business English. Test file
Business Arabic : an essential vocabulary
Implementation : the key to successful information systems
Macmillan directory of business information sources
Portfolio management and the competitiveness of forest ownership
Education and training in the development of modern corporations : proceedings of the Fuji Conference
Travel and tourism management
Connected community - a new approach to business strategy
Business buzzwords : the tough new jargon of modern business
Training professionals for the global marketplace : cross-evaluation report of the degree programme in international business
High output management
Written by leading academic and industry experts actively engaged in revenue management, research and teaching this is a new and original treatment of the whole field for students and professionals.
Collecting and interpretation of the Russian accounting information
Research methods for business students
Innovation of network goods : a non-innovating firm will gain
The business and management review
Journal of excellence in sales
Business dictionary : English-Swedish, Swedish-English : legal matters, finance, economy, management, industry, marketing, advertising, photo, electronic production, printing, paper production
Overseas Chinese bourgeoisie : a Peking tool in Southeast Asia
Connected community : a new approach to business strategy
"Any business looking to succeed in today's and tomorrow's global, digital economy must innovate. Innovation showcases the pioneers who have broken the mould and led the pack in every field from business and technology to food, fashion, culture and healthcare. It highlights the common denominators linking these highly creative people, such as their compunction to tell their truth; their entrepreneurial instincts; and their fierce protection of their 'brands'. Innovation draws on exclusive interviews with nearly 100 people who have pushed aside the boundaries in their field. It presents the inside track on who's done what, how they did it, what drives them on, and why innovation is so critical to individuals, businesses and to society as a whole. Most importantly, it will empower you and your business to be more innovative too"--
Human resource management in the hospitality industry ; M. J.  Boella
Review of agricultural economics
The Finnish economy is returning to growth
Nordicum : Scandinavian business review
European business
e-Learning and the science of instruction : proven guidelines for consumers and designers of multimedia learning
A case study on the role of the Finnish Defence Forces in the transport sector
Business life in pursuit of economic and political advantages in early-nineteenth-century Finland
"According to USA Today, fifty percent of today's college students want to be an entrepreneur. And the jobless recovery of our recent recession and the realities of our always-changing world mean that everyone now needs to think like an innovator. Small startups are displacing hundred-year-old companies virtually overnight. The business landscape is more volatile--and full of possibility--than ever. A serial entrepreneur who has been at the forefront of global trends for over thirty years, Jay Samit spent his career studying the system successful disruptors employ to achieve greatness. In Disrupt Yourself, he distills that process into steps that can be practiced by anyone. Virgin, Apple, Microsoft, and eBay were all founded by disruptors who questioned their assumptions, designed their own life paths, found ideas that solved big problems, and then pivoted their energies to do it all over again. Samit shows how he made a career launching businesses, selling them, and then reinventing himself to do it again and in Disrupt Yourself, he shows how others can do it too. With the practical insight of Marshall Goldsmith and the no-holds-barred style of Tim Ferriss, digital innovator Jay Samit shows how all successful entrepreneurs and business leaders maximize opportunity, drive change, and achieve resilience. This groundbreaking book is an essential guide for those yearning for professional success in an unstable world"--
Sustainability focused Master Degree Programme and Master's Thesis
Doing business in Russia : based on the example of Saint Petersburg. Episode 2, Preparing for business : win the battle before getting engaged in it!
A bivariate autoregressive probit model : predicting U.S. business cycle and growth rate cycle recessions
Business opportunities in the Yangtze River Delta, China
A new approach to firm evaluation
A portrait of the life and career of investment guru Warren Buffett sheds new light on the man, as well as on the work, ideas, business principles, strategies, and no-nonsense insights that have guided his phenomenally successful business endeavors.
Business : the key concepts
The business bullshit book : the worlds most comprehensive dictionary
International business : the new realities
The Deliverability of the BIT Programme at Lahti UAS in Training BIT Experts
Guide to business information on Central and Eastern Europe
The economist : e-lehti
The economist : Espoo
Approximation and calibration of stochastic processes in finance
Business models in action : an empirical investigation into a case organization
Strengthening farmer-led economic activities and agribusiness through producer organizations in Zambia : a country specific study of Zambia for the farmers fighting poverty : producers' organizations support programme
Last 50 years have been witness significant changes in production processes fuelled by rapid technological advances, easy access to information and an ongoing trend towards globalization. As the level of commercial exchanges between countries grew, competition between firms became more intense, concurring to increased and improved product offers and need for continuous innovation. Most firms faced the dilemma of either becoming global players or vanish. In their endeavours to survive or gain supremacy on the market, firms further developed not only their product offering, but also worked out new business models and strategies that helped them to use their resources at their best and strengthen market position. Consequently, last decades have been witness significant shifts from traditional strategic approaches, based on vertical integration, towards promotion of collaboration and innovation in inter-firm relationships, and also visible trends towards diversifying firms' business strategies. As prestigious scholars had noticed correlations between company's success rate and its business model, the study of strategies employed by modern businesses became more wide-spread than before. The present thesis tries to bring into light one strategic approach that is becoming more and more popular among firms: connected community, also know as open business ecosystem strategy. It involves collaboration between business partners and competitors, for the research and development of innovative products and services that suits best customer's needs. By fostering collaboration and sharing principles, the strategy changes somehow the paradigm that implies the fact that only fierce competition can increase a firm' market share, showing that cooperation and fair practices have potential to play a significant role in an enterprise success. Using methods specific to case study research, the thesis make the reader understand what is a connected community strategy, how the strategy is applied in real-life situations, what are its benefits, and what kind of challenges could be meet when applying it. Aiming to offer an easy to understand guide about connected community strategy, the thesis combines a wide range of theoretical sources acquired from the works of well-acknowledged scholars, with practical examples from ARM Corp, the case-study company. By being able to offer a comprehensive image about the strategy, the thesis can be used as a stating point for the study of connected community concept, or for the ones willing to adopt an connected community approach in their business environment.
The art of Japanese management
Pocket negatiator
Business case studies. Answer guide
The naked manager : games executives play
Getting (more of) what you want : How the secrets of economics & psychology can help you negotiate anything in business & life
Liiketaloustieteellinen kirjallisuus Suomessa 1974 = Bibliography of business economics literature in Finland 1974.
Cooperatives as a tool for poverty reduction and promoting business in Tanzania
One billion customers : lessons from the front lines of doing business in China
Market leader : intermediate business English. Course book
"In 'The Woman's Place is in the Boardroom' the authors put the business case for more women on company boards. In the next book they explained how to acheive it. Here the authors discuss the role women directors can play in the reform of corporate governance systems following recent financial, crises in leadership, governance and the economy"--
Ethical business : challenges and controversies
Disrupt you! : master personal transformation, seize opportunity, and thrive in the era of endless innovation
Master-hand of business negotiation for white-collars in foreign corporations = Waiqi bailing sucheng yingyu zhi shangwu tanpan gaoshou
The business model : formation, description and definition
Integration of foreign degree students into the Finnish school system & society
The shorter MBA : a practical approach to business skills
Power score : your formula for leadership success
The Random House handbook of business terms
Business Opportunities of Solar Photovoltaic Home Systems in Vietnam : case study: FOSERA Co. Ltd.
Market Leader : intermediate business english. Course book
Training professionals for the global marketplace: cross-evaluation report of the degree programme in international business
Strategy logic of the venture capitalist : understanding venture capitalism - the businesses within - by exploring linkages between ownership and strategy of venture capital companies, over time, in America and Europe
Secret of my success
Journal of business research
The economist : Vantaa
Check your English vocabulary for business and administration
Abstract: The world is definitely becoming smaller due to advances in transport and communications. Technology combined with the development of a world economy have resulted in people from different nations, cultures, languages and backgrounds now communicating, meeting and doing business with one another more than ever. Very few businesses can escape the need to at some point in time deal with foreign colleagues, clients or customers. Business is international and if an organisation wants to develop and grow it needs to harness the potential an international stage offers.  Negotiations are a frequent part of international business. Parties involved in a negotiation face different problems in reaching a successful outcome. When the parties have different cultural bacgrounds the faced problems becomes more complex. The West (UK) and the East (India) have attracted many experts to make a comparison because distinguished differences do exist in the two kinds of cultures and are the deep-seated reasons as to why negotiation styles differ between the UK and Indian business people.
A study of negotiation styles : between business managers from UK and Indian cultural backgrounds
How the mighty fall : and why some companies never give in
Economics for business
Big in Asia : 25 strategies for business success
OCR AS business studies. Unit F292, Business functions
Nordic journal of business : Helsinki
Business studies : an integrated approach
Doing business in 2005 : removing obstacles to growth
Assessing the incidence of butt rot in Norway spruce in southern Finland
Website design and development : 100 questions to ask before building a website
A dictionary of business
China's long march toward a market economy
Starting a business from home :  choosing a business, getting online, reaching your market and making a profit
Academic writing for international students of business
Business ethics
The total amount of public and private debt in China has increased rapidly since the financial crisis. The country's debt-to-GDP ratio has already reached the level seen in many advanced economies. The rapid rise in debt in many countries has led to financial sector problems and to a marked slowing of economic growth. Sustainable management of the economy in China would require a slowdown in the debt build-up. There are no indications of this as yet. Curbing debt accumulation would require China's readiness to accept lower growth targets..
The innovation illusion : how so little is created by so many working so hard
Introduction to business : opening doors
Nordic journal of business
Essays on migration
Move On
About Ethics and Values in Business Education - A Cross-Cultural Perspective
37 questions everyone in business needs to answer
Summary. Concluding remarks (s. 417-426).
Risks related to economic and credit cycles
The Finnish economy is returning to growth. Economic data have strengthened, and leading indicators suggest growth continuing through the forecast years. However, this growth is entirely dependent on domestic demand, and net exports remain weak. The Finnish economy is still lagging behind activity in the rest of the euro area, and real GDP will not recover its pre-financial crisis level even by the end of the forecast period. Meanwhile, the increasing role of the service sector in the economy slows productivity growth and the decline in the working-age population also dampens longer-term prospects. The Bank of Finland forecast foresees 1.1% GDP growth in 2016. The economy will continue to grow by 1.1% in 2017 and 1.0% in 2018..
Sustainable feedback in higher education : relation between and changeability of self-efficacy, goal orientation, and learning behavior
Bills of lading : law and practice
Odoo 10 Development Essentials : fast-track your development skills to build powerful Odoo 10 business applications
