http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p19988 phototherapy (psychotherapy )
phototherapy (psychotherapy )
Maailman ihanin tyttö = The loveliest girl in the world
Magazine photo collage : a multicultural assessment and treatment technique
Melamorphosis : an artistic journey through shapeshifting
I as me : making of 2000 & 11 self-portraits / [editor: Ilona Tanskanen ; editorial team: Taina Erävaara ... [et al.] ; photographs: Vesa Aaltonen ... [et al.] ]
Phototherapy and therapeutic photography in a digital age
God is at eye level : photography as a healing art
Instant images : a guide to using photography in therapy
Art - photography - therapy 2008
Digital art therapy : material, methods and applications
Cultural sniping : the art of transgression
As the field of digital art therapy rapidly expands, this book guides readers through the many applications of digital media in art therapy. With consideration of professional and ethical issues, expert contributors discuss materials and methods, with case examples to show how digital art therapy works in practice.
I as Me is a making-of detailing the project 2000 & 11 SELF-PORTRAITS, which was part of the official programme of Turku European Capital of Culture 2011. The project opened up a new outlook on self-portraits and autobiographical writing to all who are interested in making, studying or using art – especially for art students in higher education and those intrigued by the empowering aspects of art. The project was coordinated by the Arts Academy of Turku University of Applied Sciences. This book is based on the Finnish work Omakuva on jokaisen kuva (A Self-Portrait is a Portrait of Everyone, 2011), which was published as part of the 2000 & 11 SELF-PORTRAITS project. Some of the articles have been expanded, and also a lot of makingof material has been added, including interviews of the participants, artwork from the exhibitions, new workshop methods and other miscellaneous documentation. In this book, workshop leaders, participants, artists and researchers discuss their own ways to view, access and create self-portraits as well as autobiographical writing. Additionally, I as Me contains a wide selection of self-portraits made in numerous workshops of the 2000 & 11 SELF-PORTRAITS project, creating a fascinating period piece. Self-Portrait is diverse and personal -- (Takakansi)
Telling stories with photo essays : a guide for prek-5 teachers
Phototherapy techniques : exploring the secrets of personal snapshots and family albums
Videoinsight : healing with contemporary art
Breaking the frames : snapshooting the genre of family photography and ways of using it
I as me : making of 2000 & 11 self-portraits
