http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p19978 time machines
time machines
Association between Intensity of Information and Communication Technology usage and Quality of Sleep Among School-aged children
Erityiskohteiden ajallisen työnsuunnittelun ATK-sovellutus = ADP-application of schedules and resources planning for special projects
The thrilling adventures of Lovelace and Babbage : with interesting & curious anecdotes of celebrated and distinguished characters : fully illustrating a variety of instructive and amusing scenes; as performed within and without the remarkable difference engine : embellished with portraits and scientifick diagrams
At this very moment in Geneva, Switzerland, history is being made. A thousand meters underground inside the Large Hadron Collider, researcher Neela Sethi is about to discover time travel - and jeopardize her life in the process. But she doesn't know that yet. Ten minutes from now, every deadbeat chrononaut, wannabe conqueror, and misguided protector of the timestream will be banging down her door. Good thing that the legendary Ivar, Timewalker, got there first... right? Now it's down to history's most jaded, most tempestuous time traveler to stop the worst of everything that is, was, and will be... before time runs out!
Cudweed's time machine
Time machine
Dr. Nicholas is ridiculous!
The accuracy of manually recorded time study data for harvester operation shown via simulator screen
Let them eat cake! : Mr. Peabody & Sherman
Penny of the pyramids : Mr. Peabody & Sherman
The arrows of time
Back to the future : part II
Real-time rendering
Mr. Peabody & Sherman : big golden book
Scheduling algorithms
State space modeling of time series
Hot tub time machine. 2
Full-color medieval ornament : CD-ROM & book
The scientific secrets of Doctor Who
Compton Valance Super F.A.R.T.s versus the Master of Time
The psychic tourist : a voyage into the curious world of predicting the future
[Abstract].
Manmade marvels in medieval culture and literature
Screen rites : a study of Swedish young people's use and meaning-making of screen-based media in everyday life
Detector-based visual analysis of time-series data
The morning of the world
Deep time : how humanity communicates across millennia
Doughnuts for dragons
The existence of space and time
Real-time visual simulation of volumetric surfaces
Predestination
Real-Time weather station in Internet
Back to the future : the game : Wii
Doctor Who : the time machine
Safety not guaranteed
Two felling methods in final cutting of shelterwood, single-grip harvester productivity and damage to the regeneration
Vedestä lentoon : näkökulmia merilentotoiminnan historiaan = Ur vattnet upp i skyn : perspektiv på sjöflygets historia = From water to flight : perspectives on the history of sea aviation
How to draw steampunk
Game of thrones : PCDVD
Simulation-based design process of smart machines
Mr. Peabody & Sherman : junior novelization
How to build a time machine
Compton Valance, the most powerful boy in the Universe
3D game engine design : a practical approach to real-time computer graphics
The time machine
Game design : the art & business of creating games
3D game engine architecture : engineering real-time applications with Wild Magic
Expressions of future in present-day English : a corpus-based approach
Reloading mechanized tree planting devices faster using a seedling tray carousel
Motion and time study
Time series analysis
The Wells bequest
Back to the future
The Avengers. [Vol. 1]
Build your own time machine : the real science of time travel
The Avengers : the heroic age
Seedbed to harvest : Farm machinery through the seasons
Horrid Henry and the Mega-Mean Time Machine
Travels in four dimensions : the enigmas of space and time
Possibilities to use automatic and manual timing in time studies on harvester operations
Excavators and backhoe loaders as base machines in logging operations
Bayesian latent Gaussian spatio-temporal models
Steamed : a steampunk romance
Back to the future : part III
The clockwork rocket
Back to the future part II
Back to the future. Volume 1, Untold tales and alternate timelines
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
Mr. Peabody & Sherman
FutureWorld : where science fiction becomes science
Comparison of harvester work in forest and simulator environments
The time-travelling sandwich bites back
Model selection in time series machine learning applications
