http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1991 taxicabs
taxicabs
Simmel hails a cab : fleeting sociability in the urban taxi
Drive-by shootings
Taksikuski : 2-disc collector's edition
Integration in Ireland : the everyday lives of African migrants
Intergration of limousine services and pre-booked taxis in the circulation system of Berlin-Brandenburg Airport
The management communication in L채hitaksi Oy
The rugged off-roader
Summary: Towards night in Helsinki.
The driver's logbook
Learning to drive
Retention through rewarding : case study: Kai Malvela Tmi
Access to taxis
The taxi about Town
The incarnations
Hack : stories from a Chicago cab
Factors related to seat belt use : a Turkish case
Confessions of a New York taxi driver
This thesis covers internal and managerial communication at L채hitaksi Oy. The research concentrates on different internal communication channels and their functionality. This thesis offers a look into internal and managerial communication of this company. The idea for this thesis came from my personal experience of working there. The main aim of this research is to find out how communication between upper management and workers of L채hitaksi is handled and how it could be developed. It describes the internal and managerial communication channels. Since there was no previous study made about this in L채hitaksi, this research can be used to help develop communication in these areas. The first part in this thesis is a theoretical framework. It describes what internal communication of a company consists of and what essential things internal communication needs in order to help make a business successful. The specific communication channels are introduced in this section. The theory also describes managerial communication. The section about managerial communication describes the role of management in a company and what is required of a good manager. This research shows that there is no actual communication channel between upper management and workers, and this affects communication. Workers feel that they do not get enough information from upper management and that it does not actually communicate with them at all. However, upper management feels that it "respects the workers' privacy" and always does inform about new things effectively, utilizing lower management.
Taxi! : a social history of the New York City cabdriver
Foreign, Gods, Inc
FX4 black cab 1958-1997 : an insight into the history and development of the famous London taxi
Paul Schrader was in meltdown in 1972. Drinking heavily, living in his car, he was hospitalised with a gastric ulcer. There he read about Arthur Bremer's attempt to assassinate Alabama Governor George Wallace: the story was the germ of his screenplay for Taxi Driver (1976). Executives at Columbia hated the script, but when Martin Scorsese and Robert De Niro, who were flying high after the triumphs of Mean Streets (1973) and The Godfather Part II (1974), signed up, Taxi Driver became too good a package to refuse.
The yellow cab
The man who wore all his clothes
The book of Dave : a revelation of the recent past and the distant future
Chained
The Book Thief & I Am the Messenger
FX4 black cab : an insight into the history and development of the famous London taxi
"The integration of new immigrants is one of the most important issues in Europe, yet not enough is known about the lives of migrants. This book draws on several years of ethnographic research with African migrants in Ireland, many of whom are former asylum seekers. Against the widespread assumptions that integration has been handled well in Ireland and that racism is not a major problem, this book shows that migrants are themselves shaping integration in their everyday lives in the face of enormous challenges. The book will appeal to scholars and students interested in migration and ethnicity and to a general reading public interested in the stories of integration in Ireland. The book is situated within current anthropological theory and makes an important contribution, both theoretically and empirically, to understandings of the everyday and a site of possibility and critique."--Publisher's website.
Conclusions (s. 175-177).
It's on the meter : one taxi, three mates and 43,000 miles of misadventures around the world
I am the messenger
