http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p19960 beams (skeleton constructions)
beams (skeleton constructions)
Visual mechanics : beams & stress states
Development of beam and plate finite elements based on the absolute nodal coordinate formulation
Design of steel structures. Modul 6, Stability of columns and beams
Design problems for glulan beams with holes : stresses and stress concentrations, fracture criteria, design considerations
Structural and stress analysis
Behaviour of a semi-continuous beam-column connection for composite slim floors
Examples in structural analysis
A computationally efficient shear deformable beam element for large deformation multibody applications
Composite beam design to Eurocode 4 : based on DD ENV 1994-1-1: 1994 Eurocode 4: design of composite steel and concrete structures: Part 1.1: general rules and rules for buildings with reference to the UK National Application Document
Design for openings in the webs of composite beams
An introduction to sandwich construction
Corrosion of steel in concrete : understanding, investigation and repair
Dynamic analysis for axially moving viscoelastic panels
"With numerous practical step-by-step examples to illustrate the analysis and design of steel and composite members and connections, this book provides an integrated and comprehensive introduction to the analysis and design of steel and steel-concrete composite structures. It describes the fundamental behavior of steel and composite members and structures and the latest design criteria and procedures. Each section covers the necessary fundamentals for its respective material, but the integration provides further practical insight not possible in independent textbooks. "--
Joints in steel construction. Moment connections
Design of the buckling resistance of compressed HSS channels
EuroCADcrete : study book : version 4.0, 2005-December
Joints of glulam structures based on glued-in ribbed steel rods
Mechanics of materials
Composite structures of steel and concrete : beams, slabs, columns, and frames for buildings
Stresses in beams, plates, and shells
Design of composite beams using precast concrete slabs
Polish yard wins ro-lo pair
The thesis presents the brief and illustrative history of glued trusses and a new truss type developed by Tuomo Poutanen. It should also point out variety of different characteristics among them. The aim has been to create a comprehensive, yet easy-to-read brochure on the current situation of glued trusses. A large part of the work has been modeling the truss features three-dimensionally to obtain easily understandable figures. The use of glued wooden trusses commercially began in Germany in the 50's. The first viable product was DSB, which was based on the use of simple woodworking and was thus possible to produce in greater quantities. DSB got a competitor in the next decade, when PERI arrived in the market. The latter is still popular, especially as a casting mold structure in concrete construction. The Finnish people relied in wooden buildings firmly on nail plate trusses. Glued trusses were introduced to the domestic market, different so that the nail plates were replaced by glued veneer sheets. Two of these reached the commercial use the UI-truss and A-kapula. In the first truss diagonals on both sides were clamped between chords, as in the second plywood sheet is clutched on top of the connection point. These trusses have shown that glued joint has a good durability in Finland, both indoors and outdoors. The I-beam, the LVL-beam as well as doweled, bolted and nail plate attached wooden trusses are competing with glued wooden trusses and therefore are included in the thesis. The I-beam and LVL-beam differ from glued wooden trusses, above all, in material, dimensions and possible places for openings. Metallic binders need to be more precisely designed for achieving desired joint strength. These additional parts are also raising the price of the final product more than glue. Poutanen introduced a glued timber truss based on the finger joint to provide a stiff joint. Examining the uses of the truss Poutanen discovered other accessible advantages plausible for trusses such as reliable joints, flexible support options, more placement options for openings, better joint aesthetics, the robust truss manufacturing on the same production line as lighter ones. Poutanen's truss is designed to reduce the use of material and to add more possible applications. Poutanen claims that the most common use for this truss should be intermediate floor structure considering the lightness and opening placement possibilities.
Simplified mechanics & strength of materials
Design of composite beams with large web openings : in accordance with Eurocodes and the UK National Annexes
Finite element analysis of structures at high temperatures : with special application to plane steel beams and frames
Analysis of beams on elastic foundations : using finite difference theory
Design of steel structures. Modul 5, Cross-sectional resistance
Tragsysteme = Structure systems
Vector mechanics for engineers : statics
Duration of load effect on LVL beams. Part 1, Short term reference test
Classification of cross sections for steel beams in different design codes
Testing fibre reinforced concrete in an inverted T-beam
Lateral stability of steel beams and columns : common cases of restraint
A competitive market study of the Chinese manufactures of welded stainless steel tube and a competitive analysis of their web pages : case company: Stalatube Oy.
Composite slabs and beams using steel decking : best practice for design and construction
Holzleimbau = Laminated timber construction
Strength of materials
Load-carrying capacity of a strengthened reinforced concrete bridge : non-linear finite element modeling of a test to failure: assessment of train load capacity of a two span railway trough bridge in Örnsköldsvik strengthened with bars of carbon fibre reinforced polymers (CFRP)
Curved and cambered glulam beams. Part 1, Short term load tests
Design of composite slabs and beams with steel decking
Shear buckling and overall web buckling of welded aluminium girders
Structural detailing in steel
Duration of load effect on curved glulam beams. Part 2, Long term load tests and analysis
Beam structures : classical and advanced theories
Finite element analysis of beam-to-beam contact
Design of wood structures : ASD
Composite materials : design and applications
Glued timber trusses
Duration of load effect on curved glulam beams. Part 1, Short term reference tests
Capacity of an I-beam made of S960 QC based on Eurocode 3
Steel construction manual
Dimensioning of strain or deformation-controlled reinforced concrete beams
Analysis and design of steel and composite structures
Design of curved steel
Duration of load effect on LVL beams. Part 2, Long term load tests under constant and cyclic humidity
Practical stress analysis in engineering design
Statics for dummies
Stroebel's view camera basics
Understanding structures : an introduction to structural analysis
Design of structural elements : concrete, steelwork, masonry and timber design to British standards and Eurocodes
