http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p19919 historical semantics
historical semantics
English historical linguistics 2008 : selected papers from the fifteenth International Conference on English historical linguistics (ICEHL 15), Munich, 24-30 August 2008.. Vol. 1, The history of English verbal and nominal constructions
Andean cosmologies through time : persistence and emergence
Language change
Conceptualizing shame : investigating uses of the English word shame, 1418-1991
Theories of lexical semantics
Grammaticalization and social embedding : I THINK and METHINKS in Middle and Early modern English
Revolution and revelation : theology in the political thought of Friedrich Julius Stahl, Wilhelm Weitling and Karl Theodor Welcker
English historical linguistics 2008 : selected papers from the fifteenth International Conference on English historical linguistics (ICEHL 15), Munich, 24-30 August 2008.. Vol. 2, Words, texts and genres
Change in progress : blending theory meets historical semantics
Experience, evidence, and sense : the hidden cultural legacy of English
Current methods in historical semantics
Change in meaning and the meaning of change : studies in semantics and grammar from old to present-day English
This dissertation deals with the political thought of three authors of the Vormärz era in Germany: the liberal Karl Theodor Welcker, the socialist Wilhelm Weitling, and the conservative Friedrich Julius Stahl, who were all central in the early formation of the modern political ideologies in Germany, in the decades leading up to the revolutionary year of 1848. The thesis proceeds from a critical discussion about how religion has been unsatisfactorily treated in much intellectual history, something also witnessed in research on Weitling, Stahl, and Welcker. The aim here is to deepen the understanding of the early evolution of the modern political ideologies in Germany, by investigating the intersection of political thought and Christian theology in the works of three leading thinkers of the time. The approach taken in this study is a contextually informed historical semantics, a text explication based on certain key concepts. Each thematic chapter proceeds from concepts dealing with crucial political topics important to the political thought of the period between the revolutionary years of 1789 and 1848. These topics are headlined as Religion, Society and History.
Abstract words in abstract worlds : directionality and prototypical structure in the semantic change in English nouns of cognition
LOVEscapes : changes in prototypical senses and cognitive metaphors since 1500
Current trends in diachronic semantics and pragmatics
Justified pride? : metaphors of the word pride in English language corpora, 1418-1991
Futures past : on the semantics of historical time
Medieval lord : a diachcronic study of dryhten and hlaford in Old and Middle English
