http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p19975 alumni activities
alumni activities
The service development for HAAGA-HELIA alumni from degree programmes taught in English
The objective of this Bachelor's Thesis is to find out how the HAAGA-HELIA alumni organization's activities should be developed for the graduates of Bachelor Degree Programmes taught in English. The target group included graduates from Bachelor Degree Programmes for Multilingual Management Assistants, in Hotel, Restaurant and Tourism Management, in Tourism, in Sports and Leisure Management, in Business Information Technology and in Experience and Wellness Management. The aim of the thesis is to determine which alumni activities the graduates are satisfied with and which parts need to be further developed. The results will help the alumni coordinators develop the alumni activities to better meet the needs of the graduates from programmes taught in English. The theoretical frame of reference begins by dealing with the concept of customer satisfaction and carries on to cover service design, followed by networking and groups, social media and ends in alumni services. The purpose of the theoretical frame of the study is to support the empirical research. The research method used was a quantitative web-based survey. The survey was conducted from November to December in 2011 and 81 respondents from the programmes mentioned above answered it. The empirical research introduces the characteristics of the research such as the target group, the objectives, the research process and the analysing methods. The main findings of the study are represented in the research results. The alumni network is considered to be an important networking channel, even though many of the alumni had not used the alumni services. Providing the alumni possibilities to acquire business contacts and obtain business opportunities were considered to be important services for them. E-mail was the preferred channel for contacting the alumni. The graduates also wished for access to library and information services, and discounts on goods and services. The discussion chapter introduces the validity and reliability of the study, recommendations and development proposals for the HAAGA-HELIA alumni organization and gives recommendations for further research. It also discusses the author's own learning process.
Higher education administration with social media : including applications in student affairs, enrollment management, alumni relations, and career centers
Abstract.
Developing the alumni co-operation in HAMK
Development of an alumni targeted web site for the university of Regina
Encounters in regions of conflict
Creating a foundation for international alumni networks in the finnish universities  of applied sciences : case: JAMK University of Applied Sciences
Alumni Activities : International Alumni Network for TUAS
