http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p19938 police administration
police administration
Conduct unbecoming : the social construction of police deviance and control
Chinese justice, the fiction : law and literature in modern China
The new policing
Chief constables : bobbies, bosses or bureaucrats?
Government resolution on a drug policy action programme in Finland 2004-2007
Butterworths police law
From the social sector to selective individualized prison practices? : a study on substance abuse among prisoners and its treatment
Legal translation in context : professional issues and prospects
Development and policy use of criminal justice information : proceedings of the Beijing seminar 12-16 September 1994
The limits of the European vision in Bosnia and Herzegovina : an analysis of the police reform negotiations
The policeman in the community
EU justice and home affairs law
Customs, police and judicial cooperation in the European Union : selected instruments. Vol. C
Policing change, changing police : international perspectives
Losing the fight against crime
The Estonian police
Policing Soviet society : the evolution of state control
Plural policing : a comparative perspective
European integration in the 21st century : unity in diversity?
The third pillar of the European Union : cooperation in the fields of justice and home affairs
Democratic policing in transitional and developing countries
Social background of India's administrators : a socio-economic study of the higher civil services of India
The police, public order and the state : policing in Great Britain, Northern Ireland, the Irish Republic, the USA, Israel, South Africa and China
Public order and private lives : the politics of law and order
Police, policing, policy and the city in Europe
Community policing in America
Summary (s. 3).
New borders for a changing Europe : cross-border cooperation and governance
Criminal justice systems in Europe and North America : Israel
The effectiveness of policing
Violence and colonial order : police, workers and protest in the European colonial empires, 1918-1940
Proactive police management
Transformations of policing
Customs, police and judicial cooperation in the European Union : selected instruments. Vol. B
Core issues in policing
The Soviet police system
How to recognize good policing : problems and issues
Literature, science, psychoanalysis, 1830-1970 : essays in honour of Gillian Beer
Policing in Canada, India, Germany, Australia, Finland, and New Zealand : a comparative research study
Community policing : a policing strategy for the 21st century
Quality improvement in European public services : concepts, cases and commentary
Who patrols the streets? : an international comparative study of plural policing
Transnational enforcement of the financial interests of the European Union : developments in the Treaty of Amsterdam and the Corpus Juris
The managing of police organizations
Policing the risk society
The Cambridge social history of Britain 1750-1950. Vol. 3, Social agencies and institutions
Aesthetics of the police station in theree countries : an exercise in using fictive material in creating aesthetic profiles
Transnational European Union : towards a common political space
The Russian administration : a study of Russian authorities encountering international road freight transport
Past, present and futures : policing in Central and Eastern Europe
Private security companies and private military companies : a comparative and economical analysis
Policing the narrow ground : lessons from the transformation of policing in Northern Ireland
