http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p19936 supervision of medicinal products
supervision of medicinal products
Revenue Models of Mobile Health Applications : Free-to-play applications
Suomen lääketilasto. 2011 / Finnish Medicines Agency Fimea and Social Insurance Institution
Work programme for the European Agency for the evaluation of medicinal products : 2000-2001
Yhteistoiminnalla tehoa eurooppalaiseen laadunvalvontaan = Med samarbete effektivare kvalitetskontroll i Europa = Collaboration boosts quality control in Europe
Drug classification ; Translation Mervi Moisander
Many thanks to you all - farewell until we meet again
The rules governing medicinal products in the European Union. Vol. 1, The rules governing medicinal products for human use in the European Union
Raman and near-infrared spectroscopic methods for in-line monitoring of freeze-drying process
Summary: The aims of drug control in veterinary medicine.
The rules governing medicinal products in the European Union. Volume 2B, Notice to applicants, Medicinal products for human use, Presentation and content of the dossier
Correct and safe use of natural products
Quality assurance of pharmaceuticals : a compendium of guidelines and related materials. Vol. 1.
Suomen lääketilasto 2007 = Finnish statistics on medicines 2007
The rules governing medicinal products in the European Union. Volume 2A, Notice to applicants : medicinal products for human use : procedures for marketing authorisation
Near infrared spectroscopy, a quality control tool for the different steps in the manufacture of herbal medicinal products
Evaluation of certain veterinary drug residues in food : seventy-fifth report of the Joint FAO/WHO Expert Committee on Food Additives
The rules governing medicinal products in the European Community. Volume 3, Guidelines on the quality, safety and efficacy of medicinal products for human use : addendum no 2
The rules governing medicinal products in the European Union. Volume 1, Pharmaceutical legislation : medicinal products for human use
WHO guidelines on safety monitoring of herbal medicines in pharmacovigilance systems
Summary: A certificate of suitability from the European Pharmacopoeia in part of marketing authorisation procedure.
The National Agency for Medicines is focusing particular attention on medicinal product regulation in the EU
World malaria report 2012.
Inspections by National Agency for Medicines - part of the EU's medicine control ; translation: Sari Jay
Suomen lääketilasto 2009 = Finnish statistics on medicines 2009.
Suomen lääketilasto 2011 = Finnish statistics on medicines 2011
Suomen lääketilasto = Finnish statistics on medicines. 2015
The rules governing medicinal products in the European Union. Volume 5, Pharmaceutical legislation : veterinary medicinal products
The rules governing medicinal products in the European Union. Volume 4, Good manufacturing practices : medicinal products for human and veterinary use
NLN Regulatory Seminar 1998 : safety of blood products - pharmaceutical and legal aspects : 2-4 February 1998, Soria Moria, Oslo, Norway
The rules governing medicinal products in the European Community. Vol. 6, Establishment by the European Community of maximum residue limits (MRLs) for residues of veterinary medicinal products in foodstuufs of animal orogin
Characterization of biotechnology pharmaceutical products : Washington D.C., USA, December 11-13, 1995 : proceedings of a symposium
Control of medicines in the European Union : the executive director of EMEA in Finland
The rules governing medicinal products in the European Union. Vol. 8, Establishment of maximum residue levels of veterinary medicinal products in foodstuffs of animal origin : summary reports of the Committee for Veterinary Medicinal Products in support of classification in accordance with Council Regulation (EEC) No 2377/90
Using information from incident reporting system as part of developing patient safety.
Theoretical social pharmacy : the drug sector from a social science perspective
The rules governing medicinal products in the European Community. Volume 4, Good manufacturing practice for medicinal products
Suomen lääketilasto = Finnish statistics on medicines. 2014
The rules governing medicinal products in the European Union. Volume 2B, Notice to applicants : medicinal products for human use : presentation and content of the dossier
Drug Inventory Control : Case: Thai International Hospital Mahasarakham
Clinical trials of medicines : opportunities and challenges in the Baltic region, June 15-16 1998, Vilnius, Lithuania
Marketing authorisations and decision making at the National Agency for Medicines in Finland
Workshop III : Drug advertisement and the general public
3rd European Workshop on Drug Information
The Nordic view
The rules governing medicinal products in the European Community. Vol. 5 A, Veterinary medicinal products in the European Community
Suomen lääketilasto. 2004 / Finnish statistics on medicines / National Agency for Medicines and Social Insurance Institution
Forty years of European regulation of pharmaceuticals
Tietoa tuotevirheistä = Information on product defects
The rules governing medicinal products in the European Community. Vol. 1, The rules governing medicinal products for human use in the European Community
Mission of the Finnish OMCL
Summary: Medication costs in Finland in 2005.
Stephen's detection of new adverse drug reactions
Pharmaceutical economics and policy
Havaintoja haittavaikutusrekisteristä vuodelta 2001 = Iakttagelser från biverkningsregistret år 2001 = Reports received by the ADR register in 2001.
Suomen lääketilasto 2010 = Finnish statistics on medicines 2010
The rules governing medicinal products in the European Community. Vol. 2, Notice to applicants for marketing authorizations for medicinal products for human use in the Member States of the European Community
Suomen lääketilasto. 2008 = Finnish statistics on medicines
Compares and contrasts these types of biologics with one another and with small molecule drugs, while incorporating the essential international regulatory documents. This book provides coverage of the process of nonclinical safety assessment and comprehensive reviews of each type of biopharmaceutical.
EU regulations: price controls on reimbursed medicines : the effect on international pharmaceutical business in Finland
Suomen lääketilasto. 2010 / Finnish Medicines Agency Fimea and Social Insurance Institution
Quality assurance of pharmaceuticals : a compendium of guidelines and related materials. Vol. 2, Good manufacturing practices and inspection
The rules governing medicinal products in the European Union. Volume 7A, Guidelines : veterinary medicinal products : general, efficacy, environmental risk assessment
Suomen lääketilasto. 2008 / Finnish statistics on medicines / National Agency for Medicines and Social Insurance Institution
The rules governing medicinal products in the European Community. Vol. 7, Guidelines for the testing of veterinary medicinal products, September 1994
The rules governing medicinal products in the European Community. Volume 5 A, The rules governing veterinary medicinal products in the European Community
Directory
Suomen lääketilasto. 2005 / Finnish statistics on medicines / National Agency for Medicines and Social Insurance Institution
WHO Expert Committee on Specifications for Pharmaceutical Preparations : forty-fourth report
NLN Baltic Conference 1996 : 17-18 June 1996, Estonian National Library, Tallinn, Estonia
Suomen lääketilasto = Finnish statistics on medicines. 2012
Suomen lääketilasto. 2007 = Finnish statistics on medicines
The rules governing medicinal products in the European Union. Volume 6B, Notice to applicants : veterinary medicinal products, Precentation and content of the dossier
Suomen lääketilasto = Finnish statistics on medicines 2012.
Safe pharmacotherapy : national guide for pharmacotherapy in social and health care : an abbreviated version
The rules governing medicinal products in the European Union. Volume 6A, Notice to applicants : Veterinary medicinal products, Procedures for marketing authorisation
Summary: Marketing authorisation procedures in the EU and national influence: editorial.
Radiopharmaceuticals : drug applications : Nordic guidelines
Results from the Swedish National Screening Programme 2006.. Subreport 4, Pharmaceuticals
The rules governing medicinal products in the European Community. Vol. 5, Veterinary medicinal products
Buprenorphine : features of abuse and methods for improving unobserved dosing in opioid substitution treatment
How to develop and implement a national drug policy
Fimea - the Finnish Medicines Agency - starts its work
Reform of pharmaceutical services in Estonia
WHO Expert Committee on Specifications for Pharmaceutical Preparations : forty-second report
Suomen lääketilasto. 2009 / Finnish Medicines Agency Fimea and Social Insurance Institution
Role of the European pharmacist in the primary health care
Biological products and medicinal products for paediatric use
The rules governing medicinal products in the European Union. Vol. 3, Addendum 3, Guidelines on the quality, safety and efficacy of medicinal products for human use
Traditional herbal medicinal products : changed monitoring within the EU
Operations steered by strategy
Adverse drug reactions reported to the Finnish ADR Register in 2002.
Strategic corporate responsibility orientation for sustainable global health governance : pharmaceutical value co-protection in transitioning economies
The role of the pharmaceutical sector in malaria control in Ghana
National Agency for Medicines' 10th anniversary
Summary: Escalation of medicine cost must be curbed in the long term: editorial.
An increase in subliminal drug advertising is a concern for the authorities : TV soaps and social media are attracting drugs contributors
Summary: Is pharmacovigilance faltering or reaching its goal?: editorial.
Drugs and narcotics in history
Classification issues
Pharmaceuticals in the European Union
Nonclinical development of novel biologics, biosimilars, vaccines and specialty biologics
The rules governing medicaments in the European Community
Internationalization process and Finland's legal and regulatory environment for medical devices : case: Access MediChina Co
Controlled drug delivery : fundamentals and applications
The rules governing medicinal products in the European Community. Volume 3, Guidelines on the quality, safety and efficacy of medicinal products for human use
NLN Regulatory Seminars 1995 : quality assessment of natural remedies : 22-23 August 1995, Badhotellet, Nådendal/Naantali, Finland
The rules governing medicinal products in the European Community. Volume 5 B, Notice to applicants for marketing authorization for veterinary medicinal products in the European Community
Emergency response planning : for corporate and municipal managers
Summary: National Agency for Medicines and publicity.
Suomen lääketilasto. 2006 / Finnish statistics on medicines / National Agency for Medicines and Social Insurance Institution
WHO Expert Committee on Specifications for Pharmaceutical Preparations : forty-fifth report
Drug discovery and evaluation : safety and pharmacokinetic assays
Psychoactive drugs and health problems : report of a meeting by the World Health Organization with the collaboration of the Government of Finland, the Government of Thailand and the United Nations Fund for Drug Abuse Control
The development of biological medicinal products : innovations and regulation
Regulating pharmaceuticals in Europe : striving for efficiency, equity and quality
This Bachelor's thesis discusses the price controls on medicines that are reimbursed by the Social Insurance Institution of Finland. The main purpose of the study is to investigate the European Commission's competition rules on pharmaceuticals, the implementation of price controls in Finland and their impact on international pharmaceutical business in Finland. The topic was chosen due to the interest of the author to understand more deeply the price controls on reimbursement medicines and their effect on the pharmaceutical business. The theoretical section discusses European regulations, pharmaceutical business in general, the reimbursement system and price control of medicinal products in Finland. The empirical part deals with the research itself. The study was based on both quantitative and qualitative methods. Firstly, an internet-mediated questionnaire was sent to pharmaceutical companies producing prescription medicines. The sample size consisted of 57 companies representing initial and generics producers but also parallel trade. Five questionnaires were returned, which resulted in a response rate of 9 percent. The results were analysed by Microsoft Excel. Secondly, secondary data was used to support the findings of primary data. It was collected mainly from the data sources of Pharma Industry Finland.The study shows that the impact of price controls have been both negative and positive depending on the business type of the pharmaceutical companies. Nevertheless, all parties, including the Pharmaceutical Pricing Board itself, want changes to the present price control system.The author recommends that whatever the changes will be, they should assure that Finland will not only be among the first countries to have new innovative medicines for patients to receive the best treatments, but also a place for international pharmaceutical companies to do profitable business.
Near Infrared spectroscopy, a quality control tool for the different steps in the manufacture of herbal medicinal products
Suomen lääketilasto. 2007 / Finnish statistics on medicines / National Agency for Medicines and Social Insurance Institution
Handbook of pharmaceutical public policy
Thank you for your feedback - TABU will be further developed
A drug or a foodstuff?
Fortieth report of the WHO Expert Committee on Specifications for Pharmaceutical Preparations : Geneva, 24-28 October 2005.
The rules governing medicinal products in the European Union. Volume 7B, Guidelines : veterinary medicinal products : immunologicals, quality
Thirty years of adverse drug reaction monitoring in Finland
The rules governing medicinal products in the European Community. Vol. 4, Guide to good manufacturing practice for medicinal products
