http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p19946 systematics
systematics
Viola parnonia (Violaceae), a new species from southern Greece
The new cactus lexicon
Rails : a guide to the rails, crakes, gallinules and coots of the world
Sunbirds : a guide to the sunbirds, flowerpeckers. spiderhunters, and sugarbirds of the world
The Northwest European pollen flora. 3, Parts 21-28
Abstract.
Allozyne diversity and phylogenetic relationships among diploid annual bromes (Bromus, Poaceae)
A new series of notes on distribution, taxonomy, morphology and nomenclature of some vascular plants in Kyrgyzstan is presented. Carex subphysodes Popov ex V.Krecz., Astragalus sogdianus Bunge, Oxytropis ferganensis Vass. and Iris maracandica (Vved.) Wendelbo (all native), and also Delphinium orientalis J.Gay (alien) are reported as new to Kyrgyzstan. Sedum tetramerum Trautv. is new to Northern Tian-Shan, and Scirpoides holoschoenus (L.) Soják is new to Chatkal Range and Western Tian-Shan within Kyrgyzstan. The distribution area of Torilis arvensis (Huds.) Link is revised and expanded, and the distribution of Eremurus zoae Vved. (endemic to Kyrgyzstan) is verified and mapped. New names and combinations, Betonica sect. Foliosae (Krestovsk. & Lazkov) Lazkov, Eriophyton anomalum (Juz.) Lazkov & Sennikov, Kudrjaschevia sect. Jacubianae Lazkov, Lagochilus sect. Chlainanthus (Briq.) Lazkov, Leonurus sect. Panzerioidei (Krestovsk.) Lazkov, Phlomoides sect. Pseuderemostachys (Popov) Lazkov, and Scutellaria sect. Ramosissimae Lazkov, are provided as a result of the forthcoming monographic revision of Lamiaceae. Two hybrids are described in Eremurus, E. fuscus × E. cristatus = E. ×nikitinae Lazkov and E. cristatus × E. zoae = ×E. gypsaceus Lazkov. Places of valid publication and the authorship of Iris svetlanae (Vved.) T.Hall & Seisums and Erianthera anomala Juz. are corrected. Iris svetlanae is synonymized with I. maracandica. A new colour form (with pinkish flowers) of Betonica betoniciflora (Rupr. ex O.Fedtsch. & B.Fedtsch.) Sennikov is described. English-language designations are provided for the map of biogeographic provinces of Kyrgyzstan.
Christian Steven made several excursions to the Caucasus, Crimea and the southern provinces of Russia. He visited occasionally also Lower Volga area and did botanical collections, jointly with Marschall von Bieberstein in 1800. In this article, we present Stevens activity here. He collected plant specimens in Lower Volga area in 1800, 1806, 1811 and 1816. Based on specimens collected here, and in some cases additionally also elsewhere, Steven described Adonis volgensis (1817), Ceratocephala incurva (1848), C. leiocarpa (1848), C. reflexa (1848) and Centaurea gerberi (Steven 1856). Further, Allium sabulosum (Steven ex Bunge 1838) and Delphinium cuneatum (Steven ex DC. 1818) were described based on material Steven collected in this region.
The Northwest European pollen flora : publ. under the auspices of the Royal Botanical Society of the Netherlands. 1, Parts 1-7
Series of revisions of Apocynaceae XLIV : Craspidospermum Boj. ex A. DC., Gonioma E. Mey., Mascarenhasia A. DC., Petchia Livera, Plectaneia Thou., and Stephanostegia Baill
Biology, phylogeny, and classification of Coleoptera : papers celebrating the 80th birthday of Roy A. Crowson
Ellagitannins in Finnish plant species : characterization, distribution and oxidative activity
Foliicolous lichens of India
Ammotragus lervia : a review on systematics, biology, ecology and distribution
Taxonomy and phylogeny of the 'manna lichens' and allied species (Megasporaceae)
The families and genera of vascular plants. 8, Flowering plants. Eudicots : Asterales
Two new species of the genus Sarcoglottis (Orchidaceae) from Brazil
Shrikes & bush-shrikes : including wood-shrikes, helmet-shrikes, flycatcher-shrikes, philentomas, batises and wattle-eyes
Taxonomic position of Leptocladium and new synonymy in Chinese Amblystegiaceae (Bryopsida)
Revision of the subgenera Stenaxis and Oedemera s. str. of the genus Oedemera (Coleoptera: Oedemeridae)
Compendium of bivalves. 1
Patterns of growth in coccoid, aggregate forming cyanobacteria
The sawflies of Namibia and Western South Africa (Symphyta, Hymenoptera)
Foundations of systematics and biogeography
Systematics and the fossil record : documenting evolutionary patterns
Unravelling the algae : the past, present, and future of algal systematics
Freshwater leeches of Britain and Ireland : keys to the Hirudinea and a review of their ecology
The classification and phylogeny of the Psocoptera
A revision of the Australasian ground spiders of the families Ammoxenidae, Cithaeronidae, Gallieniellidae, and Trochanteriidae (Araneae: Gnaphosoidea)
The mammals of the Palaearctic region : a taxonomic review
A revision of the Vespidae of the Belgian Congo based on the collection of the American Museum Congo Expedition, with a list of Ethiopian diplotherous wasps
Phylogenetic systematics
A classification of the eucalypts
The birds of the palearctic fauna : non-passeriformes
Taxonomic revision of Afrotropical Laccophilus Leach, 1815 (Coleoptera, Dytiscidae)
A revision of Prioria, including Gossweilerodendron, Kingiodendron, Oxystigma and Pterygopodium (Leguminosae - Caesalpiniodeae - Detarieae) with emphasis on Africa
Apomixis : evolution, mechanisms and perspectives
Taxonomic corrections and new records in vascular plants of Kyrgyzstan
Diptera Stelviana : a dipterological perspective on a changing alpine landscape. vol. 1. Results from a survey of the biodiversity of Diptera (Insecta) in the Stilfserjoch National Park (Italy)
The families and genera of vascular plants. 9, Flowering plants. Eudicots : Berberidopsidales, Buxales, Crossosomatales, Fabales p.p., Geraniales, Gunnerales, Myrtales p.p., Proteales, Saxifragales, Vitales, Zygophyllales, Clusiaceae Alliance, Passifloraceae Alliance, Dilleniaceae, Huaceae, Picramniaceae, Sabiaceae
Catalogue of marine larvae : phylum Annelida: class Polychaeta. [1], Fam. Aphroditidae - sub-fam. Polynoinae : Harmothoe impar Johnston 1840
Hypopterygiaceae of the world
Taxonomic corrections and new records in vascular plants of Kyrgyzstan, 4.
Catalogue of marine larvae : phylum Annelida: class Polychaeta. [2], Fam. Ariciidae : Scoloplos armiger O. F. Müller 1776
Catalogue of marine larvae : phylum Annelida: class Polychaeta. [5], Fam. Capitellidae : Heteromastus filiformis (Claparède) 1864
Revision of Hemandradenia Stapf (Connaraceae)
Tillandsia : the world s most unusual air plants. 2
Evolutionary history and taxonomy of neotropical marattioid ferns : studies of an ancient lineage of plants
Polypore Skeletocutis lenis and its sib S. vulgaris
The classification of animals : an introduction to zoological taxonomy
Microlepidoptera of Europe. 3, Gelechiidae I (Gelechiinae: Teleiodini, Gelechiini)
First International Symposium on Taxonomy of Cultivated Plants : Wageningen, Netherlands, 12-16 August 1985
The Northwest European pollen flora. 5, parts 38-43
Plant family album : an interactive botanical review. 1, The Rosidae
Studies in the Calenduleae. 1, Monograph of the genera Dimorphotheca, Castalis, Osteospermum, Gibbaria and Chrysanthemoides
Systematics of Lindenbergia and Campylanthus (Scrophulariaceae)
Fungus flora of tropical Africa : Monograph of Marasmius, Gloiocephala, Palaeocephala and Setulipes in tropical Africa. volume 1
Revised taxonomy of the family Rhizobiaceae, and phylogeny of mesorhizobia nodulating Glycyrrhiza spp
Journal of economic and taxonomic botany
Taxonomy and species richness of Amazonian Pimplinae and Rhyssinae (Hymenoptera: Ichneumonidae)
Agrilus of East Asia : (Coleoptera, Buprestidae)
The Golden Oriole
Taxonomy and ecology of microalgae in marine and brackish water environment : proceedings of a Nordic symposium sponsored by the Nordic Council for Marine Biology, August 24-31, 1978, Tvärminne Zoological Station, Finland
Study guide to selected families of plants : illustrated with 384 color photographs in a microfiche format
Contemporary plant systematics
This book (28 chapters), which is the 17th volume in the Crop Production Science in Horticulture Series (18 volumes that focus on scientific principles underlying production practices for economically important horticultural crops from major production systems in temperate, subtropical and tropical climatic areas), summarizes the available information regarding the origin, taxonomy, breeding, physiology, agronomy, pathology (pests and diseases) and processing of cassava, sweet potato, yams and aroids (mainly Alocasia macrorrhiza, Amorphophallus campanulatus, Colocasia esculenta, Cyrtosperma merkusii and Xanthosoma sagittifolium). This book is for researchers, farmers, students and all stakeholders in developing countries, and for those who are working in international institutions.
Systema naturae 250 : the Linnaean ark
The Crustacea. Vol. 2
Clades in the "higher land bird assemblage"
The Rondeletieae-Condamineeae-Sipaneeae complex (Rubiaceae)
Catalogue of marine larvae : phylum Annelida: class Polychaeta. [6], Fam. Nephthyidae : Nephthys ciliata O. F. Müller 1789
Coelomycetes 6 : nomenclature of generic names proposed for coelomycetes
Wood-inhabiting basidiomycetes in the Caucasus region : Systematics and biogeography
A series of notes on distribution, taxonomy, morphology and nomenclature of some vascular plants in Kyrgyzstan is presented. The presence of Scutellaria popovii Vved. in Talas Range is confirmed and documented with herbarium specimens, and this species is mapped. The known distributions of Galinsoga parviflora Cav. and Reseda lutea L., established invasive aliens, are documented with many new records and mapped. Eminium alberti (Regel) Engl. ex B. Fedtsch., Iris inconspicua (Vved.) T. Hall & Seisums, I. khassanovii Tojibaev et Turginov and Lagopsis flava Kar. et Kir. are reported as new to Kyrgyzstan. Astragalus testiculatus Pall., Corydalis glaucescens Regel, Morina parviflora Kar. et Kir., Pedicularis karatavica Pavlov, Tulipa turkestanica (Regel) Regel are reported as new to Talas Range, and Iris narbutii O. Fedtsch. as new to Alay Range. The distributions of Iris linifolia (Regel) O. Fedtsch. and I. narynensis O. Fedtsch. in Kyrgyzstan are verified and mapped. Iris zenaidae (Vved.) F.O. Khass. & Rakhimova is reduced to the synonymy of I. graeberiana Sealy; this species is reported as new to many territories of Western Tian-Shan. A new combination, Iris rodionenkoi (Lazkov & Naumenko) Lazkov & Sennikov is provided for Juno rodionenkoi Lazkov & Naumenko. The species known as Cephalorrhynchus polycladus (Boiss.) Kirp. is transferred to Lactuca as L. piestocarpa (Boiss.) Sennikov, comb. nov. with a new section, L. sect. Zollikoferiastrum (Kirp.) Sennikov, comb. nov.; this species is new to Kyrgyzstan.
Three new species of Taraxacum from northern Italy
"Alfred C. Kinsey's revolutionary studies of human sexual behavior are world-renowned. His meticulous methods of data collection, from comprehensive entomological assemblies to personal sex history interviews, raised the bar for empirical evidence to an entirely new level. In The Classification of Sex, Donna J. Drucker presents an original analysis of Kinsey's scientific career in order to uncover the roots of his research methods. She describes how his enduring interest as an entomologist and biologist in the compilation and organization of mass data sets structured each of his classification projects. As Drucker shows, Kinsey's lifelong mission was to find scientific truth in numbers and through observation-and to record without prejudice in the spirit of a true taxonomist. Kinsey's doctoral work included extensive research of the gall wasp, where he gathered and recorded variations in over six million specimens. His classification and reclassification of Cynips led to the speciation of the genus that remains today. During his graduate training, Kinsey developed a strong interest in evolution and the links between entomological and human behavior studies. In 1920, he joined Indiana University as a professor in zoology, and soon published an introductory text on biology, followed by a coauthored field guide to edible wild plants. In 1938, Kinsey began teaching a noncredit course on marriage, where he openly discussed sexual behavior and espoused equal opportunity for orgasmic satisfaction in marital relationships. Soon after, he began gathering case histories of sexual behavior. As a pioneer in the nascent field of sexology, Kinsey saw that the key to its cogency was grounded in observation combined with the collection and classification of mass data. To support the institutionalization of his work, he cofounded the Institute for Sex Research at Indiana University in 1947. He and his staff eventually conducted over eighteen thousand personal interviews about sexual behavior, and in 1948 he published Sexual Behavior in the Human Male, to be followed in 1953 by Sexual Behavior in the Human Female. As Drucker's study shows, Kinsey's scientific rigor and his early use of data recording methods and observational studies were unparalleled in his field. Those practices shaped his entire career and produced a wellspring of new information, whether he was studying gall wasp wings, writing biology textbooks, tracing patterns of evolution, or developing a universal theory of human sexuality"--
The Rhododendron species. Vol. 2, Elepidote species, series Arboreum - Lacteum
The Rhododendron species. Vol. 1, Lepidotes
Nucleic acid techniques in bacterial systematics
Hepatics from northwestern Sichuan,China, with a checklist of Sichuan hepatics
Basics of cladistic analysis
Evolution and classification : the reformation of cladism
Parasa Moore auct. : phylogenetic review of the complex from the Palaearctic and Indomalayan regions (Lepidoptera, Limacodidae)
A world classification of the Harmacloninae, a new subfamily of Tineidae (Lepidoptera: Tineoidea)
Classification of Lepidoptera. Part 1, Introduction
Journal of the New York Entomological Society
The Deuteromycetes : Mitosporic fungi, classification and generic keys
Specimen of a Lichenographia Britannica
Animal diversity
Cerambycoid larvae of Europe and Soviet union (Coleoptera, Cerambycoidea). Part 1
The Anthomyiidae of California : exclusive of the subfamily Scatophaginae (Diptera)
Evolutionary History and Taxonomy of Neotropical Marattioid Ferns: Studies of an Ancient Lineage of Plants
The Northwest European pollen flora. 7, Parts 52-56
Sagittaria x lunata, a binomial for the widespread North European hybrid between S. natans and S. sagittifolia (Alismataceae)
Bryophytes from Frieda River, East and West Sepik Provinces, Papua New Guinea. IV. Chiloscyphus koponenii sp. nov. (Geocalycaceae)
Tropical root and tuber crops : cassava, sweet potato, yams and aroids
Christian Steven (1781-1863) at the Lower Volga
Handbook of the taxonomic names associated with the non-marine Rhodophycophyta
Galium schultesii new to Finland
A monographic revision and synopsis of the Trichoptera of the European fauna
Long-term changes in macroalgal vegetation on the Swedish coast : an evaluation of eutrophication effects with special emphasis on increased organic sedimentation
Corridor talk to culture history : public anthropology and its consequences
Index filicum : supplementum septimum pro annis 1991-1995
The secret life of birds : who they are and what they do
Phylogenetic analysis of ITS and group I intron sequences from European and North American samples of cetrarioid lichens
A revision of the Paronychiinae
A relimitation and revision of the Australasian ground spider family Lamponidae (Araneae: Gnaphosoidea)
Catalogue of marine larvae : phylum Annelida: class Polychaeta. [8], Fam. Phyllodocidae : Eteone longa (Fabr.) 1780
Index nominum genericorum (plantarum). 2, Eprolithus - Peersia
Typification of Eremostachys labiosa (Phlomoides labiosa, Lamiaceae) and its synonyms
The Hypocrea schweinitzii complex and Trichoderma sect. Longibrachtiatum
Notes on the taxonomy and distribution of Cololejeunea platyneura (Hepaticae, Lejeuneaceae)
The new taxonomy
Five kingdoms : an illustrated guide to the phyla life on earth
Catalogue of marine larvae : phylum Annelida: class Polychaeta. [10], Fam. Phyllodocidae : Phyllodoce groenlandica Örsted 1843
Plant taxonomy : the systematic evaluation of comparative data
Revision of the genus Solorina (Lichenes) in Europe based on spore size variation
Compendium of bivalves. 2, A full-color guide to the remaining seven families
Catalogue of marine larvae : phylum Annelida: class Polychaeta. [4], Fam. Aphroditidae - sub-fam. Polynoinae : Harmothoe sarsi Kinberg 1862
Zoological results of a tour in the Far East. Part 7, The viviparous water-snail of Lake Biwa, Japan
Molecular systematics of plants II: DNA sequencing
Systematics and biogeography of Aralia L. (Araliaceae) : revision of Aralia Sects. Aralia, Humiles, Nanae, and Sciadodendron
Microbiology : fundamentals and applications
The classification of sex : Alfred Kinsey and the organization of knowledge
An updated classification of the Recent Crustacea
Genital variation in moths : evolutionary and systematic perspectives
Type studies on Pycnolejeunea (Lejeuneaceae, Hepaticae). 5, On the identity of Pycnolejeunea spinistipula Mizut. and Lepidolejeunea queenslandica Thiers
A revision of Leucomphalos including Baphiastrum and Bowringia (Leguminosae - Papilionoideae)
Systematic revision of american Helicopsyche of the subgenus Feropsyche (Trichoptera: Helicopsychidae)
Pipits and wagtails of Europe, Asia and North America : identification and systematics
A nomenclatural correction to Flora Iranica: Cyperaceae
Hummingbirds of North America : the photographic guide
Graminicolous ascochyta species
Taxonomy of six explanatory reorganization interruption patterns : empirical evidence from the Finnish firms June 2008 - May 2009
Taxonomy of educational objectives : the classification of educational goals. Handbook 1, Cognitive domain
The Northwest European pollen flora : publ. under the auspices of the Royal botanical society of the Netherlands. 4, Parts 29-37
A taxonomic revision of Dicranodontium (Musci)
A series of notes on distribution, taxonomy and nomenclature of some vascular plants in Kyrgyzstan is presented. Two new hybrids (Delphinium × pskemense Sennikov & Lazkov, Perovskia × intermedia Lazkov) are described. The variety Rhinactinidia limoniifolia var. brachyglossa Lazkov & Sennikov and forma Rubus praecox Bertol. f. rutiliflorus H.E.Weber & Sennikov are described for unusual morphotypes of these species. Five transfers from Pyrethrum to Richteria (R. brachanthemoides (Kamelin & Lazkov) Sennikov, R. neglecta (Tzvelev) Sennikov, R. sovetkinae (Kovalevsk.) Sennikov, R. sussamyrensis (Lazkov) Sennikov, R. sect. Trichanthemopsis (Tzvelev) Sennikov) are proposed in conformity with the phylogeny of Anthemideae....
A study of some Chinese Plagiochila species (Plagiochilaceae, Hepaticae)
A manual of british butterflies and moths
Phylogenetic and taxonomic studies in Macaranga, Mallotus and other acalyphoid genera (Euphorbiaceae s.s.)
Fungus flora of tropical Africa : Monograph of Crinipellis and Chaetocalathus in Tropical Africa. volume 3
Muscologia Britannica : containing the mosses of Great Britain and Ireland systematically arranged and described
Families and subfamilies of Coleoptera (with selected genera, notes, references and data on family-group names
Terns of Europe and North America
Six new species of Taraxacum from France
Genus : International journal of invertebrate taxonomy
The genera of fishes and a classification of fishes
Taxonomy and phylogeny of white-rot polypores : case studies in Hymenochaetales and Polyporales (Basidiomycota)
Marine rotifera from Ikka Fjord, SW Greenland : with the description of a new species from the rare mineral ikaite
Cladistics : the theory and practice of parsimony analysis
The compleat cladist : a primer of phylogenetic procedures
Harald Lindberg was one of the most eminent botanist in Finland during the 1900's. He studied a wide range of taxa, including subfossils and bryophytes. He investigated subfossils on peatlands in 60 municipalities, many of them now belonging to Russia. Lindberg described 11 new bryophyte taxa, and discovered 12 new species to Finland (including areas of former Finnish territory of today's Russia). For East Fennoscandia he described 8 new vascular plant species to science, discovered 42 new species and 26 hybrids to country. Apomictic species interested him also, and he described 4 new Alchemilla species, 34 Hieraciumtaxa and 80 Taraxacum species or subspecies. Later he became expertise also on Mediterranean species, and described 50 new species and 22 subspecies, especially from Morocco and Spain. Plantae Finlandiae Exsiccatae was an extensive effort. 2,081 numbers were distributed to 23 museum. .
First International Symposium Taxonomy of Cultivated Plants : [August 12-16, 1985, Wageningen, The Netherlands] : [book of abstracts]
Proceedings of the Japanese Society of Systematic Zoology
Straminipilous fungi : systematics of the peronosporomycetes including accounts of the marine straminipilous protists, the plasmodiophorids and similar organisms
"Drucker develops a synthetic argument about how Kinsey's scholarship and training as an entomologist and evolutionary scientist affected his teaching, research, writing, and analysis of human behavior. Places Kinsey at the center of trends in American intellectual and scientific life in the mid-twentieth century. Drucker uses the whole of Kinsey's intellectual life to address questions of data collection and scientific objectivity, and whether it is possible to have research approaches and frameworks for studying human sexuality that could satisfy ever-shifting delineations and measurements of objectivity"--
Catalogue of marine larvae : phylum Annelida: class Polychaeta. [9], Fam. Hesionidae : Castalia punctata (O. F. Müller) 1788
Black truffles of Sweden : systematics, population studies, ecology and cultivation of Tuber aestivum syn. T. uncinatum
Developments in woodpecker biology
Nomenclator zoologicus
Sylvia warblers
The Skylark
A new species of Alchemilla (Rosaceae) from Turkey
Index nominum genericorum (plantarum). 3, Pegaeophyton - Zyzygium
Mycology guide : key terms and concepts
Stonechats : a guide to the genus Saxicola
Index to plant chromosome numbers : bryophyta
Cuscuta rausii (Convolvulaceae), a new species from Greece
Fifth meeting of the Nordic Phylogenetic Systematics Network : 31 August - 3 Sep 2000
The Northwest European pollen flora. 2, Parts 8-20
National Geographic : complete birds of the world
Catalogue of marine larvae : phylum Annelida: class Polychaeta. [3], Fam. Aphroditidae - sub-fam. Polynoinae : Harmothoe imbricata (L.) 1767.
Polypores of the Białowieża forest
Checklist of Finnish Lepidoptera = Suomen perhosten luettelo
Molecular data show that Bryoria fremontii and B. tortuosa (Parmeliaceae) are conspecific
Centaurea kunkelii (Asteraceae, Cardueae), a new hybridogenic endecaploid species of sect. Acrocentron from Spain
SEM studies of the Myxomycetes from the Peninsula of Baja California (Mexico), I. Arcyria to Fuligo
Catalogue of marine larvae : phylum Annelida: class Polychaeta. [7], Fam. Nereidae : Nereis succinea (Leuckart) 1847
Changbai wood-rotting fungi 9 : three new species and other species in Rigidoporus, Skeletocutis and Wolfiporia (Basidiomycota, Aphyllopholares)
Two new Plagiochila species (Plagiochilaceae, Hepaticae) from Yunnan, China
Harald Lindberg - a Finnish botanist
Schistidium halinae (Grimmiaceae, Bryopsida), a new moss species from the Antarctic
Systematics and biology of Lapeirousia, Codonorhiza, Psilosiphon and Schizorhiza in southern Africa
The Crustacea. Vol. 1
Pigeons and doves : a guide to the pigeons and doves of the world
Taxonomy, ecology and distribution of Hygrocybe (Fr.) P. Kumm. and Camarophyllopsis Herink (Fungi, Basidiomycota, Hygrocybeae) in Greenland
Spiders of New Zealand : annotated family key and species list
A new species of Cephalaria (Dipsacaceae) from South Anatolia, Turkey
The encyclopedia of birds
The Muscidae (Diptera) of Central Europe
The phylogenetic system of Ephemeroptera
Developmental biology of fern gametophytes
Taxonomic corrections and new records in vascular plants of Kyrgyzstan, 3.
The Northwest European pollen flora. Vol. 8, P. 57-68
Natural hybridisation and phylogenetic position of Saxifraga trabutiana (Saxifragaceae) inferred from ISSR markers and ITS sequences
