http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p19995 Silk Road
Silk Road
A bride's story. 5
In 1271, 17-year-old Marco Polo started on a journey to China with his father and older brother. After a long and grueling journey that led through Jerusalem and Mesopotamia and over the "Silk Road", they reached the court of Kublai Khan in 1275. In The Voyages of Marco Polo, players recreate this journey, with each player having a different character and special power in the game
The story of silk
Empires of the Silk Road : a history of Central Eurasia from the Bronze Age to the present
Highlights in the history of exploration and trade in China
The Silk roads : a route and planning guide
Dunhuang dream : a novel
Epics along the Silk Roads
Silk roads and China ships
Picturing Cathay : maritime and cultural images of the China trade
The Silk Road
The silk roads : a new history of the world
Silk road coins : the Hirayama collection
The Silk Road in world history
Exploring Central Asia : collecting objects and writing cultures from the steppes to the high Pamirs 1896-1899
The voyages of Marco Polo
Realms of the Silk Roads : ancient and modern : proceedings from the Third Conference of the Australasian Society for Inner Asian Studies (A.S.I.A.S.) : Macquarie University, September 18-20, 1998
A bride's story. 3
Treasures of the Great Silk Road
Buddhism and Islam on the Silk Road
A bride's story. 1
The silk road
The travels
Reconfiguring The Silk Road : new research on East-West exchange in antiquity
Story of the Silk Road
Kodai Horazumu no kenkyū : Amudariya karyūbu o chūshin to shite = Research on ancient Khorazm : research on ancient Khorazm centering on the downstream part of the Amdarya
Insights into Chinese culture
Traditional China in Asian and world history
The silk road = La ruta de la seda
A bride's story. 4
The Silk Road : a new history
Silkkitiellä = Vid sidenvägen = On the silk road
Changji, border state of wonders on the Silk Road
Silk route by rail
The mummies of Ürümchi
Palmyra and the Silk Road : International Colloquium : Palmyra, 7-11 April, 1992 = Tadmur wa ṭarīq al-ḥarīr : al-nadwat al-duwalīya
The Silk Road and beyond : travel, trade, and transformation
Monks and merchants : Silk Road treasures from Northwest China, Gansu and Ningxia, 4th-7th century
Soaring over the Silk Road, Alexander the Great : his dreams and real image, Eastward shift of Hellenic culture
Foreign devils on the Silk Road : the search for the lost cities and treasures of Chinese Central Asia
Proceedings of the 1st International Symposium on Fruit Culture and its Traditional Knowledge along Silk Road Countries : Tbilisi, Georgia ; Yerevan, Armenia, Novenber 4-8, 2013
Glimpses of the past : cultural rhythms, India and Central Asia
Footprints of foreign explorers on the Silk Road
The Silk Road : trade, travel, war and faith
The Silk Road between China and Iran is by far the most famous ancient trade route, but the history of successive states that fought to control the wealth flowing between East and West remains comparatively obscure. Christopher Beckwith has compiled a history of Central Eurasia from ancient times.
Agricultural and pastoral societies in ancient and classical history
The Silk Road : a very short introduction
The human perspective : readings in world civilization. Vol. 1, The ancient world to the early modern era
Premodern trade in world history
A golden souvenir of the Silk Road
The Silk Road : two thousand years in the heart of Asia
A carpet ride to Khiva : seven years on the silk road
We're riding on a caravan : An Adventure on the Silk Road
The land of silk
Shadow of the Silk Road
China's southwestern silk road
De Dunhuang a Istanbul : hommage à James Russell Hamilton
The origins of hospitality and tourism
The Silk Roads and sports
Peace : The Roots of the cultural tradition and values of the Chinese people
Uzbekistan : heirs to the Silk Road
Expedition Silk Road : journey to the West : treasures from the Hermitage
Epics along the silk roads
The Silk road
The silk road : from Xi'an to Kashgar
On the trail of Marco Polo : along the Silk Road by bicycle
A bride's story. 2
Gansu : grottoes on the ancient Silk Road
Nomads, traders and holy men along China's silk road : papers presented at a symposium held at the Asia Society in New York, November 9-10, 2001
The silk road saga
Aurel Stein on the Silk Road
Cave temples of Mogao : art and history on the silk road
The silk road : trade, travel, war and faith
Islamic frontiers of China : peoples of the Silk Road
The Silk Road : China and the Karakorum Highway : a travel companion
The silk roads : a route and planning guide
Voyages of Marco Polo
The journey of maps and images on the Silk Road
Traces of the Central Asian culture in the North : Finnish-Soviet joint scientific symposium held in Hanasaari, Espoo 14-21 January 1985
Beyond The Celestial Kingdom : The Silk Road China
Mapping the Silk Road and beyond : 2,000 years of exploring the East
The history of Central Asia. Volume 2, The age of the silk roads
The silk roads : highways of culture and commerce
Return to the silk routes : current Scandinavian research on Central Asia
Silk, scents & spice : tracing the world's great trade routes : the silk, the spice route, the incense trail
The Lotus Sutra and its world : Buddhist manuscripts of the great Silk Road : manuscripts and block prints from the collection of the St. Petersburg Branch ot the Institute of Oriental Studies = "Hokekyō to Shirukurōdo" ten : Tōyōkenkyūjo (Sankuto Peteruburuku) shozō no bukkyōbunken isan
Silk road : monks, warriors & merchants on the Silk Road
History of civilizations of Central Asia. Volume 3, The crossroads of civilizations : A. D. 250 to 750
Flora of the Silk Road : an illustrated guide
Chinese silk : a cultural history
WTO in Asia and the Pacific
The silk road : two thousand years in the heart of Asia
Significance of silk roads in the history of human civilizations
The silk road : a history
The Silk Road, past and present
Aspects of the maritime Silk Road : from the Persian Gulf to the East China Sea
Turfan revisited : the first century of research into the arts and cultures of the Silk Road
History of civilizations of Central Asia. Volume 2, The development of sedentary and nomadic civilizations : 700 B.C. to A.D. 250
