http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20050 Apostolic Fathers
Apostolic Fathers
The Apostolic Fathers : a new translation and commentary. 3, Barnabas and the Didache
2 Clement : introduction, text, and commentary
The oldest church manual
The apostolic fathers : Greek texts and English translations
Trajectories through the New Testament and the Apostolic Fathers
The orthodox Christian church through the ages : the advanced Sunday school series for teen-agers
In Community Building in the Shepherd of Hermas, Mark Grundeken investigates key aspects of Christian community life as reflected upon in the early Christian writing the Shepherd of Hermas (2nd century C.E.). Grundeken's thematic study deals with various topics: the community's identity, including its (alleged) 'Jewish Christianness', (lack of) resurrection belief, sectarian tendencies and its relation to the authorities and to the emperor cult; social features, encompassing gender roles and charity; and rituals such as baptism, metanoia, Eucharistic meals, the Sunday collection, dancing (and singing), the 'holy kiss' and reading of Scripture. The many fruitful entries prove Hermas to be one of the main texts for studying the development of community building in the early church.
The Apostolic Fathers : Greek texts and English translations
The Graeco-Roman context of early Christian literature
The fathers of the church : a comprehensive introduction
The influence of the Gospel of Saint Matthew on Christian literature before Saint Irenaeus. Book 3, The Apologists and the Didache
The Didache in modern research
"The apostolic fathers (late first century to mid second century) are early and important links to apostolic Christianity, although there is vigorous debate regarding their connection with the normative teachings of the primitive church. This new reference work, designed to be used alongside Michael Holmes's third edition of the Apostolic Fathers (Baker, 2007) makes these vital writings more accessible by providing students with contextually sensitive glosses of words that occur fewer than thirty times in the New Testament These definitions are presented in the order in which they occur in the texts, along with the frequency of the word in the book, to facilitate a seamless reading process. Thus, students of New Testament Greek will be able to more comfortably expand their studies to read the works of Clement of Rome, Ignatius of Antioch, the Shepherd of Hermas, Polycarp of Smyrna, Papias, and others. This work will spur many students of the New Testament to explore the writings of the apostolic fathers and wrestle with their content, theology, praxis, use of the New Testament, and devotion to the risen Lord."--Publisher's website.
"In 1873, a copy of the long lost Didache was discovered in a library in Constantinople. Since its publication a decade later, this little book has attracted a large amount of scholarly attention due to the light it sheds on the beliefs and practices of the early Christians. Dr. William Varner has written this volume to familiarize readers with these past and present scholarly discussions. Dr. Varner offers his own analytical translation of the Didache and sets forth some fresh ideas about the book's original purpose and its relationship to the New Testament. He also suggests how the message of this first Christian handbook can inform the church today. This is an accessible introduction, not only to an ancient Christian text, but also to how the earliest Christians responded to the challenge of their new, lives."--Jacket.
Barnabas, Hermas and the Didache : being the Donnellan lectures delivered before The University of Dublin in 1920
Wild beasts and rabid dogs : the riddle of the heretics in the letters of Ignatius
Polycarp and Paul : an analysis of their literary & theological relationship in light of Polycarp's use of biblical & extra-biblical literature
Didachè = Didachē tōn Dōdeka Apostolōn : the unknown teaching of the twelve apostles
Teaching of the Twelve Apostles (1884)
Early Christian communities between ideal and reality
The Epistle to Diognetus (with the Fragment of Quadratus) : introduction, text, and commentary
The Apostolic Fathers : an introduction
The Didache : a window on the earliest Christians
Studies on the text of the New Testament and early Christianity : essays in hono[u]r of Michael W. Holmes on the occasion of his 65th birthday
The way of the Didache : the first Christian handbook
Reading the Apostolic Fathers : an introduction
Abstract.
Hermeneia : a critical and historical commentary on the Bible. The Didache : a commentary
The four authentic letters of Ignatius, the martyr
The collection of essays focuses on the twin areas of research undertaken by Prof. Michael W. Holmes. These are the sub-disciplines of textual criticism and the study of the Apostolic Fathers. The first part of the volume on textual criticism focuses on issues of method, the praxis of editing and collating texts, and discussions pertaining to individual variants. The second part of the volume assembles essays on the Apostolic Fathers. There is a particular focus on the person and writings of Polycarp, since this is the area of research where Prof. Holmes has worked most intensively.
A reader's lexicon of the Apostolic Fathers
The first critical text of the Life since 1888, this edition also provides a lucid English translation, extensive annotation, and a major introduction that demonstrates the third-century provenance of the work. The book discusses parallels with Philostratus and Eunapius, sets the work in the context of a Christianity troubled by Montanists and Marcionites, and discusses the liturgical life of third-century Smyrna.
Early Christian literature : Christ and culture in the second and third centuries
The Didache : the epistle of Barnabas, the epistles and the martyrdom of St. Polycarp, the fragments of Papias, the epistle to Diognetus
Matthew and the Didache : two documents from the same Jewish-Christian milieu?
Ecclesiastical office and the primacy of Rome : an evaluation of recent theological discussion of First Clement
Ignatius of Antioch and the parting of the ways : early Jewish-Christian relations
Didache and Judaism : Jewish roots of an ancient Christian-Jewish work
This commentary on Polycarp's Epistle to the Philippians and the Martyrdom of Polycarp includes extensive introductions, the Greek or Latin texts, facing English translations, and substantial comments on each passage. The preliminary material investigates Polycarpian traditions and reconstructs an outline of his life. The introductory studies for both Philippians and the Martyrdom discuss text and manuscript traditions, date and place of composition, historical setting, literary genre and style, unity and integrity, purpose and themes, theology, and post-composition influence. The volume also explores communal self-definition, moral formation, and the transmission of traditions, including the use of documents now found in the New Testament. The commentary proceeds passage by passage, but also includes lengthy discussions of critical issues and key interpretive questions. The investigations survey the current status of relevant scholarship and contain balanced discussions of controversial topics and scholarly debates.
This volume is the first major English-language commentary on the Epistle to Diognetus since that of Henry G. Meecham in 1949. Its purpose is twofold: to provide careful consideration to the essential introductory issues of authorship and setting, structure and integrity, theology, relationship to scripture, and historical trajectory as they apply to the transmission of the text; and to offer commentary focused on the movement of the author's argument and objectives in construction of the narrative, taking advantage of critical considerations of the apology within recent scholarship. In the final analysis the volume arrives at the premise that the core materials of Diognetus were likely delivered first in an oral context whose setting remains unknown and were thereafter recorded by a later hand as the framework of chapters 1-10. A subsequent editor (perhaps Clement of Alexandria) added the concluding materials of chapters 11-12 together with the insertion of numerous hymnic segments and theological phrases throughout chapters 1-10. These additions were inspired by Johannine tradition and reflect the setting of a living faith community. The text of Diognetus thus reflects an evolutionary process that moves from oral performance to literary record, from moral teaching to theological homily. The format of the volume is designed to welcome the non-specialist to the text of Diognetus while exposing the reader to the best of both earlier and more recent critical comments on the writing and its tradition.
The Apostolic Fathers and the New Testament
The Gospel of Matthew's dependence on the Didache
Eschatology in the making : Mark, Matthew and the Didache
The church in Antioch in the first century CE : communion and conflict
"Why do we divide and tear asunder the members of Christ?" (1 Clement 46:7) : a rhetorical analysis of the first letter of Clement with especial emphasis on the language of unity and sedition
"This volume provides the first full-scale edition and commentary in English of the text known as 2 Clement since Lightfoot's magisterial work at the end of the 19th century. The volume contains a critical edition of the text in Greek, including a full critical apparatus based on all the surviving manuscripts, together with an English translation. A full introduction deals with issues of manuscript and other attestation, authorship, date, place etc., as well as discussing issues concerning the genre of the text, the identity of possible 'opponents', citations, as well as providing an overall summary of the theology of the text. The work also provides a full-scale detailed commentary on the Greek text, providing analysis of all the main issues arising from the text."--p. [4] of cover.
Shepherd of Hermas : a commentary
Matthew, James, and Didache : three related documents in their Jewish and Christian settings
Christian ministerial priesthood : a search for its beginnings in the primary documents of the Apostolic Fathers
Polycarp's epistle to the Philippians and the martyrdom of Polycarp : introduction, text, and commentary
Knowledge and the coming kingdom : the Didache's meal ritual and its place in early Christianity
Community building in the Shepherd of Hermas : a critical study of some key aspects
Righteousness of one : an evaluation of early patristic soteriology in light of the new perspective on Paul
Polycarp and the New Testament : the occasion, rhetoric, theme, and unity of the Epistle to the Philippians and its allusions to New Testament literature
The reception of the New Testament in the Apostolic fathers
The apostolic tradition : a commentary
The life of Polycarp : an anonymous vita from third-century Smyrna
The apostolic fathers
"Concord and peace" : a rhetorical analysis of the first letter of Clement with an emphasis on the language of unity and sedition
To each their own letter : structure, themes, and rhetorical strategies in the letters of Ignatius of Antioch
The Didache : its Jewish sources and its place in early Judaism and Christianity
