http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20086 community service
community service
Building healthy communities for positive youth development
Punishment without walls : community service sentences in New York City
The elaboration of standard minimum rules for non-institutional treatment : proceedings of the sixth International Colloquium of the IPPF, Poitiers/France, 3.-6. October 1987.
Sanctions-systems in the member-states of the Council of Europe : deprivation of liberty, community service and other substitutes. Part 2
Introduction to recreation and leisure services
Risk assessment and mapping : safety dimensions of spatial and physical planning
Community service by order
Alternatives to custodial sanctions : proceedings of the European Seminar held in Helsinki, Finland, 26-28 September 1987.
Probation work : critical theory and socialist practice
The empowerment approach to social work practice : building the beloved community
Encouraging diversity : voluntary and private organisations in commmunity care
The Google story
The 9/11 Commission report : final report of the National Commission on Terrorist Attacks upon the United States
Youth and conscription
Thinking about workfare : evidence from the USA
Service learning for youth empowerment and social change
Evaluation studies : review annual. Vol. 11
Alternatives to imprisonment in comparative perspective
Community work in the 1990s
Non-custodial alternatives in Europe
Social care, service users and user involvement
Finland's experiment with Community Service : how to combine mitigation, quality experience and fairness?
Social work : theory and practice for a changing profession
Transport revolution : international perspectives
"Have you ever wondered how the water in your faucet gets there? Where your garbage goes? What the pipes under city streets do? How bananas from Ecuador get to your local market? Why radiators in apartment buildings clang? Using New York City as its point of reference, The Works takes readers down manholes and behind the scenes to explain exactly how an urban infrastructure operates. Deftly weaving text and graphics, author Kate Ascher explores the systems that manage water, traffic, sewage and garbage, subways, electricity, mail, and much more. Full of fascinating facts and anecdotes, The Works gives readers a unique glimpse at what lies behind and beneath urban life in the twenty-first century."--Back cover.
Alternatives to prison sentences : experiences and developments
At the crossroads : librarians on the information superhighway
Reforming community penalties
A place called Nunavut : multiple identities for a new region : proefschrift ter verkrijging van het doctoraat in de Letteren aan de Rijksuniversiteit Groningen ..
Between prison and probation : intermediate punishments in a rational sentencing system
Community service and the neo-classical framework of penal sanctions
Social work and the European community : the social policy and practice contexts
Green infrastructure for landscape planning : integrating human and natural systems
Social control : aspects of non-state justice
Revitalising communities in a globalising world
Community service as an alternative to the prison sentence : proceedings of the meeting of Coimbra, Coimbra/Portugal, 27th to 30th September 1986.
Marx, Durkheim, Weber : formations of modern social thought
Penal policies in the Nordic countries 1960-2010
Community penalties : change and challenges
A challenge to change : practical experiences of building user-led services
New approaches to evaluating community initiatives : concepts, methods and contexts
The Community health worker : working guide, guidelines for training, guidelines for adaptation
Communities and caring : the mixed economy of welfare
Community-based corrections
Promoting probation internationally : proceedings of the International Training Workshop on Probation (2-5 July 1997, Valletta, Malta)
Punishment, communication, and community
The works : anatomy of a city
An empirical study of community service orders in Ireland
Conclusion (s. 188-218).
Evaluation studies : review annual. Vol. 1
Understanding community penalties : probation, policy, and social change
Perspectives on welfare : ideas, ideologies, and policy debates
Co-production and personalisation in social care : changing relationships in the provision of social care
Public affairs reporting now : news of, by and for the people
Recording community sanctions and measures and assessing attrition : a methodological study on comparative data in Europe
Social policy and elderly people : the role of community care
The Finnish government's child and youth policy programme 2007-2011
Industrial society and social welfare : the impact of industrialization on the supply and organisation of social welfare servies in the United States
Learning to serve : promoting civil society through service learning
Social work and community care
Summary: Punishment and suitability for punishment: initial phases and problems of Finlandś community service experiment.
Support networks in a caring community : research and policy, fact and fiction
Censure and sanctions
Community-based operations research : decision modeling for local impact and diverse populations
Linkages : effective networking in social care
Penological esperanto and sentencing parochialism : a comparative study of the search for non-prison punishments
Integrating care systems : practical perspectives
Municipal benchmarks : assessing local performance and establishing community standards
Modern community mental health : an interdisciplinary approach
Ethical issues in social work
Changing lenses : Restorative justice for our times
Empowering practice in social care
Restitution in criminal justice : a critical assessment of sanctions
Sanctions-systems in the member-states of the Council of Europe. Part 1, Deprivation of liberty, community service and other substitutes
Suomen kartasto = Atlas över Finland = Atlas of Finland. 2, Väestö. Talous. Liikenne
Evaluating the effectiveness of community penalties
In community : practical lessons in supporting isolated people to be part of community
Politics
Principled sentencing
Civic space/cyberspace : the American public library in the information age
Varieties of mutual support and voluntary action : a study of Finnish self-help groups and volunteers
US corporate wellness study
The Oxford handbook of criminology
Social work in rural communities
Social work and empowerment ; Robert Adams
Local decision making II
Evaluation studies : review annual. Vol. 12
Sentenced to serve : the operation and impact of community service by offenders
The social construction of community care
Statistics of the Criminal Sanctions Agency
Boys don't knit
Handbook on probation services : guidelines for probation practitioners and managers
New bridges -projekti : loppuraportit
Analysing community work : its theory and practice
The short guide to social work
