http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20025 mixed forests
mixed forests
Effect of species composition on economic return in amixed stand of Norway spruce and Scots Pine
Economical and biological production possibilities of broadleaves in long term forest production analyses = Økonomiske og biologiske produksjonsmuligheter for lauvtrœr i langsiktige skogproduksjonsanalyser
Forestry development scenarios: timber production, carbon dynamics in tree biomass and forest values in Germany
A comparison of wood quality between mixed stands and monocultures of Norway spruce
The ecology of mixed-species stands of trees
Introduction
Wood quality of Norway spruce grown in mixture with birch and in monoculture
Mixed and pure forest plantations in the tropics and subtropics
Communities and forest management in South Asia
Crown architecture and its role in species interactions in mixed boreal forests
Diameter increment, wood density and spiral grain
Comparison of growth, nutrition and soil properties of pure and mixed stands of Populus deltoides and Alnus subcornata
Moose (Alces alces L.) browsing in young Scots pine stands in relation to the characteristics of their winter habitats
Yield prediction after heavy thinning of birch in mixed stands of Norway spruce (Picea abies (L.) Karst.) and birch (Betula pendula Roth & Betula pubescens Ehrh.)
Increment and yield in mixed stands with Norway spruce in southern Sweden
Recruitment and understorey herb dynamics in deciduous and mixed coniferous forest
Continuous cover forestry : assessment, analysis, scenarios
Coarse root architecture of three boreal tree species growing in mixed stands
Forest stand dynamics
Continuous cover forestry
Broad-scale harvesting and wildlife community dynamics in the boreal mixedwood forest
A hybrid heuristic algorithm for harvest decision of mixed species stand under price risk
Sensitivity of Picea abies to butt rot in pure stands and in mixed stands with Pinus sylvestris in southern Sweden
Tropical dryland agroforestry on clay soils : analysis of systems based on Acacia senegal in the Blue Nile region, Sudan
Factors affecting the snow and wind induced damage of a montane secondary forest in northeastern China
Site index conversion equations for mixed trembling aspen and white spruce stands in northern British Columbia
Optimal harvesting of uneven-aged single- and mixed-species forest stands in Fennoscandia
Growth dynamics and economic return of mixed forests of Norway spruce and Scots pine
The practice of silviculture : applied forest ecology
The ecology and silviculture of mixed-species forests : a festschrift for David M. Smith
Volume yield to mid-rotation in pure and mixed sown stands of Pinus sylvestris and Picea abies in Sweden
Growth and survival of douglas-fir and western redcedar planted at different densities and species mixtures
Strength and related properties of Norway spruce timber in structural sizes : comparison of spruce grown in mixtures with birch and in monocultures
Soil organisms, ground vegetation and ecosystem processes in mixed stands of Norway spruce and birch
Four different management strategies were applied to a young mixed stand of Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris L.), Norway spruce (Pices abies (L.) Karst.) and birch (Betula pendula Roth and Betula pubescens Ehrh.) in southern Sweden. All strategies included an initial precommercial thinning to ca. 2400 stems ha-1. The different aims were: (i) a conifer-dominated stand with focus on high productivity; (ii) a conifer-dominated stand with high quality timber; (iii) keeping a stem-wise species mixture; (iv) a mosaic-wise species mixture. Stem selection according to the different strategies were simulated with a starting point from plots with a 5 m radius. All strategies were applied to all of the plots. A growth simulator was used to simulate the stand development up to final felling. This study illustrates the possibilities for influencing the structure of a mixed stand through precommercial thinning. The study also illustrates the long-term effects on stand structure and volume yield by consequently applying a management strategy from precommercial thinning until final felling. Precommercial thinning was found to be a useful tool to influence the stand structure in accordance to the aims set. However, the opportunities for influencing the stand by precommercial thinning were restricted by natural settings and unconditional considerations (e.g. tree vitality, stem quality, regular spacing), beyond what could be judged from stand average data. The stem volume production during a rotation was 6% lower for (iii) and (iv) compared to (i) and (ii), mainly due to a greater proportion of birch in the former strategies..
Multiaged silviculture : managing for complex forest stand structures
Modelling and management of uneven-aged pine forests in Catalonia, North-East Spain
Growing plantation forests
Research on growth and yield with emphasis on mixed stands : proceedings from Sessions of S4.01 "Mensuration, Growth and Yield" at the IUFRO CENTENNIAL Meeting Berlin/Eberswalde, Germany August 31-September 4, 1992
Summary.
Mixing birch in Norway spruce stands : impact on forest floor chemistry with implications for the buffering of acidity and the nutrition of spruce
Optimizing thinnings and rotation of Scots pine and Norway spruce mixtures
Growth dynamics and economic return of mixed forests of Norway spruce and scots pine
Root system traits of Norway spruce, Scots pine, and silver birch in mixed boreal forests : an analysis of root architecture, morphology, and anatomy
Influence of forest composition on understory cover in boreal mixedwood forests of western Quebec
Dietary variations of the Ural owl Strix uralensis in the transitional mixed forest of northern Belarus with implications for the distribution differences
Seasonal nutrient variation in the foliage of Alnus incana (L.) Moench and associated trees
The structure and dynamics of mixed stands of Norway spruce and birch
Occurrence of flat bugs (Heteroptera: Aradidae) in burned and unburned forests
Forecasting probability distributions of forest yield allowing for Bayesian approach to management planning
Effects of precommercial thinning strategies on stand structure and growth in a mixed even-aged stand of Scots pine, Norway spruce and birch in southern Sweden
Economic and ecological effects of diameter-limit and BDq management regimes: simulation results for northern hardwoods
Moose browsing in a Scots pine plantation mixed with deciduous tree species
Strength of Norway spruce from both mixed stands and monocultures
