http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20071 women's sports
women's sports
No girls in the clubhouse : the exclusion of women from baseball
Women and sport : continuing a journey of liberation and celebration
Women, sport and culture : how to change sports culture? : 4th European Women and Sport Conference : European Women & Sport, Helsinki 7-11 June, 2000 : report
A history and philosophy of sport and physical education : from ancient civilizations to the modern world
Girls with balls : the secret history of women's football
Women who win in sport and in life : stories of triumph
Philosophical perspectives on gender in sport and physical activity
Handbook on the economics of women in sports
Technical and tactical game analysis of elite female beach volleyball
Proceedings of the Jyväskylä Congress on Movement and Sport in Women's Life, August 17-21, 1987, Jyväskylä, Finland. Vol. 1, History and sociology
Abstracts of the Jyväskylä Congress on Movement and Sport in Women's Life, August 17.-21, 1987, Jyväskylä, Finland
Sport and women : international bibliography 1977-1983
Women boxers : the new warriors
Do the global sports media continue to ignore and downplay female sporting success - or is this invisibility changing? Does the world's largest media event, the Olympic Games, which places sport at the centre of world attention, also represent a media showcase for the achievements of female athletes? This is the main focus of this book. It explores women's printed media coverage during the 2004 Olympic Games and brings together the largest quantitative collection of content analyses of media coverage of a single event using the same methodology. Expanding beyond research centred on the English-speaking world, it includes analyses of newspapers published in 14 languages and research teams from 18 countries, including Norway, Denmark, Sweden, United Kingdom, France, Belgium, Germany, Spain, the Czech Republic, Hungary, Canada, the United States of America, Turkey, China, Japan, South Korea, South Africa and New Zealand. Based on comparative analyses the book provides a current picture of the place of sportswomen in global media. The comparative approach further informs and demonstrates how the methodology of content analysis can be used on printed media texts and its strengths and limitations when used across borders of language, culture and nation. With contributions from across Europe, Asia, Africa, North America and Oceania, Sportswomen at the Olympics: A Global Content Analysis of Newspaper Coverage provides evidence of the ongoing gendered difference in sports media coverage and shows how media may play a global role in the transformation and reproduction of gender structures in sports.
Women, Sport, and Culture features 24 selections from various feminist positions that examine the relation between sport and gender. The articles serve as a marker of where feminist sport studies has been as a field and a guidepost for what may be the most promising theoretical directions in the future. This comprehensive collection of articles is organized into five sections: part I introduces and provides an overview of feminist theories that have examined gender, women, and sport; part II addresses the gendered organizational order of sport and explores the practices through which women in institutionalized sport are managed; part III explores how certain practices associated with sport actively degrade women and how women have alternately appropriated and opposed what they perceive to be oppressive and unjust practices; part IV examines the role of the media in circulating and legitimizing dominant meanings of sport, women, gendered bodies, and sexuality; and part V interrogates heterosexism and homophobia in sport.
Heroines of sport : the politics of difference and identity
Sport, Peace and Development : International Worker Sport 1913-2013 ; a Festschrift Book in Honour of International Workers and Amateurs in Sports Confederation (CSIT)
Popular China : unofficial culture in a globalizing society
Sport and the emancipation of European women : the struggle for self-fulfilment
Sportswomen at the olympics : a global content analysis of newspaper coverage
Built to win : the female athlete as cultural icon
"Even though teenaged girl Jackie Mitchell once struck out Babe Ruth and Lou Gehrig, women are still striking out on the hardball diamond. This book builds on recently published histories of women as amateur and professional players, umpires, sports commentators and fans to analyze the cultural and historical contexts for excluding females from America's past time"--Provided by publisher.
Proceedings of the Jyväskylä Congress on Movement and Sport in Women's Life, August 17-21, 1987, Jyväskylä, Finland. Vol. 2, Physical education, psychology and health sciences
Movement and sport in the life-cycle of woman : July 27-August 1, 1997, Lahti, Finland : programme & abstracts
From nothing, a great team rises
The lady footballers : struggling to play in Victorian Britain
Olympic women and the media : international perspectives
Metaphoric descriptions of pre- and post-game performance-related experiences in a soccer team during a competitive season
Sporting females : critical issues in the history and sociology of women's sports
Sports marketing : a strategic perspective
A philosophy of Finnish women's physical education as presented in selected writings of Elin Kallio, Elli Björkstén and Hilma Jalkanen
A contemporary history of women's sport. Part one, Sporting women, 1850-1960
Sexual sports rhetoric : global and universal contexts
Women as a social and cultural minority in sports
Game face : what does a female athlete look like?
Women, sport and physical activity : sharing good practice
Athletic intruders : ethnographic research on women, culture, and exercise
Muslim women and sport
Media and society : critical perspectives
Women, sport, and culture
Emancipation through sports : doctors and the rise of the female body in Finland c. 1900-1920
Sport, rhetoric, and gender : historical perspectives and media representations
The sweetest thing : a boxer's memoir
Summary  This unique book explores the complex and diverse nature of Sports Marketing, presenting a framework to help explain and organize the sports marketing process. Written from a true strategic marketing perspectiveby a professor of marketing in a college of businessit illustrates the application of marketing principles and processes to the sports industry.  Table of contents  I. CONTINGENCY FRAMEWORK FOR STRATEGIC SPORTS MARKETING.                       1. Emergence of Sports Marketing.                      2. Overview of the Contingency Framework for Strategic Sports Marketing.                      3. External and Internal Contingencies.                     II. PLANNING FOR MARKET SELECTION DECISIONS.                       4. Research Tools for Understanding Sports Consumers.                      5. Understanding Participants as Consumers.                      6. Understanding Spectators as Consumers.                      7. Segmentation, Targeting and Positioning.                    III. PLANNING THE SPORTS MARKETING MIX.                       8. Sports Products/Service Concepts.                      9. Developing and Managing Sports Products/Services.                      10. Promotion Concepts.                      11. Promotion Mix Elements.                      12. Sponsorship Programs.                      13. Distribution Concepts.                      14. Pricing Concepts.                      15. Developing A Pricing Strategy.                    IV. IMPLEMENTING AND CONTROLLING THE STRATEGIC SPORTS MARKETING                  PROCESS.                       16. Implementing and Controlling the Strategic Sports Marketing Process.                      Appendix A: Careers Opportunities in Sports Marketing.                      Appendix B: Sports Marketing Sites of Interest on the Internet.
Trousers and the construction of modern woman
Published in cooperation with Sociologists for Women in Society How do race, class, and gender interrelate? How does the interlocking of race, class, and gender form patterns of social relations and develop into hierarchical orders? What are the dilemmas and contradictions created by the simultaneity of race, class, and gender? How can feminist scholarship based on the complex understanding of the interlocking nature of race, class, and gender transform our knowledge and social life? In Race, Class & Gender, an accomplished cast of contributors with a great diversity of backgrounds--ranging from sociology, African American studies, Chicano studies, ethnic studies, and gender studies--addresses these important issues and much more. This new anthology--significantly derived from a special issue of the journal Gender & Society--seeks to bring understanding to the complex intersections of race, class, and gender. The editors have chosen selections that take the study of race, class, and gender beyond their usual context--that of social stratification--and locate them in the wider sociological world. This informative volume's broad scope and interdisciplinary emphasis make it an invaluable contribution to the study of social organizations. Offering a comprehensive examination of race, class, and gender, this important volume will be vital to professionals and students in the fields of gender, sociology, race/ethnicity, social problems and theory, and it should appeal to the general public that seeks to enhance personal learning in this subject area.
Women and sport : from fitness for fun to international competition - the pleasures and pressures for women today
Empowering young female athletes : a possible challenge to the male hegemony in sport : a descriptive and interventional study
Women and Sport offers insight into how women have been involved in sport, how they have struggled for widespread recognition and legitimacy, and how they continue to carve out their role in shaping sport. Women and Sport was developed to fill the need for a primary textbook. It separates itself from other titles by providing an abundance of instructor ancillary materials that assist in class preparations. Through its engaging content, Women and Sport serves as a launching pad for discussions that shape societys ongoing conversation about what it means to be a female athlete or a woman working in sport.
Women in sports history
Women's sports have received much less attention from economists than from other social scientists. This Handbook fills that gap with a comprehensive economic analysis of women's sports. It also analyzes how the behavior and treatment of female athletes reflect broad economic forces.
Women’s adventure : e-lehti
Women's sports sponsorship : suitability for family businesses
This book is an historical survey of women’s sport from 1850-1960. It looks at some of the more recent methodological approaches to writing sports history and raises questions about how the history of women’s sport has so far been shaped by academic writers. Questions explored in this text include: What are the fresh perspectives and newly available sources for the historian of women’s sport? How do these take forward established debates on women’s place in sporting culture and what novel approaches do they suggest? How can our appreciation of fashion, travel, food and medical history be advanced by looking at women’s involvement in sport? How can we use some of the current ideas and methodologies in the recent literature on the history and sociology of sport in order to look afresh at women’s participation? Jean Williams’s original research on these topics and more will be a useful resource for scholars in the fields of sports, women’s studies, history and sociology.
Race, class, & gender : common bonds, different voices
Philosophy of sport : critical readings, crucial issues
Women's football in the UK : continuing with gender analyses
Sexual sports rhetoric : historical and media contexts of violence
Women in sport - sport for women : constructing scenarios and utopias from a women centered perspective
The history of sport in Britain, 1880-1914. Vol. 2, Sport, education, and improvement
