http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20052 Chinese speakers
Chinese speakers
Changshengdian = The palace of eternal youth
Han Wei Liuchao shi yibaiwushi shou = Golden treasury of Chinese poetry from Han to Sui
Qi yuan = Garden of repose
The wandering earth
Tales from the thousand character classic
One hundred and one Chinese poems
Expressions of self in Chinese literature
Classical Chinese poetry : an anthology
The water margin : Outlaws of the marsh
CHINESE LOVE POEMS FROM MOST ANCIENT TO MODERN.
Tungpo shiwen xuan = Selected poems and prose of Su Tungpo
EIGHT CHINESE PLAYS FROM THE  13TH CENTURY TO.
The noodle maker
Cries in the drizzle : a novel
Doubled shadows : selected poetry of Ouyang Jianghe
The dark forest
The songs of the Orchis Tower
Lotus creek
Starve the poets! : selected poems
Song Ming pinghua xuan= Selected chinese stories of the Song and Ming dynasties
Death's end
THE BUTCHER'S WIFE
Wang yi Tang shi san bai shou =​ : Wang's translation of 300 Tang poems
The blind man & the cripple ; Orchard Village = Anh mù và anh què = Vuòn Cây An Trái
Red sorghum : a novel of China
Tales from the three character classics
The three-body problem
Selected poems from the goddesses
Early Chinese literature
Catalogue of the Chinese collection of the University of Malaya Library
Lost books of medieval China
ANTHOLOGY OF CHINESE LITERATURE
Sanguo Yanyi : (jiexuan) = Three kingdoms : (condensed version)
Yuan Ming Qing shi yibaiwushi shou = Golden treasury of Yuan, Ming, Qing poetry
Zhongguo wen hua dao du = Aspect of Chinese culture
Before Confucius : studies in the creation of the Chinese classics
Amazing tales : first series
Ying yi Qu Yuan shi xuan = Selected poems of Chü Yuan
The real Tripitaka and other pieces
Three Chinese poets : translations of poems by Wang Wei, Li Bai and Du Fu
Poetry and prose of the Tang and Song
The mouse bride : a Chinese folktale = Chi cha
How the Chinawoman lost her voice
ONE HUNDRED POEMS FROM THE CHINESE
The pi-pa player
The flowers of war
The mountain flowers have bloomed quietly
One glittering moment : and other selected writings
Song of everlasting sorrow
Masterpieces of modern Chinese fiction : 1919-1949
Wolf totem
Panda Bear goes visiting
Stick out your tongue
Selected poems
Mimosa : and other selected writings
Song-poems from Xanadu
Dayanhe : my wet-nurse
Zhongguo min jian gu shi jing cui = Selected Chinese folk tales
You meng ying = dream shadows
A flock in the wilderness
Milestones in Sino-Western literary confrontation (1898-1979)
100 Chinese Ci poems in English verse = Ci baishou yingyi
A study of language attitudes of Cantonese Chinese people towards Cantonese and Finnish in Finland
20 fragments of a ravenous youth
The miraculous pigtail : and other selected writings
Paper horse
Brothers
The water margin, or, The 108 heroes
Genre theory in China in the 3rd-6th centuries : (Liu Hsieh's theory on poetic genres)
One half of the sky : selection from contemporary women writers of China
Three sisters
Selected plays from the Yuan dynasty
Spring silkworms and other stories
Jade ladder : contemporary Chinese poetry
Laughter and Tears
Zhongguo dangdai xiaoshuo xuandu = Selected readings of contemporary Chinese short stories
Nüshen = The Goddesses
Chatuben A Q zhengzhuan = The true story of Ah Q
The poetics of uncertainity in early Chinese literature
Decoded
Under the hawthorn tree
Cixin Liu is China’s bestselling science fiction author and one of the most important voices in world SF. His novel, The Three-Body Problem, was the first translated work of SF ever to win the Hugo Award. Here is the first collection of his short fiction: eleven stories, including five Chinese Galaxy Award-winners, form a blazingly original ode to planet earth, its pasts and its futures.
THE SUN SHINES OVER THE SANGKAN RIVER
The butterfly
The palace of eternal youth
Literature and the arts
A history of Chinese literature
Buying a fishing rod for my grandfather
Notes on the Mosquite: selected poems introduces English readers to one of the most celebrated poets of contemporary China, highlighting the work of a deeply engaging poet whose poems intertwine the mountains and roads of Xinjiang with inscets and mythical beasts, ghosts, sacred spirits and a Sanskrit brick.
Unbearable dreamworld of Champa the driver
Hepburn shoes on the double-decker : a colleciont of China's new urban novels
Grass soup
Riprap ; and, Cold mountain poems
Topics in Chinese literature : outlines and bibliographies
Huainan zi gu shi = Stories of Huainanzi
Village of stone
Translating Chinese literature
The pleasures of a nonconformist
The song of everlasting sorrow : a novel of Shanghai
A partial bibliography for the study of Indian influence on Chinese popular literature
Songs from Xanadu : studies in Mongol-dynasty song-poetry (san-chʻü)
Strings of life
In the ninety-ninth district of a sprawling labour camp, the Author, Musician, Scholar, Theologian and Technician are undergoing Re-education, to restore their revolutionary zeal and credentials. In charge of this process is the Child, who delights in draconian rules, monitoring behaviour and confiscating treasured books. The inmates - and hundreds of intellectuals just like them - must meet challenges set by the higher-ups: to grow an ever-spiralling amount of wheat per li of land, and to smelt vast quantities of steel. The stakes are high: they can win their freedom if they are awarded enough of the small red blossoms, medium red blossoms and pentagonal stars given out for effort, obedience and informing on others. But when bad weather arrives, followed by the 'three bitter years' of the Great Famine, the intellectuals are abandoned by the regime and left on their own to survive. Divided into four narratives, echoing the four texts of Confucianism and the four Gospels of the New Testament, The Four Books tells the story of one of China's most controversial periods. It also shows us the power of camaraderie, love and faith against oppression and the darkest possible odds.
The empire of the text : writing and authority in early imperial China
One fallen leaf : and more miniature stories
An introduction to Chinese literature
This anthology is the record of a revolution in Chinese poetry. As the Cultural Revolution gave way to the post-Mao era - years of political turmoil, economic boom and the return of Hong Kong - the present period has been one of extraordinary and deeply problematic growth. Chinese poets, driven by alienation, trauma and exile, have responded with one of the most thorough and exciting experiments in world poetry. Jade Ladder shows authoritatively for the first time in English the diversity of Chinese poetry as it renegotiates its relationship with Western modernist and postmodernist poetry, and re-engages with its Classical heritage. Misty, post-Misty, Fourth Generation; publication in samizdat, publication in exile, publication on the internet - in a nation of billions, it sometimes seems that there are a million ways to write poetry. This selection provides a concise series of perspectives on a proliferating scene. It focusses on key figures and key poems. It moves beyond the lyric to showcase an astonishing diversity of genres including narrative poetry, neo-Classical writing, the sequence, experimental poetry and the long poem. Through detailed introductions, it examines how contemporary poetry grew from both the fertile Classical tradition and the stony ground of the Communist period, only to rewrite that tradition, and resist that regime. Jade Ladder is the most comprehensive single volume guide to what has been happening and what is happening now in a culture of undeniably global significance. It is indispensable reading for anyone with an interest in the future not just of China, but of poetry.
The four books
Guan Hanqing zaju xuan = Selected plays of Guan Hanqing
The scholars
A dream of red mansions
The last quarter of the moon
Linjia puzi = The shop of the Lin family; ; Chuncan = Spring silkworms
The blue house
Love must not be forgotten : and other selected writings
The Chinese reader's manual : a handbook of biographical, historical, mythological, and general literary reference
Fifty songs from the Yüan : poetry of 13th century China
Tales from the hundreds surnames
Poems of the late T'ang
Notes on the mosquito : selected poems
The phoenix seeks a mate ; The peacock flies southeast
Song of Mulan : a folksong of the Northern Dynasties
"With the scope of Dune and the rousing action of Independence Day, this near-future trilogy is the first chance for English-speaking readers to2 8xperience this multple-award-winning phenemonenon from China's most beloved science fiction author. In Dark Forest, Earth is reeling from the revelation of a coming alien invasion--in just four centuries' time. The aliens' human collaborators may have been defeated, but the presence of the sophons, the subatomic particles that allow Trisolaris instant access to all human information, means that Earth's defense plans are totally exposed to the enemy. Only the human mind remains a secret. This is the motivation for the Wallfacer Project, a daring plan that grants four men enormous resources to design secret strategies, hidden through deceit and misdirection from Earth and Trisolaris alike. Three of the Wallfacers are influential statesmen and scientists, but the fourth is a total unknown. Luo Ji, an unambitious Chinese astronomer and sociologist, is baffled by his new status. All he knows is that he's the one Wallfacer that Trisolaris wants dead"-- Provided by publisher
CHINESE FAIRY TALES
Jade streetlights : and more stories of longing
How Mr. Pan weathered the storm : and other selected writings
The classic anthology defined by Confucius
ANCIENT CHINESE FABLES
The man with compound eyes
ONE HUNDRED AND SEVENTY CHINESE POEMS
Researches on the I Ching
The wolf totem : a novel
A brief history of Chinese fiction
The great masque : and more stories of life in the city
Lee Valley poems
Ying yi yue fu shi jing hua : Gems of Yuefu ballads
"With the scope of Dune and the commercial action of Independence Day, this near-future trilogy is the first chance for English-speaking readers to experience this multple-award-winning phenemonenon from China's most beloved science fiction author. Set against the backdrop of China's Cultural Revolution, a secret military project sends signals into space to establish contact with aliens. An alien civilization on the brink of destruction captures the signal and plans to invade Earth. Meanwhile, on Earth, different camps start forming, planning to either welcome the superior beings and help them take over a world seen as corrupt, or to fight against the invasion. The result is a science fiction masterpiece of enormous scope and vision"
Linjia puzi ; Chuncan = The shop of the Lin family ; Spring silkworms
The Columbia anthology of traditional Chinese literature
Occidentalism : a theory of counter-discourse in post-Mao China
Chaguan = Teahouse
One hundred quatrains by the Tang poets : English translations = Yingyi Tangren jueju baishou
Ying yi Shi jing, guo feng = Regional songs from the book of poetry
The republic of wine : a novel
Before and since his enforced exile, Yang Lian has been one of the most innovative and influential poets in China. Widely hailed in America and Europe as a highly individual voice in world literature, he has been translated into many languages. "Lee Valley Poems" is his first book to be wholly conceived and written in London, once his place of exile and now his permanent home. It includes an extended sequence, "When Water Confirms", translated by Brian Holton and Agnes Hung-Chong Chan, and a suite of shorter poems translated by several poets, most of these working with Yang Lian: Polly Clark, Antony Dunn, Jacob Edmond, W.N. Herbert, Pascale Petit, Fiona Sampson and Arthur Sze. The book's preface, A Wild Goose Speaks to me, takes as its springboard Yang Lian's comment 'There is no international, only different locals'. With this perspective, the Lee Valley of his first London poems becomes the international inside the local: the poet may travel far but never really leaves the ground of his own inner self, and the value and joy of poetry is seen as fishing in the deep sea of existence. This title is available in bilingual Chinese-English edition.
The family
The unbearable dreamworld of Champa the driver
The dream of the red chamber
Soul mountain
Peacock cries at the Three Gorges
"Two young girls sneak onto the grounds of a hospital, where they find a disturbing moment of silence in a rose garden. A couple grows a plant that blooms underground, invisibly, to their long-time neighbor's consternation. A cat worries about its sleepwalking owner, who receives a mysterious visitor while he's asleep. After a ten-year absence, a young man visits his uncle, on the twenty-fourth floor of a high-rise that is floating in the air, while his ugly cousin hesitates on the stairs . . . Can Xue is a master of the dreamscape, crafting stories that inhabit the space where fantasy and reality, time and timelessness, the quotidian and the extraordinary, meet. The stories in this striking and lyrical new collection--populated by old married couples, children, cats, and nosy neighbors, the entire menagerie of the everyday--reaffirm Can Xue's reputation as one of the most innovative Chinese writers in a generation"--Provided by publisher.
Jing xuan Shi jing yu shi yi hua (Ying Han dui zhao) = Selections from the book of poetry (Illustrated edition)
Teahouse : a play in three acts
Encyclopedia of language and education. Volume 9, Ecology of language
The dark road
