http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20045 fur garments
fur garments
Istanbul Üniversitesi Eczacilik Fakültesi Herbaryumundaki Türkiye Bitkileri = Turkish material present in the Herbarium of the Faculty of Pharmacy of Istanbul University. 2, Monocotyledones
Southern europe : France, Spain, Portugal, Italy, Croatia, Greece, Istanbul
Turkish Coast
Turkish young learner's preferences in activities in their English as foreign language class
Lord of the silver bow
The Sultan of Byzantium
Simple guide to Turkey : customs & etiquette
I am Pilgrim : a thriller
Contested modernities in Turkey : constituting the modern subject in Bilkent University
History of the Ottoman empire and modern Turkey. 2, Reform, revolution and republic : the rise of modern Turkey, 1808-1977
Furs for men
Unity or diversity? : Turkish nationalism, kurds, and the Turkish mainstream press
Turkey's energy security vis-à-vis integration with the EU : a narrative policy analysis from the English school perspective
A rescue story : Turkish passport
Complete Turkish
The world of Nasrudin
Turkish coast
Political culture of Turkey in the rule of the AKP : change and continuity = Politische Kultur der Türkei in der Herrschaft der AKP : Wandel und Kontinuität
Turkey's political direction : authoritarianism, liberal democracy or dissolution?
A new species of Alchemilla (Rosaceae) from Turkey
Contemporary Turkey in conflict : ethnicity, Islam and politics
Linaria turcica (Scrophulariaceae), a new species from Turkey
New perspectives on ethnic relations, Islam and neoliberalism have emerged in Turkey since the rise of the Justice and Development Party (AKP) in 2002. Placing the period within its historical and contemporary context, Tahir Abbas argues that what it is to be ethnically, religiously and culturally Turkish has been transformed. He explores how issues of political trust, social capital and intolerance towards minorities have characterised Turkey in the early years of the 21st-century. He shows how a radical neoliberal economic and conservative outlook has materialised, leading to a clash over the religious, political and cultural direction of Turkey. These conflicts are defining the future of the nation.
The gigolo murder
Turkish music. Record II : Classical and religious music
The autobiography of Aziz Nesin. Part I : (That's how it was but not how it's going to be)
Iznik : the artistry of Ottoman ceramics
The history of Turkey
Turkish awakening : a personal discovery of modern Turkey
Love of skills : creating future of fur
Conceptualising socio-cultural dimension of islamic political thought in the politics of AKP
Turkey at the Straits : a short history
History of the Ottoman empire and modern Turkey. 1, Empire of the Gazis : the rise and decline of the Ottoman Empire, 1280-1808
The Ottoman Empire and the world around it
Nationalism amongst the Turks of Cyprus : the first wave
Istanbul Üniversitesi Eczacilik Fakültesi Herbaryumundaki Türkiye Bitkileri = Turkish material present in the Herbarium of the Faculty of Pharmacy of Istanbul University. 1, Pteridophyta, Gymnospermae, Dicotyledones
Towards multiculturalism in Turkish public service broadcasting : the dilemma of Kurdish language and cultural diversity
Turkish culture & arts
The Kurds in Turkey : a political dilemma
The autobiography of Aziz Nesin. Part II : (The path)  / foreword by Talat S. Halman
Burhan Dogançay : a retrospective
75 years of Turkish diaspora : a republican family on the move
Hard choices : the EU's options in a Changing Middle East
Top Hat, Grey Wolf and Crescent : Turkish nationalism and the Turkish Republic
The enlightenment idea of history as a legitimation tool of Kemalism in Turkey
The Turkish economy in 2006
Helichrysum unicapitatum (Asteraceae), a new species from Turkey
Fall of kings
Istanbul : city guide
The birds of Turkey
Turkish for travellers
A new species of Cephalaria (Dipsacaceae) from South Anatolia, Turkey
Franchising as an internationalization method in emerging markets : experiences of Robert's Coffee from Turkey
Evaluation of reforms in Turkish public administration after 1980s : new public management approach and the "draft law related to fundamental principles and reconstructing of public management" as a reflection of NPM on Turkey
Turkish miniature painting
Fast Turkish in a day : "now you're talking!"
The Muslim world and politics in transition : creative contributions of the Gülen movement
Traditional Turkish arts
The article builds on ethnographic fieldwork within the LGBTQ (Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, Trans and Queer) milieu of Istanbul. It is based on material collected through participant observation and semi-structured interviews with people who at the same time selfidentify as practicing Muslims and have romantic and sexual relations with people of their own sex. The protagonist of the article is a pious Muslim woman who can be placed in the category of LGBTQ Muslims who do not seek coherence and are not involved in a reinterpretation of their Islamic tradition. The article explores the complex ways in which this woman handles the potential conflicts between her sex life and her religious beliefs, and points specifically to the way she supports herself on the firm belief that Allah loves and protects her.
Colloquial Turkish : the complete course for beginners
From Prusa to Bursa : Silk World of Sivilization
Atatürk : the rebirth of a nation
Turkish early childhood educators' conceptualization about parental involvement
Headscarf politics in Turkey : a postcolonial reading
Turkish journal of botany : Türk botanik dergisi
Atatürk's Legacy : A Worldview in Historical Context
Two distinct groups of EU immigrants in coastal Turkey
Risk intelligent supply chains : how leading Turkish companies thrive in the age of fragility
Istanbul : memories and the city
Turkey : a short history
Turkish cookery
Ottoman emboidery
Bioenergy knowledge, perceptions, and attitudes among young citizens : from cross-national surveys to conceptual model
The boat
Discover Turkey : travel guide
EXTRACTS FROM THE HISTORY OF THE OTTOMAN EMPIRE / HISTORIAN OF SOUTH EAST EUROPEAN AND ORIENTAL CIVILIZATIONS ; ED. BY ALEXANDRU DUTU AND PAUL CERNOVODEANU
Market Research on the Turkish Shipbuilding Industry : case: Koskisen Oy
Revisiting the Turkish migration to Germany after forty years
Leadership in early childhood education : cross-cultural perspectives
Türkish painting
Shield of thunder
A shameful act : the Armenian genocide and the question of Turkish responsibility
International journal of Language Academy
Three apples fell from heaven
Challenging the orientalist reading of Mary Wortley Montagu's Turkish letters with feminist approaches
The mode in furs : a historical survey with 680 illustrations
The art and architecture of Turkey
Beyond the sky
All Killer : Finders Keepers Records 1-20
Frommer's Turkey with your family : from bustling bazaars to historic sites
The new Turkey : the quiet revolution on the edge of Europe
Activities of the European Investment Bank in Turkey (1965-1974)
Dianthus goekayi (Caryophyllaceae), a new species from Turkey
A history of Turkey : from empire to republic
Redhouse elsözlüǧü : ingilizce-türkçe, türkçe-ingilizce = Redhouse portable dictionary : English-Turkish, Turkish-English
Christians and Jews in the Ottoman Arab world : the roots of sectarianism
Football labor emigrations within globalization and the sample of Turkey
Turks in European cities : housing and urban segregation
The Mediterranean and the Aegean coastal zone of Turkey has emerged as a new destination for lifestyle migrants from Northern Europe in the recent years. This article aims at drawing attention to the recent migration flow of EU citizens to Turkey in case of Marmaris - a tourism town located on the Turkish Riviera. The differences of EU citizens who settled in Marmaris are studied by considering their retirement status. The retired and non-retired EU citizens are compared as to their socio-economic and demographic characteristics, pull and push factors in their migration process, perceived problems in Turkey and intention to return. The research was conducted in 2008 and 2009. 131 participants are EU citizens who spend at least three months in a year in Marmaris. Both qualitative and quantitative methods were employed during the research. The factors that cause the migration of the Europeans towards Marmaris are similar with other destination countries along the Mediterranean as well as the other destinations in Turkey however the retired and the non-retired groups in Marmaris differ from each other in aspect of some characteristics..
Digital-political fantasies in Istanbul : an analysis of the perceived role of ICT in changing local institutional politics, activism, and identity
Turkish state, Turkish society
Turkish village d Bernard McDonagh
Iste
Eastern Turkey : the Bradt travel guide
Especially loved by Allah : Muslim and LGBTQ in Istanbul
A colder war
Summary.
Turkish Coast : pocket guide
This article aims to discuss one of the phenomena of globalization: the impact of migration on sports, using football players in Turkey as an example. By presenting examples from both national and international sports teams, the growing number of migrant football players and their role in the capitalist economy is examined as it pertains to sport, as well as how they are treated within that system, economically and legally. The emigration of football players requires a social, economic, political and cultural evaluation. The article is focused on the rights and freedom, civilly and labor-wise, of emigrant football players who are brought to or come to Turkey..
Alexander's path from Caria to Cilicia
Excavations in Turkey 1981
Astragalus pseudopinetorum (Fabaceae), a new species from Turkey
The new life
IUFS Journal of biology
"A top-ranking Iranian military official is blown up while trying to defect to the West. An investigative journalist is arrested and imprisoned for writing an article critical of the Turkish government. An Iranian nuclear scientist is assassinated on the streets of Tehran. These three incidents, seemingly unrelated, have one crucial link. Each of the three had been recently recruited by Western intelligence, before being removed or killed.  Then Paul Wallinger, MI6's most senior agent in Turkey, dies in a puzzling plane crash. Fearing the worst, MI6 bypasses the usual protocol and brings disgraced agent Tom Kell in from the cold to investigate. Kell soon discovers what Wallinger had already begun to suspect--that there's a mole somewhere in the Western intelligence, a traitor who has been systematically sabotaging scores of joint intelligence operations in the Middle East. "--
Naval strategies in the Black Sea region
Out of the blue...fox
Revolt in the desert
Inferno
Asking for the hand of the girl : marriage arrangement discourse in Turkish culture
Turkey's southwest coast
Welcome to Turkey
The european clothing industry : meeting the competitive challenge
The making of modern Turkey
Birds without wings
The Ottoman empire from 1720 to 1734 as revealed in despatches of the Venetian baili
TURKEY ROAD MAP, WESTERN PART 1:1000000 [KARTTA-AINEISTO]
Moral qualities of space, historical consciousness and symbolic boundaries in the Beyoğlu District of Istanbul
A brief history of Turks
Lapp fur coats: clothing adaptation in a pastoral society
Almanac : a Turkish Daily News publication
Successful sustainable development in tourism : a case study of Side Pilot Project, Turkey
Turkish Coast : Bodrum to Marmaris
Venus and furs : The cultural politics of fur
Turkey : crossroads of civilization
The history of a potsherd from the Neolithic Age ... ' Cincik : the story of the Keban Dam
Turkish customs and traditions
On the surface; Çatalhöyük 1993-95
Turkey : [an official handbook]
How the fox got his color = Miten kettu sai värinsä : bilingual Finnish - English
The rise of Turkish nationalism 1876-1908
Diasporic relations and social exclusion : the case of Kurdish refugees in Finland
Arts in the age of Sinan
Cultural heritage of Turkey
Islam in modern Turkey : religion, politics and literature in a secular state
Men at arms. Armies of the ottoman turks 1300-1774
Turkish on the go!
The rough guide to Turkey
Eat Istanbul : a journey to the heart of Turkish cuisine
Alevi identity : papers read at conference held at the Swedish Research Institute in Istanbul, November 25-27, 1996
