http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20000 networking (making contacts)
networking (making contacts)
Networking in foreign trade : a case study of five SMEs from North Karelia, Finland
Efficient governance of interorganizational business relationships
Lifelong learning in the networked world : 21st ICDE World Conference on Open Learning & Distance Education, 18-21 February 2004, Hong Kong : abstracts
Information Technology, Globalization and Social Development
Finnish fandom of Japanese popular culture : what are the Finns doing for anime, manga, and J-rock?
Comparing networks
Production, development and innovation in inter-firm networks
Adopting agent technology in information sharing and networking
The main social media outlets used in business to business marketing : Case Study: Viexpo
Understanding media : the extensions of man
Networking of some middle school principals in Shanghai, China
Networking as a method of internationalisation within tour operators in Turku region
Ultimate guide to LinkedIn for business
Career networking : How to develop the right contacts to help you througout your working life
Never eat alone : and other secrets to success, one relationship at a time
The formation and management of a software outsourcing partnership : a case study
Perceived uncertainty, networking and export performance : study of Nordic SMEs
The Role of Networking in Weekly Program Production : Case RTG Active
Summary in Finnish.
Creating a global network strategy : A case study approach
Abstract.
"Perhaps more than any other library manager, Wolfram Neubauer has set new standards for the field with great success. Under his leadership, the ETH Library has earned a reputation as a modern and innovative service provider for science and has gained recognition as a leading international information facility. Colleagues from around the world honored Wolfram Neubauer with this Festschrift on the occasion of his 65th birthday"
Leadership networking: connect, collaborate, create
Invisible organisations : inter-firm organisational formation and form
The careerist : over 100 ways to get ahead at work
Internationalisation, networks and the Baltic Sea dimension
Getting yhe Customer involved in efficient ship  design
Developing the co-operation between Finnish football clubs, players' agents and players to increase transfer income
Community development and networking
Design, innovation, participation : proceedings and abstracts
Development of epileptogenic network alterations in rodent models of status epilepticus : role of the urokinase-type plasminogen activating system
An overview of the importance of conference networking in the glass industry : case Glass Performance Days
The Impact of social networks on tourism : a specific study of the Italian market
Networking as a tool of brand management in international sporting goods business : Case: Exel Sports Oy.
Future perfect : the case for progress in a networked age
Seeking competitive advantage : implications of clustering in the context of entrepreneurship : a case study of early stages of business agglomeration
Networking for people who hate networking: a field guide for introverts, the overwhelmed, and the underconnected
A Joosr guide to how to win friends and influence people by Dale Carnegie
Masters of the wired world : cyberspace speaks out
Networked publics
Show your work! : 10 ways to share your creativity and get discovered
"The increased use of LinkedIn by professionals and companies has nearly doubled since the first edition (from 150 to 300+ million users), causing LinkedIn to create, enhance, and retire several features. The second edition covers those latest advancements with revised, expanded, and new chapters"--
Network governance in network economics
One in a Million - Experimenting Entrepreneurship
How to make the network work in social media platforms : case : Glass Performance Days
Women's career development and the role of networks in the Finnish hotel industry
Video-mediated communication
The benefits of being a member of marketing communication agency networks for the advertising agencies
The Role of networking in weekly program producion : case Rtg active
Focused networkingTM : the eight principles of 21st century marketing
Blur : the speed of change in the connected economy
Networking, its use and development within bio business : a case study Turku Science Park
Survey of Finnish vendors serving the pharmaceutical industry : what is required for business success?
Business Networking – The Survival Guide helps you overcome all your fears and concerns. Start navigating the networking jungle like an expert as you build your confidence, raise your profile, create new connections, strengthen your support network and open up exciting new opportunities.
Prosessijohtamisen käsitteet = Terms and concepts in business process management
How to win friends and influence people in the digital age
Business networking, the survival guide : how to make networking less about stress and more about success
A business enabling network : a case study of a high-tech network : its concepts, elements and actors
The aim of this thesis is to provide the commissioner ZEF Ltd. with important points of considera-tion when entering the US market. The subject was agreed with the commissioner to support their business expansion abroad, and the desired results of this thesis will point out certain matters that may have gone unnoticed if it was not for this thesis. The purpose is to help ZEF have a suc-cessful market entry to the US. Mainly online sources were used for the theoretical background in order to ensure up-to-date information and practical approach. To support the knowledge provided by theory, a semi-structured interview covering all the four themes was conducted with Juho Risku, the co-founder and partner at Butterfly Ventures, due to his experience in operating a business in the US. The interview was used together with the theory to form a coherent knowledge base. The results show that ZEF needs to take into account each of the four themes introduced in this thesis. They should consider all the practicalities of establishing an office in a foreign country from entry strategies to market differences. After entering the country, the company needs to consider different ways of networking in order to establish relationships with business partners and cus-tomers. Also, ZEF needs to consider their marketing and sales operations, especially whether to use both inbound and outbound marketing, and whether their product is ready for the market or not. The final consideration is the arrangement of customer support, as customer support locating only in Finland is not going to be sufficient, and ZEF will face the need to recruit more employees in the US. This thesis was conducted when ZEF was not yet operating in the US. Therefore, as the situation and the companys plans may change during their US operations, further research could be done on each of the four themes or the situation as a whole. For example, continuously changing mar-keting methods can bring new research ideas, and the arrangement of customer support will face challenges as the US customer base grows bigger.
Abstract: Creating formula for successful entrepreneurial venture.
WHY? HOW? and WHO? : a study on life dynamics and experiences of 50+ people living with HIV/AIDS in Finland
Network strategy of an innovative SME - Hormos  Medical Corporation
Networking in universities : how universities can accept the challenge and take an active, formative role
Networked business consultancy as an enabler of the international  success of a SME
Internationalization pathways of family SMEs
Powerful networking
Top management forum : management renovation through networking in small and medium enterprises
Deepening the dimension : TUAS papers from the second CARPE networking conference in Manchester on 4-6 November 2013
Networking of Russian woman entrepreneurs
The importance of personal networking in information technology sector in silicon valley
Strategic marketing in small businesses : case: Big Agenda Coaching
An agile supply chain for a project-oriented steel product network
Network theory in the public sector : building new theoretical frameworks
Conflict resolution and peace building : the role of NGOs in historical reconciliation and territorial issues
Selling yourself to employers : the essential job-hunting guide
Sport beyond television : the internet, digital media and the rise of networked media sport
Finnish abstract: Verkostointitehokkuus. Case Kessu Oy.
The Joint Higher Education Library in Lahti : Confluencing for Academic Knowledge - Supporting the Development of Information Literacy from Upper Secondary School to Higher Education
Networks : the evolving aspects of culture in the 21st century / edited by Biserka Cvjetičanin
Consulting company’s opportunities to grow
Tiivistelmä: Creating formula for successful entrepreneurial venture.
The case of the GSM standard for mobile telecommunication : shaping technology as a means of transforming society
Entrepreneurial networking of small businesses in Latin-America : the case of Villa el Salvador in Peru
U.S. market entry strategy: case: DataPartner Software Company
Information, libraries, democracy: proceedings and abstracts
Viral marketing : get your audience to do your marketing for you
Electronic purchasing : e-sourcing
Thesis is made as an assignment from Finpro ry. The topic is based on Finpro's interest on networking as a method of internationalisation within tour operators in Turku region in Finland. The work can be divided into three sections. First, the overview on current theories on networking and internationalisation of services will be conducted. Second, by using semi-structured interviews as a research method, local tour operators were interviewed and their networking was explored. Third, by analysing the information gathered by interviews, results will be analysed and suggestions and recommendations will be given. Business networking as its best is sharing information, ideas and support between the members of the network. Studies have shown that old internationalisation models are still applied successfully, but in the same time studies are suggesting that there is a need for a new network based models of internationalisation. Networks are made up of three dimensions, actors that perform a set of activities by using sets of resources. Successful networking requires not only resources, but also most importantly motivation and engagement from its members. The research process of the thesis showed that networking helps tour operators to become more attainable, no matter which size the operator is. Previous experiences are highly valued and experiences are giving credibility and helps operators to find new customers and partners, also from outside the domestic markets. Networking can be used as bridges to better knowledge of the industry and its services. Networks are also used when seeking new projects and partners. Networking, when well planned and implemented, is a crucial factor on the road to a successful internationalisation process.
Proceedings of the 19th EDINEB Conference "The role of business education in a chaotic world" : 2-4 May 2012, Haarlem, The Netherlands, Hogeschool Inholland
This Bachelor's thesis concentrates on women's career development in the Finnish hotel industry and specifies the meaning of networks on women's work and career. The main objective of this qualitative research was to find out women's experiences about networks in their working lives and history as managers.     For this purpose, five female general managers from three different hotel chains were being interviewed about their career development and the role of networks in their career path. Interviews were conducted between November 2012 and January 2013.     The theoretical framework presents both ground theories as well as the latest researches about women's career development. Both career barriers and supporting factors of women's career advancement are being summarized. Overview of different aspects of networks is also included as well as examples of career development theories.    According to the research results networks are important supporting factors of women's career development but do not determine the success of the career alone. Women's networks turned out to be slightly more important in their daily work tasks than achieving management positions. In addition, networks seemed to become more important the higher the position was in the corporate hierarchy.     Although theories suggested that men's networks would make women's career development more challenging, according to the research results that was not detected in remarkable extent. In overall, the Finnish hotel industry seems to be favorable place to work for women.
In Reinventing Discovery, Michael Nielsen argues that we are living at the dawn of the most dramatic change in science in more than 300 years. This change is being driven by powerful new cognitive tools, enabled by the internet, which are greatly accelerating scientific discovery. There are many books about how the internet is changing business or the workplace or government. But this is the first book about something much more fundamental: how the internet is transforming the nature of our collective intelligence and how we understand the world. Reinventing Discovery tells the exciting story of an unprecedented new era of networked science. We learn, for example, how mathematicians in the Polymath Project are spontaneously coming together to collaborate online, tackling and rapidly demolishing previously unsolved problems. We learn how 250,000 amateur astronomers are working together in a project called Galaxy Zoo to understand the large-scale structure of the Universe, and how they are making astonishing discoveries, including an entirely new kind of galaxy. These efforts are just a small part of the larger story told in this book--the story of how scientists are using the internet to dramatically expand our problem-solving ability and increase our combined brainpower. This is a book for anyone who wants to understand how the online world is revolutionizing scientific discovery today--and why the revolution is just beginning.
Accelerated internationalisation as a network-based international opportunity development process
Intercultural and Interprofessional Environment in the Social and Health Care Higher Education at Lahti University of Applied Sciences
Like. Love. Follow. : the entreprenista's guide to using social media to grow your business
Partnerships for rural development
Reputation strategy and analytics in a hyper-connected world
LinkedIn top success secrets and best practices : LinkedIn experts share the world's greatest tips
Networking efficiency : Case Kessu Oy
Britain's urban boom : the new economics of cities
Networking like a pro : turning contacts into connections
Stakeholders' competence expectations for RDSS organization
Digital revolutions : activism in the Internet age
Operationalising the value of SME network resources
Sustaining the Hallyu : International Social Media Promotion and Buzz for South Korean Movies and Series
Internationalisation of Finnish SMEs to Russia: network ties and cultural perceptions in focus
Eat, drink & succeed : climb your way to the top using the networking power of social events
Webometric network analysis : mapping cooperation and geopolitical connections between local government administration on the web
Developing relationships in business networks
Building a Collaborative Network for Smooth Market Penetration for Finnish Bioenergy Companies in Africa : Case: MHG Systems Oy/Feedstock Optimum Ltd
Reinventing discovery : the new era of networked science
Networking - a tool for entering South East Asian markets : case Safeplast Oy Ltd
Proposal for an African network on integrated irrigation and aquaculture : proceedings of a workshop held in Accra, Ghana, 20-21 September 1999
Creating formula for successful entrepeneurial venture
COOPERATION BETWEEN ORGANIZATIONS AND THEIR SERVICES
The Impact of Social Networking at HAAGA-HELIA
Attainment and reflection : the role of social capital and regrets in developmental regulation
Knowledge works in the North - what networking and the Barents Region have to offer to Northern Finland
Cities and networking : the Baltic Sea Region : a report on the Interreg IIC project Urban Systems and Urban Networking in the Baltic Sea Region carried out by a team of project executives from the Baltic Sea Region
Co-operation and partnerships in tourism : a global perspective
Developing local democracy : the state and challenges of Finnish local democracy in the postmodern era
Stakeholders ́ competence expectations for RDSS organization
This bachelor thesis follows up the work of other theses already done for Glass Performance Days (GPD).  An overview of the importance of conference networking in the glass industry Case GPD, 2008 and Business to Business Marketing strategy on  social media, 2011. The aim of this thesis is to continue developing the strategy these two works have previously built, and study the possibilities for GPD's network through social media and their new site glassfiles.com, built as a webpage/social media communication platform for the glass industry experts. In this thesis, marketing strategies for GPD are discussed through several sources of information, literature, web materials and a survey. The objective is to define the opportunities of the new web page to help the glass industry professionals communicate and share their work on this online library. Glassfiles.com can offer much more than just documents or articles on glass, and it is the purpose of this thesis to state and define the possibilities of interaction between GPD and the web subscribers, registered members or visitors.    Business to business companies are moving towards social media, GPD has done it already by creating a Facebook page and a new site. In that sense there is the necessity of adapting the previous B-to-B structure to a more Client-to-Client platform with the business as a spectator. Defining and analyzing the tools for GPD to choose on how to influence the interaction between the professionals/experts on the glass industry will help GPD approach the client through social media.
Southern Finland - Estonia Interreg IIIA programme : final report (approved by the Commission 29.6.2011)
"Learning sustainability" : resite II
Connections : an introduction to the economics of networks
Branding yourself : how to use social media to invent or reinvent yourself
Co-operation and partnerships in tourism a global perspective : a global perspective
Networking smart : how to build relationships for personal and organizational success
Entrepreneurship : theory, networks, history
Management possibilities for interpersonal trust in a business network. Case: health-, exercise- and wellbeing markets
Taking over the management and ownership of a farm contributes positively to farm growth but little is known about how farmers succeed after the starting phase. We analysed how farmers that have recently started their farm enterprises are going to develop their farms and how do they differ from more experienced farmers in some key farm management areas. Data were collected by postal survey from farmers of the Salo region in South-Western Finland. Farmers were categorized into three different groups according to a combination of their age and experience. Farmers who were in the early phase of taking over a farm had better education and better networks than their older counterparts. Younger farmers considered their networks to be more important than did their senior colleagues. The early phase farmer group invested significantly more and had more liabilities than the other two groups. Moreover, early phase farmers were the most active at developing their farms. The late phase farmers were the least active, even when they knew they were going to transfer their farm to next generation within the next few years. Farms should be developed continuously in order to improve the viability of whole farming sector.
The Joint Higher Education Library in Lahti : Supporting the Development of Information Literacy from Upper Secondary School to Higher Education
Market entry to US : IT company ZEF Ltd
Expanding Business With Effective Networking
The cyber effect : a pioneering cyberpsychologist explains how human behavior changes online
Business networking for dummies
The Importance of Positioning and Networking in the Globalization Process of a Small-Sized Brand - Case: SabrinaTach
The role of networking in tourism companies ́ innovativeness
The engaged university : international perspectives on civic engagement
Debt counselling networks in Finland
Communicating the American way : a guide to U.S. business communications
Role and effectiveness of international trade shows for SME internationalization : from a network perspective
Better Networking among Craft Family Enterprises in Taizhou: Case: Taizhou Changhui Craft Co., Ltd
The reconstruction of social meaning in the space of flows
A learning perspective for managing service innovation process in a value network
How can CharterFinland Oy's network bus companies benefit from the companies partnership with the Global Passanger Network
Developing Events for the Polish-Finnish Association
Entrepreneurial network creation : using formal and informal relations of entrepreneurial team members in Russia and Finland
Enabling business networking within surbuban development
Networked governance, transnational business and the law
How to be great at the stuff you hate : the straight-talking guide to networking, persuading and selling
Rural tourism and sustainable business
Managing Professional Network - case: HämePro -network
How to win friends and influence people
International policy, networking of multiple actors in the UN environment : a case study of the CIS conference in 1994-1995
Building networks
Meganet : how the global communications network will connect everyone on earth
From one of the world's leading experts in cyberpsychology--a discipline that combines psychology, forensics, and technology--comes a groundbreaking exploration of the impact of technology on human behavior. In the first book of its kind, Mary Aiken applies her expertise in cyber-behavioral analysis to a range of subjects, including criminal activity on the Deep Web and Darknet; deviant behavior; Internet addictions; the impact of technology on the developing child; teenagers and the Web; cyber-romance and cyber-friendships; cyberchondria; the future of artificial intelligence; and the positive effects on our digital selves, such as online altruism.
Teaching networking : an interpersonal communication competence perspective
Teams, markets and systems : business innovation and information technology
"This popular title delivers an in-depth guide to targeting, reaching, and gaining ideal customers using the latest updates on LinkedIn. LinkedIn expert Ted Prodromou offers a wealth of no- or low-cost methods for maximizing this dynamic resource. Following his lead, readers learn to link with the most effective connections for greater exposure. Updates in this edition include: staying up-to-date with LinkedIn Contacts, Pulse, and Publisher programs; expansion of premium accounts to help optimize business profiles, stand out in search results, and track impact; t how to implement new features like Showcase and Company Updates pages for extended presence in newsfeeds and with followers; smarter LinkedIn Search that saves time and money with customized, comprehensive results. Other important topics covered include: techniques and tips to easily navigate LinkedIn's interface; timesaving tips on finding and matching data from businesses and people; expert guidance on super-charging a business or individual profile; insider advice on getting found through LinkedIn and maximizing search; professional instruction on promoting a LinkedIn profile. The latest information is illustrated with current snapshots, fresh examples, and case studies, along with new techniques to easily maneuver LinkedIn's interface"--
Journalism in the age of the net : changing society, changing profession
Practice future : creating an open innovation business and students network
Ailonet Residential Gateway and the U.S. home networking market : innovation adoption based analysis
ETEN Conference 2009
Social networks and networking facilitating internationalization : Experiences of two Finnish fashion companies
LinkedIn for dummies
INTERGRATION TO FINNISH SOCIETY THROUGH ENTREPRENEURSHIP STUDIES OF BUSINESS FACTORY : CASE STUDY : HILINA GIZAW
Masters of networking : building relationships for your pocketbook and soul
The development and management of interpersonal trust in a business network in health, exercise, and wellbeing markets
Strategic objectives and development plans of beginning farmers
Building successful virtual teams
Design through digital interaction : computing communications and collaboration on design
Coded cultures : creative practices out of diversity
Employees' mutual networking : exploring communication sources
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
Creating a foundation for international alumni networks in the finnish universities  of applied sciences : case: JAMK University of Applied Sciences
Facebook for grown-ups
Momentum : igniting social change in the connected age
ROI of social media : how to improve the return on your social marketing investment
The importance of emotions in business markets : Ways to improve business relationships with emotional experience
Systematic networking : a guide for personal and corporate success
Automaatio 2001 : seminaaripäivät 4.-6.9.2001 Helsingin Messukeskus : Automaatio verkostuvassa maailmassa - Navigation in the new automation
The internationalisation of a company and the utilisation of public networks
The will to lead : running a business with a network of
Interact or die! / [editorial team: Joke Brouwer, Arjen Mulder]
Cooperative and networking strategies in small business
