http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20026 Turku Castle
Turku Castle
Kuusisto castle - stratigraphical problems regarding innerstructural of medieval walls
Interpreting the stones : Turku castle as a narrative space
Plant remains of Medieval Åbo Castle : studied by archaeobotanical and statistical methods
The Vasa dynasty and the Baltic region : politics, religion and culture 1560-1660 : a symposium at Kalmar Castle, February 4-6 2000
The shaping of art history in Finland
Åbo castle
A living remnant from the dawn of Finnish history
[The castle of Turku].
Medieval outer baileys in Finland : with special reference to Turku Castle
This Thesis is based on the medieval event held in Turku from June 25 to June 28, 2009. The idea for this thesis came during a work period at Wäinö Aaltonen museum in October 2008. The Thesis presents the reader with an example of producing a large scale event from the perception of the project team responsible for the organization of the happening. The point of the work is to show how the theory of project planning, organization and marketing (product, price, place promotion) fits into a practical example of a happening. The structure of the thesis follows the standard formula of event creation found in many practical guides. It tries to maintain a chronological order but compromises have been made at different points when needed to keep clearness for the reader. Most of the data in the thesis are personal notes and details collected during the project's creation. Theoretical material used for the thesis lean towards books, personal knowledge on the subject and Turku University of Applied Sciences course materials. The frame of reference material was limited to event organization to avoid overextending the theory basis. None the less Event organization in itself loans a lot of from other theories like business management, marketing, finances making the “sources” quite wide. Because of this theoretical literature is quite varied at times. The Thesis was started with assembling all the notes and data about the event and then by creating a coherent structure to it. It was written step by step supported by the existing theory available. Some of the work for the thesis was done already during the planning process for the event, for example the market research, customer surveys and their analyses. The most important finding in the thesis is that the event did actually not follow such a rigid set of rules defined by the theory associated to the subject. In many cases the standard procedures of event organization were not followed. Further quantitative research should be conducted to make any definite conclusions on this finding. As a note to the reader this thesis is not a practical guide how to stage an event, but should be considered as additional reading material for someone interested on the subject. By giving example on how the theory is implemented into practise it hopes to enlighten the subject.
Landscapes of Finland
Turun linna ; Åbo slott ; The castle of Åbo
Turku Castle : guide to the Main Castle
The castle of Åbo
Architecture (From the reformation to the Great Northern war)
The year of reading dangerously : how fifty great books (and two not-so-great ones) saved my life
The architect Jac. Ahrenberg and studies on Turku castle at the turn of the 20th century / Anna Ripatti
Ruins and dream images - restoring castles in fin-de-siècle Finland
Turku Castle : guide to the main castle
Turku on a plate : ten gourmet restaurants by the River Aura
C. W. Gyldénin kaupunkikartat 1:3200-1:10000 vuosilta 1837-1843 näköispainoksina = C. W. Gyldéns stadskartor 1:3200-1:10000 från åren 1837-1843 i faksimiltryck = Plans for the towns in Finland to scales 1:3200-1:10000 published by C. W. Gyldén during 1837-1843, facsimile editions
The architect Jac. Ahrenberg and studies on Turku castle at the turn of the 20th century
Turku castle : a tour of the stronghold : a short guide
The quality project in Finnish libraries
Turun ympäristötaideprojektin teokset : 14 kohdetta kaupunkikuvassa = Åbo miljökonstprojekts konstverk : 14 objekt i stadsbilden = Environmental art works in Turku : 14 objects in the cityspace
Suomen vanhat linnat = the castles of Finland
C. W. Gyldénin kaupunkikartat 1:3200-1:10000 vuosilta 1837-1843 näköispainoksina : C. W. Gyldéns stadskartor 1:3200-1:10000 från åren 1837-1843 i faksimiltryck = Plans for the towns in Finland to scales 1:3200-1:10000 published by C. W. Gyldén during 1837-1843, facsimile editions
Deterioration in the quality of ground water in some municipal water supply plants
Turku castle : a guide through the bailey
Turku castle : A tour of the stronghold : A short guide
Planning and organizing an event : case medieval Turku Castle event
Architecture (The Middle Ages)
Ruins and dream images - restoring castles in fin-de-siècle Finland / Anna Ripatti
