http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20096 migration period
migration period
Cemeteries of the Avar period (567-829) in Hungary. Vol. 2, Avar cemeteries in county Baranya
Migration art A.D. 300-800
Arheologiâ meri : k predystorii Severo-Vostocnoj Rusi = The archaeology of the merya : the early history of north-eastern Russia
Cemeteries of the Avar period (567-829) in Hungary. Vol. 1, Avar finds in the Hungarian National Museum
The inhumation boat graves of vendel period Sweden : new approaches and perspectives
The fall of the Roman Empire and the beginning of what we call the Middle Ages was a period of tremendous change and upheaval in Europe and Byzantium. Focusing on these pivotal five centuries in European history, this wide-ranging study features essays by an international team of distinguished scholars. Their essays survey the most significant aspects of the transition from late Antiquity to the early Middle Ages: the later Roman empire, the barbarian successor states, estates and property, wealth and treasure, production and distribution, death and burial rites, cult and worship, and the transmission of ideas. The essays are accompanied by six shorter chapters based on related exhibitions in museums throughout Europe during 1997, with themes ranging from Roman villas to Scandinavian gold brooches, Byzantine burial practices to medieval Dutch hoards. Handsomely illustrated in both color and black and white, the book also contains a helpful glossary and gazetteer of principal place names.
The migration style of ornament in Norway : catalogue of the exhibition of Norwegian jewellery from the migration period
Gold finds of the migration period in the Hungarian National Museum
Nomads, northmen and slavs : eastern Europe in the ninth century
Empires and barbarians : the fall of Rome and the birth of Europe
Paths towards a stratified society : a study of economic, cultural and social formations in south-west Sweden during the Roman iron age and the migration period
The Birka chamber-graves : economic and social aspects. An analysis based on quantitative methods
Vallhagar : a migration period settlement on Gotland, Sweden
Ostrogothic coinage from collections in Croatia, Slovenia and Bosnia & Herzegovina
The Hungarians cross the Carpathians
The Westland cauldrons in Norway
Vallhagar : a migration period settlement on Gotland/Sweden. 2, [Analysis]
From Samland to Rogaland : East-West connections in the Baltic basin during the Early Migration Period
The Vandals
A gilded relief brooch of the migration period from Finnish Lapland
Iron Age myth and materiality : an archaeology of Scandinavia, AD 400-1000
Norway
Ullandhaug : an Early Iron Age farm
Vallhagar : a migration period settlement on Gotland/Sweden. 1, [Excavation reports]
Central places in the Migration and Merovingian periods : papers from the 52nd Sachsensymposium, Lund, August 2001
The migration period, pre-viking age, and viking age in Estonia
The Högom find and other migration period textiles and costumes in Scandinavia : Högom Part II
Excavations at Helgö. 14, Cemetery 118 and building group 7 and Cemetery 115
Ancient Europe 8000 B.C. to A.D. 1000 : an encyclopedia of the Barbarian world. Vol. 2, Bronze Age to Early Middle Ages : (c. 3000 b.C. - A.D. 1000)
The Iron Age settlement of arctic Norway : a study in the expansion of European Iron Age culture within the Arctic Circle. 1, Early Iron Age : Roman and migration periods
The millennium between the breakup of the western Roman Empire and the Reformation was a long and hugely transformative period--one not easily chronicled within the scope of a few hundred pages. Yet distinguished historian Chris Wickham has taken up the challenge in this landmark book, and he succeeds in producing the most riveting account of medieval Europe in a generation. Tracking the entire sweep of the Middle Ages across Europe, Wickham focuses on important changes century by century, including such pivotal crises and moments as the fall of the western Roman Empire, Charlemagne's reforms, the feudal revolution, the challenge of heresy, the destruction of the Byzantine Empire, the rebuilding of late medieval states, and the appalling devastation of the Black Death. He provides illuminating vignettes that underscore how shifting social, economic, and political circumstances affected individual lives and international events. Wickham offers both a new conception of Europe's medieval period and a provocative revision of exactly how and why the Middle Ages matter.
Lapps and Scandinavians : archaeological finds from northern Sweden
Classical impulses in Scandinavian art from the migration period to the Viking age
The image of Loki from Proosa in Estonia : a Migration Period high status buckle with an elevated circular fastening plate in the light of similar buckles recovered in Scandinavia
The Pontic-Danubian realm in the period of the Great Migration
The continental Saxons from the migration period to the tenth century : an ethnographic perspective
The end of Roman Britain
Vendel period bracteates on Gotland : on the significance of Germanic art
"Here is a fresh, provocative look at how a recognizable Europe came into being in the first millennium AD. With sharp analytic insight, Peter Heather explores the dynamics of migration and social and economic interaction that changed two vastly different worlds--the undeveloped barbarian world and the sophisticated Roman Empire--into remarkably similar societies and states. The book's vivid narrative begins at the time of Christ, when the Mediterranean circle, newly united under the Romans, hosted a politically sophisticated, economically advanced, and culturally developed civilization--one with philosophy, banking, professional armies, literature, stunning architecture, even garbage collection. The rest of Europe, meanwhile, was home to subsistence farmers living in small groups, dominated largely by Germanic speakers. Although having some iron tools and weapons, these mostly illiterate peoples worked mainly in wood and never built in stone. The farther east one went, the simpler it became: fewer iron tools and ever less productive economies. And yet ten centuries later, from the Atlantic to the Urals, the European world had turned. Slavic speakers had largely superseded Germanic speakers in central and Eastern Europe, literacy was growing, Christianity had spread, and most fundamentally, Mediterranean supremacy was broken. The emergence of larger and stronger states in the north and east had, by the year 1000, brought patterns of human organization into much greater homogeneity across the continent. Barbarian Europe was barbarian no longer. Bringing the whole of first millennium European history together for the first time, and challenging current arguments that migration played but a tiny role in this unfolding narrative, Empires and Barbarians views the destruction of the ancient world order in the light of modern migration and globalization patterns. The result is a compelling, nuanced, and integrated view of how the foundations of modern Europe were laid"--Provided by publisher.
Encyclopedia of barbarian Europe : society in transformation
The making of kingdoms : papers from the 47th Sachsensymposium, York, September 1996
History of footwear in Norway, Sweden and Finland : prehistory to 1950
Peregrinatio Gothica III : Fredrikstad, Norway, 1991
Foreigners in early Medieval Europe : thirteen international studies on early Medieval mobility
"At the start of the first millennium AD, southern and western Europe formed part of the Mediterranean-based Roman Empire, the largest state western Eurasia has ever known, and was set firmly on a trajectory towards towns, writing, mosaics, and central heating. Central, northern and eastern Europe was home to subsistence farmers, living in wooden houses with mud floors, whose largest political units weighed in at no more than a few thousand people. By the year 1000, Mediterranean domination of the European landscape had been destroyed. Instead of one huge Empire facing loosely organized subsistence farmers, Europe - from the Atlantic almost to the Urals - was home to an interacting commonwealth of Christian states, many of which are still with us today. This book tells the story of the transformations which changed western Eurasia forever: of the birth of Europe itself"--Provided by publisher.
The West Finnish warriors and the early Svea Kingship in the Merovingian period (AD 550-800)
The migration period in the finnish inland : cultural relations between the populations when pottery making came to an end?
The migration style of ornament in Norway
The Scandinavian relief brooches of the migration period : an attempt at a new classification
Roman gold and the development of the early Germanic kingdoms : aspects of technical, socio-political, socio-economic, artistic and intellectual development, A. D. 1-550 : symposium in Stockholm 14-16 November 1997
The transformation of the Roman world AD 400-900
The fifth-century invasions south of the Thames
Excavations at Helgö. 13, Cemetery 116
The Anglo-Saxons in England : during the early centuries after the invasion
The art of the Migration period
Vallhagar : a migration period settlement on Gotland/Sweden
Aspects of gender identity and craft production in the European migration period : iron weaving beaters and associated textile making tools from England, Norway and Alamannia
