http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20070 performances (administration)
performances (administration)
The management of performance in libraries and museums : a guide to staff
Performance indicators for the front end of innovation
National control strategy for fisheries in Finland
The impact of performance-based CEO compensation on company performance and valuation : a study of Finnish stock listed “new economy” companies
Library performance indicators and library management tools
Expatriate performance management : the case of Nokia Telecommunications
Information and documentation. Performance indicators for national libraries = Information et documentation. Indicateurs de performance des bibliothèques nationales
Managing and measuring social enterprises
Action research for improved performance and quality of working life in Finnish municipal service organizations : a project description
The objective of the thesis was to identify employees' work load and to examine the level of work motivation in Panalpina AB Filial I Finland, a Finnish forwarding company. In addition, the aim was to find out factors that may have an influence on employees' motivation in their daily work. The Finnish case company is going more multi-cultural with a global customer base steadily increasing. New international customers are acquired and shipping orders from all over the world are being placed with the company. The Finnish Panalpina branch was founded in 1995. Even though it has been in operation for more than 10 years already, the Finland-based branch is still quite a new company in the Finnish forwarding industry. The level of service has been recognized by many corporations in Finland, which in turn means new development opportunities for the case company, but also big challenges for the staff. The context of the thesis discusses the level of work motivation in various departments and presents the current situation in the company and it also explores major factors affecting employee work motivation in general. The theoretical framework is based on theories on management, personnel management and organization behavior, i.e. subjects directly related to the topic. The scope of study is limited to the Panalpina AB Filial I Finland. The study utilized quantitative and qualitative research methods. The personal interview was considered a necessary instrument to identify new innovation and improvement in management within the company. In order to achieve high validity and reliability, the designed questionnaire was used for all the employees, and data was analyzed in accordance with different criteria, in order to counteract any deficiency in research method. The empirical process was implemented from mid May to mid June 2008. Due to the sensitivity of the issue at hand, the results of the study are kept confidential. The results obtained indicate that most of employees are satisfied with their work. However, a certain unbalance in daily work duties could be noticed. Feedback and communication channels, training opportunities, rewards and work facilities also to some extent affect the level of satisfaction at work.
Strategies and performance of the world's leading forest industry companies
Operators' creative tension and shift performance
Information and documentation : library performance indicators : indicateurs de performance des bibliothèques = Information et documentation
Market timing ability of finnish stock broker firms
Designing performance appraisal systems : aligning appraisals and organizational realities
Performance measurement of a road network : a conceptual and technological approach for Estonia
Rethinking performance measurement : beyond the balanced scorecard
Does the choice between bank loans and bonds affect firm performance? : evidence from the Russian Federation
Corporate governance in Germany and France : the effect on company’s performance and valuation
Forced ranking : making performance management work
Senior high school of space in China : a study of spatial utilisation in examination oriented Chinese senior high schools
Key performance indicators : the 75 measures every manager needs to know
Information and documentation : library performance indicators = Information et documentation : indicateurs de performance des bibliothèques
Employee satisfaction and motivation in forwarding business: a case study of Panalpina AB Filial Ι Finland
EQLIPSE : evaluation and quality in library performance, system for Europe
The impact of institutional ownership on firm valuation and performance : Finnish evidence
Helping low achievers succeed at mathematics
