http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20094 family businesses
family businesses family-owned business enterprises
A monograph that offers a model and examples of relevant relationships to show how the complexity of family entrepreneurship could be disentangled in order to generate interesting research questions.
Food wars : Shokugeki no soma. 9. Diamond generation
Food wars! : Shokugeki no soma. 1 : Endless wilderness
Family business dynamics
Theoretical developments and future research in family business
The paradox of sustainable development : a conceptual framework for sustainability-driven family entrepreneurship from socio-emotional wealth perspective
The role of family in family business : research forum proceedings
Succession in Family Business
Night diver
The successful family business : a proactive plan for managing the family and the business
McIlhenny ́s gold : how a Louisiana family built the Tabasco empire
The next generation abilities in responsible ownership
Longitudinal approach to publicly held and privately owned family businesses : a financial analysis
Family firms in the wind of change : research forum proceedings
Long-term horizons for Russian family firms : individual, organizational, cultural, and environmental factors
EO and familiness - leveraging entrepreneurial performance drivers for transgenerational wealth creation : case Tulikivi oyj
Food wars! : Shokugeki no soma. 5 : The dancing chefs
Alfons Håkans : a family business
Understanding family firms : case studies on the management of crises, uncertainty and change
Family business management : concepts and practice
Electronic journal of family business studies
Working papers on family business research 2004-2006
This book catalogues the 215 most-cited empirical, theoretical and practical articles on family business published in 33 journals since 1996.
Innovation in small family businesses
You don't have to be evil to work here, but it helps
Family ́s Collective Motivation to Business Ownership : A Review of Alternative Theoretical Approaches
Internationalization and small business management in Northern Denmark
1 Introduction 2 Culture, structure, leadership, business goals, orientation and innovation 3 Characteristics and factors affecting innovation in family firms 4 Process of innovation in small family businesses 5 Conclusion.
Adopting entrepreneurial spirit : a study in the family business context
Winning : the answers : confronting 74 of the toughest questions in business today
Food wars! : Shokugeki no soma. 6 : Memories of battle
Entrepreneurship and family ownership - co-creating sustainable wealth
The third dimension of changes during FOB succession : psychological change
The family business on the couch : a psychodynamic-systems perspective
Special Issue on the Finnish Family Firms: The Annual Survey of the Finnish Family Firms' Association
Financing of Family and  Non-Family Enterprises:  Is It Really Different?
Barbershop
Business opportunity discovery in small family firms
Gender, identity and the culture of organizations
The challenge faced by family businesses and their stakeholders, is to recognise the issues that they face, understand how to develop strategies to address them and more importantly, to create narratives, or family stories that explain the emotional dimension of the issues to the family. The most intractable family business issues are not the business problems the organisation faces, but the emotional issues that compound them. Applying psychodynamic concepts will help to explain behaviour and will enable the family to prepare for life cycle transitions and other issues that may arise. Here is a new understanding and a broader perspective on the human dynamics of family firms with two complementary frameworks, psychodynamic and family systematic, to help make sense of family run organisations. Although this book includes a conceptual section, it is first and foremost a practical book about the real world issues faced by business families. The book begins by demonstrating that many years of achievement through generations can be destroyed by the next, if the family fails to address the psychological issues they face. By exploring cases from famous and less well known family businesses across the world, the authors discuss entrepreneurs, the entrepreneurial family and the lifecycles of the individual and the organisation. They go on to show how companies going through change and transition can avoid the pitfalls that endanger both family and company. The authors then apply tools that will help family businesses in transition and offer their analyses and conclusions. Readers should draw their own conclusions from careful examination of the cases, identifying the problems or dilemmas faced and the options for improved business performance and family relationships. They should ask what they might have done in the given situation and what new insight into individual or family behaviour each case offers. The goal is to avoid a bitter ending.
Family Business Succession in Practice : Case: Accounting Firm Ltd.
Family company performance in the Finnish stock markets
International joint venturing : understanding entry to Chinese market area through cultural dimension analysis and network theory
Discussion papers on family business and ownership research
Study of non-family executives in Chinese family firms
The best family business case study in progress - Winner of the 2008 EJFBS student's case study competition: Family business as a platform for growth venturing? The family influence on growth venture goal-setting
The family ownership and firm performance in China : evidence from Shenzhen stock exchange
The landscape of family business
The family in business : understanding and dealing with the challenges entrepreneurial families face
Love, power & money : family business between generations
What Is a Business Family?
The role of formal institutions on the longevity of family-owned businesses in Finland
Entrepreneurial orientation and growth relationship in the context of exporting Finnish family firms
Working with the ones you love : strategies for a successful family business
The characteristics of family business founders and successors : a literature review
The Spellman files
The Ravenscar dynasty
The secret
Family ownership and firm performance : evidence from the NASDAQ OMX Helsinki
Dynamics of family business : the Chinese way
Internationalization pathways of family SMEs
Consulting family business succession : the banking industry approach
The next generations commitment and willingness to continue family firms: Reflecting potential successors' experiences and pondering
A hellion in her bed
Dimensions and implications of ownership in the family business
Building value-based family enterprise culture : a family perspective
Food wars! : Shokugeki no soma. 11. The sun always rises
"New Arcadia is a city-sized oil rig off the coast of the Canadian Maritimes, now owned by one very wealthy, powerful, byzantine family: Lynch Ltd. Hwa is of the few people in her community to forgo bio-engineered enhancements, but her expertise in the arts of self-defense and her record as a fighter mean that her services are yet in high demand. When the youngest Lynch needs training and protection, the family turns to Hwa. But can even she protect against increasingly intense death threats seemingly coming from another timeline? Meanwhile, a series of interconnected murders threatens the city's stability and heightens the unease of a rig turning over. All signs point to a nearly invisible serial killer, but all of the murders seem to lead right back to Hwa's front door. Company Town has never been the safest place to be - but now, the danger is personal" --
Company Town
Family business
Awareness of "ownership succession" and family business continuity
Towards better academic research-based education in family business : a cross-national comparison of advanced teaching and learning practices
Chicken or egg? : exploring the connection between psychological ownership and entrepreneurial drive
Food wars : Shokugeki no soma. 8. Pour your heart into it
Resource based view for family business : suitability for family businesses
Dimensions on family business research. Vol. 1, Values and responsible ownership
Flowers for the judge
Building family business champions
Growth willingness in small firms : entrepreneurship - and after?
Food wars! : Shokugeki no soma. 7 : Wolf pack
Family entrepreneurship : a developing field
How publicly quoted family business organizational behavior reflects financial crisis : a content analysis of the annual reports from 2008 to 2011
Family business internationalization opportunities and obstacles from an entrepreneur's perspective : a case study of the creative industry
Governance in immigrant family businesses : enterprise, ethnicity and family dynamics
Understanding family shareholders in family firms : an exploration of the role of family dynamics in the development of family shareholders' behaviours
Parties' mutual self-knowledge and successful succession : case example
2010 VOLUME 4, NUMBER 1 (The entire issue) : Special Issue on Social Capital
Food wars! : Shokugeki no soma. 4 : Resemblances
Holistic guiding and counselling in entrepreneurial competencies for students coming from business families
Small family businesses as a resource for the Finnish economy
Next generation capabilities in responsible ownership
The internationalization processes and strategies of Finnish family firms
Epilogue : family business corporate identity - a reflection of family
Family business studies : an annotated bibliography
Ownership in family business : a trans-generational perspective
The family business answer book
Other people's money
Entrepreneurship in family business : cases from China
Understanding Family Dynasty: Nurturing the Corporate Identity across Generations
Women behind the Scenes in Family Businesses
Food wars! : Shokugeki no soma. 3, The perfect resette
Family business founder : a literature review
Family business governance as a tool for transgenerational value creation
Anxiety as a self-reported phenomenon : exploring family business owner-entrepreneurs quality of life
The Stoy Hayward guide to the family business
Internationalization process of family firms : reasons, networks and obstacles
Non-family Executives in Family Businesses : a Literature Review
A content analysis on family firms' association annual questionnaire
Family wars : classic conflicts in family business and how to deal with them
Samenvatting (summary)
The Accumulation Process of Knowledge in Family Firms
Family business classification in the Czech Republic
SME`s growth and open innovation : tackling SME`s family business growth challenges with open innovation
Small business and entrepreneurship : volume II
Family business review
Family entrepreneurship : family enterprises as the engines of continuity renewal and growth-intensiveness
Situated meaning : inside and outside in Japanese self, society, and language
The Value Creation Process in Family Firms. A Dynamic Capabilities Approach
Tax and financial planning for family businesses
Better Networking among Craft Family Enterprises in Taizhou: Case: Taizhou Changhui Craft Co., Ltd
"When Orhan's brilliant and eccentric grandfather, who built a dynasty out of making kilim rugs, is found dead in a vat of dye, Orhan inherits the decades-old business. But his grandfather's will raises more questions than it answers. Kemal has left the family estate to a stranger thousands of miles away, an aging woman in a retirement home in Los Angeles. Her existence and secrecy about her past only deepen the mystery of why Orhan's grandfather would have left their home to this woman rather than to his own family"--Dust jacket.
The steep approach to Garbadale
Splitting heirs - divorce planning and pre-nuptial agreements for family business in Ireland
Brick by brick : how LEGO rewrote the rules of innovation and conquered the global toy industry
Family knowledge in small family business innovation management
Construction of the entrepreneurial identity in the family business context : a cross-cultural study
Entrepreneurship
Statictical assessment research of family business populations in Finland
Food wars! : Shokugeki no soma. 2 : Ice queen and the Spring storm
Credibility-it's elemental to business leadership.You can't lead without it. For successors in familybusinesses, establishing credibility can be their greatest challenge. Growing up in the shadows of their predecessors' successes makes it difficult for successors in family businesses to establish themselves and use their gifts to lead.To lead storied family businesses, successors build credibility the hard way - just like their parents did: they earn it. However, they may face the more formidable challenge of winning over those loyal to another leader and another way of doing business. They also live with the pressure of leading something that has already been successful. In ground-breaking research, Andrew Keyt interviewed more than 25 successors of family business legends, including Massimo Ferragamo (Salvatore Ferragamo), John Burke (Trek), Bill Wrigley Jr. (The Wrigley Companies), Christie Hefner (Playboy Enterprises), John Tyson (Tyson Foods) and Dick Devos (Amway). The insights and analysis from the study form the basis for the key insights on how successors overcome the obstaclesto credibility and build on what the legends created.
Internationalization of family-controlled SMEs from the process, network and socioemotional wealth perspectives
Preparation of a plan for the next five years for Rauma Carpet Oy
A study of emotions in the family business succession
Family entrepreneurship in a retail chain : the grocer's household-enterprise complex
Generational value shift in the Sinebrychoff family : A studyof late-empire Russian capitalists
A review and annotated bibliography of family business studies
The hotel on Mulberry Bay
The characteristics of succession in family firms : succession in the context of the textile, clothing, leather and shoe industry
Innovation in luxury fashion family business : Processes and products innovation as a means of growth
Re-establishing traditional Czech family businesses : "what challenges do they face at presence?" : (a multiple case study)
Zaibatsu : the rise and fall of the family enterprise groups in Japan
'Mine' or 'ours'? : perspectives on psychological ownership in family firms
The preparation of the successor in a family firm
Branding a family business
The Rothschilds : a family portrait
Success and survival in the family-owned business
The family business : its governance for sustainability
Succession planning process in family business
Resource-management after family business succession : viewing firm resources through unified systems perspective
Sustainable welfare in a regional context
The concept of the good in the context of family entrepreneurship culture : entre-pology of Russian family-owned businesses
Challenges of a small family owned growth company : case Kotimaailma Apartments
"Doing inspires".
Intuition and entrepreneurs : a phenomenological study of managerial intuition of Finnish family entrepreneurs
Management succession in family-controlled hotels
Epilogue : family business values as reflections of responsible ownership - a neoinstitutional perspective
The strategic renewal of a family business after succession in the context of the textile and clothing industry - an ownership and business perspective
To enter or not to enter is not the question : a qualitative inquiry into the career experiences of next generation family members
Myths and mortals : family business leadership and succession planning
How does family ownership affect firm's performance?
New Asian emperors : the business strategies of the overseas Chinese
Unexpected Generation Change Influencing the Change in Management Style Case Ränssin Kievari
Food wars : Shokugeki no soma. 10. Conditions for battle
Heirs of Ravenscar
Hospitality leadership lessons in French gastronomy : the story of Guy and Franck Savoy
A large number of family businesses operate in the luxury fashion sector, which shows their importance as a source of growth, development and social and economic stability. Innovation in Luxury Fashion Family Business analyses how a strategy of innovation in terms of products and processes can offer a competitive advantage to large and medium-sized family businesses operating in the industry. The book offers a business model for companies in order to manage such strategies of innovation efficiently and effectively, as well as for the purpose of educating customers to appreciate more innovative products.
Orhan's inheritance : a novel
