http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20059 reinforcements (material)
reinforcements (material)
Handbook of reinforcements for plastics
The reinforced plastics handbook
Fibreglass boats : fitting out, maintenance and repair
Building a fiberglass boat
The Blue Gee glassfibre and epoxy wood book
Static strength characteristics of mechanical joints in GFRP laminates
The Fibreglass manual : a practical guide to the use of reinforced plastics
Compression molding
Introduction to composite materials design
A comparison of FRP-sandwich penetrating impact test methods
The glassfibre handbook
Non-resorbable glass fibre-reinforced composite with porous surface as bone substitute material : experimental studies in vitro and in vivo focused on bone-implant interface
Futuro no. 001 : documentation and evaluation of preservation needs
Plastic product material and process selection handbook
Mervento 3.6-118 recycling rate
Design with reinforced plastics : a guide for engineers and designers
Fitting out a fibreglass hull
Abstract: Futuro no. 001 : Documentation and evaluation of preservation need. The purpose of this study was to document and evaluate the need for preservation of the plastic house called Futuro. For this purpose, a survey of condition was done, illustrated with damage mapping. The damage mapping helps to localize the damages and perceive the extent of the deterioration. Finally, a preliminary guideline for future possible conservation measures was drafted.  The documentation was carried out in writing and with photographs. Panoramic pictures of every room were digitally stitched together to enable the 360째 rotational view. The condition survey was done in writing and drawing, observing the house visually. The evaluation of the preservation need was done considering Futuro's history, image, rareness and attractiveness.  The documentation of Futuro house no. 001 design, technology, materials and damages is now compiled in one study. Its damages have been noted down and and analysed. The house was estimated to be in surprisingly good condition. It has not been in constant use nor in regular maintenance. Preliminary recommendations for future possible conservation acts were given.  The Futuro house was considered to have architectural and cultural value and its preservation should be safeguarded for the future generations. There are only three other Futuros known to exist in Finland. The fact that Futuro no. 001 is the first Futuro ever made after manufacturing the prototype in the 1968 makes it even more valuable. It has also remained in its very authentic state.
Holding it all together : ancient and modern approaches to joining, repair and consolidation
Deposition of ureidopropyltrimethoxy silane from aqueous and organic solutions onto E-glass fibres
Rock & soil reinforcement : talking technically, case studies, product specifications
Fatigue in composites : science and technology of the fatigue response of fibre-reinforced plastics
Fitting out your boat : in fibreglass or wood
Plastics. 1, Terminology and symbols, plastics in general, reinforced plastics
Abstract: Nondestructive testing of adhesive joints between reinforced plastics and metals.
Glass-fibre boat repair
Alkoxysilanes and the consolidation of stone
Mervento 3.6-118 Recycling Rate
How to repair plastic bodywork : practical, money-saving techniques for cars, motorcycles, trucks, ATVs, and snowmobiles
In many areas of the world, finding the type of timber needed to build a good quality wooden boat is becoming a problem. As a result, Fiberglass Reinforced Plastic (FRP) is beginning to be used by many wooden boat builders. The information provided in this manual relates specifically to production of a 4.5 m open fishing boat called the MDV- 1. The boat is intended for both rowing and power propulsion. Its general-purpose design is suitable for inshore waters around the world. A general basic knowledge in the use of FRP as a boatbuilding material is presented and step by step construction of a 4.5 m open fishing boat using FRP is set out in detail. In addition, the booklet describes how to maintain an FRP boat and how to recognize fatigue problems. Some simple guidelines on how to repair minor damage to FRP are also included. The information is intended for less experienced boatbuilders who already have a plug or mould. This manual will also be a useful aid for maintaining and improving quality control practiced by boatbuilders who already have some experience working with this material.--Publisher's description.
Glass fibre yachts : improvement and repair
Composite materials technology : processes and properties
Studies on polymer matrices of dental fibre-reinforced composites : release of residual methyl methacrylate, water sorption and solubility
Filled polymers : science and industrial applications
Composite materials : engineering and science
Handbook of composite fabrication
The fibreglass boat repair manual
Crashworthiness of composite thin-walled structural components
Fiberglass & other composite materials : an guide to high performance non-metallic materials for race cars, street rods, body shops, boats and aircraft
Canoe building : in glass reinforced plastic
The Adlard Coles book of hull & deck repair
Reinforcement of the edge of a steep-sloped pavement : HVS-Nordic Heavy Vehicle Simulator test structures
Unidirectional fiber-reinforced composite as an oral implant abutment material : experimental studies of E-glass fiber/BisGMA-TEGDMA polymer in vitro
Fibre-reinforced denture base polymer : clinical performance and mechanical properties
Fibre reinforced materials
Modern boat maintenance
Handbook of polypropylene and polypropylene composites
Use of fiber-reinforced composite framework and thermochromic pigment in facial prostheses
Hard rock tunnel grouting practice in Finland, Sweden, and Norway : literature study
Inspecting fibreglass yachts
From reinforced plastics to an art work : Jan-Erik Andersson, Aarne J채ms채 and Kari Tykkyl채inen: the empirical research of artists' intent and the meaning of the material of the art work
Fishing boat construction. 4, Building an undecked fibreglass reinforced plastic boat
Modern boat maintenance : the complete fiberglass boat manual
Fatigue of the Orthotropic Layer in Glass Fiber Reinforced Composites
