http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20064 internal marketing
internal marketing
Marketing 3.0 : from products to customers to the human spirit
Personnel magazine for Zara Finland
Reinforcing the brand identity and internet branding in a b-to-b company : case company: Trainers' House Ltd
Internal marketing : tools and concepts for customer-focused management
Marketing for hospitality and tourism
The subject of this Bachelor's Thesis is internal communication at Lamor Group. The aim of the research was to find out how satisfied the personnel of Lamor companies is with internal communication, what matters the personnel would like to receive more information on, what are communication channels preferred to use and finding possible suggestions for improvement organizational internal communication in the company. Lamor is a family owned Finnish company founded in 1982, which specializes in environmental technology. The company is a market leader at the moment. It has a strong economical and financial position. It is a dynamically growing company which employs at the moment 67 persons. The theoretical part of the thesis consists of general information on organizational communication, internal communication, three basic theories of communication (Laswell's Theory on Affectivity of communication, Shannon's and Weaver's Mathematical Theory of Communication and Newcomb's Minimal A-B-X System), forms and channels of internal communication and problems in communication caused my multiculturalism. The empirical part is carried out by a qualitative research using a questionnaire. The number of returned questionnaires was 40 from the total 67 distributed. The research results show that the personnel of Lamor Group are not quite satisfied with the current internal communication.
Internal brand identity : case: Feelmax Oy
Creating Customer Focused Service Descriptions
Handbook of hospitality marketing management
The purpose of this thesis is to ascertain the challenges involved in the transition from traditional recruiting to a new online recruitment service. Heli online recruitment service has been created by the State Treasury and is intended for use by government agencies. The service was developed to make the administration of routine matters more effective, to modernize the State recruiting culture, and to increase personnel mobility within the state. It is also part of Finnish productivity and regionalization programs. The research method used in this study was qualitative. The empirical data was gathered by interviewing four employees of the Ministry of the Interior, between July and October 2009. The effects of the transition on recruitment efficiency were observed by analyzing them with the help of internal marketing, human resources management and employer image theories. The aim was to discover how this online recruitment service has changed the recruitment process and how this has benefitted the Ministry of the Interior’s image. The study results indicated that use of this service has significantly changed the recruitment process in the Ministry of the Interior. This service has modernized the recruitment culture and it has helped to promote governmental agencies as a prominent employer. Efficiency has increased, as many tasks can now be done electronically. The results indicated that there is still room for improvement. In order to develop the Heli service, it is crucial that the State Treasury and various governmental agencies co-operate. It can be stated that once the most critical faults have been corrected and the public is more familiar with the service, its full potential can be reached.
Business to business marketing : relationships, networks & strategies
The marketing century : how marketing drives business and shapes society : The Chartered Institute of Marketing
Internal communication problems in a multinational company Lamor Group
Internal brand research in Dressmann Oy
Examining sales training : the effects on salesperson’s attitudes and behaviour
Abstract.
Developing internal customer relations : case study : Cargotec Finland Oy
Constructional and contentual needs for changes in Web courses for sales people : case study: ABB Oy Motors
Services marketing management
Formation of the internal employer brand : case Nordea
Role of internal marketing in implementing a local unit strategy
Transition to a new online recruitment service : case Ministry of the Interior
Internal communication problems in a multinational company : Lamor Group
Follow-up research of the process performance motors -campaign : case: ABB Oy, Motors
An internal marketing approach to change implementation : a travel management perspective, case VTT : moving to self-service with an online booking tool
'GM actually does sell cars in California' : creating positive corporate image in top management speeches of General Motors
Internal marketing in a small employment agency : a case study of Enterprise Services Finland Oy
A relationship mediated theory of internal marketing
Relationship marketing for multinationals : service marketing challenges: case study
Interpretation of services marketing concepts
Inside-out marketing : how to create an internal marketing strategy
Contemporary marketing : a study of marketing's role in large Finnish service firms
Public sector marketing
Internal marketing in a family business hotel : case study: Jugend Home Hotel
Relationship marketing
Internal branding in business-to-business environment : measuring holistic brand image through employee brand perceptions
Internal marketing : managing employees towards strategy-oriented working
Communication of the branding process : the case of UPM-Kymmene Printing Papers' rebranding
The communication plan of the Student Village Foundation of Turku
Integrated organisational communication
Transition to a new online recruitment service  : case: Ministry of the Interior
Internal marketing : directions for management
Digitization of the communication and its implications for marketing
CREATING AN INTRANET PORTAL FOR THE STRATEGY OF HALTON GROUP
Brand identity of Liisa's Naturella
Advances in relationship marketing
Service management and marketing : managing the service profit logic
The objective of this research is to clarify the case company's brand identity and with the identity in place, to  reinforce the internal branding process in order to align the case company's employee commitment with their brand promise. One intention is to examine the desired brand identity elements that the case company wants to communicate to the target audience through a unique brand identity model customized for the case company. Another intention is to investigate the level of understanding, knowledge, and engagement towards the brand. Based  on the results, a brand book is generated to help the case company communicate its brand to the employees  and thus, help the employees articulate the brand consistently to the customers and stakeholders. The theoretical framework was based on the models suggested by Aaker (2002), Gad (2001), Kapferer (2008),  de Chernatony (1999), Ind (2007), and Kotler and Pfoertsch (2006). According to Kotler and Pfoertsch (2006, 129), to build awareness among employees about the reinforced brand identity, a unifying internal branding  process that starts from building overall awareness inside the organization of the current situation must be executed. The study was carried out in the form of an interview. Data was collected through several face-to-face  interviews on the case company premises. The analytical approach was qualitative. The findings indicated that  there was some confusion related to brand positioning and the visual perspective. The findings also showed  that more effective methods for internal communication are needed, to avoid the inconsistencies. In  conclusion, the brand book will serve as guide that clearly identifies the corporate brand.
The effect of internal marketing activities on hotel industry : case study: Finnish hotel industry
In every company there are internal customers. These internal customers are the employees of the company that work to satisfy the external customer in order to make the company successful. An internal customer can be for example a certain department or team etc within the company. Keeping internal customers satisfied is necessary to make the work processes and internal communication work flawlessly. When the service level within the company is excellent, the external customer should receive the best service possible. Thus the internal customer relations are very important in today?s competitive business environment. This thesis is made as an assignment for Cargotec Finland Oy and its purpose is to map the current situation in their internal customer relations and give suggestion on how to develop those relations. This thesis will concentrate on the Shared Service Center of Cargotec Finland Oy. Theories of this thesis are based on literature about the topic. The empirical part is based on interviews done in the case company as well as on the observations made by the authors working as interns there. This thesis gives suggestions for the case company on how to overcome possible problems and develop existing procedures of internal customer relations. The theoretical part can be applied to any company that faces the issues described when the research in the empirical part is done for the case company. Nevertheless the empirical part can provide ideas to development also in other companies.
A service and sales manual for new employees : case: the Finland-Ghana Chamber of Commerce
Emergence and translations of management interests in corporate branding in the Finnish pulp and paper corporations : a study with an actor-network theory approach
Internal marketing as a tool of building product awareness among personnel
Internal marketing of a hotel in Tampere : moments of truth as experienced by the staff and customers
Internal marketing : towards employee satisfaction
Internal marketing in strategy implementation
Customer satisfaction survey as a tool for improving an internal service : case: Nokia
Marketing communications : contexts, contents and strategies
Integrated communication : concern, internal and marketing communication
Restaurant basics : why guests don't come back ... and what you can do about it
Internal marketing activities : case Finnair contact center
The employer brand : bringing the best of brand management to people at work
Revenue management : maximizing revenue in hospitality operations
With a wide base of examples, Christian Grönroos draws on decades of experience to explain how to manage any organization as a service business and move closer to current and future customers. Service logic and service management are all about customer-focused outside-in management, using current academic research and business practice to make organizations more successful in the service-based economy.
How does Draka NK Cables Ltd. apply internal marketing and how could it be improved?
International competence of future engineers : survey among engineering students at Turku University of Applied Sciences
Internal product launch in international industrial hightechnology company : Case Teleste Corporation
Light their fire : using internal marketing to ignite employee performance and wow your customers
This thesis is a procedural research and its goal is to create a manual for the secretary of the Graduate School of Finance (GSF). The objective of this study is to create instructions for the secretary’s tasks at GSF. These instructions are to be used both in training a new employee and as an ancillary tool during employment. This thesis consists of two main parts: the theory and process of project and the actual product involved. Graduate School of Finance is a non-profit educational organization. The secretary’s position at the organization is part-time; therefore there is a high turnover for this position. For this reason, a comprehensive manual is very useful for the organization. The manual first introduces the organization, its goals and objectives and the position of the secretary. Then it gives instructions for all of a secretary’s tasks and a description of a typical year at GSF. The manual is designed so that it introduces the organization and tasks to a new employee and also gives exact and detailed instructions on each task. For this reason the man-ual also works as an ancillary tool during the employment.     The theory for this research consists of internal marketing, communication and human re-source management. These issues were discussed and studied using literature and academic articles. The author’s own experiences and knowledge relating to secretarial work at GSF were used for creating the final product, i.e., the manual for a GSF secretary.
Employee commitment to CRM implementation : Case: Wärtsilä Ship Power
Clarifying the internal brand of Paperinkeräys Oy
Services marketing and building an image for pre-production
Process management in internal marketing. Case: ABB Oy Motors
Abstract: The purpose of the thesis was to identify if there are less known factors affecting employees' willingness to adopt a new IM tool, in this case CRM. It is obvious the tool itself can always be improved but it may not explain all the reluctance usually involved in adoption of such IM implementations. This thesis researched the problem in a technology company Wärtsilä Corporation focusing on Ship Power business. It is quite common that the implementation of CRM fails, which is confirmed by numerous examples in CRM literature. CRM is a change management project and therefore both change management and internal marketing were investigated as a part of the research. First 5 in-depth interviews were conducted in Ship Power to be able to define which elements seem to discourage the adoption of CRM most. The interviews gave ideas how quantitative research questions could be phrased concerning technology, processes and leadership. E-questionnaire was sent to 76 respondents based on stratified sample. 46 responses were received. The results revealed that despite recognizing CRM a good tool in Wärtsilä Ship Power there are still some developments to be made on technology. Managers' commitment seems to be on a good level, but there are still some defects in the leadership, which should be tackled. It is evident that employee commitment is a significant factor for successful CRM implementation. Mere technology, however advanced it is, cannot guarantee the success. Consequently affective commitment to change of the employees is worth of pursuing.
The role of internal marketing and national culture in perceived service quality in apparel retail industry : the comparison between Finnish and Chinese branches of bestseller A/S
Building corporate brand identity through internal branding : case Bloom Consulting with Niscayah AB
Improving the service quality of sales support
Managing internal communications process in Finnair Customer Care Center : a case study of Finnair Plus
Communicating the new : methods to shape and accelerate innovation
Manual for the secretary of Graduate School of Finance
This research is conducted for Dressmann Oy, an internationally operating Norwegian men's clothing store. The research problem is to identify Dressmann's internal brand image among sales staff. The study consists of evaluating Dressmann' s internal brand communication channels and methods, studying employee brand awareness and emotional commitment to the brand. First research objective is to identify how efficiently the brand is communicated to the employees and what are the possible brand information bottlenecks. Secondly, to evaluate if the employees are living the brand. The thesis concentrates in measuring in which level the current brand awareness and emotional commitment are among sales staff. The theory was based on brand communications, internal branding process, and in recognizing the potential benefits of strong internal brands. The theoretical framework summarizes the main theory concepts, which are brought together and adapted into a creation of a new internal brand evaluation tool, also known as internal brand state. The internal brand state recognizes and helps to evaluate the brand from both awareness and emotional commitment sides, and illustrates the efficiency of brand communications. The survey was conducted by quantitative method and 33 respondents of the possible 52 answered the questionnaire. The survey included 53 multiple-choice questions and five open-ended questions. The survey was carried out among the employees of Greater Helsinki region in the beginning of February 2010. The results imply that currently the brand communications are working fairly well, but some weak links in the brand communications were found and indentified. Internal brand state is currently on a good level, but especially the brand visioning part needs to be improved from both awareness and emotional commitment sides. It is important to notice that emotional commitment, among sales staff, was slightly higher than the awareness in all of the evaluated branding process parts. Recommendations include using the internal brand state for managerial purposes and recog-nize the efficiency levels of individual internal communication channels. The need for emphasizing the role of store managers and co-workers in communicating the brand in order to enhance the internal brand development.
The process of internal launching of services : Case Sampo
Online recruiting : comparison of Finland's leading law offices
The purpose of this bachelor's thesis was to investigate the successfulness of the internal marketing of the Cumulus hotel in Tampere. This was done by examining the opinions and experiences of the hotel reception staff. The aim was to find out what they thought about the internal marketing. Four different areas of internal marketing were investigated; motivation, education, information flow and quality of customer service. Staff members told their opinions about each of these issues in a survey conducted at the end of year 2010. Through analyzing the results a picture was drawn of how the staff sees the company's internal marketing. The results also gave an idea about the quality of service provided at the reception as seen by the reception staff. The writer of the thesis examined the customer perspective through analyzing customer feedback forms of the summer 2010. With the aid of customer feedback the aim was to get a better overview of the service situations at the Cumulus reception. Together these two different parts create different perspectives of the quality of service provided at the Cumulus reception. These encounters between the customers and the service staff members are explained with the aid of a theoretical approach called moments of truth. By finding out the staff and customer perspectives of the service situations - and internal marketing as a tool behind these situations - the writer is able to establish an opinion about the quality of moments of truth as experienced by customers at the Cumulus reception.
From internal market regulation to European labour law
Developing an internal marketing plan to enhance employee satisfaction in a service organisation : case Cargotec service centre
Abstract: Internal marketing : towards employee satisfaction.
Marketing management for nonprofit organizations
Internal marketing : the key to successful marketing campaign
Exploring the linkage between internal marketing and service productivity : a case study of a retail organization
The IABC handbook of organizational communication : a guide to internal communication, public relations, marketing, and leadership
Sales support : enhancing key account managers' communication at Unilever Finland Oy
Internal marketing and job satisfaction survey at the Embassy of Canada in Mexico
Marketing planning : a global perspective
Public relations in practice
Internal market orientation : an inter-departmental approach
Every company these days, regardless of the field of business they operate in, is looking for the most talented employees. They also strive to get the best possible results from their recruiting process by attracting and recruiting the best talents. At the same time they want the process to be cost-efficient and relatively quick. Traditionally-used recruiting methods include advertising in different newspapers and magazines, as well as word-of-mouth recruiting. The Internet has become a new channel for recruiting; it's open 24 hours a day, seven days week. Nowadays companies are also increasingly planning their recruitment strategies in ways so that both the print media and the Internet support each other in this process. This thesis focuses on a comparison of recruitment communication and strategies of the three largest law firms in Finland; Castrén & Snellman, Hannes Snellman and Roschier. As all three are in direct competition with each other, the main focus is on analyzing their online recruiting communications and marketing. Emphasis is also given to an examination of the overall recruiting process and if the companies' internal marketing strategies become clear from looking at their homepages. This research does not examine advertising in the print media; it looks only at online recruiting. The primary objective set for this research was to find out how each company has utilized the possibilities offered by the Internet, as well as too see how these companies differ in their online communication and to find out if perhaps the law firms are not as homogenous in their external communications as is commonly thought.
Tourism and hospitality marketing : a global perspective
Relationship marketing and customer relationship management
User Satisfaction Survey in Business Information Centre
Service management and marketing : customer management in service competition
Marketing communication plan for construction equipment rental company : case Skanska Rakennuskone Oy
