http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20091 tax liability
tax liability
Taxation of non-profit organizations : Finland
Source and residence : new configuration of their principles = Source et résidence : une nouvelle configuration = Quellen- und Änsassigkeitsbesteuerung : neue Aspekte der Prinzipien = Fuente y residencia : nueva configuració́n de sus principios
Taxation and tax payment for the church in Finland
Finnish legal national report
Reverse value added taxation was implemented in Finland on 1 April 2011 in order to minimize the impact of the black economy on the taxation in the construction industry and at the same time to improve the honest competitor's position. The purpose of this research was to investigate the effects of reverse value added taxation in the small individual enterprise operating in the construction industry.    The study showed that the VAT Act amendment did not have major effects on the operations of Teräsrunko Oy. The majority of the invoices sent to the com-pany are still charged by the old practice because the designers, suppliers, workshops, paintshops, transport companies and building rental agencies charge Teräsrunko Oy with VAT 23%. Teräsrunko Oy uses the rate of 0% VAT in invoicing if the sold service belongs to the sphere of reverse value added taxation. Key words: VAT, black economy,  construction industry, reverse value added taxation
The personal scope of the EU corporate tax directives
Tax harmonization or coordination of corporate taxation in the European Union is usually considered from two complementary points of view: tax base and tax rate. These two perspectives structure the debate on whether EU Member States, and more broadly states belonging to the same economic area, should harmonize or coordinate their policies on tax matters. However, little attention has been paid so far to a more basic question which is at the core of tax theory: who are corporate taxpayers? Are they defined in the same way throughout Europe? Comparative law shows that the conditions that must be met in order to be subject to corporate income tax are very different from one country to another. The way tax systems define foreign entities that fall under their corporate income tax may also vary significantly, which may in practice give rise to interesting tax planning opportunities. Against this background, the 2013 EATLP Congress devoted to corporate income tax subjects was designed to enhance the main similarities and differences that exist between many countries (European countries and the United States). It is the first time that such joint research has been conducted on an international scale on this fundamental topic and it has given rise to an ambitious publication. This book therefore provides a basis for tax policy decisions at a national and European level. It also constitutes a starting point for academic reflection on a core issue affecting the structure of corporate income taxation.
Corporate income tax subjects
Tax incentives in developing countries and international taxation : a study on the relationship between income tax incentives for inward foreign investment in developing countries and taxation of foreign income in capital-exporting countries
The place of supply in European VAT
The problem of double non-taxation in EU : how far could a multilateral EU Tax Treaty based on the Nordic Convention solve it?
Taxpayers' rights : theory, origin and implementation
Emigration into tax havens : tax planning and high net worth individuals
International tax issues for Finnish multinational from a US perspective
Finnish international taxation
To draft or not to draft? : inefficiency, generational incidence, and political economy of military conscription
