http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20083 measuring methods
measuring methods
Eye tracking the user experience : a practical guide
Precision mass measurements of neutron-rich nuclides around A = 100
Modal measurements of some important NMOG species by FT-IR spectroscopy
Instruments for physical environmental measurements with special emphasis on atmospheric instruments : Syllabus. Vol. 2
Measurement uncertainty : methods and applications
Optical measurement techniques and applications
Unobtrusive monitoring of heart rate and respiration rate during sleep
Comparison of optical coherence tomography, the pulsed photoacoustic technique, and the time-of-flight technique in glucose measurements in vitro
Comparison of functional test methods between two product families
Assessment in early childhood education
Project management metrics, KPIs, and dashboards : a guide to measuring and monitoring project performance
Measures of freedom of choice
Analysis of tapered anechoic chamber for improved measurement setup
Environmental monitoring programme for aquatic ecosystems in the Norwegian, Finnish and Russian border area : updated implementation guidelines
Implementation of gear measurement with co-ordinate measuring machine
Papermaking science and technology. Book 2, Forest resources and sustainable management
Program administration scale : measuring early childhood leadership and management
Development of methods for the characterisation of roughness in three dimensions
Advances in measurement in educational research and assessment
Handbook of multimethod measurement in psychology
Adjustment for covariate measurement errors in complex surveys : a simulation study of three competing methods
Measurement and control in bioprocessing
Evaluation of the novel balance measuring procedure
Social media marketing in tourism and hospitality
Self-efficacy in nursing : research and measurement perspectives
Measuring stress in humans : a practical guide for the field
Fluid flow measurement : a practical guide to accurate flow measurement
PART ONE: NUMBERS - HOW WE HANDLE THEM 1. Tools of the trade: basic numeracy skills. 2. Computational aids: excel and minitab. PART TWO: NUMBERS - A MEANS OF COMMUNICATION  3. Obtaining the figures: sampling methods. 4. Making sense of the figures: data interpretation. 5. Presenting the figures: tables and diagrams. 6. Summarising the figures: measures of location and spread. 7. Measuring changes: index numbers. PART THREE: NUMBERS - A BASIS FOR DEDUCTION 8. A firm foundation: elementary probability. 9. Patterns of probability: some distributions. 10. Estimating from samples: inference 11. Checking a theory: hypothesis testing. 12. Making it better: statistics and quality improvement. 13. Looking for connections: correlation. PART FOUR: NUMBERS - A TOOL FOR PLANNING 14. Spotting the relationship: line fitting and forecasting. 15. Using excel for multiple regression. 16. More about forecasting: time-series and exponential smoothing. 17. Allowing for interest: financial mathematics. 18. Planning an inventory policy: stock control. 19. Planning production levels: linear programming. 20. Planning a project: network analysis. 21. Cutting down on queues: simulation. 22. Using quantitative methods for research projects.
Using psychometrics : a practical guide to testing and assessment
Electronics for the (gamma,egamma) -experiment
Reading: what can be measured?
Ultrasonic measurements and technologies
Using pressure mapping while measuring whole-body vibration with alternative accelerometer configurations (2009)
Using proximal soil sensors and fuzzy classification for mapping Amazonian Dark Earths
ICF core sets for chronic conditions
Measuring Supply Chain Vulnerability : A Case Study
Applied geophysics
Improvement of the atomic absortion spectrometry method  : Determination of calcium and magnesium from human urine
Measurement and instrumentation systems
Quantitative approaches in business studies
We tested if hand-carried field proximal soil sensing (PSS) can be used to map the distribution of anthropogenic Amazonian Dark Earths (ADE). ADE soils are rich in archaeological artefacts, nutrients, organic matter and carbon in the very stable form of pyrogenic carbon, also referred to as black carbon or biochar. To test the capacity of PSS to detect signature ADE properties we measured electrical conductivity (ECa), magnetic susceptibility (MSa) and gamma ray data by transect sampling and compared these readings, using fuzzy classification, with datasets on chemical soil properties from a 28 ha large study area located on the Belterra Plateau of the Lower Amazon in northern Brazil. Results indicate that ECa and MSa measurements were good indicators of ADE signatures, but that the gamma radiation sensor was less useful in the deeply weathered soils. PSS and fuzzy classification can be used for rapid field mapping of ADE for both agricultural and archaeological purposes.
Condition monitoring of squirrel-cage motors by axial magnetic flux measurements
Model-based structural damage identification using vibration measurements
Fast photothermal techniques in Nondestructive evaluation
Reading : what can be measured?
Production frontier methods in environmental performance measurement and analysis
On the imaging properties of the homogenousfield magnetic heavy-particle spectrographs
Microarrays and microplates : applications in biomedical sciences
Measuring the natural environment
Development of a technique for identifying elementary school children's musical concepts
"The success of the Apgar score demonstrates the astounding power of an appropriate clinical instrument. This down-to-earth book provides practical advice, underpinned by theoretical principles, on developing and evaluating measurement instruments in all fields of medicine. It equips you to choose the most appropriate instrument for specific purposes. The book covers measurement theories, methods and criteria for evaluating and selecting instruments. It provides methods to assess measurement properties, such as reliability, validity and responsiveness, and interpret the results. Worked examples and end-of-chapter assignments use real data and well-known instruments to build your skills at implementation and interpretation through hands-on analysis of real-life cases. All data and solutions are available online. This is a perfect course book for students and a perfect companion for professionals/researchers in the medical and health sciences who care about the quality and meaning of the measurements they perform"--Provided by publisher.
Educational and psychological measurement : EPM
Multimodal biomedical measurement methods to study brain functions simultaneously with functional magnetic resonance imaging
Control in catering
Simultaneous measurements of gaseous emissions, particulates and noise from individual vehicles in traffic
Vapour liquid equilibrium measurements for process design
On fundamental measurement in psychology
Describing and testing aptitude-treatment interaction effects with structural equation models : reanalysis of a study by M. J. Behr
Principles of examining
Improving robustness and disposability of integrated Young interferometer sensors for portable diagnostics
Acoustic array systems : theory, implementation, and application
Front-end electronics for the detector
Optical measurements : techniques and applications
Modelling endocrine disruption : quantitative structure-activity relationships for three estrogenic end-points
How to measure anything : finding the value of "intangibles" in business
Autoantibodies binding citrullinated type I and II collagens in rheumatoid arthritis
School-age care environment rating scale
Analyzing ATI data by structural analysis of covariance matrices : paper presented at the Annual Meeting of the American Educational Research Association, San Francisco, April 8-12, 1979
The human gait
On the measurement of heterotrophic activity in the aquatic environment using labelled substrates..
Signal correlations in biomass combustion – an information theoretic analysis
Measuring behaviour : an introductory guide
Low coherence interferometry and optical coherence tomography in paper measurements
New Compass Syllabus
Transient changes in heart rate variability in response to orthostatic task, endurance exersice and training : with special reference to autonomic blockades and time-frequency analysis
Doppler optical coherence tomography in determination of suspension viscosity
Hard coal and coke : determation of ash fusibility = Houille et coke - détermination de la fusibilité des cendres
Development of a Quadcopter Sensor System for Measuring Thermal Profiles of the Lower Atmosphere
Electronic measurements and instrumentation
Measurement and evaluation in psychology and education
Measurement-based value alignment and reasoning about organizational goals and strategies : studies with the ICT industry
Theory and design for mechanical measurements
The ability to structure acoustic material as a measure of musical aptitude. 1, Background theory and pilot studies
Measurement and evaluation in teaching
Dielectrophoretic mobility of a spherical particle in 2D hyperbolic quadrupole electrode geometry
A comparison of value-at-risk approaches using a Finnish equity portfolio
Frameworks to measure sustainable development : an OECD Expert Workshop
Modeling intraindividual variability with repeated measures data : methods and applications
Lantibiotic nisin and its detection methods
Measuring security performance and productivity
Toward defining literacy
Comparison of methods for determining the density of grass silage
Research methods in business studies : a practical guide
Psychological testing : a practical approach to design and evaluation
Industrial pressure, level & density measurement
Harry's cosmeticology : 3
Handbook of assessment methods for eating behaviors and weight-related problems : measures, theory and research
Mass balance determination for trace elements at coal-, peat- and bark-fired power plants
Derivation and use of environmental quality and human health standards for chemical substances in water and soil
Measuring business excellence
Advanced numerical diffractive optics
Multi-instrumental auroral case studies at substorm conditions
The essence of measurement
Testing and obtaining fit of data to the Rasch model : paper presented at the Annual Meeting of the American Educational Research Association, San Francisco, April 8-12, 1979
Advanced light microscopy. 3, Measuring techniques
Gonioreflectometer for measuring spectral diffuse reflectance
Air pollution in eastern Lapland : challenge for an environmental measurement station
Development of the recoil-beta tagging method and recoil-beta tagging studies of 66As and 66Se
Quantifying uncertainty of measurement using R&R method = Mittausepävarmuuden määrittäminen R&R-menetelmää käyttäen
Measurement and automated test systems
Measuring economic inequality : some simple calculations with Finnish data
Towards more consistent estimates of methane fluxes by the eddy covariance technique
Development and clinical application of impedance pneumography technique
Prevention of fouling on paper machine surfaces
Noninvasive blood pressure pulse detection and blood pressure determination
Advances in educational and psychological testing : theory and applications
Data theory and dimensional analysis
Health measurement scales : a practical guide to their development and use
Direct optical measurement of fluid dynamics and dispersed phase morphology in multiphase flows
Integrated environmental information systems in support of decision-making on the oblast level in Russia : seminar I, January 24-25, 1995 ; Development of the unified state environmental monitoring system in the Russian Federation : seminar II, January 26, 1995.
Cantilever-enhanced photoacoustic spectroscopy in the analysis of volatile organic compounds
Methods for analysis of results in impulse voltage puncture test on insulators in air
Functional biodiversity in soils : development and applicability of an enzyme activity pattern measurement method
Method development for determination and recovery of rare earth elements from industrial fly ash
Intensified use of process measurements in hydrometallurgical zinc production processes
Measurement-based management of global software development projects
Research methods in health promotion
Graphene films for gas sensing applications
Water quality : evaluation of the "ultimate" anaerobic biodegradability of organic compounds in digested sludge : method by measurement of the biogas production : international standard = Qualité de l'eau : évaluation de la biodégradabilité anaérobie "ultime" des composés organiques dans les boues de digesteurs : méthode par mesurage de la production de biogaz
On the measurement technique of positron lifetimes
Unbiased stereology : three-dimensional measurement in microscopy
Earth observation and the environment : benefits for Central and Eastern European countries
National forest inventories : assessment of wood availability and use
In schools we trust : creating communities of learning in an era of testing and standardization
On-line measurement of oil contaminants in water by filter-based infrared analyzers
Statictical assessment research of family business populations in Finland
Noise measurement method for luminaires with tubular fluorescent lamps
Sampling, analysis & monitoring methods : a guide to EPA and OSHA requirements
Measures and metrics in corporate security
Designing a measurement system for HAMK Ohutlevykeskus : Designing a test system for concrete
Optical measurement techniques : innovations for industry and the life sciences
Handbook of human and social conditions in assessment
Measurement of the tree root growth using electrical impedance spectroscopy
Instrumentation and process measurements
Measurement methods for building - Setting-out and measurement : part 1: Planning and organization, measuring procedures, acceptance criteria
Optical biosensors : today and tomorrow
Modern optical spectroscopy : with examples from biophysics and biochemistry
Measuring methods for building  - General principles and procedures for the verification of dimensional compliance : Méthodes de mesurage pour la construction - Principes généraux pour la vérification de la conformité dimensionnelle
Bio-guided music therapy : a practitioner's guide to the clinical integration of music and biofeedback
The manager's handbook for business security
Hoppus's practical measurer; : or measuring made easy to the meanest capacity, by a newset of tables which shew, at sight, the solid content of any piece of timber, stone &e ..
Water quality concepts, sampling, and analyses
Characterization of MgB2 superconductors in conduction-cooled systems
Moisture depth profiling in paper using near-infrared spectroscopy
Measurement of auroral characteristics by auroral turbulence II Sounding rocket
Optimisation of customer roll quality in winding
Measurement in medicine : a practical guide
Herkkä mittausmenetelmä paljastaa solujen tilan = Sensitive method for analysing living cells
Experimental spectroscopic studies of metals with electron, ion, and optical techniques
Measurement methods for building - Setting-out and measurement : part 2: measuring stations and targets
Optical method for liquid sorption measurements in paper
Digital systems testing and testable design
How to measure attitudes
Measuring counterparty credit risk under the revised Basel II framework
Modeling of professional growth and learning : Bayesian approach
Methods and applications of statistics in the social and behavioral sciences
Assessing learning achievement
Measuring educational achievement
Biomechanics in clinic and research : an interactive teaching and learning course
Modern methods of particle size analysis
Psychological testing and assessment : an introduction to tests and measurement
Summated rating scale construction : an introduction
Optical methods of engineering analysis
Measurement of atmospheric emissions
The art of measurement : theory and practice
Computational Studies of NMR and magneto-optical rotation parameters in water
Spatial distribution and change in the surface ice-velocity field of Vestfonna ice cap, Nordaustlandet, Svalbard, 1995–2010 using geodetic and satellite interferometry data
In practice the only way to determine the bulk density of grass silage is to measure and weigh silage blocks. This study was carried out to compare this variant with four other measuring methods. "Big blocks" are inherently relatively heterogeneous and hence cannot be used for the fast, precise determination of density. "Small blocks" represent density well, but their handling makes them unsuitable for quick sampling. The three measuring methods - " drilling jig", "inclined drilling cylinder" and "vertical drilling cylinder" - gave comparable results. The "inclined drilling cylinder" was identified as the preferred variant on the basis of results and manageability.
Robotized surface inspection : range data acquisition with estimation of spatial uncertainties
The Handbook of Human and Social Conditions in Assessment is the first book to explore assessment issues and opportunities occurring due to the real world of human, cultural, historical, and societal influences upon assessment practices, policies, and statistical modeling. With chapters written by experts in the field, this book engages with numerous forms of assessment: from classroom-level formative assessment practices to national accountability and international comparative testing practices all of which are significantly influenced by social and cultural conditions. A unique and timely contribution to the field of Educational Psychology, the Handbook of Human and Social Conditions in Assessment is written for researchers, educators, and policy makers interested in how social and human complexity affect assessment at all levels of learning. Organized into four sections, this volume examines assessment in relation to teachers, students, classroom conditions, and cultural factors. Each section is comprised of a series of chapters, followed by a discussant chapter that synthesizes key ideas and offers directions for future research. Taken together, the chapters in this volume demonstrate that teachers, test creators, and policy makers must account for the human and social conditions that shape assessment if they are to implement successful assessment practices which accomplish their intended outcomes.
On-line hydrocarbon speciation using FTIR and CI-MS
The condensed handbook of measurement and control
Seismocardiography : practical implementation and feasibility
Applied correspondence analysis : an introduction
Thickness measurement techniques of the thin films
Instruments for physical environmental measurements with special emphasis on atmospheric instruments. Vol. 1
Educational measurement
Modeling a balanced scorecard in financial service center : case study
Applications of bacterial luciferase
This title provides researchers and working engineers with an overview of microphone array technology with applications in noise source identification and sound field visualization.
Use of mercury porosimetry and nitrogen adsorption in characterisation of the pore structure of mannitol and microcrystalline cellulose powders, granules and tablets
Heat balance of the earth's surface at Jokioinen (60.8[sup o]N, 23.5[sup o]E) summer 1968
Crown envelope shape measurements and models
Evaluation review
Social learning and its measurement
Methods of experimental physics. 18:B, Fluid dynamics
Statistical practice in business and industry
Anticipating the variance of predicted stand volume and timber assortments with respect to stand characteristics and field measurements
Development of methodology for assessing counseling interactions : developing the Counselor Response Observation System and assessing applicability of heart rate variability to the measurement of client emotions during verbal reporting
Guidelines for development of NDE acceptance criteria
Measuring whole-body vibration exposure with alternative accelerometer configurations
Measurement of cardiac vagal outflow by beat-to-beat R-R interval dynamics
Vibration spectrum analysis : a practical approach
Handbook of physical measurements
