http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20004 illustrators
illustrators
Norman Rockwell's America
Tom Poulton : the secret art of an English gentleman
Illustrators in New York
Norman Rockwell : behind the camera
The story of a romantic relationship is told in the form of a catalog from the auction of objects previously owned by the fictional couple.
Canine capers
Russian artists and the children's book : 1890-1992
The art of George Pérez
Illustrated children's books
Fifty years of illustration
Black book : illustration 2000
200 years of American illustration
Illustrators of children's books : 1957-1966
Countdown to millennium
Illustrators. 37, Thirty seventh annual of American illustration
"Camilla d'Errico is a powerful voice in pop surrealism, her work combining diverse influences in imagery both singular and hauntingly familiar. Compelling and deeply personal, "Helmetgirls" documents Camilla's art and lifestyle brand that fuses manga, steampunk, and fine art into an original and meaningful aggregate. Gargantuan biomechanical headgear adorns beautiful, wide-eyed, and seemingly fragile girls. More than just decoration, the helmets express each girl's character, needs, and desires. Look deeply into the Helmetgirls' eyes - they have a story to tell."--Publisher.
Edward Gorey initially illustrated paperback covers and dust jackets for the likes of Joseph Conrad, Henry James and Charles Dickens, establishing a pen-and-ink hand-lettered style that would challenge prevailing American publishing standards and help define his publisher's visual identity. Gorey's prodigious output of hundreds of dust jackets and paperback covers evidences his distinctive flair for design and his extraordinary ability to portray the essence of the books that come his way.
Drawing blood : a memoir
An illustrated life : drawing inspiration from the private sketchbooks of artists, illustrators and designers
101 artists to listen to before you die
Randolph Caldecott : the man who could not stop drawing
Pro-illustration : editorial-book 1 : a guide to professional techniques
Fantasy art : warriors & heroes : inspiration, impact & technique
Legacy : selected drawings & paintings by Frank Frazetta
Sowa's ark : an enchanted bestiary
The principles of uncertainty
The fantastic art of Boris Vallejo
Once upon a time ... : a treasury of classic fairy tale illustrations
Norman Rockwell : artist and illustrator
Making mischief : A Maurice Sendak appreciation
More fantasy art masters : the best fantasy and science fiction artists show how they work
Norman Rockwell : illustrator
A treasury of children's book illustrators
What's your favourite animal?
A bibliographical dictionary of science fiction and fantasy artists
Mirror of dreams
The post-birthday world
Greg and Tim Hildebrandt : the Tolkien years
Helmetgirls : the art of Camilla d'Errico volume 2
Arthur Harry Chuch : the anatomy of flowers
Edward Lear : the life of a wanderer
Illustrators. 47, The Society of Illustrator's 47th annual of American illustration
Swedish illustration [2]
Dream makers : six fantasy artists at work
Bibliographical checklist of the work of Harry Clarke
The deceiving eye : the art of Richard Hescox
Illustrators of children's books : 1744-1945
American illustration 31.
Norman Rockwell : a classic treasury
Ultimate illustration!
The art of Graeme Base
Show and tell : the fine art of picture book illustration
Beatrix Potter : her inner world
Yuri Vasnetsov : paintings, drawings, watercolours, book illustrations, lithographs, theatrical designs, porcelain
About time : a visual memoir around the clock
Norman Rockwell : 332 magazine covers
My adventures as an illustrator
Humorous illustration : top artists of our time talk about their work
Design funny : a graphic designer's guide to humor
Illustration today
Aphonse Mucha : masterworks
Brian Grimwood : the man who changed the look of British illustration
Norman Rockwell's chronicles of America
How to be an illustrator
We are made in Italy
Art directors' index to illustrators no. 18.
Alchemy : the art and craft of illustration
Books in this series are designed to help bridge the gap between academia and a first job in the creative industries. Illustration is a diverse and constantly evolving area of art and design and an appealing creative career. But to stand out from the crowd, successful illustrators need to combine creative talent with strong marketing and promotional skills. This book provides practical and inspirational guidance on finding and contacting clients, putting together promotional materials and establishing yourself as a professional illustrator. With case studies, and firsthand tips and hints from practising illustrators at varying stages in their careers, and packed with hundreds of beautiful examples of professional work, this is a must-have guide to the working world of illustration.
Illustrators of children's books : 1946-1956
William Heath Robinson
Penguin by design : a cover story, 1935-2005
Judith Kerr's creatures : my Manx husband always referred to his parents as his creatures, so this title includes not only much-loved animals but also a much-loved family
The black book : illustration 1997, eight edition
Edward Gorey : his book cover art & design
Fantasy art now : the very best in contemporary art & illustration
Illustrators in & out : what moves them and how they move art
A day with biff
The fairy tales of the brothers Grimm
The rime of the ancient mariner
Secrets of digital illustration : a master class in commercial image-making
Gonzo the art
Understanding illustration
Important artifacts and personal property from the collection of Lenore Doolan and Harold Morris, including books, street fashion, and jewelry
Illustration now!
Sorsapukki : sourcebook to my mind
Illustrtion now! : 96 illustrators from 13 countries
The curse of Lono
The best of Norman Rockwell
Brushes with history
Knightsbridge : the art of Keith Parkinson
Mythopœikon : fantasies, monsters, nightmares, daydreams
Tom Adams uncovered : the art of Agatha Christie and beyond
The Victorian woodblock illustrators
Illustrations and ornamentation from the Faerie queene
The art of graeme base
Doré's illustrations for "Paradise Lost."
Benign icons : Patrick Woodroffe's world
Volume 2 covers the following artists: John Hendrix, Jody Hewgill, Brad Holland, Paul Hoppe, Patrick Hruby, Mirko Ilić, Jeremyville, Kako, Maira Kalman, Karen Klassen, Anita Kunz, Ronald Kurniawan, Michael Kutsche, Zohar Lazar, Daniel Lim, Liz Lomax, Tara McPherson, Gildo Medina, Sergio Membrillas, Christian Montenegro, Gabriel Moreno, Joe Morse, Barbara Nessim, Christoph Niemann, Christopher O'Leary, Dan Page, Roberto Parada, C. F. Payne, Hanoch Piven, Edel Rodriguez, Graham Samuels, Yuko Shimizu, Shout, Peter Sís, Owen Smith, Simon Spilsbury, Mark Summers, Sharon Tancredi, Gary Taxali, Mike Thompson, Eric Tranchefeux, Jeremy Traum, Yury Ustsinau, Raphaël Vicenzi, Amanda Visell, Marco Wagner, Alice Wellinger, Edwina White, Autumn Whitehurst, Olimpia Zagnoli.
Rainbow children : the art of Camilla d'Errico
Czech and Slovak illustrators of books for small children
The complete record cover collection
Heroic dreams
A Tolkien tapestry : pictures to accompany The lord of the rings
Marketing illustration : new venues, new styles, new methods
From Mother Goose to Dr. Seuss : children's book covers 1860-1960
Edward Bawden scrapbooks
Best works of Aubrey Beardsley
Under the spell of the moon : art for children from the world's great illustrators
Drunk stoned brilliant dead : writers and artists who made the National lampoon insanely great
Ways of the illustrator : visual communication in children's literature
The bird king and other sketches
The early work of Aubrey Beardsley
The later work of Aubrey Beardsley
European illustration '74 '75 : the first annual of European editorial, book, advertising, television, cinema and design art = die erste Jahresausgabe einer europäischen Kunstzeitschrift, eines Buches der Werbung, des Fernsehens, des Films und der Zeichnung = la premier annuaire artistique Européen de la rédaction, du livre, de la publicité, de la television, du cinéma et du design
'Nonsense', wrote Mervyn Peake, 'can take you by the hand and lead you nowhere. It's magic'. Peake (1911-68) is one of the great English nonsense poets, in the tradition of Lewis Carroll and Edward Lear. His verses lead the reader into places where cause is cut free of effect and language takes on a giddy life of its own. Malicious bowler hats threaten their owners, a cake is chased across an ocean by a rakish knife, aunts become flatfish or live on sphagnum moss. Fully annotated, with a detailed introduction, "Complete Nonsense" contains all the poems and illustrations previously published in Peake's "Book of Nonsense" (1972), with forty unpublished poems discovered in manuscripts and thirty from other uncollected sources, including all the nonsense verses from his novels. It reprints complete - for the first time and in colour - the words and images from "Rhymes without Reason" (1944), and Peake's comic masterpiece "Figures of Speech" (1954). All the poems have been newly edited, often from Peake's manuscripts, by Robert Maslen, editor of Peake's "Collected Poems" (Carcanet), and Peter Winnington, the leading Peake scholar and biographer. Peake wrote of the rare art that 'glitters with the divine lunacy we call nonsense': "Complete Nonsense" glitters with Peake's benign and wayward imagination.
The private world of Tasha Tudor
Animal crackers
Traces the history of illustrated children's books from their beginnings to the present, and profiles notable authors and illustrators from Randolph Caldecott to Quentin Blake.
Children's book illustration and design. Volume 2
The art of John Harris : beyond the horizon
Realms of Tolkien : images of Middle-Earth
Famous American illustrators
An illustrator's workday : freedom and hard work
View from a sketchbook : nature through the eyes of Marjolein Bastin
The story of Beatrix Potter
The art of tasha tudor
Illustrators of children's books : 1967-1976
Nella notte buia = In the dark of the night
Illustrators unlimited : the essence of contemporary illustration
Audubon's aviary : the original watercolors for The birds of America
Arthur Rackham : masterpieces of art
Myth & magic : the art of John Howe
Tove Jansson : work and love
Tove Jansson : life, art, words : the authorised biography / Boel Westin ; translated by Silvester Mazzarella
Asian inspiration : art, graphics & illustrations
Illustration now!. 5
Shadowline : the art of Iain McCaig
John Flaxman 1755-1826 : sculptor, illustrator, designer
Sketches from a nameless land : the art of The arrival
How to be a successful illustrator : a practical guide
DragonWorld : 120 dragons with advice and inspiration from 49 international artists
Edward Ardizzone : artist and illustrator
Abc : A friendly french-english alphabet
Illustration now! : volume 2
The singing bones : art inspired by Grimms' fairy tales
Illustrators 42 : the society of illustrators 42nd annual of american illustration
Book illustrators of the twentieth century
Graphic designer
