http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20053 Karaims
Karaims Crimean Karaites
Travelling through time : essays in honour of Kaj Öhrnberg
Verbum et calamus : Semitic and related studies in honour of the sixtieth birthday of professor Tapani Harviainen
Bibliographia Karaitica : an annotated bibliography of Karaites and Karaism
Ethnic encounter and culture change : papers from the Third Nordic Conference on Middle Eastern Studies, Joensuu, 1995
The Karaites of Galicia : an ethnoreligious minority among the Ashkenazim, the Turks, and the Slavs, 1772-1945
Abraham Firkovich : contradictory pictures of a bibliophile
The Karaites in contemporary Lithuania and in the former USSR
Karaite zĕmīrōt in Poland-Lithuania : a study of paraliturgical Karaite Hebrew poems from the seventeenth and eighteenth centuries
The book of tradition (Sefer Ha-Qabbalah)
Karaj kiuńlari : dziedzictwo narodu karaimskiego we wspólczesnej Europie : nasledie karaimov v sovremennoj Evrope : heritage of Karaims in present Europe
This is the first comprehensive bibliography on the Karaites and Karaism. Including over 8000 items in twenty languages, this bibliography, with its extensive annotations, thoroughly documents the present state of Karaite Studies and provides a solid foundation for future research. Special attention has been given to the organizational structure of the bibliography. A detailed table of contents and a complete set of indices enable the reader to easily navigate through the material. Translations of items from non-Western languages increase the bibliography|s utility for the English-speaking reader. Especially noteworthy are the listings of obscure eastern European publications and the analysis of many periodical publications which enable unprecedented access to this material. It is an essential reference tool for Karaite and Jewish Studies.
Europe : discourses from the frontier
The sons of scripture : the Karaites in Poland and Lithuania in the twentieth century
Karaims in Lithuania
Exegesis and grammar in medieval Karaite texts
Seraya Szapszalś Karaim collection
The karaims : history religion language
Islam in the Baltic : Europe's early Muslim community
Karaite Judaism : a guide to its history and literary sources
The synagogues of Turkey
Karaite anthology : excerpts from the early literature
No abstract
Baltic studies in Australia. 2
Focuses on the history, ethnography, and convoluted ethnic identity of the Karaites, an ethnoreligious group in Eastern Galicia (modern Ukraine). This book offers the comprehensive study of the Galician Karaite community from its earliest days with the main emphasis placed on the period from 1772 until 1945.
Marriage contracts and items of dowry among the Karaims in Eastern Europe
Three Hebrew primers, the pronunciation of Hebrew among the Karaims in the Crimea, and Shewa
The nedunya agreement drawn up for the parents of Abraham Firkovich in 1787.
Eastern European Karaites in the last generations
Avraham Firkowicz in Istanbul (1830-1832) : paving the way for Turkic nationalism
Search Scripture well : Karaite exegetes and the origins of the Jewish Bible commentary in the Islamic East
The stains of culture : an ethno-reading of Karaite Jewish women
