http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20057 prominent persons
prominent persons
Lietuvos vastybes kurejai : XVI-XX pirmosios puses portretai = Founders of the Lithuanian state : portraits from the 16th-first half of the 20th cebturies. 2. vol., XX a. pirmosios puses portretai = Portraits from the first half of the 20th centuries
Oxford dictionary of political quotations
Allum's antiques almanac 2015 : an annual compendium of stories and facts from the world of art and antiques
"Is Hitler bigger than Napoleon? Washington bigger than Lincoln? Picasso bigger than Einstein? Quantitative analysts are rapidly finding homes in social and cultural domains, from finance to politics. What about history? In this fascinating book, Steve Skiena and Charles Ward bring quantitative analysis to bear on ranking and comparing historical reputations. They evaluate each person by aggregating the traces of millions of opinions, just as Google ranks webpages. The book includes a technical discussion for readers interested in the details of the methods, but no mathematical or computational background is necessary to understand the rankings or conclusions. Did you know: - Got a spare billion dollars, and want to be remembered forever? Your best investment is to get a university named after you. - Women remain significantly underrepresented in the historical record compared to men and have long required substantially greater achievement levels to get equally noted for posterity. - The long-term prominence of Elvis Presley rivals that of the most famous classical composers. Roll over Beethoven, and tell Tchaikovsky the news! Along the way, the authors present the rankings of more than one thousand of history's most significant people in science, politics, entertainment, and all areas of human endeavor. Anyone interested in history or biography can see where their favorite figures place in the grand scheme of things. While revisiting old historical friends and making new ones, you will come to understand the forces that shape historical recognition in a whole new light"--
Speeches that changed the world : the stories and transcripts of the moments that made history
All Souls and the wider world : statesmen, scholars, and adventurers, c. 1850-1950
My cool classic car : an inspirational guide to classic cars
Around the globe, people are facing the same problem - that we are born as individuals but are forced to conform to the rules of society if we want to succeed. The author debunks the prevailing mythology of success and presents a radical new way to greatness. It also draws on interviews with world leaders.
Finnish fingerprints : a hundred years, a hundred stories
A historical dictionary of British women
The American Revolution
Dead celebrities : post morterm right of publicity in the USA
Remembering national heroines : gender in contemporary Finnish monument sculpture
Thomas Jefferson and the politics of nature
Stars and cars
Queers in history : the comprehensive encyclopedia of historical gays, lesbians, bisexuals, and transgenders
Making Marie Curie : intellectual property and celebrity culture in an age of information
Ever among the living : poems about Lenin
Women in the Middle Ages
Vauxhall Astra [petrol] : owners workshop manual
Speeches that changed the world : the words and stories of the moments that made history
The Greenwood encyclopedia of international relations
The Great Grisby : two thousand years of exceptional dogs
Great British journeys
The complete book of the car : the definitive illustrated guide to the world's favourite automobiles
Rethinking the sacred : proceedings of the Ninth SIEF Conference in Derry 2008
Mad Minis : The Crazy world of modified Minis
In our time : the speeches that shaped the modern world
Famous men and women of modern times
Apostle or bones that shine like fire: travels among the tombs of the twelve
Karsh : American legends
Logistic regression in comparison of the passive safety of car models
The concise mastery
Garibaldi : invention of a hero
Garibaldi : citizen of the world
Serbian dreambook : national imaginary in the time of Milošević
Voi maamme, Suomi = Finland : what a country!
Mayday! : a history of flight through its martyrs, oddballs, and daredevils
American Catholics through the twentieth century : spirituality, lay experience, and public life
How to sound cultured : master the 250 names that intellectuals love to drop into conversation
Mini Cooper : the real thing!
Dictionary of contemporaries : Dictionnaire des contemporains. - Lexicon der Zeitgenossen. - Dizionario di contemporanei. - Diccionario de contemporaneos. - Slovar' sovremennikov
Berkshire encyclopedia of world history
Automotive Technical Data Book : Tune-up data for petrol-engined cars and light commericial vehicles from 1988 to 1997. Volume 2 : Nissan to Yugo/Zastava
New makers of modern culture. 2, L-Z
New makers of modern culture
Fascinating footnotes from history
Triumph Herald and Vitesse : the complete story
This thought-provoking and fascinating collection has been newly enlarged and updated. From Machiavelli to Nelson Mandela, Antony Jay (co-author of the famous TV series' Yes Minister and Yes Prime Minister ) has chosen the words and ideas which have shaped the world we live in today. This new edition covers quotations generated by events such as the terrorist attacks of 11 September 2001, wars in Afghanistan and Iraq, upheavals in the European Union, the re-election of George W. Bush, and the British Labour government's historic third term. And, of course, the gaffes and the back-biting that form the everyday currency of political in-fighting are fully detailed too. Misquotations, slogans, and other special categories are grouped together for easier access, and an extensive index helps you to trace that half-remembered phrase. Essential reading for politicians, journalists, writers, and general readers interested in quotations, modern politics, or political history. 'I can only go one way. I've not got a reverse gear.' Tony Blair 'I met Saddam Hussein exactly the same number of times as Donald Rumsfeld met him. The difference is that Donald Rumsfeld met him to sell him guns' George Galloway 'That's Lazarus with a triple bypass.' John Howard, when asked if he thought he could regain leadership of the Australian Liberal party 'If I want to talk to Europe who do I call?' Henry Kissinger 'The job of the Federal Reserve is to take away the punch bowl just when the party is getting good.' William McChesney Martin Jr. 'We don't want the smoking gun to be a mushroom cloud.' Condoleeza Rice 'No one is fit to be trusted with a secret who is not prepared, if necessary, to tell an untruth to defend it.' Lord Salisbury.
Heroes and exiles : gay icons through the ages
501 must-know speeches
Love letters of great men
The collector's cabinet : tales, facts & fictions from the world of antiques
100 faces from Finland : a biographical kaleidoscope
Eminent Indians
Music and monumentality : commemoration and wonderment in nineteenth-century Germany
Of thee I sing : a letter to my daughters
Zarathustra's sisters : women's autobiography and the shaping of cultural history
Rites of place : public commemoration in Russia and Eastern Europe
The position of woman in Finland
Lietuvos vastybes kurejai : XVI-XX pirmosios puses portretai = Founders of the Lithuanian state : portraits from the 16th-first half of the 20th cebturies. 1. vol., XVI-XIX a. portretai = Portraits from the 16th-19th centuries
The makers of culture : a biographical guide. [Vol. 2], Makers of nineteenth century culture, 1800-1914
The arc of ambition : defining the leadership journey
Heroes : history's greatest men and women
Celebrity in antiquity : from media tarts to tabloid queens
Speeches that shaped the modern world
The A-Z of classic convertibles
Cars that time forgot
A hundred great Estonians of the 20th century
Famous brand names and their origins
Speeches that changed the world
I have a dream : the speeches that changed history
Iconic America : a roller-coaster ride through the eye-popping panorama of American pop culture
Unfinished portrait of a country
Heroes  : history's greatest men and women
Disturbing remains : memory, history, and crisis in the twentieth century
Automotive Technical Data Book : Tune-up data for petrol-engined cars and light commercial vehicles from 1988 - 1997. Volume 1 : Alfa Romeo to Morgan
Acid tongues and tranquil dreamers : tales of bitter rivalry that fueled the advancement of science and technology
Biographical dictionary of literary influences : the nineteenth century, 1800-1914
The geography of genius : a search for the world's most creative places from ancient Athens to Silicon Valley
Chrysler chronicle : an illustrated history of Chrysler, DeSoto, Dodge, Eagle, Imperial, Jeep, Plymouth
Renault Mégane Service and Repair Manual
A first book in American history : with special reference to the lives and deeds of great Americans
Looking at the other : historical study of images in theory and practise
Girls are best
What is celebrity? How do celebrities influence society? Why do we hang on their every word, tweet or status update? Celebrity Cultures offers a fresh insight into the field of celebrity studies by updating existing debates and exploring recent developments. From the PR campaigns of Alexander the Great and Julius Caesar to the election of Arnold Schwarzenegger as Governor of California, this book critically evaluates a number of diverse celebrity case-studies and considers what they reveal about contemporary global society. Taking into account issues such as gender, sexuality, ethnicity, economics, politics and the media, the book draws upon a range of cultural theorists including Theodore Adorno and Jean Baudrillard. Over the course of ten richly illustrated chapters, the book: Draws upon sociology, cultural theory, media analysis and celebrity commentary to explore and re-evaluate the study of celebrity. Examines the international appeal of celebrity including examples from India, China, South Korea and Indonesia. Includes chapter introductions identifying key points and annotated further reading suggestions.
Celebrity cultures : an introduction
The complete illustrated encyclopedia of classic cars : the world's most famous and fabulous cars from 1945 to 2000, shown in 1800 photographs
It
Latvijas valsts apbalvojumi un Lačpleši = Latvian national decorations and holders of the military order "Lačplesis"
Peterburg : hudožestvennaâ žizn' 1900-1916 : fotoletopis' = St. Petersburg : artistic life 1900-1916 : photochronicle
Mastery
21 speeches that shaped our world : the people and ideas that changed the way we think
Dream cars : the best card in the world
Love letters of great men and women
The gun and Irish politics : examining national history in Neil Jordan's Michael Collins
Great tales from English history : a treasure of true stories : the extraordinary people who made Britain great
Car design Europe : myths, brands, people
Cars : a celebration
Handbook of pseudonyms and personal nicknames. 2, K-Z
"In this tender, beautiful letter to his daughters, President Barack Obama has written a moving tribute to thirteen groundbreaking Americans and the ideals that have shaped our nation. From the artistry of Georgia O'Keeffe, to the courage of Jackie Robinson, to the patriotism of George Washington, President Obama sees the traits of these heroes within his own children, and within all of America's children"--Book jacket.
RENAULT 9 & 11 / OWNERS WORKSHOP MANUAL : PETROL
The classic Mercedes-Benz
Italian auto legends : classics of style and design
The antiques magpie : a compendium of absorbing history, stories and facts from the world of antiques
ART OF THE AMERICAN AUTOMOBILE : THE GREATEST STYLISTS AND THEIR WORK
A survival guide to Finnish : sauna, sisu & Sibelius : for businesspeople
Who's bigger? : where historical figures really rank
Crown and realm : a review of the British Empire, its builders and rulers
Lend me your ears : great speeches in history
Citroën 2CV : the complete story
Robert Garland turns the spotlight on the careers of some of the most successful and colourful self-promoters ever to have lived, including Alcibiades, Socrates, Alexander the Great, Julius Caesar, Cleopatra, Augustus, Jesus, Nero and Theodosia, and investigates the secrets of their success. He also looks at ways in which other highly talented individuals turned themselves into celebrities, including sports personalities, entertainers, philosophers, founders of new religions, and internationally renowned prostitutes. The reader may be forgiven for supposing that celebrity is a phenomenon that has no equivalent in antiquity.
Rhetorical analysis of speeches
The Oxford dictionary of political quotations
A few weeks after the reunification of Germany, Leonard Bernstein raised his baton above the ruins of the Berlin Wall and conducted a special arrangement of Beethoven's ninth symphony. The central statement of the work, that "all men will be brothers," captured the sentiment of those who saw a brighter future for the newly reunited nation. This now-iconic performance is a palpable example of "musical monumentality" - a significant concept which underlies our cultural and ideological understanding of Western art music since the nineteenth-century. Although the concept was first raised in the earliest years of musicological study in the 1930s, a satisfying exploration of the "monumental" in music has not yet been made. Alexander Rehding, one of the brightest young stars in the field, takes on the task in Music and monumentality, an elegant, thorough treatment that will serve as a foundation for all future discussion in this area.
The founding gardeners : how the revolutionary generation created an American Eden
History in quotations
Car design America : myths, brands, people
Cars of the Soviet Union : the definitive history
'Damn, all my cheating secrets revealed. In book form' Stephen Fry Which philosopher had the maddest hairstyle? Which novelist drank 50 cups of black coffee every day? What on earth did Simone de Beauvoir see in Jean-Paul Sartre? How to Sound Cultured offers a wry and yet profoundly useful look inside the mirrored palaces of high culture. Covering such inscrutable characters as Heidegger, Montaigne, Kahlo and Levi-Strauss (apparently not just a designer of jeans), inscrutable polymaths Thomas W. Hodgkinson and Hubert van den Bergh - the author of the acclaimed How to Sound Clever - have done the hard work of sorting the cultural wheat from the chaff. Read this book and you'll never again mistake Rimbaud for Rambo or Georg Lukacs for George Lucas, you'll know precisely when to drop Foucault's name into a conversation and how to pronounce 'Borgesian', and you'll learn many more essential pointers for the intellectual life.
A hundred great Latvians
The makers of culture : a biographical guide. [Vol. 1], Makers of modern culture
Franklin's father Josiah : life of a colonial Boston tallow chandler, 1657-1745
