http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p200 deceased people
deceased people dead
Epistolary Korea : letters in the communicative space of the Chosŏn, 1392-1910
Memory and the medieval tomb
Ultimate ambiguities : investigating death and liminality
The beginner's goodbye
Your brothers blood
Recalling the death, revering the ancestors : multiple forms of ancestorship in Saribas Iban society
The Kurosagi corpse delivery service. Vol. 6
On "Dyss" burial and beliefs about the dead during the stone age with special regard to South Scandinavia : an archaeological and historico-religious research
Lirael : daughter of the Clayr
One good turn : a jolly murder mystery
Dead set : a novel
Forensic recovery of human remains : archaeological approaches
The vanishing game
Talking to the dead : religion, music, and lived memory among Gullah-Geechee women
I am Pilgrim : a thriller
Hold me closer, necromancer
One good turn
Goodbye for now
The Kurosagi corpse delivery service. Omnibus edition. Book one
Heavenly Bodies : cult treasures & spectacular saints from the catacombs
Dead in tombstone
Your servants and your people
The silenced
Rituals of death and dying in modern and ancient Greece : writing history from a female perspective
Death embodied : archaeological approaches to the treatment of the corpse
Give up the ghost
Death, mourning, and the afterlife in Korea : from ancient to contemporary times
The Kurosagi corpse delivery service. Vol. 3
Blood on the tongue
Until the darkness comes
The cult of the dead in Chinese village
Advances in forensic human identification
The dead without status
Narratives of sorrow and dignity : Japanese women, pregnancy loss, and modern rituals of grieving
The dead and their possessions : repatriation in principle, policy and practice
The afterlife academy
The Kurosagi corpse delivery service. Vol. 4
Ashes to dust
From the dead
Death, materiality and mediation : an ethnography of remembrance in Ireland
"By expanding the definition of "epistle" to include any writing that addresses the intended receiver directly, JaHyun Kim Haboush introduces readers to the rich epistolary practice of Chosŏn Korea. The Chosŏn dynasty (1392-1910) produced an abundance of epistles, writings that mirror the genres of neighboring countries (especially China) while retaining their own specific historical trajectory. Written in both literary Chinese and vernacular Korean, the writings collected here range from royal public edicts to private letters, a fascinating array that blurs the line between classical and everyday language and the divisions between men and women. Haboush's selections also recast the relationship between epistolography and the concept of public and private space. Haboush groups her epistles according to where they were written and read : public letters, letters to colleagues and friends, social letters, and family letters. Then she arranges them according to occasion : letters on leaving home, deathbed letters, letters of fiction, and letters to the dead. She examines the mechanics of epistles, their communicative space, and their cultural and political meaning. With its wholly unique collection of materials, "Epistolary Korea" produces more than a vivid chronicle of pre- and early modern Korean life. It breaks new ground in establishing the terms of a distinct, non-European form of epistolography."-- Back cover.
The graveyard book
Sam LaCroix, a Seattle fast-food worker and college dropout, discovers that he is a necromancer, part of a world of harbingers, werewolves, satyrs, and one particular necromancer who sees Sam as a threat to his lucrative business of raising the dead.
Translating politico-juridical texts in the context of war and conflict : a self-reflective study on Hebrew-Finnish translation
The portrait
Dead beautiful
The Kurosagi corpse delivery service. Vol. 7
This river awakens
Ghost talker's daydream. 2
Pyramids : a Discworld novel
Number one in heaven : the heroes who died for rock 'n' roll
Drug epidemiology, interactions and pharmacogenetics : a post-mortem database study
Tim Burton's Corpse bride
Ancestor worship in contemporary Japan
Sleeping beauty = La belle au bois dormant. 2, Grief, bereavement and the family in memorial photography : American & European traditions = La famille face à la douleur et au deuil à travers la photographie funéraire : tradition Américaine & Européenne
Ghost talker's daydream. 3
The dead place : a Cooper & Fry mystery
The disorderly body : considerations of The Book of Numbers, 19 and ritual impurity after contact with a corpse
The Legacy of the Bones
The social life of dreams : a thousand years of negotiated meanings in Iceland
Ancestors as sources of authority and potency among the Bentian of East Kalimantan
The Kurosagi corpse delivery service. Vol. 9
Ghost talker's daydream. 1
Ghost talker's daydream. 4
Introduction
Resurrection, revenance, and exhumation : the problematics ot the dead body in songs and laments
The Kurosagi corpse delivery service. Vol. 8
Small blue thing
Photography and death
The taxidermist's daughter
Messages from the otherworld : the roles of the dead in medieval Iceland
Stiff : the curious lives of human cadavers
Ancestor worship in Northern Europe [provisional title]
Heavenly bodies : cult treasures &​ spectacular saints from the catacombs
The forgotten girls
After the death of her father, Zoe loses herself in a dreamscape until a chance encounter at a used record store opens up a portal to the world of the restless dead, forcing her to decide how far she is willing to go to see her father again
A year after arresting Jason Medina for the rape and murder of his step-daughter, Detective Inspector Amaia Salazar has one last duty to complete before starting her maternity leave attending Medina's trial. Then the trial is suddenly called off.
The trouble with Harry
Death at Whitewater church : an Inishowen mystery
Playing dead : mock trauma and folk drama in staged high school drunk-driving tragedies
Sisters of blood and spirit
"Feeding the dead" : women "doing" religion and kinship in traditional Russian Orthodox Karelia
Jabmek and Jabmeaimo : a comparative study of the dead and the realm of the dead in Lappish religion
The notable brain of Maximilian Ponder
Sweetheart
Barsk : the elephants' graveyard
Loving dead
Necromancing the stone
Death and ritual : funerary rites in India and the Philippines
Tim Burton's corpse bride
Fairy paths & spirit roads : exploring otherworldly routes in the old and new worlds
Virtual afterlives : grieving the dead in the twenty-first century
Living with the dead : ancestor worship and mortuary ritual in ancient Egypt
Sabriel, daughter of the necromancer Abhorsen, must journey into the mysterious and magical Old Kingdom to rescue her father from the Land of the Dead
Araya Rasdjarmrearnsook : why is it poetry rather than awareness?, 2000-2002
Spook's. A new darkness
War and shadows : the haunting of Vietnam
Hillsborough : the truth
The beginner's goodbye : a novel
Memory and representation : constructed truths and competing realities
Death and memory in early medieval Britain
Tales from the darkside
The betrayal of trust
The strain
Araya Rasdjarmrearnsook : art and words
As forensic human identification receives increased global attention, practitioners, policy makers, and students need an appropriate resource that describes current methods and modalities that have shaped today's policies and protocols. A supplemental follow-up to Forensic Human Identification: An Introduction, Advances in Forensic Human Identification covers advances in the most well-known scientific techniques and discusses new and developing subjects and modalities of human identification. A collection of contributions from worldwide experts, the book embraces a broad.
The raven boys
The foreigners buried in Isfahan, Iran = Ārāmgāh-i ḫāriǧiyān dar Iṣfahān
