http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20001 stay-at-home mothers
stay-at-home mothers
Little children
White, male and middle-class : explorations in feminism and history
How the sun got to Coco's house
Be frank with me
Women and household labor
Grassroots pacifism in post-war Japan : the rebirth of a nation
Reclusive literary legend M. M. 'Mimi' Banning has been holed up in her Bel Air mansion for years. But after falling prey to a Bernie Madoff-style ponzi scheme, she's flat broke. Now Mimi must write a new book for the first time in decades, and to ensure the timely delivery of her manuscript, her New York publisher sends an assistant to monitor her progress. The prickly Mimi reluctantly complies, with a few stipulations: No Ivy-Leaguers or English majors. Must drive, cook, tidy. Computer whiz. Good with kids. Quiet, discreet, sane. When Alice Whitley arrives at the Banning mansion, she's put to work right away-as a full-time companion to Frank, the writer's eccentric nine-year-old, a boy with the wit of Noel Coward, the wardrobe of a 1930s movie star, and very little in common with his fellow fourth-graders.
Cash-for-childcare : the consequences for caring mothers
Twentieth-century housewives : meanings and implications of unpaid work
The parlour and the suburb : domestic identities, class, femininity and modernity
The illustrated history of the housewife, 1650-1950
The economic emergence of women
Becoming a mother
The silent cry : alone, there is nothing Kim can do as her mother's mental health spirals out of control
The secret life of a slummy mummy
To work or not to work? : the effect of child-care subsidies on the labour supply of parents
Feeding the family : the social organization of caring as gendered work
Opportunities, constraints and constrained opportunities : a study on mothers' working time patterns in 22 European countries
Country : a novel
Motherhood
Home away from home : Japanese corporate wives in the United States
Rocks in the belly
A link in the chain : the story of the Irish housewives association 1942-1992
This insightful book examines the meaning of, and impacts on, cash-for-care systems for mothers of small children. The contributors present a comprehensive overview of the major political and economic contradictions, theoretical debates concerning cash-for-care, and explore the possibility of implementing it into the social policy system. In social research, cash-for-care is often described as a reactionary benefit that operates against the women's interests. Economists, in turn, ask why the state should pay for reducing female employment and for care that is given anyway. Nevertheless, 'woman-friendly' Nordic countries have introduced cash-for-childcare schemes and many parents are willing to use them. The book examines the payment schemes as a complex whole, where on the one hand the scheme responds to the parents' desires, but on the other, produces some questionable consequences. The authors highlight conditions in which cash-for-childcare schemes would not reflect any anachronism but instead will function as a useful tool of contemporary social policy. This unique book provides a broad theoretical and empirical view on cash for childcare. It will prove invaluable for academics of social work and policy. Politicians, social policy administrators and labour market researchers interested in family issues will also find this important resource an enriching read.
Tracy Beaker trilogy
Come on everybody, time to play!
The gender factory : the apportionment of work in American households
The relationship between feminism and domesticity has recently come in for renewed interest in popular culture. This collection makes an intervention into the debates surrounding feminism's contentious relationship with domesticity and domestic femininities in popular culture. It offers an understanding of the place of domesticity in contemporary popular culture whilst considering how these domesticities might be understood from a feminist perspective. All the essays contribute to a more complex understanding of the relationships between feminism, femininity and domesticity, developing new ways of theorizing these relationships that have marked much of feminist history. Essay topics include Marguerite Patten, reality television shows like How Clean is Your House?, the figure of the maid in contemporary American cinema, aging or widowed domestic femininities, and the relationship between domesticity and motherhood.
The patron saint of liars
Where did all the men go? : female-headed/female-supported households in cross-cultural perspective
"Just a housewife" : the rise and fall of domesticity in America
What she left behind
The narrative of the happy and professional housewife? : images and practices related to housewives in Finland in the 1950s
Mothers raising sons : what every mother needs to know to save her sanity!
Two nests
Goodnight nobody : a novel
My name is Mina
Does unemployment contribute to ill-being : results from a panel study among adult Finns, 1989/90 and 1997
Life swap
Solace of the road
Mean moms rule : why doing the hard stuff now creates good kids later
The friends we keep
An analysis of women's unpaid role in the home. Written from a feminist perspective, "Housewife" aims to challenge the set of conventional values which label work a masculine activity and assign women to the home in the role of wife, mother and housekeeper. Oakley traces the historical development of the housewife role, explores the influence of industrialization and examines the situation of women today. Her analysis is illustrated with four case histories.
Arjen helpotusta vai turhaa ylellisyyttä : työssäkäyvien äitien ajatuksia kotitaloustyön teettämisestä = Making life easier or just unnecessary luxury : thoughts of working mothers buying household services
More work for mother : the ironies of household technology from the open hearth to the microwave
The medieval housewife & other women of the Middle Ages
Women, men and children in families : private troubles and public issues
Mamma mia ... that's life!
The study investigates parental child rearing methods, structural factors relating to the family during adolescence geographic segregation, individual resource deficits and social background of first time late live births among 32 to 37 years old women and compare to teenagers before becoming teenage mothers. The purpose is to study if results will be consistent with the hypotheses that poverty, social deprivation during adolescence and low education are causes of teen childbearing but also childlessness among elder women in the age group 32 to 37 years old. Could childlessness as well as teenage motherhood bee seen as a consequence of social deprivation and lack of educational possibilities? A discrete-time proportional hazard Cox model is applied to analyze the longitudinal observations of population-based registers covering 1980-2003 for girls born in 1966. Results show a significant economic and social gradient for first-time teenage mothers. Teenagers who had experienced family separation or who were formerly in out-of-home care in particular had an increased risk of early childbearing. Results showed that teenage mothers were in every respect in a more disadvantaged position than pregnant teenagers who had an induced abortion. Quite the opposite pattern is disclosed for late motherhood. Late first time childbirth is more commonly seen among women with a better family background and educated position than childless women in the same age group. The late first-time pregnant women who chose abortion are in a more disadvantaged position than the women who become a mother for the first time in the age group 32 to 37 years old. Conclusion: Disadvantage during adolescence is a precursor for teenage child bearing while parental unemployment and poverty are precursors of lifetime childlessness. While social disadvantage is a precursor for first time late abortion among 32 to 37 years old women, the teenage mothers are in a more disadvantage position than teenagers who choose induced abortions. Social disadvantages inflict at the same time early motherhood and childlessness because social disadvantages influence young women differently than elder women. .
A place to call home
The saffron kitchen
Women and family in contemporary Japan
The neutered mother, the sexual family and other twentieth century tragedies
The heartbreaking true story of a young, troubled mother who needed help. The sixteenth fostering memoir by Cathy Glass. It s a big, exciting moment for Laura when she decides to finally take her new baby out to the school playground for the first time ever. What should be a happy, magical moment quickly sours, however, when Laura suddenly feels queasy and runs off back home. None of the other schoolyard mothers seem to notice this troubled, struggling woman apart from Cathy. But when Cathy tries to help, she finds herself hitting wall after wall. Laura needs medical help but refuses to see a doctor. Her own cold mother refuses to help. It is left to Cathy to try and bring light to this dark and dangerous place.
Izzy Stone struggles to solve the mysteries surrounding her mentally ill mother and discover a place to truly call home.
There's no one I love like you
The paradox of natural mothering
Class work : mothers' involvement in their children's primary schooling
Little mouse
The feminist, the housewife, and the soap opera
Starring Tracy Beaker
Country
'Between worlds' : deaf women, work, and intersections of gender and ability
Selling Mrs. Consumer : Christine Frederick & the rise of household efficiency
Weeds. Season eight
The truth about you
The making of the modern family
Early and late motherhood : economic, family background and social conditions
Japanese femininities
Feminism, domesticity and popular culture
The Japanese housewife overseas : adapting to change of culture and status
Daisy and the trouble with life
A view from the interior : women & design
Housewife
Images of houswifery : women narrating their choice to be a houswife in the 1950s in the Swedish-speaking parts of Finland
Weeds. Season seven
A game for all the family
Working mothers in Finland: a cross-country comparison of work to family interference, work characteristics and satisfaction with life
Old school ties
Kelly & Cal
Mr. Woodcock
