http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20056 action films
action films
Fist of Fury
Seagalogy: a study of the ass-kicking films of Steven Seagal
Blaxploitation films
Danny the dog
Prometheus
Ashanti
Kaikki huutaa Charlie Wright = Across the line
Rocky : special edition
Ghost dog : the way of samurai
Bond on Bond : the ultimate book on 50 years of Bond movies
End of days : music from and inspired by the motion picture
Armageddon
Friday night lights
James Bond encyclopedia
Notes from my travels : visits with refugees in Africa, Cambodia, Pakistan and Ecuador
Chasing dragons : an introduction to the Martial Arts Film
Pyhimys. Sopiva hirviö
Attack force
Rush of fear
Blood Money
Officer down
The art of Captain America, civil war
The James Bond songs : pop anthems of late capitalism
Prison Block
Geronimo : an American legend
Bodyguards and assassins
Ninja : shadow of a tear
Top Gun : lentäjistä parhain : special dvd edition
Dick Tracy
"May contain graphic material" : comic books, graphic novels, and film
New Hollywood : der amerikanische Film nach 1968 : the American film after 1968
The art of Pirates of the Caribbean
Last man standing : tales from tinseltown
World invasion : Battle Los Angeles
Blood Brothers
Jurassic world
M:i:III : 2-disc collector's edition
Planning and Implementation of Marketing Communications Campaign for Finnish Film Princess : Case: The European Union Film Festival 2010
The Last drop
Genre screenwriting : how to write popular screenplays that sell
James Bond : the secret history
Exploring co-creation of educational videos in an international collaborative context
Primeval : the hunt for a killer
Way of the dragon
Tower of death
Captain America : the first avenger
Some kind of hero : 007 : the remarkable story of the James Bond films
Hong Kong action cinema
A common man
Preacher. Book 4 : Ancient history / Garth Ennis, writer ; Steve Pugh, Carlos Ezquerra, Richard Case, artists
Cleaner
The Asian influence on Hollywood action films
Night watch : Yövahti
A better tomorrow 1
Licence to thrill : a cultural history of the James Bond films
Shanghai knights
Deep impact
Smokin' Aces
Bond cars and vehicles
Empire State
The amazing Spider-man : behind the scenes & beyond the web
The ultimate guide to martial arts movies of the 1970s
Business plans for filmmakers
The following paper introduces an innovative international collaboration in teacher education held in 2014. This event, described as an educational video challenge, was organized as a 72 hour, hackathon-style educational experience in which university-level students worked together in teams to co-create educational videos. The objective of the challenge event was to encourage teacher students to explore the design and use of educational videos for use in their teaching practice. The challenge was simultaneously held at three universities in Finland, Austria and Germany and culminated in the screening of completed student-generated videos. The majority of videos produced during the event were trigger videos, while findings from a preliminary assessment conducted with participants suggest that an educational video challenge format shows promise as an effective method for enhancing skills associated with teaching through video and engaging participants in dialogue connected to practice.
Can you dig it? : the music and politics of black action films 1968-75. Volume one
Daniel Craig : the biography
Can you dig it? : the music and politics of black action films
Casshern
The Italian job
Licence to thrill : a cultural history of the James Bonds films
Rush hour. 2
Beat at Cinecittà. Volume 2 : More raunchy, erotic film music from the vaults of Italian 60s & 70s cinema
Ritarin tarina : En riddares historia
The DV rebel's guide : an all-digital approach to making killer action movies on the cheap
The Tourist
Indiana Jones and the kingdom of the crystal skull
The modern amazons : warrior women on-screen
The Covenant
Film festival : Hong Kong Action Theatre
The Big boss
Extra-ordinary men : white heterosexual masculinity in contemporary popular cinema
Martial arts : P. T. J. Rance
The art of the Matrix
Vihreän timantin metsästys = Romancing the stone
Modesty Blaise : the beginning
Thor : the dark world
Red. 2
Pyhimys. Tuplatimantit
Stand off
