http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20095 Lithuanians
Lithuanians
The cultural activities of Lithuanian émigrés
History of the Lithuanian nation
This book brings together life stories from five generations of Balts, living through the diverse and recurring transformations of the twentieth century: occupations, war, independence, totalitarianism, and democratic rule and market economy. The twentieth century history of the Baltic countries has often been deeply tragic. Lying on the coastline of the Baltic Sea, these rather small but strategically well located territories have historically found themselves in the middle of many power struggles between larger states, empires and other power-holders: the Teutonic Knights, Swedish kings, Tsarist Russia, Nazi Germany, the Soviet Union. Today, they are once again forced to stand up to the Russian Federation. Biographical interviewing is a field focused on individuals, and on how those individuals choose to re-create and present their lived lives, make meaning of it through the narratives they tell. To interpret the biographical narrations of Lithuanians, Latvians and Estonians, shaped by complex and controversial historical background, the authors use Pierre Bourdieu's concept of social and cultural capitals, the principles of Erving Goffman's framing analysis and Alessandro Portelli's distinction of private and public spheres, Anton Steen's investigations of post-Socialist elites and Piotr Sztompka's theory of cultural trauma, etc. Given analyses of particular biographical narrations are supplemented by brief historical and sociological overviews, which allow the reader to better understand the contexts of lived lives, and the mental atmosphere in which the interviews were conducted.
Siberia : Mass deportations from Lithuania to the USSR
Baltic studies in Australia. 1
This article looks at the ways Lithuanian emigrants in the U.S. experience attachment to their homeland. The text intends to conceptualize the importance of ethnicity, creation of emotional bond with the home country, fellow citizens, and the government. Empirical data were collected by the author of the article during the ethnographic fieldtrip in the USA. A pilot fieldwork was conducted in March, 2007, on the West Coast, California: San Diego, Santa Monica, Los Angeles, Mission Viejo, and Orange County. The main field study was done in April-June, 2008, on the East Coast: New York (NY), Pittsfield (MA), Jersey City (NJ), Philadelphia (PA), Brattleboro (VT); and in the Central part: Chicago (IL). The last stage of the fieldwork was completed in October-November, 2013, again, on the East Coast - in New York (NY). During the fieldwork, “emic” data and visual recordings were collected through participant observation and qualitative semi-structured interviews. As the article points out, while living in the U.S., “Lithuanian” symbols help emigrants to maintain the transnational link with their country of origin allowing to create their private spaces of “home” where they feel safe and, sometimes, as if they have never left Lithuania. Despite the fact that Lithuanian Americans express predominantly negative attitudes toward their home country and people who remained there, it could not be argued that they have emotionally distanced themselves from their motherland in order to re-create their own identity by denying ethnic roots. Even negative narratives about Lithuania reveal the presence of nostalgia, the immigrants' need to talk about Lithuania and the mass of questions that remain unanswered or unresolved..
"Appearing on the world stage in 1918, Lithuania suffered numerous invasions, border changes and large scale population displacements.The successive occupations of Stalin in 1940 and Hitler in 1941, mass deportations to the Gulag and the elimination of the Jewish community in the Holocaust gave the horrors of World War II a special ferocity. Moreover, the fighting continued after 1945 with the anti-Soviet insurrection, crushed through mass deportations and forced collectivization in 1948-1951. At no point, however, did the process of national consolidation take a pause, making Lithuania an improbably representative case study of successful nation-building in this troubled region. As postwar reconstruction gained pace, ethnic Lithuanians from the countryside--the only community to remain after the war in significant numbers--were mobilized to work in the cities. They streamed into factory and university alike, creating a modern urban society, with new elites who had a surprising degree of freedom to promote national culture. This book describes how the national cultural elites constructed a Soviet Lithuanian identity against a backdrop of forced modernization in the fifties and sixties, and how they subsequently took it apart by evoking the memory of traumatic displacement in the seventies and eighties, later emerging as prominent leaders of the popular movement against Soviet rule"--
The Museum of Genocide Victims : a guide to the exhibitions : compiled by Virginija Rudienė, Vilma Jouzevičiūtė
The making and breaking of Soviet Lithuania : memory and modernity in the wake of war
The Finno-Ugric peoples
Lithuanian emigration to the United States 1868-1950
Baltic biographies at historical crossroads
Archaeology, religion and folklore in the Baltic Sea Region
Lost and found : the discovery of Lithuania in American fiction
Lithuanian diaspora
The engrossing history of Lithuania = Idomioji Lietuvos istorija
Defining self : essays on emergent identities in Russia seventeenth to nineteenth centuries
Jews, lithuanians and the holocaust
Where we come from : the origin of the Lithuanian people
A garland of rue : Lithuanian folksongs of love and betrothal
Reflections of belief systems in Karelian and Lithuanian laments : shared systems of traditional referentiality?
Polish-Lithuanian Karaite Hebrew zemirot: imitation only? : A review on a marginal genre
The Baltic states : Latvia, Lithuania & Estonia
Making Russians : meaning and practice of russification in Lithuania and Belarus after 1863
Memories and visions
Abstracts in English.
Forms of attachment to a home country: Lithuanians in the USA
The lithuanians in Poland - The poles in Lithuania : 1994
Baltic studies in Australia. 2
Lithuanian identity and values
