http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2001 wide area networks
wide area networks
Future vision of regional health care : Regional Health Care Service Network
The regional impact of the Channel Tunnel throughout the Community
CCNA self-study CCNA INTRO exam certification guide
Geographical perspectives on the development of power distribution systems in sparsely populated areas
Dependence of Arctic char (Salvelinus alpinus L.) on littoral and pelagic energy sources in a subarctic lake, Saanajärvi
e-City : analysing efforts to generate local dynamism in the city of Tampere
Network+ certification all-in-one exam guide
New technologies and regional development
Analysis of technology and business antecedents for spectrum sharing in mobile broadband networks
Spectrum sharing using cognitive radio system capabilities : methods to obtain and exploit knowledge of spectrum availability
Communication in smart grids using LTE
Network fundamentals : CCNA exploration companion guide
Tourism and regional development : new pathways
CCNP BCMSN official exam certification guide : CCNP self-study
CCNP ONT official exam certification guide
Co-primary multi-operator resource sharing for small cell networks
Cisco Networking Academy Program : first-year companion guide
CCNA official exam certification library
Private cloud computing : consolidation, virtualization, and service-oriented infrastructure
Introduction to networks : companion guide
RF fingerprinting for user locationing in LTE/WLAN networks
CCNA routing and switching ICND2 200-101 official cert guide
The aim of this thesis is to devise novel co-primary spectrum sharing (CoPSS) methods for future fifth generation (5G) networks and beyond. The target is to improve data rates of small cell networks (SCNs) in which mobile network operators (MNOs) share their dedicated frequency spectrum (spectrum pooling) or a common spectrum (mutual renting). The performance of the proposed methods is assessed through extensive system-level simulations.MNOs typically acquire exclusive usage rights for certain frequency bands and have little incentive to share spectrums with other operators. However, due to higher cost and spectrum scarcity at lower frequencies it is expected that efficient use of the spectrum in 5G networks will rely more on spectrum sharing than exclusive licenses. This is especially true for new higher candidate frequencies (> 6 GHz) that do not have a pre-existing spectrum regulation framework.In the first part of the thesis, we tackle the challenge of providing higher data rates within limited spectral resources. Each SCN MNO has its own dedicated spectrum, and each MNO defines a percentage of how much its spectrum it is willing to share. The idea of the proposed CoPSS algorithms is that the spectrum is dynamically shared among MNOs based on their spectrum utilization, which is shared among MNOs in the network. This way interference can be avoided and spectrum utilization is maximized. Unused resources are shared equally between overloaded MNOs for a given time instant. Thus, only short-term fairness among overloaded SCNs can be guaranteed.In the second part, we consider a multi-operator small cell network where MNOs share a common pool of radio resources. The goal is to ensure the long term fairness of spectrum sharing without coordination among small cell base stations. We develop a decentralized control mechanism for base stations using the Gibbs sampling based learning tool, which allocates suitable amount of the spectrum for each base station while avoiding interference from SCNs and maximizing the total network throughput.In the studied scenarios, we show the importance of coordination among MNOs when the dedicated spectrum is shared. However, when MNOs share a common spectrum, a decentralized control mechanism can be used to allocate suitable amounts of spectrum for each base station. The proposed algorithms are shown to be effective for different network layouts, by achieving significant data rate enhancements with a low overhead.
Accessing the WAN : CCNA exploration labs and study guide
CCIE : Cisco certified internetwork expert : study guide
European urban and regional studies
Building Windows NT network with TCP/IP protocol
ICT cluster study Helsinki region
Practical telecommunications and wireless communications for business and industry
Networking with Windows 2000 and 2003
CCNA ICND2 : 640-816 official cert guide
Tietotekniikan yleiskaapelointi = Information technology : general cabling
Mobile network reception problems in low energy buildings : working group report
Data and computer communications
Cisco Networking Academy Program : second-year companion guide
CCNA self-study : CCNA certification library : the official self-study test preparation package for the Cisco CCNA 640-801, ICND 640-811 and INTRO 640-821 exams. CCNA ICND : exam certification guide
Development of sensor integrated and inkjet-printed tag antennas for passive UHR RFID systems
Deploying Cisco wide area application services
Aspects of capacity enhancement techniques in cellular networks
Report of the Information Society Advisory Board 2001 : to the Finnish Government on 20 June 2001.
CCNP ISCW official exam certification guide
Trans-European networks and islands
This thesis focuses on THz band channel modeling and characterization. This vast frequency band spans from 100 GHz to 10 THz. The approximately 10,000 GHz bandwidth together with advances in THz capable electronics have made this band highly potential for many future applications, e.g., imaging and nanodevice-to-nanodevice communications. The latter is the reference application of this thesis and it focuses on the communication among very small and simple devices. The main focus of the thesis is on the THz channel characterization. Therefore, the channel models presented herein are also suitable for communications at macroscopic scale.The THz band offers opportunities, but has many problems as well. One of these is molecular absorption, which causes frequency selective fading to signals. The fading is caused by the signals' energy absorption in the resonance frequencies of the molecules in the communication medium. Based on the conservation of energy, the absorption is understood to cause a new type of noise in the THz links: transmission induced noise. This noise component is analyzed from multiple physical viewpoints. The THz signals have short enough wavelengths to theoretically allow scattering on aerosols in the atmosphere. Scattering causes frequency dependent loss of the signals, but also a signal spread in time over multiple scattering events. It is shown here that in some speciﬁc atmospheric conditions the scattering causes signal loss and time spread. In addition to the theoretical channel models, measurements on a variety of propagation phenomena are conducted and analyzed. These include penetration losses, rough surface reﬂections and scattering, and diffraction. Through the measurements, it can be shown that the THz band communications is feasible in non-line-of-sight (NLOS) conditions in spite of the above phenomena.In the last part of this thesis, stochastic geometry is applied to the THz band in order to estimate the mean interference power and outage probabilities in dense networks formed from nanodevices. Because of the large losses in the channel, large interference levels require large numbers of devices. Stochastic geometry offers perfect tools to estimate the mean interference, and also in the case of directional antennas, which are most likely implemented in all the THz band devices due to large power losses in the channel.
CCENT/CCNA ICND1 100-101 official Cert guide
Training university personnel for the information society : the Finnish TieVie project
Annual report of the Cohesion Fund ..
Innovation networks : spatial perspectives
Redesign enterprise network by local Internet breakout : case study
CCNA: Cisco Certfied Network Associate : fast pass
Secondary spectrum usage in TV white space
Multi-carrier digital communications : theory and applications of OFDM
Accessing the WAN : CCNA exploration companion guide
Hands-on networking fundamentals
Cisco Networking Academy Program : CCNA 1 and 2 companion guide
Cisco networking academy program : CCNA 3 and 4 companion guide
Next-generation network services
Plant-soil interactions in cold climate
Analysis of the spatial throughput in interference networks
Annual report of the Cohesion Fund 1999
Mobile broadcasting wit WiMAX : principles, technology, and applications
Smart living - focus on home and intelligent city of Cyberjaya in Malaysia
Cisco networking academy program : CCNA 1 and 2 companion guide
CCNA DATA CENTER :  introducing cisco data center networking : study guide
Cisco CCNA Routing and Switching ICND2 200-101 Official Cert GuideAcademic Edition
Cisco networking for dummies
Development perspectives for the wider European territory : proceedings of a joint conference held in Dresden 15-16 November 1993
Delivering carrier Ethernet : extending Ethernet beyond the LAN
Nanoscale sensor networks : the THz band as a communication channel
CCENT/CCNA ICND1 100-105 official cert guide
World city network : a global urban analysis
Education, applied research and regional development : an emerging triangular trend in educational technology R&D at AVERKO
CCENT/CCNA ICND1 : 640-822 official cert guide
Design, analysis and simulations of medium access control protocols for high and low data rate applications
Traffic and regional structure 2010 : prospects and alternative strategies for development around the Baltic and in Finland
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
Applied information technology research : articles by cooperative science network
Internetworking technologies handbook
Actor-networks of Northern lights tourism in Iceland, Norway and Finland
Sharing is emerging as one of the megatrends influencing future business opportunities, and wireless communications is no exception to this development. Future mobile broadband networks will operate on different types of spectrum bands including shared spectrum, which calls for changes in the operation and management of the networks. The creation and capture of value by the different players in the mobile broadband ecosystem is expected to change due to regulation, technology, and business landscape related drivers that concern not only spectrum sharing, but also sharing of other resources such as infrastructure, technologies, or data. This thesis examines the key business and technology enablers needed to exploit spectrum sharing in mobile broadband networks, and presents the business model characteristics and strategic choices that spectrum sharing concepts support. Action research and integral scenarios methodologies were applied for strategic and business analysis utilizing the capacity and expertise of the policy, business and technology research communities. The thesis introduces a new approach to analyze the scalability of the spectrum sharing concepts and their business model elements utilizing sharing economy antecedent factors. The results indicate that all analyzed sharing concepts meet basic requirements to scale. The Licensed Shared Access (LSA) leverages existing assets and capabilities of the mobile network operator domain, the Citizens Broadband Radio Service (CBRS) extends the business model dynamics from connectivity to content, context and commerce, and the hybrid usage of Ultra High Frequency (UHF) band by Digital Terrestrial TV (DTT) and downlink Long Term Evolution (LTE) (HUHF) enables new collaborative opportunities between converging communication, Internet and media domains. The thesis validates the feasibility of spectrum sharing between mobile broadband networks and other types of incumbent spectrum users utilizing Finnish cognitive radio field trial environment (CORE), and expands the notion of spectrum sharing beyond the mobile broadband domain to be applied to other wireless systems including the media and broadcasting. The presented results can be used in developing the future mobile broadband systems enhanced with innovative spectrum sharing enabled business models to cope with the growing demand for capacity and new services by humans and machines.
Ohranâemye territorii prirody v Del'te Leny i na Novosibirskih ostrovah = Lena Delta and New Siberian Islands Nature Reserve = Naturschutzgebiet Lena-Delta und Neusibirische Inseln
Cooperative spectrum sensing schemes for future dynamic spectrum access infrastructures
Industrial networks and proximity
CCNA ICND2 : official exam certification guide
Studies on retina-specific gene expression
CCNA exploration course booklet. Accessing the WAN version 4.0
CCNA: Cisco Certified Network Associate : study guide
