http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20005 leading articles
leading articles
Cuneiform texts in the Metropolitan Museum of Art
Comparing the editorials of Finnish and British popular tabloids
Surface bubbles
Editorial : Resistance revisited
Just for fun?
Microinnovations in human-technology interaction
"Public opinion" trends in prewar Japan, 1918-1943 : a thematic content analysis of the Asahi, Mainichi and Yomiuri editorials and Chuo Koron "Kantogen"
Kuinka kertoa arkkitehtuurista = How to communicate about architecture?
Materiaalin tuntu = The sense of material
Neo-Sumerian texts from South Dakota University, Luther and Union Colleges : autograph copies and indexes of cuneiform documents
At the crossroads
Theme: Current developments in pharmaceutical policy and services in Finland
We and I.
Rebellions and peripheries in the cuneiform world
New directions
A new look for the daughter of the baltic
Changing economies : the case of Helsinki
Sense and sensibility
State archives of Assyria. Vol. 7, Imperial administrative records, part 1 : Palace and temple administration
Hezekiah and the Assyrian spies : reconstruction of the Neo-Assyrian intelligence services and its significance for 2 kings 18-19
Inscriptions from al-Hiba-Lagash : the first and second seasons
"The cuneiform script, the writing system of ancient Mesopotamia, was witness to one of the world's oldest literate cultures. For over three millennia, it was the vehicle of communication from (at its greatest extent) Iran to the Mediterranean, Anatolia to Egypt. The Oxford Handbook of Cuneiform Culture examines the Ancient Middle East through the lens of cuneiform writing. The contributors, a mix of scholars from across the disciplines, explore, define, and to some extent look beyond the boundaries of the written word, using Mesopotamia's clay tablets and stone inscriptions not just as 'texts' but also as material artefacts that offer much additional information about their creators, readers, users and owners"--Provided by publisher.
The omen series šumma izbu
Mathematical cuneiform texts
The importance of chatter
Editorial : In review
Competition escalates for centres of design excellence = Muotoilun osaamiskeskusten kilpailu kiihtyy
Transformation of the Finnish higher education and research : new challenges for research
Miscellaneous Assyrian texts of the British Museum with textual notes
The cuneiform texts
The archæology of the cuneiform inscriptions
Excavations at Nuzi. Volume 3, Old Akkadian, Sumerian and Cappadocian texts from Nuzi
The quiet fascination of photographs
Koti maapallon laidalla = A home at the edge of the world
Making a classic is hard work
Tilaa kasvulle = Room for growth
Learning as a continuous process throughout life : keys to life-long learning
Old Babylonian account texts in the Horn Archaeology Museum
The structure of English editorials with special reference to the directives
Cultural diversity and cows' stomachs
Theme : Current developments in pharmaceutical policy and services in Finland
From human needs, for the people
Human Technology : Toward the Second Decade
The Sui dynasty
The art of imagination
Old babylonian texts from Kish : conserved in the Istanbul Achaelogical Museum
Cuneiform texts : administrative texts from the Ur III dynasty
Sustainable tourism in nature areas
Inscribed Babylonian Tablets in the posession of sir Henry Peek, bart
Editorial : violence, beauty and so many disturbing differences
State archives of Assyria. Vol. 12, Grants, decrees and gifts of the Neo-Assyrian period
On a journey towards peace : metaphors in news reports on the Yugoslav war
Cuneiform texts : texts of varying content
Helsingin vanha kaupunki maailmanperintölistalle = Old Helsinki for the World Heritage List
Neo-Sumerian account texts in the Horn Archaeological Museum. [1]
Assyro-Babylonian liver-divination
Times of change
Royal inscriptions and fragments from Nippur and Babylon
Lanscape as identity
Pro finnish design 2001 : the everyday face of finnish design
Architecture is neither arts nor craft
Art creates meaning
Katosiko arkkitehti mediayhteiskuntaan? = Did the architect get lost in the media society?
The vassal-treaties of Esarhaddon
Who can manage life?
Cuneiform texts : old Babylonian contracts and related material
Neo-Sumerian account texts in the Horn Archaeological Museum. [2]
Historical and grammatical texts
Human-Technology Choreographies : Body, Movement, and Space
Metrolla kansallispuistoon = A metroride to the national park
Views on the news : the developing editorial syndrome 1500-1800
State archives of Assyria. Vol. 11, Imperial administrative records, part 2 : Provincial and military administration
"Fun, Fearless Females" : descriptions of the Cosmo Girl in the editorials of Cosmopolitan UK
Neo-Sumerian account texts in the Horn Archaeological Museum. [3]
The Finnish journal of proprietary pharmacists : international issue
The Nimrud wine lists : a study of men and administration at the Assyrian capital in the eighth centuury B.C
Tensions in human-technology research
Intergrated multi-disciplinary research creates pioneership
Analysis of newspaper editorials : a study of argumentative text structure
Valon voimasta = Of the power of light
Questions and answers
Cuneiform texts : the archives of Nūršamaš and other loans
A step into the darkness
Intuitions in human-technology interaction design
Editorial : Professional Fields, Women's Agency
The right concepts for the right problems
Towards a faster publication process
Transform of the finnish higher education and research : new challanges for research
Creative Finland
Northern stars : young designers 2000.
The face in the mirror
"Women will, we are perfectly confident, rise to the occasion." : Evaluative language use as persuasion in editorials on women's suffrage in New Zeland
Scientific and design stances
Change and Continuity
State archives of Assyria. Vol. 4, Queries to the Sungod : divination and politics in Sargonid Assyria
Make our own future enjoyable and competitive
Identifying risk with medication use : beyond error reporting
The Oxford handbook of cuneiform culture
Extinction thresholds : insights from ecology, genetics, epidemiology and behaviour : preface
Editor and editorial writer
The seven tablets of creation : or the Babylonian and Assyrian legends concerning the creation of the world and of mankind
Late Babylonian astronomical and related texts
Editorial : Nordic matters
Editorial : Challenging Nordic Equality  Couples, Power Relations and Intersectionalities
New approaches for lifelong learning needed?
Desperately seeking involvement : involvement features in British and American newspaper editorials and news reports
Cuneiform in Canaan : cuneiform sources from the Land of Israel in ancient times
Cuneiform texts : old Babylonian contracts and juridical texts
Älykäs toimistotalo esikouluasteella = The intelligent office still in its infancy
Find us a new Damien Hirst, quickly!
Good design grows global : the Fennia Prize 2003 Competition
Athenian angles
State archives of Assyria. Vol. 10, Letters from Assyrian and Babylonian scholars
Innovation, learning, and communities
Babylonian hymns and prayers by David W. Myhrman
Babylonian penitential psalms to which are added fragments of the epic of creation from Kish in the Weld collection of the Ashmolean Museum
The conceptual levels and theory languages of interaction design
Early cuneiform texts in Jena : Pre-Sargonic and Sargonic documents from Nippur and Fara in the Hilprecht-Sammlung vorderasiatischer Altertümer, Institut für Altertumswissenschaften der Friedrich-Schiller-Universität, Jena
Early Neo-Assyrian state ideology : relations of power in the inscriptions and iconography of Ashurnasirpal II (883-859) and Shalmaneser III (858-824)
