http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20003 economists
economists
Hayek's journey : the mind of Friedrich Hayek
Economic sciences 1996-2000 : Nobel lectures including presentation speeches and laureates' biographies
Sir Hans Singer : the life and work of a development economist
Roads to freedom : essays in honour of Friedrich A. von Hayek
The liberal hour
Reappraising J. A. Hobson : human and welfare
Seasons of a scholar : some personal reflections of an international business economist
The rediscovered Benjamin Graham : selected writings of the Wall Street legend
The economics of ignorance and coordination : subjectivism and the Austrian School of Economics
Adam Smith : his life, thought, and legacy
The emergence of intangible capital : human, social, and intellectual capital in nineteenth century British, French, and German economic thought
Grand pursuit : the story of the people who made modern economics
Ten great economists from Marx to Keynes
Soros : the unauthorized biography
Maynard Keynes : an economist's biography
John Maynard Keynes : a biography. 1 : Hopes betrayed 1883-1920
Karl Polanyi : a life on the left
Fifty major economists
Engendering economics : conversations with women economists in the United States
Great economists before Keynes : an introduction to the lives and works of one hundred great economists of the past
Entrepreneurship, money and coordination : Hayek's theory of cultural evolution
"Applied econometrics, known to aficionados as 'metrics, is the original data science. 'Metrics encompasses the statistical methods economists use to untangle cause and effect in human affairs. Through accessible discussion and with a dose of kung fu-themed humor, Mastering 'Metrics presents the essential tools of econometric research and demonstrates why econometrics is exciting and useful.The five most valuable econometric methods, or what the authors call the Furious Five--random assignment, regression, instrumental variables, regression discontinuity designs, and differences in differences--are illustrated through well-crafted real-world examples (vetted for awesomeness by Kung Fu Panda's Jade Palace). Does health insurance make you healthier? Randomized experiments provide answers. Are expensive private colleges and selective public high schools better than more pedestrian institutions? Regression analysis and a regression discontinuity design reveal the surprising truth. When private banks teeter, and depositors take their money and run, should central banks step in to save them? Differences-in-differences analysis of a Depression-era banking crisis offers a response. Could arresting O. J. Simpson have saved his ex-wife's life? Instrumental variables methods instruct law enforcement authorities in how best to respond to domestic abuse.Wielding econometric tools with skill and confidence, Mastering 'Metrics uses data and statistics to illuminate the path from cause to effect. Shows why econometrics is important Explains econometric research through humorous and accessible discussion Outlines empirical methods central to modern econometric practice Works through interesting and relevant real-world examples "--
Marginal man : the dark vision of Harold Innis
Personality and aspired occupations of business students
The collected scientific papers of Paul A. Samuelson. Volume 2
The changing face of economics : conversations with cutting edge economists
Markets, money and capital : Hicksian economics for the twenty-first century
Universal man : the lives of John Maynard Keynes
Harold Innis in the new century : reflections and refractions
Universal man : seven lives of John Maynard Keynes
Papers and correspondence of William Stanley Jevons. 1, Bibliography and personal journal
Do economists make markets? : on the performativity of economics
T. R. Malthus : the unpublished papers in the collection of Kanto Gakuen University. Vol. 2
Opening doors : the life and work of Joseph Schumpeter. Vol. 1, Europe
The age of Keynes : a biographical study
Harold Innis
Japan's challenging years : reflections on my lifetime
Schumpeter : social scientist
Milton Friedman : a biography
The fortunes of liberalism : essays on Austrian economics and the ideal of freedom
The great economists : ten economists whose thinking changed the way we live
Pioneers of industrial organization : how the economics of competition and monopoly took shape
The rise of historical economics and social reform in Germany, 1864-1894
Essays in biography
The diary of Rexford G. Tugwell : the New Deal, 1932-1935
Ideas of the great economists
Collected works in contemporary perspective
Papers and correspondence of William Stanley Jevons. 2, Correspondence 1850-1862
Main currents in modern economics : economic thought since 1870
Opening doors : the life and work of Joseph Schumpeter. Vol. 2, America
The worldly philosophers : the lives, times, and ideas of the great economic thinkers
Malthus and his work
Economical writing
Mastering "metrics" : the path from cause to effect
Knut Wicksell on poverty : "no place is too exalted for the preaching of these doctrines"
Economic mavericks : the Texas institutionalists
European economists of the early 20th century. Vol. 2, Studies of neglected continental thinkers of Germany and Italy
European economists of the early 20th century. Vol. 1, Studies of neglected thinkers of Belgium, France, The Netherlands and Scandinavia
John Kenneth Galbraith
T. R. Malthus : the unpublished papers in the collection of Kanto Gakuen University. Vol. 1
The correspondence of Adam Smith
The Elgar dictionary of economic quotations
The life of John Maynard Keynes
Wu Jinglian : voice of reform in China
John Maynard Keynes
Friedrich A. Hayek : critical assessments of leading economists
Hayek's challenge : an intellectual biography of F.A. Hayek
Economic science and practice : the roles of academic economists and policy-makers
Applied microeconomic theory : selected essays of B. Curtis Eaton
Great economists since Keynes : an introduction to the lives and works of one hundred modern economists
The essential Galbraith
Growth theory in historical perspective : selected essays of Theo van de Klundert
Economics from the outside in : "better than plowing" and beyond
David Ricardo : a biography
The evolutionist economics of Léon Walras
Adam Smith in context : a critical reassessment of some central components of his thought
Conversations with leading economists : interpreting modern macroeconomics
A biographical dictionary of women economists
Parentonomics : an economist dad looks at parenting
Joseph Alois Schumpeter : the public life of a private man
Milton Friedman's monetary framework : a debate with his critics
A biographical dictionary of dissenting economists
British economists and the Empire
Adam Smith, radical and egalitarian : an interpretation for the twenty-first century
An eponymous dictionary of economics : a guide to laws and theorems named after economists
Schumpeterian economics
Universal man : the seven lives of John Maynard Keynes
The economics of Alfred Marshall : revisiting Marshall's legacy
The struggle over the soul of economics : institutionalist and neoclassical economists in America between the wars
The essential writings of Thorstein Veblen
Who's who in economics
Principles of political economy : variorum edition. Vol. 1
The legacy of Ludwig von Mises. Vol. 2, History
Adam Smith : an enlightened life
Hayek on Hayek : an autobiographical dialogue
Living economics : yesterday, today, and tomorrow
The evolution of economic thought
Piero Sraffa's political economy : a centenary estimate
Harold Laski (1893-1950) : a biographical memoir
John Maynard Keynes : a biography. Vol. 2, The economist as saviour 1920-1937
Theories of financial disturbance : an examination of critical theories of finance from Adam Smith to the present day
The making of a European economist
Schumpeter's market : enterprise and evolution
Pioneer's progress : an autobiography
John Maynard Keynes 1883-1946 : economist, philosopher, statesman
Macroeconomics in the small and the large : essays on microfoundations, macroeconomic applications and economic history in honor of Axel Leijonhufvud
Alexandr A. Chuprov : life, work, correspondence
The legacy of Ludwig von Mises. Vol. 1, Theory
Wilhelm Röpke's political economy
The pioneers of development economics : great economists on development
Adam Smith
Economic thought since Keynes : a history and dictionary of major economists
Adam Smith and the classics : the classical heritage in Adams Smith's thought
Great economists since Keynes : an introduction to the lives & works of one hundred modern economists
The collected scientific papers of Paul A. Samuelson. 1-2
A view from the stands : of people, politics, military power and the arts
Malthus : the life and legacies of an untimely prophet
John Maynard Keynes. Vol. 3, Fighting for Britain 1937-1946
A future of capitalism : the economic vision of Robert Heilbroner
A few hares to chase : the economic life and times of Bill Phillips
Friedrich List : economist and visionary 1789-1846
Adam Smith: optimist or pessimist? : a new problem concerning the teleological basis of commercial society
We are all stardust : scientists who shaped our world talk about their work, their lives, and what they still want to know
Class, power and the state in capitalist society : essays on Ralph Miliband
Ten great economists : from Marx to Keynes
J. A. Hobson
John Maurice Clark : a social economics for the twenty-first century
The legacy of Herbert Simon in economic analysis
Austrian economics and the political economy of freedom
A bibliography of female economic thought to 1940
Who's who in economics : a biographical dictionary of major economists 1700-1981
Ricardo's macroeconomics : money, trade cycles, and growth
Karl Marx's Grundrisse : foundations of the critique of political economy 150 years later
Autobiography of an economist
Thorstein Veblen : theorist of the leisure class
Eminent economists : their life philosophies
A critical bibliography of Adam Smith
John Maynard Keynes. Vol. 2, The economist as savior 1920-1937
The natural origins of economics
The collected scientific papers of Paul A. Samuelson. Volume 1
Speaking of Galbraith : a personal portrait
Prophet of innovation : Joseph Schumpeter and creative destruction
Financial keynesianism and market instability. Volume 1, the economic legacy of Hyman Minsky
A life for sound money : Per Jacobsson his biography
