http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20078 Mars (planets)
Mars (planets) Mars (planet)
Capricorn one
Super motherload
Lost on Mars
Total recall. volume one : Life on Mars
A passion for Mars : intrepid explorers of the Red Planet
Dying planet : Mars in science and the imagination
The martian chronicles
Mars : an introduction to its interior, surface and atmosphere
Towards Mars! Extra
The structural control of polygonal impact craters
Pandora's star : part one of the commonwealth saga
A.B.C. warriors. [5] : The third element
In quest of the universe
Towards Mars
Mission : Red planet
The geology of Mars : evidence from Earth-based analogs
Red rising
John Carter : World of Mars
Life on Mars : the complete story
The quantum thief
"Phobos" : international project
Since the touchdown of the Opportunity Rover in 2004, we’ve become used to seeing photographs of Mars’s harsh, rocky landscape. Looking at these pictures, it feels as though for the first time we have a direct conduit to the surface of an alien planet, a photographic link to the eyes of a friendly robot (it even Tweets!) exploring a new world. Janet Vertesi reminds us that the real story is more complicated—but also more interesting. Behind each photograph the Opportunity sends back is a team of scientists, women and men who work to process, manipulate, and interpret each picture to render it legible to the public. Seeing like a Rover is the story of the team behind the phenomenally successful Rover mission, who work to bring Mars to Earthlings in beautiful pictures (many reproduced here) so vivid that we feel as though we have visited the Red Planet ourselves.
Mapping Mars : science, imagination and the birth of a world
Mars: making contact
Roving Mars : spirit, opportunity and the exploration of the red planet
John Carter of Mars : Warlord of Mars
George's cosmic treasure hunt
Ray Bradbury's the Martian chronicles : the authorized adaptation
The chimpanzee complex. 2 :  the Sons of Ares
The greenhouse effect on Mars : application of an energy balance climate model
Towards Mars! : the new millenium brings more knowledge about planet Mars, our neighbour
Life in the universe : a beginner's guide
The Martian = Yksin Marsissa
Mars : the story of the Red Planet
Max goes to Mars : a science adventure with Max the Dog
Mars-solar wind interaction
Mega mash-up : Romans v dinosaurs on Mars
Ocean worlds : the story of seas on Earth and other planets
The warlord of Mars
The Martian : a novel
Spaceman : The deluxe edition
The scientific exploration of Mars
Ray Bradbury's The martian chronicles : the authorized adaptation
Red Mars
Cat country
How we'll live on Mars
Take back Plenty
The technomancer : Xbox One
Available solar energy on the dusty Martian atmosphere and surface
Two-dimensional modelling of thermal terrain-induced mesoscale circulations in Mars' atmosphere
Seeing like a Rover : how robots, teams, and images craft knowledge of Mars
Numerical studies of some surface-induced mesoscale phenomena in the Martian atmosphere
The Martian
Mars-solar wind interaction : ion observations and their interpretation
A traveller's guide to Mars : the mysterious landscapes of red planet
Scarlet traces : the great game
The sands of Mars
The case for Mars : the plan to settle the red planet and why we must
Imagining Mars : a literary history
The surface of Mars
The Martians
Investigations of planetary boundary layer processes and particle formation in the atmosphere of planet Mars
Exploring Mars
MetNet - in situ observational network and orbital platform to investigate the Martian environment
Marshmallows for Martians
The mighty Mars rovers : the incredible adventures of spirit and opportunity
Mars : our future on the red planet
From the Publisher: The quest for Mars is chronicled by bestselling author Andrew Chaikin in this story of a passionate band of Earthbound explorers caught in the irresistible pull of the Red Planet. They include celebrated figures: astronomer Carl Sagan, who champions the idea of life on Mars-; rocket scientist Wernher von Braun, drawing up plans for human Mars expeditions; and science-fiction author Ray Bradbury, standard-bearer for Mars's crucial place in human destiny. Readers also meet the rogue grad students known as the "Mars Underground," keepers of the flame when Mars falls off NASA's radar; biologist Jerry Soffen, looking for signs of life in a Martian meteorite; geologist Mike Malin, who defies skeptics to reveal a Mars no one imagines; and many others, including Chaikin himself, who served on the first Viking Mars landing and covered Mars exploration as a science journalist. Based on extensive interviews, illustrated with compelling images, and animated by the author's own passion, Chaikin's account will resonate with anyone who has ever dreamed of a journey to Mars.
John Carter : Warlord of Mars. Omnibus
John Carter of Mars : weird worlds
Preservation of random megascale events on Mars and Earth : influence on geologic history
The gods of Mars
Ray Bradbury's The Martian chronicles
The Martian chronicles
The technomancer : PlayStation 4
The planet Mars : a history of observation & discovery
Measurements of the magnetism of the Mars-96 small station at the Nurmijärvi geophysical observatory
Champion of Mars
A.B.C. warriors. [1] : The Meknificent seven
The chimpanzee complex. 3 : Civilisation
The martian
Concept evaluation of Mars drilling and sampling instrument
The feasibility of remote laserinduced mass spectroscopy
John Carter
A.B.C. warriors. [6] : The Shadow Warriors
