http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2008 wages
wages
Executive compensation : does it pay to pay more?
Essays on non-competitive wage differentials
Fast boat to China : high-tech outsourcing and the consequences of free trade - lessons form Shanghai
Economic analysis of active measures for those who are difficult to employ : Cases: highest-level increased pay subsidy and rehabilitative work activity
"As agents of the state, civil servants are central to public governance and socioeconomic development. In developing countries, it has been seen that an effective civil service pay system may provide strong incentives for better public service and rein in corruption whereas poor remuneration can fuel corruption and discontent among civil servants. Grappling with a well-functioning pay regime has challenged the PRC since its birth. Over the past decade, reforms have been implemented in the civil service pay system that are closely associated with legitimacy change (from an economy-based approach to welfare-based one), income distribution and central–local relations. However, these have led to a heated debate over the legitimacy, effectiveness and direction of these reforms. By examining this situation and the tug-of-war over remuneration among different players, this pioneering study deepens our understanding of China's reform process and its actors." ---Provided by publisher.
Local labour markets and wage structures
Behavior of wage rates during business cycles
Pay for politicians and candidate selection : an empirical analysis
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja = Lantbruksstatistisk årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics. 2010.
Proceedings of the symposium on unemployment
Compensation and bargaining with entrepreneurship as the outside option
Death sworn
Method of pay in Finnish industry
A handbook of human resource management practice
After Gin's family was murdered by a Fire elemental when she was thirteen, she lived on the streets and eventually became an assassin to survive. Now, Gin is given an assignment by her handler to rub out an Ashland businessman, but it turns out to be a trap. After Gin's handler is brutally murdered, she teams up with the sexy detective investigating the case to figure out who double-crossed her and why.
Work without wages : Russia's nonpayment crisis
Basic economics : a common sense guide to the economy
Wage fairness and international trade theory and policy
Donovan creed two up 3-4
On employment effects of tariffs in a small open economy
Can shorter working time reduce unemployment?
Labour costs in economic segments producing intermediate goods for the manufacturing sector have grown significantly faster in Finland than in competitor countries in 1999-2011. The relatively rapid pace of growth in labour costs has passed through into intermediate goods prices, which has contributed to weakening the competitiveness of the exports industry..
Labor and trade unionism : an interdisciplinary reader
Equilibrium unemployment with capital investments under labour market imperfections
The human capital interpretation of wage determination
Tax progression and efficiency wages : partial equilibrium analysis
The theory of wages
An empirical study of wage formation in Finnish manufacturing industry
A monopoly union model of wage determination with taxes and endogenous capital stock : an empirical application to the Finnish manufacturing industry
Search, bargaining and employer discrimination
Directory of European salary surveys 1993/94
We study the effects of labour market imperfections and capital stock on equilibrium unemployment. With an exogenous capital-labour ratio stronger labour market imperfections promote equilibrium unemployment. The relationship between the long-run unemployment and the capital stock is not monotonic. With sufficiently strong (weak) labour market imperfections capital investment has a wage-moderating (wage-increasing) effect, thereby decreasing (increasing) equilibrium unemployment if the relative bargaining power of the labour union is sufficiently strong (weak). Empirically, we find dispersed longrun effects of capital on unemployment by focusing on 16 OECD countries over 28 years.
Greed and control : the history and content of the international anti-mercenary norm
Domestic labour relations in India : Vulnerability and gendered life courses in Jaipur
Internal versus external reference perspective in efficiency wage models reconsidered
Pay for politicians and candidate selection : an empirical analysis /Kaisa Kotakorpi, Panu Poutvaara
Wage formation by majority voting and the incentive effects of pensions and taxation
Basic income grant in Namibia : a viewpoint on the proposal and on the work of the BIG coalition
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja = Lantbruksstatistisk årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics. 2004.
Donovan creed two up 7-8
Pay and employment reform in developing and transition societies
Persistent inequalities : wage disparity under capitalist competition
Industry wage differentials in Finland, 1989
Donovan creed two up 1-2
The role of internal and external reference perspectives in efficiency wage models : a note
Relative wages in Monetary Union and floating
Gin Blanco is the most feared assassin in the South. She's retired now but trouble still has a way of finding her. Two men barrage her restaurant trying to kill Violet Fox, someone Gin agreed to help in dealing with an evil coal-mining tycoon.
The inequality of pay
Class inequality in austerity Britain : power, difference and suffering
Defamilialisation Policies and Attitudes and Behaviour Among Mothers in Twelve European Countries. Do results for Denmark, Finland and Sweden differ from the others?
Avry knows hardship and trouble. She fought the plague and survived. She took on King Tohon and defeated him. But now her heart-mate, Kerrick, is missing, and Avry fears he's gone forever. But there's a more immediate threat. The Skeleton King plots to claim the Fifteen Realms for his own. With armies in disarray and the dead not staying down, Avry's healing powers are needed now more than ever.
The relationship between wages and the capital-labor ratio : Finnish evidence on the production function
Employment income and age : an analysis of employment income in Great Britain and the age income relationship
Self-interested governments, labor unions, and immigration policy
When the Coalition Government came to power in 2010 in claimed it would deliver not just austerity, as necessary as that apparently was, but also fairness. This volume subjects this pledge to critical interrogation by exposing the interests behind the policy programme pursued and their damaging effects on class inequalities. Situated within a recognition of the longer-term rise of neoliberal politics, reflections on the status of sociology as a source of critique and current debates over the relationship between the cultural and economic dimensions of social class, the contributors cover an impressively wide range of relevant topics, from education, family policy and community to crime and consumption, shedding new light on the experience of domination in the early 21st Century.
The disappearing wage premium of computer skills
The impact of performance-based CEO compensation on firm performance and valuation
Taxes and unemployment : collective bargaining and efficiency wage models
Real wage responsiveness to unemployment and insider forces : the Norwegian experience
On the origin of efficiency wage theory
Wage flexibility and unemployment : a simple model where jobs and hours of work are distinguished
"It's hard to be a bad assassassin when a giant is beating the crap out of you. Luckily, I never let pride get in the way of my work. My current mission is personal: annihilate Mab Monroe, the Fire elemental who murdered my family. Which means protecting my identity, even if I have to conceal my powerful Stone and Ice magic when I need it most. To the public, I'm Gin Blanco, owner of Ashland's best barbecue joint. To my friends, I'm the Spider, retired assassin. I still do favors on the side. Like ridding a vampire friend of her oversize stalker--Mab's right-hand goon who almost got me dead with his massive fists. At least irresistible Owen Grayson is on my side. The man knows too much about me, but I'll take my chances. Then there's Detective Bria Coolidge, one of Ashland's finest. Until recently, I thought my baby sister was dead. She probably thinks the same about me. Little does she know, I'm a cold-blooded killer...who is about to save her life."--P. [4] of cover.
Neverwhere
Why men earn more : the startling truth behind the pay gap--and what women can do about it
Similar education - different career and wages?
Prices and wages review
Labour migration and wages
Changing the tax base from wage taxation towards consumption taxation : a note
Hand to mouth : the truth about being poor in a wealthy world
Wage formation : economic conditions in Sweden 2002.
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja = Lantbruksstatistisk årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics. 2001.
Theories of pay and unemployment : survey evidence from Swedish manufacturing firms
Job tenure in Finnish industry
Essays on unions, product market power, wages and productivity
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja = Lantbruksstatistisk årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics. 2007.
Imperfect transmission of tacit knowledge and other barriers to entrepreneurship
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja = Lantbruksstatistisk årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics. 2008.
Corporate Executive Salaries – The
Argument from Economic Efficiency
A theory of the growth of employment income
Imperfect transmission of tacit knowledge and other barriers to entrepreneurahip
Prices and wages rewiew. 1994
Wage bargaining and employment under different unemployment insurance contribution policies
Job security provisions, wage setting and unemployment persistence
Pay and profits : the theory of distribution reviewed in the light of the behaviour of some Western economies over the last hundred years : lectures given in the University of Manchester
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja = Lantbruksstatistisk årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics. 2000.
Non-wage benefits : "fringe benefits": what they are and how to win them
Equilibrium unemployment with outsourcing under labour market imperfections
Wage policy in relation to industrial fluctuations
Micro-level rigidity vs. macro-level flexibility : lessons from Finland
Deadly sting
Exploring overtime work : the case of professional engineers in Finland
Downward stickiness of wages in Finnish industries : how resistant are wages to market pressures?
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja = Lantbruksstatistisk årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics. 2006.
Earnings management surrounding top executive retirements in Finnish companies
The wage curve : theory and evidence from US panel data
CEO compensation : a case study
Tax policies under central and local wage bargaining
Workers and their wages : changing patterns in the United States
Origins of modern wage theories
Effects of subsidizing the first employee : empirical evidence from Finland
Research in labor economics
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja 2014 = Landbrukstatistik årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics
Devaluation cycle as an implicit contract
Web of lies
"Common sense, economics and "HR": how to pay Billions of people throughout the world are paid for their work. This book was written to demonstrate why they earn what they earn and, in doing so, to help them understand how they can earn more in the short-run and even more in the longer-run. There are many ways pay is determined across a wide variety of organizations from for-profit firms, to nonprofit organizations, to government agencies. By the time you finish reading this book, you will know how a well-run organization takes its overall strategy and converts that into a system for properly paying people. Then, you can apply the lessons in the book to your own organization and take actions that can lead you to earn more"--
Explanations of relative wage variability : a survey
The pathology of the U.S. economy revisited : the intractable contradictions of economy policy
$2.00 a day : living on almost nothing in America
Economics of wage differentials and public sector labour markets
Public-private sector pay gaps and centralized wage setting : aggregate and industry data evidence
Compensation : a complete revision of Wages and salaries
Employment, wages and income distribution : critical essays in economics
How the university works : higher education and the low-wage nation
How tax progression affects effort and employment
Incomes policy, equity and pay increase differentials : an analysis of employee attitudes towards pay-increases in Ireland and the implications for incomes policy in Britain
Long-term earnings mobility of low-paid workers
Wage drift and error correction : evidence from Finland
Public-private sector pay gaps in Finland: A quantile regression analysis
Public-private sector pay gaps over the business cycle
Wages and economic control in Norway 1945-1957
The process of wage determination : a survey of some recent work
Optimal redistributive taxation and provision of public input goods in an economy with outsourcing and unemployment : a note
Wage inflation, expectations and indexation
Optimal taxation with capital accumulation and wage bargaining
Managerial pay and executive turnover in the Czech and Slovak Republics
A new and robust subgame perfect equilibrium in a model of triadic power relations
Wage inequality : international comparisons of its sources
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja = Lantbruksstatistisk årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics. 2005.
Summary (2 s.).
Is there scope for gains from revenue-neutral labour tax reforms with flexible outsourcing?
Studies on earnings dynamics and uncertainty in return to education
Is relative wage variability across Finnish industries consistent with downward stickiness of wages?
Magic breaks
Wage inflation
Does the composition of wage and payroll taxes matter under Nash bargaining?
Profit at the bottom of the ladder : creating value by investing in your workforce
Outsourcing and labor taxation in dual labor markets
Should There Be a Salary Cap for Top Managers in the Financial Sector?
Compensation
The effects of labour tax progression under Nash wage bargaining and flexible outsourcing
Internal wage structure
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja 2014 = Landbrukstatistisk årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics
Sector-specific labour cost developments from the perspective of the industrial sector's cost structure
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja = Lantbruksstatistisk årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics. 2002.
Reward management : alternatives, consequences and contexts
Fixed or flexible?
Donovan creed two up 5-6
Paid to perform : an examination of the relationship between CEO compensation and firm performance in Nordic companies
Profit sharing and macroeconomic stability
Macroeconomic effects of active labour market programmes : theoretical aspects and an econometric study
Effects of increased output or price increase of an intermediate good under rigid nominal and real wages
Human capital and industry wage differentials in Finland
Outsourcing of unionized firms and the impacts of labour market policy reforms
The effect of labour tax progression under Nash wage bargaining and flexible outsourcing
The implementation of the equal pay principle and gendered pay structures
The social foundations of wage policy : a study of contemporary British wage and salary structure
Human resource management : an experiential approach
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja = Lantbruksstatistisk årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics. 2003.
The managerial power impact on compensation : some further evidence
The Compensation Systems of Developing German Organizations
Pay : why people earn what they earn and what you can do now to make more
How internal transaction costs drive compensations schemes
The politics of gender pay equity : policy mechanisms, institutionalised undervaluation, and non-decision making
From internal market regulation to European labour law
Wage differentials, wage mobility and skills in Finnish industry : an empirical analysis of the period 1980-1992
Taste of darkness
Myths and realities of executive pay
Essays on labor supply
Wage formation in a booming economy
The ILO principle of equal pay and its implementation
Altered carbon
Human resource research methods
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja = Lantbruksstatistisk årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics. 2009.
Comparable worth : analyses and evidence
Diverse family leave and day care policies create varying monetary incentives for mothers to stay at home with their children. They also affect attitudes of mothers and this should influence childcare decisions. In this study, attitudes of mothers towards cutting down on paid work for the sake of family as well as their behaviour regarding childcare at home were studied in 12 European countries. Of special interest were Denmark, Finland and Sweden, three Nordic countries with a long tradition of childcare policies supporting mothers' work participation. The data is based on the European Social Survey (ESS) Round 2, conducted in 2004 and 2005. The least familialistic attitudes were found in Sweden, Denmark and Finland. A coarse indicator for the effectiveness of childcare policy was devised and indicated that attitudes correlated with the policies in several countries. No correspondence was found between attitudes and average times spent with children at home. Regarding the Nordic countries (particularly Sweden and Finland), the contradictions observed were consistent with childcare policies that affect short- and long-term behaviour in opposite directions. In Finland, a familialistic attitude was relatively common among mothers whose youngest child was under 1-year-old.
Heart of venom
Who bear the burden of wage cuts? : evidence from Finland during the 1990s
Integration, labor market regulation, lobbying, and technological change
Capital in the twenty-first century
Wage formation and macroeconomic policy in the Nordic countries : a summary
Economic laws and economic history
Bargaining, capital formation and unemployment : a putty-clay approachg
Economics of wages and labour
Governing civil service pay in China
Tax progression under collective wage bargaining and individual effort determination
Migrants at work : immigration and vulnerability in labour law
Working life barometer in the Baltic countries 2002
Unions, wages and employment : evidence from Finland
On relative pay and union egalitarianism
Equilibrium unemployment with outsourcing and wage solidarity under labour market imperfections
God's war
Sources of wage dispersion : how much do employers matter?
Wage bargaining : theory and some Norwegian evidence
Stability and dynamics in an overlapping generations economy with flexible wage negotiations
Economic growth with political lobbying and wage bargaining
Studies on wage differentials and labour market transitions
”In a perfect world we don’t need them or want them – but the world isn’t perfect” : the United Nations and the private arms
Jade sky : a Matt Rowley novel
