http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20067 military commanders
military commanders warlords
Genghis Khan : the man who conquered the world
In the name of Rome : the men who won the Roman empire
The art of victory : the life and achievements of Generalissimo Suvorov, 1729-1800
The gates of Rome
Hannibal's war
Greek commanders in the 5th and 4th centuries B.C : politics and ideology : a study of militarism
Eumenes of Cardia : a Greek among Macedonians
Weapons and Military Technology : Prehistory to the Present day
Bones of the Hills
Alexander the Great
The sea-stone sword
Ne mainiot helleenit : tarinoita antiikin Kreikasta = The good old Hellenes : tales from ancient Greece = Hellenes illi eximii : anecdota antiqua Graeca
Patton : ordeal and triumph
Empire of the summer moon : Quanah Parker and the rise and fall of the comanche tribe
Fallen stars : eleven studies of twentieth century military disasters
The Mongol empire : Genghis Khan : his triumph and his legacy
Northlanders. Book six : Thor's daughter and other stories
The timeline of medieval warfare : the ultimate guide to battle in the Middle Ages
The Roman army. : the greatest war machine of the ancient world
Battle for Rome
The Mongol empire : Genghis Khan, his heirs and the founding of modern China
Memoirs of a Chinese marshal : the autobiographical notes of Peng Dehuai (1898-1974)
Dictionary of wars
Wellington at war, 1794-1815 : a selection of his wartime letters
Renowned for ferocity in battle, legendary for an uncanny ability to elude capture. feared for the violence of his vengeful raids. the Apache fighter Geronimo captured the public imagination in his own time and remains a mythic figure today. This thoroughly researched biography by a renowned historian of the American West strips away the myths and rumors that have long obscured the real Geronimo and presents an authentic portrait of a man with unique strengths and weaknesses and a destiny that swept him into history. Utley unfolds the story through the alternating perspectives of whites and Apaches, and he arrives at a more nuanced understanding of Geronimo's character and motivation than ever before. What it was like to be an Apache fighter-in-training, why Indians as well as whites feared Geronimo, how Geronimo maintained his freedom, and why he finally surrendered--the answers to these questions and many more fill these pages.--From publisher description.
The Ironside diaries 1937-1940
The warrior queens : Boadicea's chariot
Empires of mud : war and warlords of Afghanistan
Empire of the summer moon : Quanah Parker and the rise and fall of the Comanches, the most powerful Indian tribe in American history
Great military leaders and their campaigns
The bloody white baron
John Žižka and the Hussite revolution
Encyclopedia of warrior peoples and fighting groups
Supreme command : soldiers, statesmen, and leadership in wartime
Hannibal : clouds of war
The age of Wellington : the life and times of the Duke of Wellington 1769-1852
Nevsky : a hero of the people
Alexander's tomb : the two thousand year obsession to find the lost conqueror
Eric the Red : the Viking adventurer
Hannibal : enemy of Rome
Marlborough as military commander
Japonius Tyrannus : the Japanese Warlord Oda Nobunaga reconsidered
Empire of silver : the epic story of the Khan dynasty
Alexander the Great : the greatest ruler of the ancient world
Duel for Europe : Stalin versus Hitler
Great and glorious days : Schellenberg, Blenheim, Ramillies, Oudenarde, Malplaquet
Wellington. [Vol. 2], Waterloo and the fortunes of peace, 1814-1852
Neglected heroes : leadership and war in the early medieval period
Commanders & command in the Roman Republic and Early Empire
Who's who in military history : from 1453 to the present day
The wars of Alexander's successors 323 - 281 BC. Vol. 1, Commanders and campaigns
Empire of silver
The Duke
Germanicus : the magnificent life and mysterious death of Rome's most popular general
Fire and sword
The Mannerheim Museum : baron C. G. E. Mannerheim, marshall of Finland, and his home = Das Mannerheim-Museum : freiherr C. G. E. Mannerheim, Marschall von Finnland, und sein Heim
Alexander the conqueror : the epic story of the warrior king
Joan Of Arc : A History
Hannibal : a Hellenistic life
Wellington's wars : the making of a military genius
Genghis Khan : the emperor of all men
The superstrategists : great captains, theorists, and fighting men who have shaped the history of warfare
Marlborough : England's fragile genius
Wellington : the years of the sword
The winter king : a novel of Arthur
Arthur Wellesley, Duke of Wellington lives on in popular memory as the 'Invincible General', loved by his men, admired by his peers, formidable to his opponents. This book offers an analysis of Wellington's remarkable military career. It argues that unlike his adversary Napoleon, Wellington was by no means a man of innate military talent.
The Roman war machine
Sulla, the last republican
Zhukov : the rise and fall of a great captain
White vengeance
Julius Caesar and the transformation of the Roman Republic
The year is 1872. The place, the Apache nations, a region torn apart by decades of war. The people, like Goyahkla, lose his family and everything he loves. After having a vision, the young Goyahkla approaches the Apache leader Cochise, and the entire Apache nation, to lead an attack against the Mexican village of Azripe. It is this wild display of courage that transforms the young brave Goyakhla into the Native American hero Geronimo. But the war wages on. As they battle their enemies, lose loved ones, and desperately cling on to their land and culture, they would utter, "Indeh," or "the dead." When it looks like lasting peace has been reached, it seems like the war is over. Or is it? INDEH captures the deeply rich narrative of two nations at war--as told through the eyes of Naiches and Geronimo--who then try to find peace and forgiveness. INDEH not only paints a picture of some of the most magnificent characters in the history of our country, but it also reveals the spiritual and emotional cost of the Apache Wars. Based on exhaustive research, INDEH offers a remarkable glimpse into the raw themes of cultural differences, the horrors of war, the search for peace, and, ultimately, retribution. The Apache left an indelible mark on our perceptions about the American West, and INDEH shows us why.
Germanicus(a.k.a. Germanicus Iulius Caesar) was regarded by many Romans as a hero in the mould of Alexander the Great. His untimely death, in suspicious circumstances, ended the possibility of a return to a more open republic and ambitions for the outright conquest of Germania Magna (Germany and The Netherlands). This, the first modern biography of Germanicus Caesar, is in parts a growing-up story, a history of war, a tale of political intrigue and a murder mystery. It is a natural sequel to the author's acclaimed book, 'Eager for glory', which, for the first time, discussed the life of Germanicus' birth father, Nero Claudius Drusus. Born in 16 BC, Germanicus grew up to be a skilled diplomat and a bold general, but also a formidable courtroom advocate, poet and playwright. Marked out to be a successor to Augustus, he married Agrippina, the first emperor's granddaughter by whom he fathered nine children, including the future Emperor Caligula. His reputation and popularity were immense. He put down a mutiny of the Rhine legions, was responsible for avenging Rome's humiliating defeat at the Battle of Teutoburg Forest through victory at Idistaviso (AD 16), and the recovery of two of the three lost legionary eagle standards. Recognizing his achievements, the Emperor Tiberius - his adoptive father - granted him a full triumph, but refused to let him complete the reconquest of Germania, sending him instead to command the provinces in the East. Did Tiberius feel jealous and threatened? Germanicus' good fortune waned when he fell out with one of Tiberius' gubernatorial appointees, the arrogant patrician Calpurnius Piso. Germanicus' death in Syria under mysterious circumstances, aged 34, brought great outpourings of public grief and anger, with many suspecting murder on the orders of Tiberius. As Romans demanded justice Piso was put on trial, but he committed suicide - or was he murdered? - before the senate could reach a verdict.In this highly readable, fast paced account, historical detective Lindsay Powell details Germanicus' campaigns and battles in Illyricum and Germania; tracks him on his epic tour of the Eastern Mediterranean to Armenia and down the Nile; evaluates the possible causes of his death; and reports on the cruel fate his wife Agrippina and their children suffered at the hands of Praetorian Guard commander, and Tiberius' infamous deputy, Aelius Seianus.
The generalship of Alexander the Great
The fields of death
The life of Wellington : the restoration of the martial power of Great Britain
The death of kings
Hannibal : fields of blood
Inés of my soul
Caesar : the life of a colossus
Tales from the tomb. Egypts warrior kings
Eagles at war
Indeh : a story of the Apache wars
A gentleman's home : the museum of Gustaf Mannerheim, Marshal of Finland
Iron coffins : a personal account of the German U-boat battles of World War II
Hannibal : great general of the ancient world
My share of the task : a memoir
Thaddeus Kościuszko : the purest son of liberty
