http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20107 special forces
special forces
An illustrated guide to modern elite forces
From the Immortals, the personal bodyguard of the Persian Achaemenid kings; the death-or-glory Companions, Alexander the Great's glorious cavalry corps; to Napoleon's Imperial Guards, flower of the French army, select martial cohorts are perennially fascinating. And perhaps no special force commands the romance, the mystique or the enduring appeal of ancient Rome's throroughbred protection and counter-insurgency squadron: the renowned Praetorian Guard. This elite military unit existed for over 300 years. Conceived as a personal army for the emperor, the Guard soon took over a wide range of powers in Rome, and thus from the very beginning made a much greater impact on the city's life than just as an imperial bodyguard. The Praetorians were in fact inseparable from the whole machinery of state, in some cases even making or breaking individual emperors. Sandra Bingham here offers a timely history of the Guard from its foundation by Augustus in 27 BCE to its disbandment by Constantine in CE 312. Topics covered include arms and insignia; the size, recruitment and command structure of the Guard; duration of service; the duties of individual soldiers and officers; and their familes and religion. The author also provides a lively and comprehensive survey of the Praetorians in the sources of antiquity. Augmented by carefully selected illustrations, maps and plans, this book will be vital reading for students and military history enthusiasts alike.
G.I. Joe : the rise of cobra
XCOM : enemy within : commander edition : PlayStation 3
Good to go : the life and times of a decorated member of the U.S. Navy's elite SEAL Team Two
Barely lethal
State of emergency
A Former Army Ranger Tucker Wayne and his war dog Kane are thrust into a global conspiracy that threatens to shake the foundations of American democracy in this second exciting Sigma Force spinoff adventure from New York Times bestselling authors James Rollins and Grant Blackwood.
The dragon arcana
All necessary force
Tom Clancy's ghost recon : advanced warfighter 2 : Xbox 360
Ian Fleming's commandos : the story of the legendary 30 Assault Unit
Tom Clancy's ghost recon : future soldier : PlayStation 3
Killer elite : may the best man live
A baby before dawn
Battle force
The complete Hammer's slammers. Volume 2
Pathfinder : the untold secret mission in Iraq : the inside story of the Pathfinders, bastard son of the SAS
Raid on St. Nazaire
The finish : the killing of Osama bin Laden
To dare and to conquer : special operations and the destiny of nations, from Achilles to Al Qaeda
No easy day : the firsthand account of the mission that killed Osama Bin Laden : the autobiography of a Navy SEAL
Gotham by midnight. Volume 1, We do not sleep
Who dares wins : three of the best special operations commando comic book adventures
Zero Six Bravo : 60 special forces : 100, 000 enemy : the explosive true story
To the top of the mountain
German military police units 1939-45
The Praetorian guard : a history of Rome's elite special forces
The new illustrated guide to weapons of the elite forces
Aftershock
XCOM : Enemy unknown : PlayStation 3
No hero : the evolution of a Navy SEAL
XCOM : Enemy unknown : Xbox 360, Xbox live
Reign of evil
Fighting fit : the SAS fitness guide
The judas gate
Born a soldier : the times and life of Larry A Thorne
the encyclopedia of the world's special forces : tactics, history, strategy, weapons
Tom Clancy's ghost recon : advanced warfighter 2 : PlayStation 3
Special ops heroes
The warrior elite : the forging of Seal Class 228
Generation kill : living dangerously on the road to Baghdad with the ultraviolent Marines of Bravo Company
No hero : the evolution of a navy SEAL
XCOM : enemy within : commander edition : Xbox 360
Shoot to kill : a soldier's journey through violence
Left of bang : how the Marine Corps' combat hunter program can save your life
Scorched earth
13 Hours : The secret soldiers of Benghazi
Deathlist
F.E.A.R. 2 : Project origin : PlayStation 3
Trident K9 warriors : my tale from the training ground to the battlefield with elite Navy SEAL canines
Behind the lines : the oral history of special operations in World War II
The illustrated directory of special forces
Going commando
S.W.A.T. : widescreen special edition
Grunt life : a Task Force Ombra novel
Seal Team 666
No mission is impossible : the death-defying missions of the Israeli Special Forces
The complete Hammer's slammers. Volume 3
Heart of the hunter
US elite counter-terrorist forces
The commando pocket manual, 1940-1945
CRIME & MYSTERY. When an old crony of Van Shaw's late grandfather calls in a favor, he embarks on a journey deep into the remote forest of the Olympic Mountains in search of a missing girl tied to his own criminal past. Discovering a brutal murder scene, Van finds himself caught between a billionaire businessman on the one side and vicious gangsters on the other. In an attempt to survive Van will have to face some of the toughest questions of his life, not least over his relationship with his iron willed girlfriend, Luce. But with the clock ticking, a desperate Van may just need every ally he can get, especially as someone prepares to unleash a firestorm on Seattle that could burn them all to ashes.
The rescuers : the world's top antiterrorist units
Killer Elite : the inside story of America's most secret special operations team
The Cardinal's Blades
Tom Clancy's rainbow six : Vegas 2 : PlayStation 3
American sniper : the autobiography of the most lethal sniper in U.S. military history
Grey wolves
Lone survivor : the eyewitness account of Operation Redwing and the lost heroes of SEAL Team 10
No easy day : the firsthand account of the mission that killed Osama Bin Laden
Tom Clancy's rainbow six : Siege : PS4
The encyclopedia of world's special forces : tactics, history, strategy, weapons
The prisoner
Warrior elite : 31 heroic special-ops missions from the raid on Son Tay to the killing of Osama Bin Laden
"In book two of the fast-paced Icarus Corps series, the team wages war on the Conglomeration--and this battle may be the final one.  The rapacious Confederation has taken their war to our solar system.  Now that the human and PAC forces won a decisive battle on the moon, they need to try to head off the coming armada before their overpowering strength is amassed and The Icarus Corps is once again on the front line.  Book two in The Icarus Corps, Titan's Fall continues Devin's adventures as he wards off a fierce race of alien conquerors"--
13 hours : Benghazi, Libya, 11. September 2012 : the explosive inside story of how six men fought a terror attack and repelled enemy forces
The unit. Season 4.
Blood on the shores : Soviet SEALs in World War II
The kill switch
Hunt the jackal
13 hours : Benghazi, Libya. 11 September 2012 : the explosive true story of how six men fought a terror attack and repelled enemy forces
"The rapacious Conglomeration has taken their war with the more benevolent Accordance to our solar system. Having won a decisive battle on the moon, the human Colonial Protective Forces and PAC fleet try to head off the coming armada before their overpowering strength is amassed as CPF is once again on a front line that keeps moving. Outgunned but not beat, Devlin, Ken and Amira desperately search for a solution to a crumbling campaign to holt the Conglomeration while exploiting the PAC's need for soldiers to raise humanity's stature within the PAC. This is book two in The Icarus Corps"--
The Losers. Book two
The cult of counterterrorism : the weird world of spooks, counterterrorists, adventurers, and not quite professionals
The rise of Cobra
Ritland started his own company training and supplying dogs for the SEAL teams, U.S. Government, and Department of Defense. In "Trident K9 Warriors" he gives readers an inside look at these elite canines--who they are, how they are trained, and the extreme missions they undertake saving countless lives, asking for little in the way of reward.
Killing for the company
U.S. counterterrorist forces
Charged with stopping an imminent terrorist attack, the Taskforce pursues leads to Egypt, where Pike Logan and Jennifer Cahill find themselves in charge of a mission involving a weapon of unprecedented destruction / WorldCat.
Age of blood
Foreign fighters : transnational identity in civil conflicts
John Porter, hero of the original Strike back novel and TV series returns in an exciting adventure, when old enemies attack the SAS. 1999. A bitterly cold morning in the Brecon Beacons, and the soldiers trying out for SAS Selection are preparing to face their toughest test yet. Overseeing the soldiers is John Porter: once a promising young Blade, now a broken man and a drunk, seeing out his days in the Regiment Training Wing. But before the Fan Dance can begin, six masked gunmen carry out a devastating attack. Dozens of soldiers are killed. In the aftermath of the massacre, and with a government desperate for action, Porter and another surviving operator, John Bald, are taken to a secretive briefing in London. Their orders - to hunt down and kill those responsible for the attack. What follows is a deadly game of kill or be killed as Bald and Porter lead a Strike Team across Europe on a blood-soaked mission of revenge.
Hunt the scorpion
Rapid reaction forces : fast, hard-hitting and élite
The janissary tree
LRRP's in action
Titan's fall
The Andalucian friend
Resident evil : revelations : Xbox 360
Operation Thunderbolt : flight 139 and the raid on Entebbe Airport, the most audacious hostage rescue mission in history
Resident evil : revelations : PlayStation 3
Eisenhower's guerillas : the Jedburghs, the Maquis, and the liberation of France
Tom Clancy's rainbow six : Siege : Xbox One
Inglourious basterds
Secret army
Operation certain death : the inside story of the SAS's greatest battle
The winter fortress : the epic mission to sabotage Hitler's atomic bomb
Apache
Tom Clancy's ghost recon : advanced warfighter : Xbox 360
Hard cold winter
Bloodshot. [Volume five] : Get some!
The Condor legion : german troops in the spanish civil war
Ashley's war : the untold story of a team of women soldiers on the special ops battlefield
The Losers. [Book one]. Volumes one & two
Tom Clancy's ghost recon : future soldier : Xbox 360
The blinded man
Tom Clancy's rainbow six : Siege : PlayStation 4
"In No Mission Is Impossible, Michael Bar-Zohar and Nissim Mishal return with the intensely absorbing, fast-paced story of thirty of the boldest missions of the Israeli Special Forces. Bar-Zohar and Mishal depict in electrifying detail major battles, raids in enemy territory, and death-defying commando missions while also sharing the personal stories of both soldiers and top commanders, revealing their hopes and fears. The stories are often of victories, but sometimes also of immense failures, and run side-by-side with the accounts of the lives and accomplishments of some of Israel's most prominent figures, including Moshe Dayan, Ariel Sharon, the brothers Netanyahu, Ehud Barak, and Avigdor Kahalani. We follow Sharon, from his near death at the battle of Latrun in 1948, to his crossing Suez in 1973; we are with Ehud Barak, dressed in women's clothes, when he commands a daring raid in Beirut in 1973, and then when he is elected Prime Minister in 1999. Besides recounting the mesmerizing, high-stakes missions, No Mission Is Impossible includes an interview in each chapter with a major figure who took part in the mission discussed, including some of the most prominent players in Israeli politics, and stunning photographs, many published for the first time."--Amazon website.
