http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20121 sensitivity
sensitivity
Emotions : a social science reader
Drawing difference : connections between gender and drawing
Gendered structures and processes in primary teacher education - challenge for gender-sensitive pedagogy
Vulnerability and young people : care and social control in policy and practice
The girl by the river
Too loud, too bright, too fast, too tight : what to do if you are sensory defensive in an over-stimulating world
Clonal differences of aspen (Populus spp.) in responses to elevated ozone and soil nitrogen
Dangerous women, libertine epicures, and the rise of sensibility, 1670-1730
Queering the gothic
Prospects for sustainable return : Iraqi and Afghan asylum seekers in Finland
The spirit of the narrative is mankind’s reflexive consciousness, or poetic genius ? our unique access to ourselves, our desperate endeavour “to be REAL”. It brings to light the dark unknown which is the zest of our lives; it gives shape to the tremor of our inner souls ? otherwise nearly imperceptible. “Ah, what is it? ? that I heard”, Katherine Mansfield wondered throughout her whole life and writings ? poems and stories, letters and notebooks. Through the metamorphic movement of her highly sensitive, perceptive mind, she highlights the deep ambivalence of light and dark, mirth and awe, fear and longing which is the keen feature of our naked existence. She sketches her epic motifs with a dedicated sense of wonder. 0A true poet, she returns, as Baudelaire, Keats, Hopkins, Proust, or Shakespeare, to the origins of language ? This poignant contrast of light and dark following the alternate rhythm of night and day, of yielding to darkness and converting it into speech: “Let there be light.” Poetic language is performative. It means an everlasting questioning over the abyss ? with wings of wonder upon the face of the deep.0This volume will also be of interest to scholars and dedicated readers who wish to share in the current reassessment of Katherine Mansfield’s poetic achievement. Her awareness of the literary tradition and modernity, the utmost finesse of her artistic thought, the boldness of her temper make her a major twentieth-century poet.
Leadership through the gender lens : women and men in organisations
Assessment of physical functioning in ambulatory persons with multiple sclerosis : aspects of reliability, responsiveness, and clinical usefullness in the ICF framework
The highly sensitive person : how to thrive when the worlds overwhelms you
The effect of sensory-processing sensitivity on social preference for online interaction and associated outcome on psychological wellbeing
Staël's philosophy of the passions : sensibility, society, and the sister arts
The highly sensitive person : how to thrive when the world overwhelms you
Gendering the reader
Shrinking violets : a field guide to shyness
Disaster risk reduction from gender perspective a case study from Nicaragua
Studying Sensitive and Contradictory Family Situations - Considerations from Three Family Studies
A biocultural approach to literary theory and interpretation
Early maternal sensitivity : continuity and related risk factors
Because I tell a joke or two : comedy, politics, and social difference
Ideal embodiment : Kant's theory of sensibility
Gender, vulnerability and the obligation to return : an overview of return assistance to 'rejected' asylum seekers in the Nordic countries
Big sisters : spacing women workers in the clothing industry : a study on flexible production and flexible women
Ah, what is it? - That I heard : Katherine Mansfield'’s Wings of wonder
The strong sensitive boy : help your son become a happy, confident man
Gender and culture in psychology : theories and practices
Examines heroines appearing in literature by John Dryden, Aphra Behn, Catharine Trotter, Delariviere Manley, and Daniel Defoe. This title places the female libertine within her cultural, philosophical, and literary contexts and suggests fresh ways of considering women's participation and the early novel.
Activities of telithromycin, erythromycin, fluoroquinolones, and doxycycline against Campylobacter strains isolated from Finnish subjects
Case definition of pneumococcal pneumonia : a latent class analysis approach
Mother-child interaction in toddlerhood and 5-year ADHD symptoms
Corpus and sociolinguistics : investigating age and gender in female talk
A history of emotions, 1200-1800
Sensitivity analysis in remote sensing
Kokoro no Katachi : the image of the heart
Is Coeducation An Untouchable Dogma? : Breaking Ground in the Introduction of Single-Sex Education
The deepest sense : a cultural history of touch
The poetics of sensibility : a revolution in literary style
Highly sensitive individuals are those born with a tendency to notice more in their environment and deeply reflect on everything before acting, as compared to those who notice less and act quickly and impulsively. As a result sensitive people, both children and adults, tend to be empathic, smart, intuitive, creative, careful, and conscientious (they are aware of the effects of a misdeed, and so are less likely to commit one). They are also more easily overwhelmed by "high volume" or large quantities of input arriving at once. They try to avoid this, and thus seem to be shy or timid. When they cannot avoid overstimulation, they seem "easily upset" and too sensitive. Although HSP's notice more, they do not necessarily have better eyes, ears, sense of smell or taste buds(although some do report having at least one sense that is very keen.) Mainly their brains process information more thoroughly. This processing is not just in the brain, however, since HSP children or adults have faster reflexes (a reaction usually from the spnal cord), are more affected by pain, medications, and stimulants, and have more reactive immune systems. In a sense their entire body is designed to detect and understand more precisely whatever comes in. So of course HSP's probably will not like the loud Mariachi band in the mexican restaurant, noisy birthday parties, playing fast paced team sports, or everyone watching while they give an answer in class. But if you need a guitar tuned, a clever idea for party favors, a witty play on words, or to win a game like chess that requires anticipating consequences or noticing subtle differences, your HSP is the one to have around. Lets go farther inside the mind of your HSP. Yes he/she notices more, but he/she may have a "specialty." Some tune in to social cues, mainly noticing moods. Some focus on Relationships... He is so mature for his age. Thinks too much. Her feelings are so easily hurt. She cries
In defense of sentimentality
Baroreflex sensitivity recovery
Lessons on profiting from diversity
Infant temperament and maternal sensitivity behavior in the first year of life
The tone of teaching : the language of pedagogy
Vulnerability : new essays in ethics and feminist philosophy
From the softest caress to the harshest blow, touch lies at the heart of our experience of the world. Now, for the first time, this deepest of senses is the subject of an extensive historical exploration. The Deepest Sense: A Cultural History of Touch fleshes out our understanding of the past with explorations of lived experiences of embodiment from the Middle Ages to modernity. This intimate and sensuous approach to history makes it possible to foreground the tactile foundations of Western culture - the ways in which feelings shaped society. Constance Classen explores a variety of tactile realms including the feel of the medieval city; the tactile appeal of relics; the social histories of pain, pleasure, and affection; the bonds of touch between humans and animals; the strenuous excitement of sports such as wrestling and jousting; and the sensuous attractions of consumer culture. She delves into a range of vital issues, from the uses - and prohibitions - of touch in social interaction to the disciplining of the body by the modern state, from the changing feel of the urban landscape to the technologization of touch in modernity. Through poignant descriptions of the healing power of a medieval king's hand or the grueling conditions of a nineteenth-century prison, we find that history, far from being a dry and lifeless subject, touches us to the quick
Gendered rural spaces
Language and sexism
Psychotherapy and the highly sensitive person : improving outcomes for that minority of people who are the majority of clients
Girls, women and crime : selected readings
The awakened introvert : Practical mindfulness skills to help you maximize your strengths & thrive in a loud & crazy world
Excursions into everyday spaces : mapping aesthetic potentiality of urban environments through preaesthetic sensitivities
Keys to parenting your anxious child : Expert advice and practical strategies to help children cope in today's world
During the last half of the eighteenth century, sensibility and its less celebrated corollary sense were subject to constant variation, critique, and contestation in ways that raise profound questions about the formation of moral identities and communities. Beyond Sense and Sensibility addresses those questions. What authority does reason retain as a moral faculty in an age of sensibility? How reliable or desirable is feeling as a moral guide or a test of character? How does such a focus contribute to moral isolation and elitism or, conversely, social connectedness and inclusion? How can we distinguish between that connectedness and a disciplinary socialization? How do insensible processes contribute to our moral formation and action? What alternatives lie beyond the anthropomorphism implied by sense and sensibility? Drawing extensively on philosophical thought from the eighteenth century as well as conceptual frameworks developed in the twenty-first century, this volume of essays examines moral formation represented in or implicitly produced by a range of texts, including Boswell's literary criticism, Fergusson's poetry, Burney's novels, Doddridge's biography, Smollett's novels, Charlotte Smith's children's books, Johnson's essays, Gibbon's history, and Wordsworth's poetry. The distinctive conceptual and textual breadth of Beyond Sense and Sensibility yields a rich reassessment and augmentation of the two perspectives summarized by the terms sense and sensibility in later eighteenth-century Britain.--Publisher.
Gendered perspectives on rehabilitation after involuntary resettlement in urban Sri Lanka
The highly sensitive child : helping our children thrive when the world overwhelms them
Men engaging feminisms : pro-feminism, backlashes and schooling
Animals, ethics, and trade : the challenge of animal sentience
Edited by Meda Chesney-Lind and Lisa Pasko, "Girls, Women and Crime: Selected Readings, Second Edition" is a compilation of journal articles on the female offender written by leading researchers in the field of criminology and women's studies. The individual sections in the book survey four major areas: theories of female criminality, literature on female juvenile delinquents, and women as offenders and women in prison. The readings in "Girls, Women, and Crime" focus on two central questions: How does gender matter in crime and the justice system? What characterizes women's and girls' pathway to crime? In answering these key questions, the contributors reveal the complex worlds females in the criminal justice system must often negotiate-worlds that are frequently riddled with violence, victimization, discrimination, and economic marginalization.
The issue of sexist language has been hotly debated within feminist circles since the 1960s. Previous books have tended to regard sexism in language as easy to identify and have suggested solutions to overcome and counter sexism. Sara Mills takes a fresh and more critical look at sexism in language, and argues that even in feminist circles it has become a problematic concept. Drawing on conversational and textual data collected over the last ten years, and with reference to recent research carried out in a range of different academic disciplines, Mills suggests that there are two forms of sexism - overt and indirect. Overt sexism is clear and unambiguous, while indirect sexism is based on pragmatics and the meaning and interpretation of utterances. Indirect sexism is extremely common and we therefore need new ways to challenge and analyse its usage in language.
Diagnostics of human forearm soft tissues using indentation and suction measurements : experimental and modeling analysis
Diakonia in a gender perspective
Journalism in conflict and post-conflict conditions : worldwide perspectives
Ethical, intercultural and interreligious sensitivities : a case study of Finnish urban secondary school students
Raising your spirited child : a guide for parents whose child is more intense, sensitive, perceptive, persistent, and energetic
Women and crime : a text/reader
The affect theory reader
Measuring multiple intelligences and moral sensitivities in education
Highly sensitive people in an insensitive world : how to create a happy life
Our success as a species is built on sociability, so shyness in humans should be an anomaly. But it's actually remarkably common - we all know what it's like to cringe in embarrassment, stand tongue-tied at the fringe of an unfamiliar group, or flush with humiliation if we suddenly become the unwelcome centre of attention. In 'Shrinking Violets', Joe Moran explores the hidden world of shyness, providing insights on everything from timidity in lemon sharks to the role of texting in Finnish love affairs.
Rhetoric or reality? : Contracts in aid chains and their impact on gender outcomes
James Boswell's urban experience in eighteenth-century London
Conversation and gender
Affective narratology : the emotional structure of stories
Francesca Woodman and the Kantian sublime
Highly intuitive people : 7 right-brain traits to change the lives of intuitive-sensitive people
Person reference and gender in translation : a contrastive investigation of English and German
Mothers and others : the evolutionary origins of mutual understanding
Sensitivity analysis in practice : a guide to assessing scientific models
"Gendering the Reader" is a collection of essays which aims to explore the relationship between gender and reading/interpretation. Rather than accepting a simple argument that women interpret texts differently, the contributors to this volume are concerned to explore the way that gender does and does not make a difference in a wide variety of interpretive contexts - in film, literature, TV, art, pop-songs, advertisements and magazines. The book presents a cogent synthesis of current research across the fields of film theory, cultural studies, media analysis, literary theory and sociology. "Gendering the Reader" poses important questions not only about the reading/viewing/hearing process, but also about the nature of gender differences.
The tact of teaching : the meaning of pedagogical thoughtfulness
Gendered migration patterns within a sex segregated labor market
Making work work for the highly sensitive person
Panic disorders : new research
Beyond sense and sensibility : moral formation and the literary imagination from Johnson to Wordsworth
Sensory integration and self-regulation in infants and toddlers : helping very young children interact with their environment
Sensitivity to people
Assessment of physical functioning in ambulatory persons with multiple sclerosis : aspects of reliability, responsiveness, and clinical usefulness in the ICF framework
Experiential learning, intercultural learning and teacher development in foreign language education
Women on corporate boards of directors : international research and practice
Managing interpersonal sensitivity : knowing when - and when not - to understand others
The highly sensitive person's survival guide : essential skills for living well in an overstimulating world
Senses of vibration : a history of the pleasure and pain of sound
The role of odor and sensory irritation in human chemical sensitivity
"A contented baby has a sensitive mother" : the construct and determinants of maternal sensitivity behaviour, and its association with infant temperament and behaviour in early interaction
Poetry and the fate of the senses
Cities and gender
"A contented baby has a sensitive mother" : the construct and determinants of maternal sensitivity behaviour and its association with infant temperament and behaviour in early interaction
