http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20190 real numbers
real numbers
A concrete introduction to real analysis
This book offers a rigorous and coherent introduction to the five basic number systems of mathematics, namely natural numbers, integers, rational numbers, real numbers, and complex numbers. It is a subject that many mathematicians believe should be learned by any student of mathematics including future teachers. The book starts with the development of Peano arithmetic in the first chapter which includes mathematical induction and elements of recursion theory. It proceeds to an examination of integers that also covers rings and ordered integral domains. The presentation of rational numbers includes material on ordered fields and convergence of sequences in these fields. Cauchy and Dedekind completeness properties of the field of real numbers are established, together with some properties of real continuous functions. An elementary proof of the Fundamental Theorem of Algebra is the highest point of the chapter on complex numbers. The great merit of the book lies in its extensive list of exercises following each chapter. These exercises are designed to assist the instructor and to enhance the learning experience of the students.
Exploring the real numbers
Foundations of mathematical analysis
On nuclear Köthe spaces defined by dragilev functions
Elements of real analysis
A course in p-adic analysis
"This text provides the fundamental concepts and techniques of real analysis for students in all of these areas. It helps one develop the ability to think deductively, analyse mathematical situations and extend ideas to a new context. Like the first three editions, this edition maintains the same spirit and user-friendly approach with addition examples and expansion on Logical Operations and Set Theory. There is also content revision in the following areas: introducing point-set topology before discussing continuity, including a more thorough discussion of limsup and limimf, covering series directly following sequences, adding coverage of Lebesgue Integral and the construction of the reals, and drawing student attention to possible applications wherever possible".
Number systems : an introduction to algebra and analysis
Theory of H[sup p] spaces
Real analysis
A radical approach to real analysis
Diophantine approximations
Introduction to real analysis
Basic real analysis
