http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20148 underground (styles)
underground (styles)
London's Underground : the world's premier underground system
The consolations of writing : literary strategies of resistance from Boethius to Primo Levi
A history of underground comics
Threesome. No. 1.
Notes from the underground : the cinema of Emir Kusturica
Trainspotting
The complete Matrix tapes : recorded November 26 & 27, 1969
The underground press in America
Sub pop USA : the Subterranean pop music anthology, 1980-1988
From underground to independent : alternative film culture in contemporary China
Inside the Cuban Revolution : Fidel Castro and the urban underground
Geomechanics principles in the design of tunnels and caverns in rocks
Going underground : American punk 1979-1989
Ugly girls on stage : Riot Grrrl reflected through misrepresentations
Soviet partisans in World War II
Underground London : travels beneath the city streets
CBGB & OMFUG : thirty years from the home of underground rock
Turing & Burroughs : a beatnik SF novel
One nation underground
The Chetnik movement & the Yugoslav resistance
New York noise : Art and music from The New York underground 1978-88
The history of underground communication in Russia since the seventeenth century
Engineering geology for underground works
Underground U.S.A. : filmmaking beyond the Hollywood canon
Incredibly strange music. Volume 2
Explosion source phenomenology
The complete Crumb. Vol. 4, Mr. Sixties!
The Chetniks
The Wild Boys
The Samizdat register. 2
Humpty Dumpty LSD
No commercial potential : the saga of Frank Zappa
Secret underground cities : an account of some of Britain's subterranean defence, factory and storage sites in the Second World War
The resistance in Austria, 1938-1945
Golden filth : Alive at the Filmore East
The Fugs second album : with additional live & studio tracks
Lou Reed : walk on the wild side : the stories behind the songs
Notes from the new underground : an anthology
The frozen borderline 1968-1970
First blues
Lou Reed : rock and roll heart
Your pretty face is going to hell : the dangerous glitter of David Bowie, Iggy Pop and Lou Reed
The silver age : black and white photographs from Andy Warhol's Factory
Incredibly strange music. Volume 1
Decadence Comics 2003-2015 : a case study of a contemporary underground comics collective
Underground film : a critical history
Threesome. No. 2.
The importance of being ernest
The Fugs second album
Absolutely free
God made dirt and dirt don't hurt
Back to Peru. Vol 2, The most complete compilation of Peruvian underground 1964/ 1974.
The Political, social, and religious thought of Russian samizdat : an anthology
Linger ficken' good .. and other barnyard oddities
Fear of music : why people get Rothko but don't get Stockhausen
Collects a decade of Sub pop fanzines and Seattle Rocket columns written and published by Bruce Pavitt, founder of Sub Pop Records, which later catapulted the Seattle music scene to international attention.
Freak out!
FILM IS : the international free cinema
Gothic rock
The Fugs first album : with sizzling additional tracks from the early Fugs
The construction of tunnels involves the resolution of various complex technical problems depending on the geological and geological-environmental context in which the work fits. Only a careful analysis of all the geological and geological-environmental issues and a correct reconstruction of the conceptual model can lead to optimal design solutions from all points of view (including financial) and ensure the safety of workers during the construction and users in the operation phase. It was therefore felt that there was a need to collect in one volume the state of current knowledge about: all the geological and environmental issues related to the construction of underground works the different methodologies used for the reconstruction of the conceptual model the different risk typologies that it is possible to encounter or that can arise from tunnel construction, and the most important risk assessment, management and mitigation methodologies that are used in tunneling studies.
Cosmic Cleavage
The complete wimmen's comix. Volume 1
Design, construction and commissioning of the EMMA experiment
The spiritual journey of Alejandro Jodorowsky : the creator of El topo
England's hidden reverse : a secret history of the esoteric reverse
The best band you never heard in your life
First album : with sizzling additional tracks from the early Fugs
The damned highway : fear and loathing in Arkham : a savage journey into the heart of the American nightmare, and back again
The rough guide to The Velvet Underground
The Samizdat register. 1, Voices of the Socialist opposition in the Soviet Union
In the sixties
Mirror, black mirror
Apostrophe!
The graphic art of the underground : a countercultural history
The museological unconscious : communal (post) modernism in Russia
Underground cable thermal backfill
Notes on the underground : an essay on technology, society, and the imagination
The Andy Warhol diaries
The life and death of Andy Warhol
Uncovering the sixties : the life and times of the underground press
The Fugs
Deviations on a theme : a retrospective of the artist's career
The Singles 1983-1995
Burroughs live : the collected interviews of William S. Burroughs, 1960-1997
Geothermics
Advanced power cable technology. Volume 1, Basic concepts and testing
"The Graphic Art of the Underground: A Countercultural History showcases the visual art and design that has emanated from a series of iconoclastic, underground youth movements within Western pop culture since the 1950s, and which have challenged the perceived social and cultural complacency of the establishment.As such, it takes the reader on a colourful and provocative journey through the art of Californian custom car decoration (Kustom Kulture), psychedelia, underground comix and countercultural magazines, punk graphics, Lowbrow and Pop Surrealist art, designer vinyl toys and indie crafting. In doing so, it draws upon the work of an array of artistic figures - many of whose lives have proved as colourful as their work - such as Ed 'Big Daddy' Roth, Kenny 'Von Dutch' Howard (who gave his name posthumously to an internationally successful clothing brand), Robert Williams, Robert Crumb, Frank Kozik, Jamie Reid, Gee Vaucher, James Cauty, Barney Bubbles and Banksy, among numerous others"--
The voices of the silent
Transgression and mundanity : the global extreme metal music scene
Spare ass Annie and other tales
Off the road : my years with Cassady, Kerouac, and Ginsberg
Fighters in the shadows : a new history of the French resistance
The wild boys : a book of the dead
On the road
Progressive nostalgia : contemporary art from the former USSR : an interview with Viktor Misiano
Origins of the underground : British poetry between apocryphon and incident light 1933-79
Everything
Queen of Siam
Forest brothers : the account of an anti-Soviet Lithuanian freedom fighter, 1944-1948
New voices in the nation : women and the Greek Resistance, 1941-1964
Live from the 60s
Betting on the muse : poems & stories
Break through in grey room
Creative outlaws : UK underground 1965-1971
Cheap thrills
Pop art : Underground sounds from the Warhol era
Andy Warhol : pop art painter
The literary underground of the Old Regime
Ports of entry : William S. Burroughs and the arts
Views from the inside : Czech underground literature and culture 1948-1989 : manifestoes, testimonies, documents
Incredibly strange music. Volume II
Advanced power cable technology. Volume 2, Present and future
Tenderness junction ; It crawled into my hand, honest
"Jodorowsky's memoirs of his experiences with Master Takata and the group of wisewomen magiciennes who influenced his spiritual growth"
We can't do this alone : Jefferson Hack the system
Joe's garage acts I, II & III
Censorship now!!
Anarchy & alchemy : the films of Alejandro Jodorowsky
The complete wimmen's comix. Volume  2
In the seventies : adventures in the counter-culture
Adios III : works of 9 fantastic artists
The literary underground in the 1660s : Andrew Marvell, George Wither, Ralph Wallis, and the world of restoration satire and pamphleteering
The complete Crumb. Volume 3, Starring Fritz the cat
On the road : the original scroll
Days in the life : voices from the English Underground 1961-1971
Up-tight : the story of the Velvet Underground
A-Â : žurnal neoficial'nogo russkogo iskusstva 1979-1986 = A-Ya : Unofficial Russian art review 1979-1986
Double duce : and the WDH stories
On the ground : an illustrated anecdotal history of the sixties underground press in the U.S
Summer of love : psychedelic art, social crisis and counterculture in the 1960s
Electriclarryland
The directory of British alternative periodicals, 1965-1974
Second album : with additional live & studio tracks
Gay Gotham : art and underground culture in New York
Despite everything : a Cometbus omnibus
The giant-killers : the story of the Danish resistance movement, 1940-1945
Add toner : a Cometbus collection
Absolutely Free
Octobriana and the Russian underground
Burning oil
Let's go to hell : scattered memories of the Butthole Surfers
Lou Reed and the Velvet Underground
The complete Crumb. Volume 5, Happy hippy comix
Secret comics Japan : underground comics now
Velvet Underground & Nico : Deluxe edition
The last of the hippies
Electromagnetic steamboat : The Reprise recordings
That way
The Factsheet five zine reader : the best writing from the underground world of zines
The East Village Other (EVO) : Electric newspaper, Hiroshima day : USA vs underground
Naked lunch
Harriet Tubman : the life and the life stories
"...one of the key texts of the countercultural revolution of the time, a work which drew the links between the emergence of alternatives to mainstream societal norms and the threatening backdrop of potential nuclear cataclysm"--Wikipedia.
Late century dream : movements in the US indie music underground
