http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20140 feminist aesthetics
feminist aesthetics
Challenging the orientalist reading of Mary Wortley Montagu's Turkish Letters with feminist approaches
Decadent new woman (un)bound : mimetic strategies in L. Onerva's 'Mirdja'
Acting out : feminist performances / editors: Lynda Hart and Peggy Phelan
Generations & geographies in the visual arts : feminist readings / edited by: Griselda Pollock
Women, art, and society : 243 illustrations, 50 in colour
Volatile bodies : towards a corporeal feminism / Elizabeth Grosz
Disorienting vision : rereading stereotypes in French orientalist texts and images
Women's voices : female authors and feminist criticism in the Finnish literary tradition / edited by Päivi Lappalainen & Lea Rojola
Encountering the New Woman : feminist rebellion and literature
In her first book, Felski sets out an ambitious and interesting project: to prove faulty what she sees as the two dominant modes of current feminist literary theory and to suggest, instead, an alternative, more wide-ranging view of what a feminist literary theory might do. Her major premise is that there can be no feminist aesthetic as has developed out of the feminist literature published over the last 20 years, partially because that aesthetic, while purporting to be "other," has been developed out of a normative field of aesthetics. She argues, rather, for a feminist literary theory that admits what she sees as its inextricable bonds with the social and political issues of the wider feminist community. Felski's position is a compelling one, and her discussion of recent women's writing supports her viewpoint admirably. - Jessica Grim, NYPL.
Unbearable weight : feminism, Western culture, and the body
Difference and excess in contemporary art : the visibility of women's practice / edited by Gill Perry
The Aesthetic subject : exploring the usefulness of Foucauldian tools in feminism
Writing on the body : female embodiment and feminist theory
Understanding children's literature
Women, art, and power and other essays
Women making art : history, subjectivity, aesthetics / Marsha Meskimmon
The Cambridge companion to Simone de Beauvoir
Finnish Summary.
Baroness Elsa : gender, dada and everyday modernity : a cultural biography / Irene Gammel
Intercultural communication and creative practice : music, dance, and women's cultural identity
Feminism and traditional aesthetics
Feminism-art-theory : an anthology 1968-2000 / edited by Hilary Robinson
Differential aesthetics : art practices, philosophy and feminist understanding / edited by Penny Florence, Nicola Foster
The new art history : a critical introduction / Johathan Harris
Differencing the canon : feminist desire and the writing of art's histories
Special issue : the philosophy of music
Impurity liberates creativity
A poet of her own faith : Lucille Clifton's remaking of Christianity
The vegan studies project : food, animals, and gender in the age of terror
Finnish summary.
Feminist visual culture / edited by Fiona Carson and Claire Pajaczkowska
Gender and genius : towards a feminist aesthetics
Rewriting loss : melancholia, ethics, and aesthetics in selected works by Chuang Hua, Maxine Hong Kingston, and Fae Myenne Ng.
Differential aesthetics : art practices, philosophy and feminist understandings
Role models : feminine identity in contemporary American photography
Re.act.feminism No. 2 : a performing archive
Imaging desire / Mary Kelly
The sacred and the feminine : imagination and sexual difference
Queer theory
Sexual feelings : reading, affectivity and sexuality in a selection of anglophone Caribbean women's writing
Art today is an increasingly multifaceted phenomenon, encompassing transgressive works that intervene in war, inequalities, ecological disasters, and revolutionary changes in technology. Carnal Aesthetics is a fascinating new examination of this aspect of contemporary visual culture. Employing recent theories of transgressive body imagery, trauma, affectivity and sensation, it provides a fresh look at the meeting point between the politics of representation and the politics of perception, through the prismatic lens of feminist theory. Acclaimed scholars, including Griselda Pollock, Vivian Sobchack, Laura Marks, Erin Manning, Jill Bennett, and Martine Beugnet, analyse seminal case studies coming from different media: digital photography, video, film and multimedia art. They explore a number of transgressive movements that significantly reconfigure the relationship between the body and the image, challenging also the primacy of vision.
How to do theory
The aesthetic subject : exploring the usefulness of Foucauldian tools in feminism
Queer Theory is one of the most contested and intellectually complex movements in contemporary sexual politics. Where did it come from, and what does it do? Is queer theory only for queers? If you have ever wanted to be a leather daddy, been puzzled by performativity, tried to measure bisexuality, or wondered whether Diana, Princess of Wales could be a gay icon, Queer Theory is required reading. This vibrant anthology of groundbreaking work by influential scholars, activists, performers, and visual artists is essential for anyone with an interest in sexuality studies or gender activism. The fifteen articles - including two specially commissioned contributions, as well as an engaging introduction - map, contextualise, and challenge queer theory's project both within and beyond the academy. Helpful critical summaries that link the selections, and suggestions for further reading, make this volume perfect for anyone approaching queer theory for the first time.
The expanding discourse : feminism and art history
Sisters! Making films, doing politics : an exploration in artistic research
The notion of a special intimacy between 'the feminine and the sacred' has received significant attention since the publication of Julia Kristeva and Catherine Clement's famous ecumenical "Conversation" of the same name which focused on the relationship between meaning and the body at whose interface the feminine is positioned. Brought to the wider public as the 'sacred feminine', it has also made its mark on popular culture. Taking up the debate and moving beyond anthropology or theology, writers from varied ethnic, geo-cultural and religious perspectives here join with secular cultural analysts to explore the sacred and the feminine in art, architecture, literature, art history, music, philosophy, theology, critical theory and cultural studies. The book addresses key issues in feminist questions of creativity, the imaginary and the sacred as 'otherness', exploring the ways in which visual practices have explored this rich, contested and highly charged territory.
Conference proceedings for affective encounters : rethinking embodiment in feminist media studies
Queer community through photographic acts : three entrances to an artistic research project approaching LGBTQIA Russia
The pink glass swan : selected essays on feminist art
Carnal aesthetics : transgressive imagery and feminist politics
Feminist aesthetics
A long-needed corrective and alternative view of Western art history, these seventeen essays by respected scholars are arranged chronologically and cover every major period from the ancient Egyptian to the present. While several of the essays deal with major women artists, the book is essentially about Western art history and the extent to which it has been distorted, in every period, by sexual bias.
Looking back to the future : essays on art, life and death / essays: Griselda Pollock ; introduction and commentary: Penny Florence
New frontiers of space, bodies and gender / edited by Rosa Ainley
The new woman and the aesthetic opening : unlocking gender in twentieth-century texts
Visual and other pleasures
Ecstasy unlimited : on sex, capital, gender and aesthetics
The feminism and visual culture reader
A reader's guide to contemporary literary theory
With other eyes : looking at race and gender in visual culture / editor: Lisa Bloom
Arguing about art : contemporary philosophical debates / edited by Alex Neill and Aaron Ridley
Aesthetics : critical concepts in philosophy. Vol. 3, Issues and challenges
Beyond feminist aesthetics : feminist literature and social change
With other eyes : looking at race and gender in visual culture
Feminism and art history : questioning the litany
Psychoanalysis, aesthetics, and politics in the work of Kristeva
Wet : on painting, feminism, and art culture / Mira Schor
Challenging the orientalist reading of Mary Wortley Montagu's Turkish letters with feminist approaches
Between women : biographers, novellists, critics, teachers and artists write about their work on women
Towards a twenty-first-century feminist politics of music
Presents a fresh way of thinking about the absence of women's music. This title encourages us, with the assistance of Deleuze, and feminist-Deleuzian work, to begin the important work of imagining what else might be possible, not in order to provide answers but to open up the as yet unknown.
