http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20155 emptiness
emptiness
Elaborations on emptiness : uses of the Heart Sūtra
Lopez reveals unexpected points of instability and contradiction in the Heart Sutra, which, in the end, turns out to be the most malleable of texts, where the logic of commentary serves as a tool of both tradition and transgression.
Voids : a retrospective : Centre Pompidou, Paris, February 25 - March 23, 2009 : Kunsthalle Bern, September 10 - October 11, 2009 / edited by: Mathieu Copeland with John Armleder, Laurent Le Bon ... [et al.] ; redaction: Clément Dirié
Void : the strange physics of nothing
Horror vacui : tyhjyyden kammo =  Horror vacui : fear of empty spaces / Ville Lähde
The Heart Sutra is perhaps the most famous Buddhist text, traditionally regarded as a potent expression of emptiness and of the Buddha's perfect wisdom. This brief, seemingly simple work was the subject of more commentaries in Asia than any other sutra. In Elaborations on Emptiness, Donald Lopez explores for the first time the elaborate philosophical and ritual uses of the Heart Sutra in India, Tibet, and the West.
The impossible mourning of Jacques Derrida
A Universe from nothing : why there is something rather than nothing
The globalization of nothing
Nichts = Nothing : [Schirn Kunsthalle Frankfurt, 12. Juli - 1. Oktober 2006] / herausgegeben von = edited by: Martina Weinhart, Max Hollein ;  [Essays von = contributions by: Mieke Bal, Ulrike Gehring ... [et al.]]
The myth of emptiness and the new American literature of place
I melt with you
The blind assassin
Medieval and seventeenth-century conceptions of an infinite void space beyond the cosmos
A philosophy of emptiness
A universe from nothing : why there is something rather than nothing
Included here are full translations of the eight extant Indian commentaries. Interspersed with the translations are six essays that examine the unusual roles the Heart Sutra has played: it has been used as a mantra, an exorcism text, a tantric meditation guide, and as the material for comparative philosophy. Taken together, the translations and essays that form Elaborations on Emptiness demonstrate why commentary is as central to modern scholarship on Buddhism as it was for ancient Buddhists.
The winner stands alone
While confessing belief in God 'the maker of heaven and earth' launches the ancient creeds of the Christian church, the classical concept of creation ex nihilo has been neglected recently. It is thought by many to have little to say about our current needs and circumstances. In these 12 essays, leading scholars from around the world take a fresh look at the concept of creation 'ex nihilo.' The contributors provide a thorough historiography of the concept, paying particular attention to the views of Aquinas, Dante, Luther, Merleau-Ponty, and Bulgakov. They examine the philosophical and theological implications of 'ex nihilo' and its place in modern theology. Delving into topics as varied as prayer, providence, beauty, divine presence, our relation to other creatures, freedom, and grace, this book highlights the ways in which this ancient concept remains vital for the health of modern theology.
Much ado about nothing : theories of space and vacuum from the Middle Ages to the Scientific Revolution
"In Under the Sign of Empty, Wendy Harding adopts a transdisciplinary perspective that draws on the theories of geographers, historians, sociologists, and philosophers to understand the reasons for the enduring perception of emptiness in the American landscape. In doing so, she identifies a recent trend in the literature of place that corrects the misperceptions resulting from this trope"--
The void
Lina Kim : rooms / [essays by] Matthias Harder, Jürgen Harten, Bernd Hüppauf
Testing the retranslation hypothesis : a case study of Agatha Christie's Why didin̕'t they ask Evans? and its two Finnish translations
Void in Korean art : [Leeum, Samsung Museum of Art, Seoul, November 1, 2007 - January 27, 2008] / [text: Lee Joon]
Creation 'ex nihilo' and modern theology
Japan and the West : the filled void : Kunstmuseum Wolfsburg, [September 22, 2007 to Januar 13, 2008] / with texts by Stephen Addis...[et al.]
The uses of chaos
Nothing : from absolute zero to cosmic oblivion : amazing insights into nothingness
