http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20122 photographic models
photographic models photo models
I'll never write my memoirs
How to become a star : 12 simple steps to celebrity & fame : image, talent, auditions, media
Sharon Tate and the Manson murders
Memoir : I'll never write my memoirs
CATWALK
Decorative picture frames : stained glass pattern book
Alek : Sudanese refugee to international supermodel
Becoming
The notorious Bettie Page
The fashion book
The nutshell studies of unexplained death : essays and photographs
Sharon Tate : recollection
Bunny tales : behind closed doors at the Playboy mansion
Desert flower : the extraordinary life of a desert nomad
Information retrieval : searching in the 21st century
Face of fashion
How to make and decorate 30 fabulous picture frames : a practival and fun guide to making and personalizing a variety of picture frames creative and stunning decorative effects
Peter Lindbergh ; a different vision on fashion photography
The model's handbook
No lifeguard on duty : the accidental life of the world's first supermodel
One woman 100 faces
Kate Moss : addicted to love
The first comprehensive biography of Sharon Tate: Hollywood star, wife of Roman Polanski, victim of Charles Manson, and symbol of the death of the 1960s.
Kate : the Kate Moss book
Imperfect beauty : the making of contemporary fashion photographs
Lifework
"International supermodel Cindy Crawford chronicles her life and career, sharing stories and lessons learned, and featuring her most memorable images. Cindy Crawford was the cornerstone of the golden age of the supermodel in the 1990s. She blazed a trail during that decade, seamlessly moving between the runway to unconventional outlets, such as cutting-edge MTV, Super Bowl commercials, and even Playboy magazine. On the eve of her fiftieth birthday, Crawford looks back, photo shoot by photo shoot, on a remarkable career and various life lessons she absorbed. She discusses her earliest modeling years and learning how to become less self-conscious in front of a camera; trusting her own instincts about creating positive messages about a healthy and strong body image that she knew would reach women of all ages; her feelings about becoming a wife and a mother; and her thoughts about turning fifty and what she would tell her younger self if she had the chance. The photographs span her entire career, beginning from the mid 1980s, and feature unpublished images from Crawford's personal archive in addition to images by every top name in fashion photography, including Annie Leibovitz, Arthur Elgort, Helmut Newton, Herb Ritts, Irving Penn, Patrick Demarchelier, and Richard Avedon, among others"--Publisher's description.
Paris Vogue : covers 1920-2009
Inside the Playboy mansion : if you don't swing, don't ring
Beauty
Desert flower
Maailman ihanin tyttö = The loveliest girl in the world
Have I said too much? : my life in and out of the model agency
Her turn to cry
Walter Iooss : a lifetime shooting sports & beauty
Hitler moves east : a graphic chronicle, 1941-43
Fashion faces up : photographs and words from the world of fashion
Metamorphosis
Drawing realistic pets from photographs
Two-faced
Look at me
Kill me twice
Lady blue eyes : my life with Frank
The neon demon
"Photographer Craig McDean captures the celebrated evolution of fashion's biggest muses: Kate Moss, Guinevere van Seenus, and Amber Valletta. With their waiflike frames and unique features that contrasted with the supermodels of the '80s, Amber, Guinevere, and Kate became the anti-supermodels that, alongside grunge, signified a global shift in culture. And Craig McDean, an artist with a talented eye for the striking and unusual, photographed them from their beginnings. McDean, whose works are praised for their conceptual and sophisticated edge, is well respected in both the photography and fashion worlds. Shot on film from 1992 through 2002, this roughly chronological volume of 150 color and black-and-white images includes never-before-published photographs, outtakes from famous shoots, and contact sheets"--Publisher's web site.
Lisa Fonssagrives : three decades of classic fashion photography
Power games
It
The agile rabbit visual dictionary of vegetables
Fashion in motion : Esther Haase
A beautiful model's death uncovers an ugly conspiracy stretching all the way to Westminster in Rosie Gilmour's darkest case to date. When rags-to-riches Scots supermodel Bella Mason plunges to her death from the roof of a glitzy Madrid hotel, everyone assumes it was suicide. Except that one person saw exactly what happened to Bella that night, and she definitely didn't jump. But Millie Chambers has no one she can tell - alcoholic, depressed herself and now sectioned by her bullying politician husband, who would believe her? And that's not all Millie knows. Being close to the heart of Westminster power can lead to discovering some awful secrets... Back in Glasgow, Rosie's research into Bella's life leads to her brother, separated from her in care years before. Dan is now a homeless heroin addict and rent boy, but what he reveals about Bella's early life is electrifying: organised sexual abuse in care homes across Glasgow. Bella had tracked him down so that they could tell the world their story. And now she's dead. As Rosie's drive to expose the truth leads her closer to Millie and the shameful secrets she has kept for so many years, it becomes clear that what she's about to discover could prove fatal: a web of sexual abuse linking powerful figures across the nation, and the rot at the very heart of the British Establishment...
Fashion shots
The Fashion careers guidebook
Perfect image
Models of influence : 50 women who reset the course of fashion
The model as muse : embodying fashion
Bernard of Hollywood pin-ups : guide to pin-up photography
Fashion
New African fashion
The America's Next Top Model fierce guide to life : the ultimate source of beauty, fashion, and model behavior
The British invasion : Barry Miles
Vogue model : the faces of fashion
The Cuckoo's Calling
Some of me
Optimization-based techniques for image restoration
Love, lipstick and lies
The cuckoo's calling
Elite street : the Elite model look : a fashion and style manual
The agile rabbit visual dictionary of fruit = Bildwörterbuch Obst = dictionnaire visuel des fruits = Dizionario visuale della frutta = Diccionario visual de las frutas = Dicionario visual da fruta
Twiggy in black and white
Photographing models : 1,000 poses
Making Victorian costumes for women
Pricing beauty : the making of a fashion model
