http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20174 Nestorians
Nestorians members of Church of the East
In 'The constancy and development of the Christology of Theodoret of Cyrrhus' Vasilije Vranic offers an assessment of the involvement of Theodoret of Cyrrhus in the Nestorian and Miaphysite controversies of the fifth century. Theodoret's Christological language and concepts are examined in their historical contexts. The study is based on the comparison between the early period of Theodoret's Christological output (Expositio rectae fidei and Refutation of the Twelve Anathemas) and his mature period (Eranistes). Theodoret's Christology is ultimately vindicated and his position as a credible theologian who anticipated the definition of the Council of Chalcedon (AD 451) is assured, while proposing that challenges to the consistency of his Christology ought to be reconsidered.
The constancy and development in the Christology of Theodoret of Cyrrhus
The liturgical homilies of Narsai
Nestorian missionary enterprise : the story of a church on fire
The church of the East : an illustrated history of Assyrian Christianity
The Nestorians and their Muslim neighbors : a study of Western influence on their relations
The mission of friar William of Rubruck : his journey to the court of the Great Khan Möngke 1253-1255
Assyrian identity and the great war : Nestorian, Chaldean and Syrian Christians in the 20th century
Until the beginning of the 19th century, Nestorians, Chaldeans and Syrian Christians, belonging to various different branches of Eastern Christianity, Lived as small, little-known communities within the eastern provinces of the Ottoman Empire. This book examines the situation of these Eastern Christians during the First World War using a wide range of Western and Ottoman archival sources. At the outbreak of the First World War, the Nestorians, Chaldeans, and Syrian Christians found themselves trapped in the middle of the struggle between the Ottoman Empire and the Entente powers. The Syrian Christians and Chaldeans remained faithful to Ottoman rule and were generally quiescent during the war, while the Nestorians, encouraged by Russia, entered the war as the Entente powers' "smallest ally". The Eastern Christian communities appeared on the stage at the most critical period of the First World War, and left a tragic story behind them. Owing to modern claims that a mass murder or "genocide" of the Nestorians and Syrian Christians was committed during 1915, the issue is no longer obscure and has become an international historical and political problem. This book presents interesting new historical material and provides a fascinating perspective on this issue for all scholars and students of Middle Eastern history and geopolitics that is relevant to the regional situation today.
Rome and the Eastern Churches : a study in schism
The Church of the East : a concise history
