http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20132 television advertising
television advertising
Vuoden huiput 2012 : parasta suomalaista markkinointiviestintää ja muotoilua = The best of the year 2012 : the best of Finnish advertising and design
Essentials of contemporary advertising
Sold separately : children and parents in consumer culture
The impact of national culture on a television advertising message
Strategic copywriting : how to create effective advertising
Consumer protection in TV advertising : a comparative study between Finland and England
Globesity, food marketing and family lifestyles
The language of television advertising
Direct marketing : strategy/planning/execution
Promoting products with fear : positive emotional responses to fear appeals in promotional television advertising
The use of cultural values in Chinese TV commercials : a content analysis
Creativity sixteen : a photographic review
Hofstede's cultural dimensions reflected in Finnish and French television commercials
Research in media promotion
>On screen>in time : transitions in motion graphic design for film, television and new media
The spot : the rise of political advertising on television
Television advertising that works : an analysis of commercials from effective campaigns
Finnish television commercials as text types
"Because you're worth it" : multilingualism in Finnish television advertising
The symbolic dynamics of TV-viewing
Advertising to children on TV : content, impact, and regulation
Photographis : the international annual of advertising and editorial and television photography = das internationale Jahrbuch der Werbephotographie und der redekationellen Photographie = le répertoire international de la photographie publicitaire et rédactionelle. '76
Advertising : principles & practice
Photographis : the international annual of advertising  photography = das internationale Jahrbuch der Werbephotographie = le répertoire international de la photographie publicitaire. '68
Advertising creative : strategy, copy, design
Directing: the television commersial
Television myth and the American mind
Introduction to mass communication : media literacy and culture
Air wars : television advertising and social media in election campaigns, 1952-2012
Children and the faces of television : teaching, violence, selling
Television : critical methods and applications
A new medium for local advertising : pilot project of Talokanava
The purpose of this thesis was to research the television adverts and marketing communication of Panda. Three different television adverts were chosen from Panda's advertising campaigns and analysed in detail. Their features, such as the idea, visual image, message and language, main character and its role, and effectiveness were examined. The influence of advertising on consumer behaviour was also analysed. This thesis also concentrated on coherency between the messages delivered through television advertising and the overall marketing communication objectives. In addition to this, image and brand building through advertising was examined. The research process was based on a case study analysis of the advertising of Panda. Information regarding Panda's communication and business objectives and how to turn them into effective marketing communication activities was acquired by interviewing the marketing director of Panda. The results of the research were very positive. The three analysed adverts of Panda each have a good idea supporting their main objectives, both in introducing the new product and promoting it. They also support the brand and build up images of a happy, warm, and close brand. Panda has achieved their goal of bringing their core values into advertising and marketing communication, and each advert presents this. Television advertising is an effective medium and helps in raising awareness about new products by reaching its target groups. Finland is a small country when it comes to the amount of inhabitants but people are spread out to all parts of the country, and television advertising can reach them all simultaneously. The purpose of advertising is to influence consumers. This is done by building up positive images of the products and the company itself, by raising interest and in the end creating a purchase need. Behavioural impacts are achieved by appealing to viewers' emotions. According to the results of the analysis, television advertising is profitable and beneficial for this company, even though it is not the most cost efficient advertising option. However, it ultimately does pay off, as can be seen by the good results achieved through it.
Lürzer's Int'l Archive : ads, tv and posters worldwide
Commercial television and European children : an international research digest
Advertising research in the Nordic countries
Advertising to children in China
Photographis : the international annual of advertising and editorial and television photography = das internationale Jahrbuch der Werbephotographie und der redekationellen Photographie = le répertoire international de la photographie publicitaire et rédactionelle. '74
Photographis : the international annual of advertising and editorial and television photography = das internationale Jahrbuch der Werbephotographie und der redekationellen Photographie = le répertoire international de la photographie publicitaire et rédactionelle. '72
On television
Advertising to children
Showreel.02 : 56 projects on audiovisual design
Children's television commercials : a content analysis
Television and political advertising. Vol. 1, Psychological processes
Strategies in televised political advertising in United States presidential elections
The American Trojan horse : U.S. television confronts Canadian economic and cultural nationalism
The Advertising Kit : a complete guide for small businesses
Television advertising directed towards children : a case study in the United Kingdom and in Finland
The One Show : advertising's best print, radio, television and innovative media
The beginning of Finnish tv advertising
"Hey, Whipple, Squeeze This." : a guide to creating great ads
Let's try something new tonight : on translating voiceovers for TV commercials
Landscapes of capital : representing time, space, and globalization in corporate advertising
Gravitational marketing : the science of attracting customers
The advertising possibilities in television over the Internet : conceptual framework for an ad paid internet television service
The art of voice acting : the craft and business of performing for voice-over
Effective television advertising : a study of 1000 commercials
Kleppner's advertising procedure
Advertising a reflection of culture
Television advertising and televangelism : discourse analysis of persuasive language
Broadcast and cable selling
Audience economics : media institutions and the audience marketplace
Consumer recall of brand and product class under conditioning of music from television commercials
Advertising in the broadcast and cable media
New media in Europe : satellites, cable, VCRs and videotex
Managing media data for market profit
Children and foreign language television advertisements : a comprehension test
The little blue book of advertising : fifty-two small ideas that can make a big difference
Photographis : the international annual of advertising and editorial photography = das internationale Jahrbuch der Werbephotographie und der redekationellen Photographie = le répertoire international de la photographie publicitaire et rédactionelle. '77
Developmental stage and children's reactions to TV advertising
The best of British illustration : the Association of Illustrators 4th annual
Shock marketing : advertising, influence and family values
This thesis aims to explore business opportunities through discovering factors that are needed to be known to understand Korean sense of humor, Hae-Hak, in practice on external communication with advertisement. By focusing on the research on specific examples of Korean advertisements that Hae-Hak is used, this paper will help you to understand Korean sense of humor. Under the HURMOS Project, to discover the utility of humor in business life of South Korea, research has been done.
Principles of advertising : a global perspective
Stay tuned : a history of American broadcasting
Relationships and sacred rituals : heterosexuality as a product of commercials
Ads, fads, and consumer culture : advertising's impact on American character and society
Designing a Booking System for Media Agency Use
Humor in business : case analysis of South Korean humorous advertisements
Consumer culture and TV programming
Children's television : an analysis of programming and advertising
Why do I love and hate the Sugarfolks in Syruptown? : studying the visual production of heteronormativity in television commercials
Advertising now! : TV commercials
On musical signification in television commercials
The four complete historic Ed Sullivan shows : featuring the Beatles and other artists..
The One Show 2000 : advertising's best print, radio, TV : volume 22
Promotion and marketing for broadcasting, cable, and the web
The commercials book : [how 32 of the world's best directors make their commercials]
Advertising pure and simple
The ad-makers : how the best TV commercials are produced
The one show. volume 35
Television advertising and children
Classroom combat : teaching and television
Marketing for Dummies
Persuasive advertising : evidence-based principles
The One Show : judged to be advertising's best print, radio, TV. volume 18
"This book examines the public controversies surrounding lifestyle risks in the consumer society. Comparing news coverage of the globesity pandemic in Britain and the USA, it illustrates the way moral panic brought childrens food marketing to the centre of the policy debates about consumer lifestyles"--
Advertising today
"In Finland we have this thing called reilu meininki" : English in Finnish television commercial
Television is the new television : the unexpected triumph of old media in the digital age
Kellogg on advertising and media
Development of fast food advertising on television from 1990 to 2006
The one show volume 29 : advertisingś best print, radio, television and innovative media
Abandoned in the wasteland : children, television, and the First Amendment
Advertising as a social communication : contrastive study on English and Finnish TV-advertisements
Analyzing media interactions : the effects of coordinated TV-print advertising campaigns
Advertising creative : strategy, copy + design
Communication Tools and the Influence of Culture in Television Advertising : A Study of South Korea and Finland
Program context and consumer acceptance of TV advertising
Harvesting minds : how TV commercials control kids
Reklaamfilmid = World famous TV commercials
Animator perspective to animation in advertising
This business of televisionTM
Television and political advertising. Vol. 2, Signs, codes, and images
Contemporary advertising
The One Show : judged to be advertising's best print, radio, TV : volume 20
Lürzer's Int'l Archive : ads, tv and posters world wide
The radio & television commercial
Finnish kindergarten children's parents' attitudes towards advertising in children's TV shows : the influence of children's advertising for parents' everyday lives
Television form and public address
Photographis : the international annual of advertising and editorial and television photography = das internationale Jahrbuch der Werbephotographie und der redekationellen Photographie = le répertoire international de la photographie publicitaire et rédactionelle. '73
The comparison of Finnish and Chiness TV advertising on chocolate product
Broadcast/cable copywriting
How women are represented in television programmes in the EEC. Part 1, Images of women in news, advertising, and series and serials
The 100 best TV commercials : ... and why they worked
Photographis : the international annual of advertising  photography = das internationale Jahrbuch der Werbephotographie = le répertoire international de la photographie publicitaire. '71
Achieving marketing communication objectives through advertising : case study Oy Panda Ab
Standardization and adaptation in international advertising : case study : KappAhl 2006-2007 You Look Great TV advertising campaign in Finland
D&AD09 : the best advertising and design in the world
