http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2015 symbols
symbols
Mythological bonds between East and West
The complete encyclopedia of signs & symbols : identification and analysis of the visual vocabulary that formulates our thoughts and dictates our reactions to the world around us
Dance images in temples of mainland Southeast Asia
A guide to masonic symbolism
Color symbolism : the Eranos lectures
Phonetic symbol guide
The book of love symbols
A dictionary of symbols
O, say can you see? : America's symbols, landmarks, and inspiring words
The tricks and treats of halloween!
Sacred tattoos of Thailand : exploring the magic, masters and mystery of Sak Yan
Cosmic clowns : convention, invention, and inversion in the Yaqui Easter ritual
A dictionary of symbols / by J.E. Cirlot
A dictionary of Chinese symbols : hidden symbols in Chinese life and thought
Lines : a brief history
Symbol : the reference guide to abstract and figurative trademarks
Symbols of Freemasonry
The dragon : nature of spirit, spirit of nature
Reading the Maya glyphs
The cross : its history & symbolism : an account of the symbol more universal in its use and more important in its significance than any other in the world
This article looks at the ways Lithuanian emigrants in the U.S. experience attachment to their homeland. The text intends to conceptualize the importance of ethnicity, creation of emotional bond with the home country, fellow citizens, and the government. Empirical data were collected by the author of the article during the ethnographic fieldtrip in the USA. A pilot fieldwork was conducted in March, 2007, on the West Coast, California: San Diego, Santa Monica, Los Angeles, Mission Viejo, and Orange County. The main field study was done in April-June, 2008, on the East Coast: New York (NY), Pittsfield (MA), Jersey City (NJ), Philadelphia (PA), Brattleboro (VT); and in the Central part: Chicago (IL). The last stage of the fieldwork was completed in October-November, 2013, again, on the East Coast - in New York (NY). During the fieldwork, “emic” data and visual recordings were collected through participant observation and qualitative semi-structured interviews. As the article points out, while living in the U.S., “Lithuanian” symbols help emigrants to maintain the transnational link with their country of origin allowing to create their private spaces of “home” where they feel safe and, sometimes, as if they have never left Lithuania. Despite the fact that Lithuanian Americans express predominantly negative attitudes toward their home country and people who remained there, it could not be argued that they have emotionally distanced themselves from their motherland in order to re-create their own identity by denying ethnic roots. Even negative narratives about Lithuania reveal the presence of nostalgia, the immigrants' need to talk about Lithuania and the mass of questions that remain unanswered or unresolved..
Nature mandalas : coloring book
Signs and symbols : what they mean and how we use them
The lost symbol
The Hutchinson dictionary of symbols in art
Symbolism in liturgical art
C. G. Jung and the psychology of symbolic forms
The world of symbols/logos and trademarks : India
The symbolic construction of reality : the legacy of Ernst Cassirer
Dictionary of all scriptures and myths
A climate of fear
The swastika : symbol beyond redemption?
Symbol signs : the development of passenger/pedestrian oriented symbols for use in transportation-related facilities
The secret language of symbols : a visual key to symbols and their meanings
Liberation exhibitions as a commemorative membrane of socialist Hungary
The restorer
Shady characters : ampersands, interrobangs and other typographical curiosities
1001 symbols : an illustrated key to the world of symbols
How to read a nautical chart : a complete guide to the symbols, abbreviations and data displayed on nautical charts
Hidden myth : structure & symbolism in advertising
Summary: The image of Pietism - a window to personal spirituality : the teachings of Johann Arndt as the basis of Pietist emblems.
Dictionary of symbols
The secret language of flowers
THE BOOK OF SIGNS
The lost language of symbolism : the origins of symbols, mythologies & folklore. Vol 2
Sign, symbol & form / Louise Bowen Ballinger, Raymond A. Ballinger
The philosophy of symbolic forms. 1-2
The grave as a doorway to the other world : architectural religious symbolism in Iron Age graves in Scandinavia
There are many ways to picture the world - Australian 'x-ray' pictures, cubist collages, Amerindian split-style figures, and pictures in two-point perspective each draw attention to different features of what they represent. The premise of Understanding Pictures is that this diversity is the central fact with which a theory of figurative pictures must reckon. Lopes argues that identifying pictures' subjects is akin to recognizing objects whose appearances have changed over time. He develops a schema for categorizing the different ways pictures represent-the different kinds of meaning they have-and he contends that depiction's epistemic value lies in its representational diversity. He also offers a novel account of the phenomenology of pictorial experience, comparing pictures to visual prostheses like mirrors and binoculars. The book concludes with a discussion of works of art which have made pictorial meaning their theme, demonstrating the importance of the issues this book raises for understanding the aesthetics of pictures.
Linking of symbols. 1, Polynesian patterns
The dialectic of ideas
Trade marks and symbols. Vol. 1, Alphabetical designs
During the last twenty years, the category 'grave' has been the subject of increasing debate in Swedish archaeology. It has been recognized that monuments commonly regarded as graves are sometimes also found in cultic contexts other than those associated with death and burial. In many cases, for instance, monuments similar to graves have been erected at cult sites, and seem to have been used in sacrificial practices rather than for burials. According to archaeological, textual and onomastic sources, it was common practice in Old Norse religion to suspend sacrificial victims from trees of from upraised posts, or to deposit offerings at the base of sacred rocks and boulders. In all these cases, the trees, posts and boulders seem to be representation of the World Axis, depicted in cosmological myths as a Cosmic Tree, Pillar or Mountain. I argue that these various representations of the World Axis are also incorporated in the architectonic symbolism of several forms of grave monuments in pre-Christian Scandinavia. The architectonic shape of these monuments could thus be used in several different contexts, since they represented a 'Cosmic Center' and a 'doorway' to the Other World.
Mircea Eliade is, or at least has been, the most heavily crticised scholar of religions. A number of critics have been discontented with his 'uncritical' way of using data to illustrate or assert his insights. It has been said that Eliade's presuppositions about the nature of reality and religion are not scientific but metaphysical or theological. Eliade's sympathisers, on the other hand, have tried to show that he does after all have a method, and that a careful reading demonstrates that either his presuppositions are no more unscientific that those of anyone else or they can be rethought in a scientifically acceptable way. My starting point is both sympathetic and critical. My question is, what is Eliade actually attempting to understand when he states that he wants to understand religion at its own level? He himself states that he wants to unmask the 'revelations' of the sacred, or - as he also says - the transcendent, and their significance for modern man, who has lost his comprehension of both the sacred and its meaning. This he can do, he argues, by recapturing the way in which 'primitive' and 'archaic' cultures and ancient and modern traditions outside mainstream religions have used symbols to establish a patterned, harmonised view of the world, or - as Eliade prefers to say - reality. Both Eliade's critics and his sympathisers presumably agree that Eliade's presuppositions include statements about the 'essence' of religion, about the nature of reality, and about the ways religion operates, or should operate, in human life, or mode-of-being-in-the-world; they also agree that one of Eliade's main concern in religious studies is with symbols. In my article, I deal with these four points (essence, reality, mode-of-being and symbols), proposing a reading of Eliade which emphasises the scholar's encounter with the subject and not the 'essence' of the matter under study. In my conclusion I suggest that studying the ways in which humans use symbols, which they connect with the 'real' to construct a 'mode-of-being' - or, as William Paden put it, a 'world' - is one way of going 'beyond' Eliade.
Emblems and the manuscript tradition : including an edition and studies of a newly discovered manuscript of poetry by Tristan l'Hermite / volume edited by Laurence Grove
The picture book of symbols
Linking of symbols : Polynesian patterns. 2
Design sources for symbolism
Iconic America : a roller-coaster ride through the eye-popping panorama of American pop culture
The Continuum encyclopedia of symbols
The tomb of God : the body of Jesus and the solution to a 2000-year-old mystery
Natural symbols : explorations in cosmology
The rough guide to The lost symbol : an unauthorized guide
Art and Symbols of the Occult
Print's best logos & symbols : 4 : winning designs from Print Magazine's national competition
The new secret language of symbols : an illustrated key to unlocking their deep and hidden meanings
Christianity
Graphical symbols - test methods -: = Symboles graphiques - méthodes d'essai : part 1: methods for testing comprehensibility = partie 1: méthodes de vérification de la comphréhensibilité. 9186-1
"We are the originals" : a study of value in Fiji
Hydrological map symbols : a Nordic IHD standard
Schriften + Zeichen : ein Schriftmusterbuch = Types + symbols : a type specimen book
Undressing the Maid : gender, sexuality and the body in the construction of the Finnish nation
Way of the sign III
How kings are made - how kingship changes : a study of rituals and ritual change in pre-colonial and colonial Owamboland, Namibia
Secrets and practices of the Freemasons : sacred mysteries, rituals and symbols revealed
Heraldry : sources, symbols and meaning
River of ink. [1], Genesis
The black madonna
The story of emoji
The buddhist wheel symbol
Finnish Gothic subculture : Gothic subculture is: "(...) to enjoy the beauty of the moonlight instead of the beauty of the sun" (Mia)
Forms of attachment to a home country: Lithuanians in the USA
The late Iron Age bear-tooth pendants in Finland : symbolic mediators between women, bears, and wilderness?
Reading Japanese signs : deciphering daily life in Japan
1001 symbols : the illustrated key to the world of symbols
Sign, image and symbol
Cultural anthropology : understanding ourselves & others
Signs, symbols and ciphers : decoding the messages / Georges Jean
Gods, demons and symbols of Ancient Mesopotamia : an illustrated dictionary
River of ink. [2], Zenith
The practical application of Pictogram
Graphical symbols - = Symboles graphiques - création et conception des symboles destinés à l'information du public - : creation and design of public information symbols = création et conception des symboles destinés à l'information du public - : requirements = exigences. 22727
From ritual to romance : an account of the Holy Grail from ancient ritual to Christian symbol
Language and reality : the philosophy of language and the principles of symbolism
The Lost symbol : a novel
The book of secrets : esoteric societies and holy orders, luminaries and seers, symbols and rituals, and the key concepts of occult sciences through the ages and around the world
Goth craft : the magical side of dark culture
Ethnic symbols : their roles in maintaining and constructing Finnish American culture
Symbols, signs and visual codes : a practical guide to understanding and decoding the universal icons, signs and symbols that are used in literature, art, religion, astrology, communication, advertising, mythology and science
The dreamer's dictionary for the 21st century
United States naval aviation patches : aircraft carriers, carrier air wings, support establishments
How to read symbols : a crash course in the meaning of symbols in art
Symbolism of the Celtic cross
The dreamcatcher : an A-Z guide to your dreams and what they mean
The dictionary of symbols in Western art
Understanding pictures
International logos and symbols 3.
Graphical symbols : vocabulary = Symboles graphiques : vocabulaire
Zhongguo zaoxing = Chinese forms
Symbolism : its meaning and effect : Barbour-Page lectures, University of Virginia, 1927
The secrets of the lost symbol : unlocking the masonic code
Today's hieroglyphs = Die Hieroglyphen von heute = Hiéroglyphes de notre temps
Vocabularies of public life : empirical essays in symbolic structure
The Buddhist praying-wheel : a collection of material bearing upon the symbolism of the wheel and circular movements in custom and religious ritual
Islamic symbols in European courts
Isotype : design and contexts, 1925-1971
The secret language of art
The girls' book of dreams : your inner self revealed!
A dictionary of marks : metalwork, furniture, ceramics : the identification handbook for antique collectors
In the article I discuss the different functions and meanings of bronze bear-tooth pendants in the Finnish Late Iron Age (800-1150/1300 CE). I first focus on an analysis of the pendants in terms of archaeological methodology: chronology, typology and find context. The second focus on attention, and in this article the most important one, is on the interpretation on these pendants. They are usually interpreted as magical items, amulets. In my opinion this is not the only possible interpretation. I suggest that the pendants can be interpreted as magical or religious, but that their possible protective use as amulets does not exclude other functions, such as a decorative and/or social one. I emphasise the possibility that bear-tooth pendants may be linked to a symbolic form of expression involving the idea of control of the forest and wilderness. Finnish folk tradition and mythology point to a metaphoric and metonymic relationshiop on the one hand between the bear and the wilderness, on the otehr the bear and women. The bronze bear-tooth pendatns - possibly worn only by women - may have carried a symbolic message of control over the wilderness; this control could have been mythology-based and practised by ritual acts; at the same time it could also take the form of concrete acts, such as utilization of the wilderness: a fur-based economy and control over the fur trade.
Symbols of islam
Colors : symbols, history, correlations
Inferno
A legal space for the representation of danger
Dictionary of symbols of mathematical logic
The Buddha
National symbols in multinational states : the Yugoslav case
Lectures on ancient philosophy : an introduction to practical ideas
Signs & symbols : what they mean and how we use them : a fascinating visual examination of how signs and symbols developed as a means of communication throughout history in art, religion, psychology, literature and everyday life
An inherited name as the foundation of a person's identity: How the memory of a dead person lived on in the names of his or her descendants
Nya bildsymboler för många fler = New graphical symbols for many more
The heart : its history, its symbolism, its iconography and its diseases
Communicating with pattern : signs and symbols
The last good man
The green house : a novel
The dictionary of dreams and their meanings
Orlando : a biography
Buzkashi : game and power in Afghanistan
From reality to subject : a sympathetic, yet critical reading of Eliade
Gothic cathedrals : a guide to the history, places, art, and symbolism
Man and his symbols
The snow kimono
Cracking the Bible code : [the real story of the stunning discovery of hidden knowledge in the first five books of the Bible]
Signs & symbols : what they mean and how we use them
The tree of life : Symbol of the centre
Maya color : the painted villages of Mesoamerica
Symbols : public and private
The soul bird
Symposia : journal for studies in ethnology and anthropology. 2004
Symbols of Africa
The complete dictionary of symbols in myth, art and literature
Visual research methods in design
Flowers that kill : communicative opacity in political spaces
United States navy patches : submarines
