http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2017 domestic staff
domestic staff
The downstairs maid
Concepts and patterns of service in the later Middle Ages
Demon diary. Volume 2
"Domestic and caregiving work has been at the core of human existence throughout history. Poorly paid or even unpaid, this work has been assigned to women in most societes and occasionally to men often as enslaved, indentures, 'adopted' workers. Societies and states set the discriminatory rules, those employed develop strategies of resistance or self-protection (Part One). While some use domestic service as training for their own future independent households, others are confined to it for life and try to avoid damage to their identities (Part Two). Employment conditions are even worse in colonizer-colonized dichotomies, in which the subalternized have to run the households of administrators who believe they are running an empire (Part Three). A team of international scholars addresses these issues globally with a deep historical background. Contributors are: Ally Shireen, Eileen Boris, Dana Cooper, Jennifer Fish, David R. Goodman, Mary Gene De Guzman, Jaira Harrington, Victoria Haskins, Dirk Hoerder, Elizabeth Hordge-Freeman, Majda Hrženjak, Elizabeth Hutchison, Dimitris Kalantzopoulos, Bela Kashyap, Marta Kindler, Anna Kordasiewicz, Ms Lokesh, Sabrina Marchetti, Robyn Pariser, Jessica Richter, Magaly Rodríguez García, Raffaella Sarti, Adéla Souralová, Yukari Takai, and Andrew Urban"--Provided by publisher.
China's new underclass : paid domestic labour
Cocktail time
Maid to match
Service and dependency in Shakespeare's plays
The code of the Woosters
Nelly Dean
The jade boy
Infamous lady : the true story of countess Erzsébet Báthory
Serving Victoria : life in the Royal Household
Lady Almina and the real Downton Abbey : the lost legacy of Highclere Castle
"Seruyce is no herytagge"? : Notions of ervanthood in three Late Middle English lyrics: an editoin of National Library of Scotland MS advocates 19.3.1, ff. 91r-92v
Death comes to Pemberley
The Christmas pearl. Carolina girls
Girl with a pearl earring
Netherwood
My cleaner
Away from the Father's House : the social location of na'ar and na'arah in Ancient Israel
Demon Diary. Vol. 4
The bourbon kings
A country maid and her diary : methodological reflections on historical literacy practices
The man in the snow
Death comes to Pemberley : a novel
Concubinage and Servitude in Late Imperial China is a survey of the institutions and practice of concubinage and servitude in both the general populace and the imperial palace in Ming-Qing China, focusing on an examination on political and socioeconomic history through the lives of this particular group of distinct, yet associated, individuals.
The complete Indian housekeeper & cook; giving duties of mistress and servants, the general management of the house and practical recipes for cooking in all its branches
The servant's hand : English fiction from Below
The remains of the day
Dinner is served : a butler's guide to the art of the table
The help
Downton Abbey. The finale
Tally and Squill in a sticky situation
Demon diary. Vol. 3
From family inscriptions to autobiographical novels : motives for writing in grassroots life stories in 19th-century Finland
Demon diary. Vol. 1
Demon diary. 2
Domestic service and the formation of European identity : understanding the globalization of domestic work, 16th-21st centuries
The kitchen maid
Mary Reilly
Downton Abbey. Series six
Household servants in early modern England
Work : changing faces, photography commissions 2006/2007
The grass is singing
Suspicion, rivalry and care : mistresses and maidservants in early modern Stockholm
Demon diary. Vol. 5
Servants : a downstairs view of twentieth-century Britain
Servants of the dynasty : palace women in world history
Deception
Children educating children : young girls as nursemaids in Sweden and Finland, late nineteenth to mid-twentieth century
Longbourn
King's cage
The little stranger
The secret countess
The country house servant
The observations
The Cavendon women
Memoirs of a geisha
Jeeves and the Yuletide Spirit and other Sstories
Servants' social networks and relationships in eighteenth-century Turku and Odense
The Crown and the crucible
With Mare powerless as a prisoner of Maven Calore, the boy she once loved, her rebel Reds continue to organize and train as they prepare for war, while exiled prince Cal sets out to rescue Maven from captivity.
Downton Abbey. [3], Series three
Prince Charmless
Prisoners in the palace : how Princess Victoria became queen with the help of her maid, a reporter, and a scoundrel
The origin of the distinction of ranks, or, An inquiry into the circumstances which give rise to influence and authority, in the different members of society
The goose girl
Stiff upper lip, Jeeves
Domestic labour relations in India : Vulnerability and gendered life courses in Jaipur
All the king's tights
Hateship loveship
Concubinage and servitude in late imperial China
Carry on, Jeeves
From the day she arrives at the Biltmore, Tillie Reese is dazzled - by the riches of the Vanderbilts and by Mack Danvers, a mountain man turned footman. When Tillie is enlisted to help tame Mack's rugged behavior by tutoring him in proper servant etiquette, the resulting sparks threaten Tillie's efforts to be chosen as Edith Vanderbilt's lady's maid. After all, the one rule of the house is no romance below stairs. But the stakes rise even higher when Mack and Tillie become entangled in a cover-up at the town orphanage. They could both lose their jobs ... and their hearts.--Taken from backcover.
Opportunity or compulsion?  : domestic servants in urban communities in the eighteenth century
The miniaturist
Towards a global history of domestic and caregiving workers
Goodbye, Piccadilly : war at home, 1914
The domestic revolution : the modernisation of household service in England and France 1820-1920
Cold days
Jeeves and the yule-tide spirit and other stories
Downton Abbey : a journey to the highlands
Servants : English domestics in the eighteenth century
Ring for Jeeves
The memoirs of Ernest A. Forssgren, Proust's Swedish valet
An appetite for violets
Demon diary. Vol. 7
Longbourn : a novel
Misuse of maidservant's services at Deir el-Medina : (O.CGC 25237, recto)
A year in the life of Downton Abbey
LIFE BELOW STAIRS  : domestic servants in England from Victorian times
Up and down stairs : the history of the country house servant
Demon diary. Vol. 6
