http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20142 Great Proletarian Cultural Revolution
Great Proletarian Cultural Revolution
Under the hawthorn tree
The Penguin history of modern China : the fall and rise of a great power, 1850-2008
Liu Shao-ch'i and the Chinese cultural revolution : the politics of mass criticism
Education and reform in China
Shanghai journal : an eyewitness account of the cultural revolution
The battle for China's past : Mao and the Cultural Revolution
A brief analysis of the cultural revolution
Chinese politics and the Cultural Revolution : dynamics of policy processes
The changing face of China : from Mao to market
China after Mao : with selected documents
Wind in the tower : Mao Tsetung and the Chinese revolution 1949-1975
Collective killings in rural China during the cultural revolution
The great cultural revolution in China
The Chinese revolution in historical perspective
The Eye of Jade : A Novel
The Red Guards' path to violence : political, educational, and psychological factors
New perspectives on the Chinese Communist revolution
Mao's children in the new China : voices from the red guard generation
Revolutionary cycles in Chinese cinema, 1951-1979
Heaven cracks, earth shakes : the Tangshan earthquake and the death of Mao's China
The incarnations
In Heaven cracks, earth shakes, acclaimed historian James Palmer tells the story of 1976, the most tumultuous year in modern Chinese history. The year began with the death of the popular Premier Zhou Enlai, whose passing was widely mourned by the masses-- but this public grief quickly turned to anger when the Gang of Four stifled attempts to mourn Zhou publically. When a massive earthquake struck Tangshan a few months later, the disaster revealed the profound failures of Mao's China. As Tangshan lay in ruins, the central government cared more about ideological struggles than rescuing its own people. The year climaxed with Mao's death, followed in short order by a palace coup, which wrested the reins of power from the Gang of Four and put an end to the Cultural Revolution. -- Jacket, p. [2].
The revolution continues : new art from China
A small town called Hibiscus
Let one hundred flowers bloom
Gang of one : memoirs of a Red Guard
Mao and the Chinese revolution : with thirty-seven poems by Mao Tse-tung
Educated youth and the cultural revolution in China
Sun Yat-sen and the origins of the Chinese revolution
Mao Zedong and China's revolutions : a brief history with documents
The cultural revolution in China
"The violence of Mao's China is well known, but its extreme form is not. In 1967 and 1968, during the Cultural Revolution, collective killings were widespread in rural China in the form of public execution. Victims included women, children, and the elderly. This book is the first to systematically document and analyze these atrocities, drawing data from local archives, government documents, and interviews with survivors in two southern provinces. This book extracts from the Chinese case lessons that challenge the prevailing models of genocide and mass killings and contributes to the historiography of the Cultural Revolution, in which scholarship has mainly focused on events in urban areas"--Provided by publisher.
China : the impact of the Cultural Revolution
Human resource management in China's new economy
China 1966-1976, cultural revolution revisited : can it happen again?
Revolution and Chinese foreign policy : Peking's support for wars of national liberation
Voices from the whirlwind : an oral history of the Chinese Cultural Revolution
Red : China's cultural revolution
The execution of Mayor Yin and other stories from the great proletarian cultural revolution
The origins of the cultural revolution. 1, Contradictions among the people 1956-1957
Rhetoric of the Chinese Cultural Revolution : the impact on Chinese thought, culture, and communication
Red mandarin dress
Two writers and the cultural revolution : Lao She and Chen Jo-hsi
F : Hu Feng's prison years
Red-color news soldier : a chinese photographer's odyssey through the cultural revolution
China's cultural revolution
Chinese politics and the succession to Mao
Ten years of madness : oral histories of China's Cultural Revolution
Zhou Enlai : the last perfect revolutionary : a biography
Culture & history in postrevolutionary China : the perspective of global modernity
The city in communist China
The Chinese cultural revolution : selected documents
Mao and China : from revolution to revolution
The politics of China : sixty years of the People's Republic of China
Factional and coalition politics in China : the cultural revolution and its aftermath
The king of trees
Deng Xiaoping and the cultural revolution : a daughter recalls the critical years
Peking : a novel of China's revolution, 1921-1978
The Cultural Revolution in the Foreign Ministry of China
"China's Great Proletarian Cultural Revolution was launched by the Chinese Communist Party in May 1966 and it ended with the death of Mao in 1976. The ten years of upheaval can now be seen as a great tragedy, which has been acknowledged within China itself as a 'cultural desert' in the nation's intellectual history. The scale of the human cost is unknown. The extent of the physical loss of the national heritage was huge. However, as a mass movement in which an unparalleled visual experience was imposed on and executed by the population of eight hundred million people, there is no historical precedent. The art of the revolution eliminated any distinction between artists and the masses. The method was propagandist. The result was the glorification of the great leader, whose beneficent rays symbolically nourished the nation. The language of the revolution and its art was red." --Publisher's description.
Mao : a very short introduction
China: a wolf in the world?
In the red : on contemporary Chinese culture
Modernization and revolution in China
Picturing power in the People's Republic of China : posters of the Cultural Revolution
The gourmet : and other selected writings
The Chinese cultural revolution
Enemies of the people
The origins of the cultural revolution. 2, The great leap forward 1958-1960
Chinese fiction of the Cultural Revolution
Mao cult : rhetoric and ritual in China's Cultural Revolution
China : a wolf in the world
"Thirty years ago, China was emerging from one of the most traumatic periods in its history. The Chinese people had been ravaged by long years of domestic struggle, terrible famine and economic and political isolation. Today, China has the world's second largest economy and is a major player in global diplomacy. This volume, written by some of the leading experts in the field, tracks China's extraordinary transformation from the establishment of the People's Republic of China in 1949, through the Great Leap Forward, the Cultural Revolution, and the death of Chairman Mao, to its dynamic rise as a superpower in the twenty-first century. The latest edition of the book includes a new introduction and a seventh chapter which focuses on the legacy of Deng Xiaoping, the godfather of China's transformation, under his successors Jiang Zemin and Hu Jintao. Under Mao, China challenged the outside world ideologically and militarily. Today China's challenge as an economic and diplomatic superpower may prove even more formidable. As a comprehensive and authoritative appraisal of China's last sixty years, this book will be invaluable for professionals working in the region and for students assessing what China will mean for their futures" -- Publisher's description.
A land of wonder and mystery : and other selected writings
After the Nightmare
Modernization and revolution in China : from the Opium Wars to world power
Hundred day war : the cultural revolution at Tsinghua University
The Chinese road to socialism : economics of the Cultural Revolution
Banished!
A comprehensive history of how the conflicts and balances of power in the Maoist revolutionary campaigns from 1951 to 1979 complicated and diversified the meanings of films, this book offers a discursive study of the development of early PRC cinema. Wang closely investigates how film artists, Communist Party authorities, cultural bureaucrats, critics, and audiences negotiated, competed, and struggled with each other for the power to decide how to use films and how their extensively different, agonistic, and antagonistic power strategies created an ever-changing discursive network of meaning in cinema.
Daughter of the river
The cultural revolution in China : its origins and course up to August 1967.
The ancient ship
Mao's revolution and the Chinese political culture
The Chinese cultural revolution as history
China : the revolution continued
The Chinese Communist party and the Cultural Revolution : the case of the sixty-one renegades
On the Cultural Revolution in Tibet : the Nyemo Incident of 1969
The Cultural revolution : 1967 in review : four essays
The Chinese cultural revolution reconsidered : beyond purge and holocaust
Living in China
China's great proletarian Cultural Revolution : master narratives and post-Mao counternarratives
Born red : a chronicle of the cultural revolution
Art in turmoil : the Chinese Cultural Revolution, 1966-76
