http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2011 information society
information society
Information worlds : social context, technology and information behavior in the age of the Internet
Communities in cyberspace
e-parenting : Keeping up with your tech-savvy kids
Management information systems for the information age
Education in the information age
Seeking a cut in the infoglut
Towards culture-oriented information society
Information Technology, Globalization and Social Development
The Finnish turn from a "resource-based" economy to a "knowlege-based" economy
Society online : the Internet in context
Software shock : the danger & the opportunity
Philosophical and cultural interpretations of Russian modernisation
Information society studies
Telecity : information technology and its impact on city form
Philosophy of the information society : proceedings of the 30. International Ludwig Wittgenstein Symposium, Kirchberg am Wechsel, Austria 2007.. v. 2
The wealth of information : a profile of the post-industrial economy
Facing the challenge of risk and vulnerability in an information society : proceedings of the IFIP WG9.2 Working Conference on Facing the Challenge of Risk and Vulnerability in an Information Society, Namur, Belgium, 20-22 May, 1993
Dot cloud : the 21st century business platform
Enhancing the usability and availability of information infrastructure essential for securing the vital functions of society : final report
G7 Ministerial Conference on the Global Information Society : round-table meeting of business leaders : Brussels, 25 and 26 February 1995
Protection of minors and human dignity in the information society: EU and US perspectives
Turbulent knowledge society requires speed and creativity
Teoriâ èvolûcii razuma kak konversii intellekta organičeskogo nositelâ v neorganičeskuû myslâŝuû materiû = Theory of the intellectual evolution as a conversion of the organic intellect-carriers in inorganic sentient matter = Evolutionstheorie der Vernunft als Konversion des Intellekts eines organischen Trägers in anorganische denkfähige Materie
Postmodernity and mobile communications
Intelligent spaces : architecture for the information age
The glass cage : who needs humans anyway?
Knowledge, space, economy
People attach commonly approved social values subjectively to landscape. These values vary spatially and can be studied in geographical context. In sustainable management of cultural landscapes, social values should be taken into account as professionally as the analysis of physical landscape features. This case study applies participatory and GIS techniques in the mapping and geographical analysis of social landscape values in a multifunctional cultural landscape in Zanzibar island, Tanzania. Social landscape data were collected with single-informant interviews using participatory GIS (PGIS) techniques. Four different social landscape values (subsistence, traditional, aesthetic and leisure) were mapped on an orthophotoimage individually by 149 informants. Data were spatially and statistically analysed to construct understanding of the community level patterns of the social landscape values. Results show geographical differences between individually and collectively held values in their distribution and clustering across the landscape. These patterns reflect local culture and its interpretation of different social landscape values. Results address the importance of local stakeholder participation when spatial planning and management of multifunctional cultural landscapes are realized. The paper discusses these management implication and methodological challenges of using participatory GIS techniques in studying cultural landscapes.
A major new manifesto for a high-tech future free from work  Neoliberalism isn't working. Austerity is forcing millions into poverty and many more into precarious work, while the left remains trapped in stagnant political practices that offer no respite.  Inventing the Future is a bold new manifesto for life after capitalism. Against the confused understanding of our high-tech world by both the right and the left, this book claims that the emancipatory and future-oriented possibilities of our society can be reclaimed. Instead of running from a complex future, Nick Srnicek and Alex Williams demand a postcapitalist economy capable of advancing standards, liberating humanity from work and developing technologies that expand our freedoms.
Article 27 of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights and Internet : a study evaluating role of prosumers, authors and corporations in the information society
Approaches to openness
Change and continuity
Use of information and communications technology
Geographical information systems and science
Future perfect : the case for progress in a networked age
Regional profile of the information society in Western Asia
Knowledge societies
Technology's crucible : an exploration of the explosive impact of technology on society during the next four decades
The new realities : in government and politics, in economics and business, in society and in world view
Questioning the Finnish model - forms of public engagement in building the Finnish information society
Smarter than you think :  how technology is changing our minds for the better
Now we have a basis for a library strategy in Europe
Rough justice or zero tolerance : reassessing the nature of copyright in light of collective licenseing (part 1)
Towards a sustainable information society : report of the conference on 21-22 February 2000
Supporting careers guidance in the information society : a review of the use of computer-assisted guidance and the Internet in Europe
Information, development and social intelligence
Who knows : information in the age of the Fortune 500
Future telecommunications : information applications, services & infrastructure
The seventh sense : power, fortune, and survival in the age of networks
The intelligent manager : adding value in the information age
India and the knowledge economy : leveraging strengths and opportunities
Ready for the digital world? : "I have seen the future and it works," declares Nicholas Negroponte, the director of MIT's Media Laboratory, in his latest book 'Being Digital'
Life after politics : new thinking for the twenty-first century
EBRF 2010 : conference proceedings
Nexus analysis : discourse and the emerging internet
Enabling openness : the future of the information society in Latin America and the Caribbean
The concept of the network society : post-ontological reflections
Cyberspace : the human dimension
The information society : a retrospective view
Discovering the core logic and purpose of enterprise architecture as a holistic approach to business execution
Final document for the project Steps Towards an Improvement of the Participation of Deaf Persons in the Information Society
ICT cluster study Helsinki region
Critical education in the new information age
Competitiveness and urban economic development policy in information society
ICT and curriculum change
Information society and civil society : contemporary perspectives on the changing world order
Going global : the challenges for knowledge-based economies
The Digital Age is as transformative as the Industrial Revolution and Joshua Cooper Ramo explains how to survive. He is a policy expert who has advised the most powerful nations and corporations, says yes; if people are ready to ride the disruption. Drawing on examples from business, science, and politics, Ramo illuminates people's transformative world. Start by imagining a near future when America's greatest power is not its military or its economy, but its control of the Internet.
The organized mind : thinking straight in the age of information overload
Regulating secure software development : analysing the potential regulatory solutions for the lack of security in software
Democracy, lifelong learning and the learning society : active citizenship in a late modern age
The information society and the use of sustainable development indicators
Information markets : a strategic guideline for the i-commerce
The current barriers for older people in accessing the information society : first project report
Information technology incidents in the present information society:viewpoints of service providers, users, and the mass media
How to create the school of the future : revolutionary thinking and design from Finland
Lost in the knowledge society? : a knowledge society strategy for Southwest Finland
Hannah Arendt : practice, thought and judgement
New media, old news : journalism & democracy in the digital age
International Northern eDimension Forum in Pori 11-12 November : final report
The People's right to know : media, democracy, and the information highway
Communication capability
The case of the GSM standard for mobile telecommunication : shaping technology as a means of transforming society
Wirelessness : radical empiricism in network cultures
The great fragmentation and why the future of business is small
Information society and modern business : selected proceedings of international scientific conference, January 31 - February 1, 2003, Ventspils University College
Handling information overload in a week
Handbook on the knowledge economy
The world as information : overload and personal design
Information services today : an introduction
National policies that connect ICT-based education reform to economic and social development
Learning and training for work in the knowledge society : fourth item on the agenda
Session : Exclusion and the information society : Information for some : Exclusion for others?
Realization of network neutrality in the information society code in user-internet service provider relation
Cyberspace and the informed rationality of law
In search for a Russian knowledge worker
Expertise through projects
Libraries - an important part of the developing information society : a greeting to the international community of librarians
After the future
The anarchist in the library : how the clash between freedom and control is hacking the real world and crashing the system
The information society - a challenge for education policies? : five case studies: Denmark, France, Italy, Spain, Turkey : Standing Conference of European Ministers of Education, sixteenth session, Istanbul, 11-12 October 1989.
The emperor's clothes
The Cambridge handbook of information and computer ethics
The Comission shapes the Internet : a study of the European Comission's proposals for directives and their impact on Internet rights and Internet governance in the European Union
Towards a knowledge-based Europe : the European Union and the information society
This article touches issues related to the transformation of the traditional legal services in an information society service day. It indicates the reason for these changes and their directions, so that the lawyers functioning yet have a chance to stop for a dynamically changing market by implementing the optimal functioning of their office information technology and solutions in the field of so-called legal informatics..
Towards a global information society : global information infrastructure, global information society : policy requirements
Book 2010 : development trends in the book trade - summary
Sustainable flexibility : a prospective study on work, family and society in the information age
Tools for thought : what is new and important about the "E-economy"
The information society and the welfare state : the Finnish model
After the Future explores our century-long obsession with the concept of "the future." Beginning with F. T. Marinetti's "Futurist Manifesto" and the worldwide race toward a new and highly mechanized society that defined the "Century of Progress," highly respected media activist Franco Berardi traces the genesis of future-oriented thought through the punk movement of the early '70s and into the media revolution of the '90s. Cyberculture, the last truly utopian vision of the future, has ended in a clash, and left behind an ever-growing system of virtual life and actual death, of virtual knowledge and actual war. Our future, Berardi argues, has come and gone; the concept has lost its usefulness. Now it's our responsibility to decide what comes next. Drawing on his own involvement with the Autonomia movement in Italy and his collaboration and friendship with leading thinkers of the European political left, including Félix Guattari and Antonio Negri, Berardi presents a highly nuanced analysis of the state of the contemporary working class, and charts a course out of the modern dystopian moment. Franco Berardi, better known in the United States as "Bifo", is an Italian autonomist philosopher and media activist. One of the founders of the notorious Radio Alice, a pirate radio station that became the voice of the autonomous youth movement of Bologna in the late 1970s, Bifo is the author of multiple works of theory, including the recently published The Soul at Work and "The Post-Futurist Manifesto".
Metacapitalism : the e-business revolution and the design of 21st-century companies and markets
The cult of information : the folklore of computers and the true art of thinking
Executive summary.
China in the information age : telecommunications and the dilemmas of reform
Restructuration and socio-spatial research
Metaphors of the information society and the new technology : a semiotic point of view on the pictorial representations of school-age children
The culture and power of knowledge : inquiries into contemporary societies
The role of the NSIs as a discussant in the information society
Knowledge management as a learning challenge
Cybernetics--the science of communication and control as it applies to machines and to humans--originates from efforts during World War II to build automatic anti-aircraft systems. Following the war, this science extended beyond military needs to examine all systems that rely on information and feedback, from the level of the cell to that of society. In The Cybernetics Moment, Ronald R. Kline, a senior historian of technology, examines the intellectual and cultural history of cybernetics and information theory, whose language of "information," "feedback," and "control" transformed the idiom of the sciences, hastened the development of information technologies, and laid the conceptual foundation for what we now call the Information Age. Kline argues that, for about twenty years after 1950, the growth of cybernetics and information theory and ever-more-powerful computers produced a utopian information narrative--an enthusiasm for information science that influenced natural scientists, social scientists, engineers, humanists, policymakers, public intellectuals, and journalists, all of whom struggled to come to grips with new relationships between humans and intelligent machines. Kline traces the relationship between the invention of computers and communication systems and the rise, decline, and transformation of cybernetics by analyzing the lives and work of such notables as Norbert Wiener, Claude Shannon, Warren McCulloch, Margaret Mead, Gregory Bateson, and Herbert Simon. Ultimately, he reveals the crucial role played by the cybernetics moment--when cybernetics and information theory were seen as universal sciences--in setting the stage for our current preoccupation with information technologies."--Publisher's description.
Russia's path towards on information society : Internatum Symposium '01, University of Helsinki, 17. May, 2001.
Sustainability indicators for the knowledge-based society : measuring the sustainability of the information society
Towards an advanced information society in Japan : a preliminary study of sociocultural and technological driving forces
Proceedings of the International Conferences on ICT, Society and Human Beings 2015, Web Based Communities and Social Media 2015 and Connected Smart Cities 2015 : Las Palmas de Gran Canaria, Spain : July 21-23, 2015
Blown to bits : your life, liberty, and happiness after the digital explosion
EBRF 2011 : conference proceedings
Information technologies and social orders
Benedict : benchmarking European development cooperation (via) ICT
International encyclopedia of the social & behavioral sciences
The hacker ethic and the spirit of the information age
Public libraries and the information society
Limits of knowledge society : anthropology and cultural studies. (2), Ethics, social and political philosophy : proceedings of the International Conference, Iași, 6-9 October 2010, Iași-Romania
Computers in the information society
"Information Markets is a compendium of the i-commerce, the commerce with digital information, content as well as software. Information Markets is a comprehensive overview of the state of the art of economic and information science endeavors on the markets of digital information. It provides a strategic guideline for information providers how to analyse their market environment and how to develop possible strategic actions, also with regard to the persistent problem on piracy. The authors discuss problems of information sociology, information law and information ethics. They present a review of all digital information products, including business, market and press information, legal information, science information, search engines, Web 2.0 services, online music, internet TV, digital games, software and online advertising. It is a book for information professionals, both for students of LIS (Library and Information Science), CIS (Computer and Information Science) or Information Management curricula and for practitioners as well as managers in these fields."
The Emocode
Re-articulating information society discourse(s) : a cultural studies approach to postcolonial locale(s)
Post-industrial lives : roles and relationships in the 21st century
Knowledge management methodology : an empirical approach in core sectors in ESCWA member countries
The cyber effect : a pioneering cyberpsychologist explains how human behavior changes online
Identity theft for dummies
The new digital age : reshaping the future of people, nations and business
A renewing, human-centeric and competitive Finland : the National Knowledge Society Strategy 2007-2015
The modern lawyer and his role in the era of the information society and its services
The reconstruction of social meaning in the space of flows
Development of the internet in the Gambia : the case of Nokunda
Limits of knowledge society : epistemology and philosophy of sciences & economy
White paper on education and training : teaching and learning : towards the learning society
INFORMATION SOCIETY OF VIETNAM: CURRENT STATE AND PERSPECTIVE
Understanding computers : today and tomorrow
Negative aspects of the information society were first noticed in early 90's, with the dawning of the Internet era. The article gives an overview of European initiatives undertaken and European courts' judgments delivered over the last two decades, contrasting them with eminent U.S. Supreme Court decisions. According to the author, predominance of soft law, case law and self-regulation does not in itself impede protection, given that all stakeholders act with the intention to effectively monitor and eradicate threats..
From the dimensions of ICT towards surveillance society : Echelon; a global electronic panopticon or promoting security
Finland's way to the information society : the national strategy
The knowledge society
The national Finnish libraries information technology scenario 1997-2006
Finland : a knowledge-based society
The information society and peripheral regions : a case study of the Nokis Programme in North Karelia
Towards the wireless information society. 1, Systems, services, and applications
Alone together : why we expect more from technology and less from each other
Human Technology will move to a new physical location in January 2017—the Open Science Center of the University of Jyväskylä, due to university restructuring—yet the University remains the ultimate publisher. For Human Technology, change is inherent; indeed this is reflected in the research published in each issue. The present issue comprises five articles that demonstrate the ongoing integration of technology in most aspects of human living.
The essence of the information society has been under a considerable debate during the last decade. The argumentation concerns the critique of technological determinism and the recognition of political, economic, social and cultural factors that underlie the development. In academic discourse, there has been a noticeable change from engineering based rhetoric towards more humanistic themes and a more qualitative way of speaking about the issue. Also geographical dimensions, mainly related to the urban research and applied urban planning, have emerged. In this paper the essence of the information society is analysed from a perspective of human and cultural geography. The concept of information society is being treated as a subjective construction and it can be conceptualised as a triad. Firstly, it is a tool as such, and the reference is on material symbols representing the tech-sphere of today. This includes actual devices such as computers and mobile telephones and their integrated applications. Secondly, the information society is a set of practices. This refers to everyday routines that are rarely questioned or critically explored. The most common examples of this are e-banking and e-shopping. Finally, the information society is an experience. This theme is characterised by subjective histories, individual contexts and cultural backgrounds. All these dimensions have implications on environment and social conditions of human life. This framework is being used as a tool to evaluate empirical data based on extensive survey conducted in Finland in the year 2001. The sample size was 2750 questionnaires of which 1176 were received back.
Towards a sociology of the mobile phone
Challenges of the Information Society to Entrepreneurial and Technology Education  in the Finnish Comprehensive School
Teletechnologies, place and community
Resource productivity in the information age
Information society, citizens and everyday life: does the Internet make a difference in spatial practices?
Now for then : how to face digital future without fear
Social Sciences for Knowledge and Decision Making : Information Society
The triple helix : university-industry-government innovation in action
Globalisation, lifelong learning and the learning society : sociological perspectives
The nature of the workplace for knowledge creation
The rise of the network society
Education for the information society - the state of the art : results of the national education ICT assessment project
The cybernetics moment : or why we call our age the information age
Man (dis)connected : how the digital age is changing young men forever
From one of the world's leading experts in cyberpsychology--a discipline that combines psychology, forensics, and technology--comes a groundbreaking exploration of the impact of technology on human behavior. In the first book of its kind, Mary Aiken applies her expertise in cyber-behavioral analysis to a range of subjects, including criminal activity on the Deep Web and Darknet; deviant behavior; Internet addictions; the impact of technology on the developing child; teenagers and the Web; cyber-romance and cyber-friendships; cyberchondria; the future of artificial intelligence; and the positive effects on our digital selves, such as online altruism.
New knowledge for new development = Novi znaenja za nov razvoj : international conference 7 October 2013
Finland as a knowledge economy : elements of success and lessons learned : overview
iDisorder : understanding our obsession with technology and overcoming its hold on us
The world is flat : a brief history of the twenty-first century
The information society
The knowledge economy : the nature of information in the 21 st century : annual review of the Institute for Information Studies 1993-1994
Journalism in the age of the net : changing society, changing profession
The national library as a pioneer of the information society
Social implications and challenges of e-business
Towards the wireless information society. 2, Heterogeneous networks
Information technology incidents in the present information society : viewpoints of service providers, users, and the mass media
Work and employment in the information society : results of the project AC222, Diplomat: "The European Charter for Telework"
The ideology of the information age
Employment and growth in the knowledge-based economy
Living with the media : analysing talk about information and communication technology
Final document for the project Steps Towards an Improvement of the Participation of Deaf Persons in the Information Society : Supplement: Presentation of the Klagenfurt Workshop
Are we trendy?
Studies on inequalities in information society : proceedings of the conference Well-Being in the information society : WIS 2012, August 22-24, Turku, Finland
Mobile technology, gender and development in  Africa, India and Bangladesh
The European information society : a reality check
Librarianship in the information age : proceedings : the 13th BOBCATSSS Symposium, 31 January - 2 February 2005 in Budapest, Hungary
Participatory mapping and geographical patterns of the social landscape values of rural communities in Zanzibar, Tanzania
Inventing the future : postcapitalism and a world without work
The coming information age : an overview of technology, economics, and politics
Reveals how automation is affecting our ability to solve problems, forge memories and acquire skills. This book shows how the most important decisions of our lives are now being made by machines and the radical effect this is having on our ability to learn. It argues that we must rethink its role in our lives.
Understanding information policy : proceedings of a workshop held at Cumberland Lodge, Windsor Great Park, 22-24 July 1996
Artificial knowing : gender and the thinking machine
Who owns the future?
The master algorithm : how the quest for the ultimate learning machine will remake our world
Living and working in the information society : people first : Green paper : document drawn up on the basis of COM(96) 389 final
Development communication policy and economic fundamentalism in Ghana
The ecology of attention
Information, identity and the city
Mobilizing the information society : strategies for growth and opportunity
Implementing e-government : report of the regional workshop, Bangkok, 31 May-4 June 2004
Speech in the future and the future of speech
