http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20169 intranet
intranet
Making search work : implementing web, intranet and enterprise search
Abstract: Project management of developing GHRIS based on MS SharePoint 2007.
Use of AAPO Social Workspace in a project-based work environment : a case study of an advertising agency
Enterprise search : enhancing business performance
Effective social intranet : case: Mobile Routing business unit, Tellabs
Creating an interactive system using Matlab web server
Administration of securid users in Luvata virtual private network
Microsoft(R) SharePoint(R) 2013 : steb by step
Designing a security intranet for company X
Active server pages
Success factors of intranets and portals
Essential SharePoint 2010 : overview, governance, and planning
Principles of information systems : a managerial approach
Intra- and Internet interfaces for Ilona -theatre database
Search analytics for your site : conversations with your customers
Cultural challenges in intranet concept development : case UPM-Kymmene Oyj IT & e-Business
On providing reliable and economical intranet connectivity
Changes in the way work is conducted nowadays have changed significantly in the last years. Digitalisation, disruptions in workflows and challenges in communication have led to an unprecedented situation that requires people to be active on multiple channels to stay up to date on information. New social technologies have emerged in response to the changing work environment and working methods. The objective of this thesis was to study if there are any benefits or advantages in using a digital workspace service, AAPO Social Workspace, in a project-based work environment in the Commissioner organisation, Avalon Oy. This thesis aims to answer those questions in order for to gain researched data, and to further develop the service. The theoretical framework concerns the fundamentals of Web 2.0, digital workspaces and project management in general. This information provides the reader with an understanding of what the main functionalities in Web 2.0 are, and an understanding of project management and some of the aspects that need to be taken into consideration. Research data was collected through a survey that was conducted in the Commissioner organisation. The results suggest that using the service is of value and holds various benefits and advantages for the employees, including centralized communications, improved communality and ease of use. Moreover, key findings illustrate that the service is of value to project managers as well in managing project teams and clients. In conclusion, this study presents the reader with an introduction to project management, an overview of Web 2.0 and its applications, and the service and its features. The results are presented in a concise way, illustrating the use of the service in the Commissioner organisation. In-depth analysis and conclusions based on the results are provided for the reader. This study may be used as a basis for further studies on the subject.
SharePoint 2010 workflows in action
Managing your e-commerce business
Business data networks and telecommunications
Practical SharePoint 2010 branding and customization
VPN an IPsec : performance of SmoothWall and VPN
Analyzing the users needs for corporate portal : "case of a Finnish multinational"
Network security in a mixed environment
Provides information on using SharePoint 2010, discussing such topics as organizing and managing information, working with documents, using SharePoint with Office 2010, collaborating with blogs, maintaining security, using personal sites and social networking, and searching for information.
SharePoint user's guide
Professional SharePoint® 2010 administration
The ascent of international business communication
Online Information 98 : 22nd International Online Information Meeting, proceedings, London 8-10 December 1998
Secure PHP development: building 50 practical applications
Looking into intranets and the Internet : advice for managers
Essential SharePoint 2007
Designing Intranet : case: a team intranet project
The Intranet : an Effective Communication medium, for internal communication in organizations anno 1998?
Usability study of an Intranet
Knowledge Management in ICT department : Case: Nokian Tyres plc
Microsoft SharePoint 2013 app development
IT Statler : operative tool built on SharePoint/MOSS 2007
Unraveling reflections of an organization
Internal communications : a specially commissioned report
Cisco secure virtual private networks
Building a course-delivered system based on web
Computer networking
Microsoft SharePoint foundation 2010: step by step
The aim of this thesis was to study SKS Group Oy's intranet as a channel of organisational communication. Another purpose was to study how employees of this organisation regard their own recently-developed intranet, SKS Info. This was carried out in autumn 2006 and now, after some time has passed, research of some sort proved to be necessary in order to find out whether this new intranet really does serve all parties equally or whether some changes still need to be made. Intranets have gained a tremendous foothold in today's organisations. At their best they can be efficient and fast tools that support employees in their daily routines. An intranet is undeniably one of the most used tools for internal communication within an organisation. For the same reason it also strongly competes with other vital channels of internal communication such as email or face-to-face communication. No matter how modern and accessible an intranet might be, it also has its downsides. In this thesis I am hoping to observe this fact objectively, taking into consideration both the advantages and the disadvantages of the intranet as a communication channel. In order for this thesis to be of value to the organisation in question, I examined its intranet as a tool for internal communication from SKS's point of view. Its personnel is somewhat spread out geographically; this is something that needs to be taken into account when deciding all the elements its intranet should have. The empirical data concentrates on a questionnaire distributed in summer 2007; conclusions are based on the situation at that time. I am hoping this thesis will not only correspond to the opinions of SKS employees but that its results and conclusions will give some ideas on how to help transform SKS's intranet, SKS Info, into a straightforward and valuable tool that will help employees both reach their goals and strive for better results.
Microsoft SharePoint 2007 development unleashed
Microsoft Internet information server resource kit
SharePoint 2010 development with Visual Studio 2010
Networking for dummies
Intranet as groupware
Cyberstrategy : business strategy for extranets, intranets and the internet
Evaluation of the digital corporate communications at Airbus Group with the help of Key Performance Indicators and Analytics Tools
Microsoft SharePoint 2010 : building solutions for SharePoint 2010
Developing internal communication at Salon Seudun Puhelin Oy
Intranets : a guide to their design, implementation and management
This study is a research work that focuses on Small and Medium sized Enterprises that are considering  implementing an Intranet system. The primary objective is to illuminate an intranet solution for  ChaguaIT.  Based on the assumption that the subscriber is new to intranet use, an introductory chapter on Intranet is explained, therefore providing a base platform for the reader to have a clear understanding on the importance of intranet use in today's business processes. The study discusses the various solutions free and commercial with intent of recommending the most suitable for ChaguaIT.  It further examines the case where by it evaluates the needs of the subscriber and correlate with the  readily available solutions. By so doing it recommends a course of action to meet the company demands. A trial version of the ideal solution was put to test and feedback collected through questionnaire was analyzed. The result of the study clearly showed that SME's could now reap the benefits formally realized only by large big spending corporations. This is as a result of the availability  and technological breakthroughs that have allowed for credible in-expensive solutions.
Computer networking and the Internet
Microsoft Sharepoint 2010 : administrator's companion
Professional SharePoint(R) 2007 development
Internet and intranet security
The objective of this research was to complete an auditing research on employee satisfaction of the Sisäpiha intranet as a channel of internal communication among the personnel of the Ministry of Education. The results of this research were to provide background information for intranet reform at the Ministry of Education that will take place in 2008. The goal of this reform is to make Sisäpiha intranet more user-friendly. Research on the entire internal communication situation of the Ministry of Education was conducted by Viestintä Oy Intercom in 2003. Satisfaction regarding Sisäpiha was one part of this research. The results of previous research on it were compared with the results of this research in order to see how the overall level of satisfaction regarding the intranet has evolved. The research problem was threefold, and consisted of the following questions: 1. How satisfied are employees with Sisäpiha as a channel of internal communication? 2. How could Sisäpiha be improved in order to serve its users better? 3. How has satisfaction regarding Sisäpiha changed since earlier research was carried out?    Both quantitative and qualitative research methods were used in the empirical part of this research. An electronic questionnaire was created, which contained both closed and open questions. The entire personnel of the Ministry of Education, 365 persons in February 2007, performed the research group. A total of 95 people answered the questionnaire, yielding a response rate of 26%. The answers to the closed questions were analyzed statistically and the answers to the open questions were analyzed by using the content analysis method.     According to the results Sisäpiha was widely used among personnel and it was considered as an important channel of internal communication. It was ranked as the fourth most important internal communication channel and the most important written internal communication channel. The respondents considered Sisäpiha primarily to be a tool and a means of information storage. However, 70% of the respondents thought that Sisäpiha could also be utilized for internal discussion. The downsides of the current Sisäpiha were its somewhat illogical information architecture and long link paths, which made information retrieval more difficult. Furthermore, the search engine did not provide accurate enough results and the pages often contained information that was out of date. When compared to the results of earlier research the usage of and satisfaction with Sisäpiha have both increased. However, the same shortcomings that emerged from previous research were still shown to exist to some degree in this research. These shortcomings still need to be overcome in order to make Sisäpiha more efficient.
Introducing intranets
Implementing an Intranet for an SME : Case study: Chagua IT
Microsoft SharePoint 2016 step by step
Change management when moving from traditional intranet to information workplace : case Company X.
MCTS : Microsoft Office Sharepoint Server 2007 configuration study guide (70-630)
"This practical book delves into new cloud computing technologies and indicates the main challenges for their development in the future, especially for resource management problems. By systematizing cloud resource management problems, it helps knowledgeable readers who are not subject matter experts in a topic but want to have an in-depth analysis. It provides a parallel programming model, MapReduce, to parallelize multidimensional analytical query processing. The text includes how to master the fundamental concepts and programming models and apply them successfully to reach objectives. The authors discuss how to maximize the value of existing scheduling algorithms from a theoretical point of view"--Provided by publisher.
How to do everything : Microsoft SharePoint 2013
One step closer to a successful distributed agile delivery in Tieto : case Tieto new Intranet development
Communities in the digital age : towards a theoretical model of communities of practice and information technology
Doing business on the internet : opportunities and pitfalls
SharePoint 2010 development for dummies
Designing the new intranet
User study of M-real IT Intranet
Intranet security from organizational point of view
Designing web usability : [the practice of simplicity]
Seamless teamwork : using Microsoft SharePoint technologies to collaborate, innovate, and drive business in new ways
Web-based handling of the market guideline document
Developing Intranet applications with Java [sub]TM
Emerging multimedia computer communication technologies
Groupware : collaborative strategies for corporate LANs and intranets
Beginning SharePoint 2013 development
Sams teach yourself SharePoint foundation 2010 in 24 hours
Use of AAPO Social Workspace in a project-based work environment : A Case Study of an advertising agency
Supporting Microsoft Windows NT server in the enterprise
Beginning SharePoint 2007 administration : Windows SharePoint Services 3.0 and Microsoft Office SharePoint Server 2007
Microsoft SharePoint : building Office 2003 solutions
e-HR : using intranets to improve the effectiveness of your people
Microsoft Windows SharePoint services 3.0 step-by-step
Deploying an Intranet groupware at a global organisation : deploying Lotus QuickPlace at the UPM-Kymmene corporation, printing papers division
Tellus : attempt to improve communication within Metsä Tissue
Beginning Sharepoint 2007 : building team solutions with MOSS 2007
Microsoft Office Sharepoint Server 2007 : best practices
Inside Microsoft Windows SharePoint services 3.0
Cloud computing : data-intensive computing and scheduling
The development of the Intranet at SKS Group Oy
Professional SharePoint 2010 cloud based solutions
Pro SharePoint 2010 search / Josh Noble, Robert Piddocke, Dan Bakmand-Mikalski
Is your organization rapidly accumulating more information than you know how to manage? This updated edition of Enterprise Search helps you create an enterprise search solution based on more than just technology. Author Martin White shows you how to plan and implement a managed search environment that meets the needs of your business and your employees. You'll learn why it's absolutely vital to have a dedicated staff manage your search technology and support your users. New material for this second edition includes material on SharePoint 2013 search, managing open source search development, website search, designing the search user, and assessing search performance. Chapters now include a Further Reading section for computer science and information science students.
Migrating to the intranet and Microsoft exchange
Online Information 97 : 21st International Online Information Meeting, proceedings, London 9 - 11 December 1997
Internet-, intranet- and multimedia applications in automation : collected papers of the spring 1998 postgraduate seminar
Liferay portal 6 enterprise intranets : build and maintain impressive corporate intranets with Liferay
Internal social media : using social media as a communication tool in the workplace
Intranet and active DSS : instruments for corporate success
Microsoft SharePoint 2010 business intelligence unleashed
An application framework for controlling NT processes using WWW-technology
Microsoft sharepoint server 2010 bible
A practical guide to SharePoint 2013
The intranet management handbook
The present thesis analyses which of the established ATs and KPIs could be used to evaluate the digital communication in the corporate intranet of Airbus Group. The exhaustive examination of the HUB intranet shows that there is already some basic data available. Nevertheless this data is not detailed enough and should be released more frequently to the communications experts. A quick poll survey in the intranet showed that for these experts it is essential to receive more details about the engagement of the visitors. Therefor a combination of Pageviews, Shares, Ratings, Comments and Time Spent Reading a News would give a sufficient overview about the usage of the content. Those figures could be supplemented with the Bounce Rate, Crawling Mistakes and Followers in order to gain a deeper understanding of the visiting employees. When coming to the selection of the tool it is reasonable to choose one which is well known by many of the communications experts like Google Analytics and Piwik. It is also recommended to give certain people in the team their own accounts, what gives them the possibility to create their own reports for specific topics.
Improving Walking beam furnace 1 reporting
The study set out to review how distributed agile project was implemented in department of  Digital Transformation & Consulting in Tieto. A distributed agile project - Tieto's New Intranet  Development was studied. Tieto new Intranet was launched in November 2009. The  project exceeded original budget, and delayed for half a year. Importance of seeking why and  how the project was challenged is valuable for Tieto project business in a global environment.  Recommendations for future improvement on distributed agile delivery are fruitful part of  research.  The theoretical framework was based on literature review on agile software development and  agile project management. The research method adopts mixed qualitative and quantitative  approach. Data was collected through semi-structured interviews and project documentation.  Eleven interviewees representing stakeholders were interviewed. Same set of questionnaires  was utilized. Case study research strategy was applied.  It is shown that agile planning especially on requirements definition is crucial on succeeding  with agile. Integration requires a helicopter overview on all systems, regardless phase of its  involvement during the project. Value driven development relies on deep understanding of  customer's vision. Organization support and management commitment are keys to success.  Distributed agile seeks better shared mental and situation awareness to minimize the impact of  distribution.  In conclusion, succeeding with distributed agile involves sufficient planning. Value is the key  factor to drive feature development. Organization is obliged to true commitment to agility.
From detective work to love affairs : case study on the development of organizational social network relations in the Finnish Institute in London
Defining the key measures for corporate intranet development : business outcomes for Fortum corporation
Developing intranet network : a case study of a project in Kone Corporation, R&D
Developer's guide to Windows Sharepoint services 3.0
Information systems today
Intranet customer relationship management solution
Network design : management and technical perspectives
"Written by two Microsoft MVPs for SharePoint, this book ... gets you started building apps for SharePoint 2013 and Office 365. ... [including how to] develop SharePoint-hosted apps and cloud-hosted apps; adopt the new patterns for app development; build maintainable apps with the MVVM and MVC patterns; utilize the client-side object model (CSOM) and the REST API in your apps; and authenticate and establish app identity using OAuth and server-to-server (S2S) trusts"--P. [4] of cover.
Beginning SharePoint 2010 development
A browser-based dentist registration system through intranet
Project management of developing GHRIS CIS based on MS SharePoint 2007
Microsoft SharePoint 2010 plain & simple
Ontologies : a silver bullet for knowledge management and electronic commerce
This is learning made easy. Students will get productive fast with SharePoint 2016 and jump in wherever they need answers - brisk lessons and colorful screen shots show them exactly what to do, step by step.
Professional SharePoint 2010 development
IT Statler - operative tool built on SharePoint/MOSS 2007
Satisfaction regarding the intranet as a channel of internal communication at the ministry of education
Internet information services (IIS) 6.0
IPSec : the new security standard for the internet, intranets, and virtual private networks
Microsoft SharePoint technologies : planning, design, and implementation
Implementing a SharePoint Online 2013 platform : case Csolutor intranet
Online Information 2000 : 24th International Online Information Meeting, proceedings, London 5-7 December 2000
Microsoft SharePoint 2007 for dummies
Is your organization rapidly accumulating more information than you know how to manage? This updated edition of Enterprise Search helps you create an enterprise search solution based on more than just technology. Author Martin White shows you how to plan and implement a managed search environment that meets the needs of your business and your employees. You'll learn why it’s absolutely vital to have a dedicated staff manage your search technology and support your users. New material for this second edition includes material on SharePoint 2013 search, managing open source search development, website search, designing the search user, and assessing search performance. Chapters now include a Further Reading section for computer science and information science students.
