http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20118 environmental journalism
environmental journalism
Media meets climate : the global challenge for journalism
The looting machine : warlords, tycoons, smugglers, and the systematic theft of Africa's wealth
Media management : leveraging content for profitable growth
'China and Environment' provides a unique report on the experiences of participatory politics that have emerged in response to environmental problems, rather than focusing only on macro-level ecological issues and their elite responses. --Publisher's description.
The handbook of communication ethics
The sociology of journalism
Environment, media and communication
An investigative journey into the ways the resource trade wreaks havoc on Africa, 'The Looting Machine' sheds light on the shadowy networks that connect Goldman Sachs, BP, the Hong Kong underworld and the murderous cabals that rule some oil states
Media, interaction and integration : cross-cultural dialogues in the Baltic Sea area
Environmental risk and the press : an exploratory assessment
Ten practical tips for environmental reporting
China and the environment : the green revolution
Chasing sustainability on the Net : international research on 69 journalistic pure players and their business models
This report outlines how online-based journalistic startups have created their economical locker in the evolving media ecology. The research introduces the ways that startups have found sustainability in the markets of nine countries. The work is based on 69 case studies from Europe, USA and Japan. The case analysis shows that business models can be divided into two groups. The storytelling-oriented business models are still prevalent in our findings. These are the online journalistic outlets that produce original content – news and stories for audiences. But the other group, service-oriented business models, seems to be growing. This group consists of sites that don’t try to monetize the journalistic content as such but rather focus on carving out new functionality. The project was able to identify several revenue sources: advertising, paying for content affiliate marketing, donations, selling data or services, organizing events, freelancing and training or selling merchandise. Where it was hard to evidence entirely new revenue sources, it was however possible to find new ways in which revenue sources have been combined or reconfigured. The report also offers practical advice for those who are planning to start their own journalistic site.
Ethics of the professions : medicine, business, media, law
Gender and newsroom cultures : identities at work
Media and the environment
Changing the news : the forces shaping journalism in uncertain times
Global crisis reporting : journalism in the global age
The reporter's environmental handbook / [edited by] Bernadette M. West ... [et al.]
Handbook of digital politics
Reporting live from the end of the world
Climate change and the media
Journalism re-examined: digital challenges and professional orientations : lessons from northern Europe
Europe in the media : a comparison of reporting, representation, and rhetoric in national media systems in Europe
Making sense of Chernobyl nine years after : TV news reception study of the environmental disaster
Metadiscourse in environmental news articles : how the articles communcate environmental issues to their readers in The Guardian and The Wall Street Journal
Fascination : viewer friendly TV journalism
Media and the ecological crisis
Green ink : an introduction to environmental journalism
Entrepreneurial journalism : how to build what's next for news
Finnish papers presented at the IAMCR conference : Brazil 1992.
Environmental communication and the public sphere
Media, risk, and science
Global climate – local journalisms : a transnational study of how media make sense of climate summits
