http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20198 visuality
visuality
Analyzing the impact of black abolitionist iconography on early black literature and the formation of black identity, "Fugitive Vision" examines the writings of Frederick Douglass, William Wells Brown, William and Ellen Craft, Harriet Jacobs, and the slave potter David Drake. Juxtaposing pictorial and literary representations, the book argues that the visual offered an alternative to literacy for current and former slaves, whose works mobilize forms of illustration that subvert dominant representations of slavery by both apologists and abolitionists. From a portrait of Douglass' mother as Ramses to the incised snatches of proverb and prophesy on Dave the Potter's ceramics, the book identifies a "fugitive vision" that reforms our notions of antebellum black identity, literature, and cultural production.
Reimagining textuality : textual studies in the late age of print
Changing borders : contemporary positions in intermediality
Make it so : interaction design lessons from science fiction
Design management in a startup : a multiple case study on managing the visual product identity in 13 startup companies
Development of brand identity for dairy farm "Newco Dubrava"
Anthropologies of art : [Clark Conference "Anthropologies of Art" : Sterling and Francine Clark Art Institute, Williamstown, Massachusetts, 25 - 26 April 2003] / edited by Mariët Westermann
Creative workshop : 80 challenges to sharpen your design skills
Visual language of Latin building inscriptions. The case of North Africa
Field visual merchandising strategy : developing a national in-store strategy using a merchandising service organization
Eye hEar the visual in music
A visual language : elements of design
Vision and narrative in Achilles Tatius' Leucippe and Clitophon
Vision in text and image : the cultural turn in the study of arts
Visual thinking for design
We think primarily in images, and only secondarily in words, while both the image and the word are preceded by the bodily, the visceral, the muscular. This holds even for mathematical thinking. This book deals with this topic.
The visual seen and unseen : insights into Tom Stoppard's art
Fugitive vision : slave image and Black identity in antebellum narrative
Tangible . : [high touch visuals]
Visual Research: A Concise Introduction to Thinking Visually is the first text to present a concise overview of the significant ethical, theoretical, and practical considerations for conducting research with images. The capacity to take photos and video on handheld devices and the ability to store, post, and share such imagery online all offer tremendous opportunities for social research. The rapid development and popularity of such technology means that little technological proficiency is required, and even less theoretical and ethical consideration. This book provides an accessible introduction to doing visual research in the social sciences. Beginning with ethical considerations, this book highlights the importance of thinking visually before engaging in visual research. Further themes involve creating, organizing, and using images and are presented so as to help readers think about and work with their own visual data. Boxed case studies and further reading suggestions enhance the utility of this primer.
Shelley's drafts and notebooks, which have recently been published for the first time, are very revealing about the creative processes behind his poems, and show - through illustrations and doodles - an unexpectedly vivid visual imagination which contributed greatly to the effect of his poetry. Shelley's Visual Imagination analyzes both verbal script and visual sketches in his manuscripts to interpret the lively personifications of concepts such as 'Liberty', 'Anarchy', or 'Life' in his completed poems. Challenging the persistent assumption that Shelley's poetry in particular, and Romantic poetry more generally, reject the visual for expressive voice or music, this first full-length study of the drafts and notebooks combines criticism with a focus upon bibliographic codes and iconic pages. The product of years of close examination of these remarkable texts, this much-anticipated book will be of great value for all students of Shelley and all those interested in the Romantic process of creation.
"Due to the fierce competition among brands for a strong visual product placement and presentation to attract consumers, many companies are beginning to use merchandising services to help them stand out on a crowded retail store floor.This book is a comprehensive step-by-step guide to developing and launching a national in-store merchandising strategy. Merchandising and marketing expert Paul Russell covers how to select the right merchandising service organization, team training, merchandising standards, and planograms. He also provides real world insights on how visual merchandising works at a strategic level. "--
The art of opportunity : how to build growth and ventures through strategic innovation and visual thinking
Findings and current opinion in cognitive neuroscience
Elements of visual design in the landscape
The cinesthetic montage of music-video : hearing the image and seeing the sound
Doing visual ethnography : images, media, and representation in research
Visual pattern analyzers
Unbearable whiteness : nurses and visual hospital environment
This book explores visual research methods in education across four themes: images of schooling, performing pedagogy, power and representation and ethical issues in educational research, written by leading researchers from Australia, the UK and Canada.
Exploring visual design : the elements and principles
The power of the image : emotion, expression, explanation
Showreel.01 : 53 projects on audiovisual design
The sketchnote workbook : advanced techniques for taking visual notes you can use anywhere
Evowood - visuaalista vaihtelua = Evowood - for visual variation
Seen/unseen : art, science, and intuition from Leonardo to the Hubble telescope
The queen's dumbshows : John Lydgate and the making of early theater
Toward a psychology of art : collected essays
Margulies and Valenza, two of the best-known visual facilitators in the business world, bring their expertise to the classroom and share their secrets for conveying complex ideas simply. By freeing themselves from the limiting belief that "you can't draw" readers will move into the world of visible thinking.
Creative dynamics : diagrammatic strategies in narrative
Visual mathematics and cyberlearning
Writing for the eyes in the Spanish Golden Age
Perception and imaging
Visuality in the theatre : the locus of looking
"Visual thinking expert Sunni Brown has created The Doodle Revolution as a kick-starter guide for igniting and applying simple visual language to any challenge. The instinctive and universal act of doodling need only be unleashed in order to innovate, solve problems, and elevate cognitive performance instantly. With humor, wit, and a commitment to disrupting our perceptions of doodling, Brown teaches us how to: Doodle any object, concept, or system imaginable. Invent, innovate, and solve messy problems. Transform text into a visual display that engages an audience. Explain the relevance of visual literacy to leaders at work and at school"--
Precarious visualities : new perspectives on identification in contemporary art and visual culture / edited by Olivier Asselin, Johanne Lamoureux, Christine Ross
Contemporary visual merchandising and environmental design
From art to landscape : unleashing creativity in garden design
The digitization of cinematic visual effects : Hollywood's coming of age
Implementation of inventory control in a warehouse of a case company
Visuality improves in the townscape
The ground of the image
Elements of design : Rowena Reed Kostellow and the structure of visual relationships
Walking the streets of Suzhou : approaching urban spaces through embodied experiences and visual interpretations
Design Anamorphosis in Math Class
Narrating the visual in Shakespeare
Digital compositing in the VFX pipeline
Basic design : the dynamics of visual form
Reading and dyslexia : visual and attentional processes
Colour grading video files in Adobe Lightroom
Magic Eye beyond 3D : improve your vision with magic eye
Goethe's visual world
"The retail sales floor has become a battlefield: each brand is fighting for the same customer and wants to ensure their merchandise is on the sales floor, sized, folded, hung and presented properly. Field Visual Merchandising Strategy is a comprehensive guide to developing and executing a national field merchandising strategy, covering key areas such as developing a strategy, how to go about selecting the right merchandising service organization, team training, merchandising standards, planograms, and launching the strategy. Ideal for retail marketers, visual merchandisers, merchandising managers and brand managers, Field Visual Merchandising Strategy uses examples and case studies from a range of shops, from fashion emporia to small outlets, to provide real-world insight on how strategic visual merchandising works"--
Vision and brain : how we perceive the world
Optical corrections in the sculpture of Donatello
Architecture is elementary : visual thinking through architectural concepts
The perversity of things : Hugo Gernsback on media, tinkering, and scientifiction
Visual Eye Tracking Data as Medium in User Dialogue - Service Design’s Perspective
Experimental - visual - concrete : avantgarde poetry since the 1960s
Eventdesign Jahrbuch 2010 2011 = Event design yearbook 2010 2011
Images : a reader
Visual research : a concise introduction to thinking visually
The way we live : with colour
Evolutionary aesthetics
The planting design handbook
The nature of creatice activity : experimental and comparative studies of visual and non-visual sources of drawing, painting, and sculpture by means of the artistic products of weak sighted and blind subjects and of the art of different epochs and cultures
Special event production : the resources
Visual thought : the depictive space of perception
Visual furniture : design or fashion : a study on visual presentations of furniture
Advances in visual methodology
The performative geography of webcams
The visual in sport
Imagery in the 21st century
A thousand words : portraiture, style, and queer modernism
The significance of visual elements in music publishing
Visual meetings : how graphics, sticky notes & idea mapping can transform group productivity
The Queen's Dumbshows explores the importance of John Lydgate's mummings and entertainments for literary and theatrical history, rethinking what constitutes "drama" in late medieval England and what role it played in public life.
Abstract: The purpose of this thesis was to design Kanban system and create implementation plan for a laundry business case Ravanin Pesula Oy. Washing process was targeted for designing since it plays an important role in controlling inventory level at Ravanin. The thesis project was carried out with ambitious of designing a reliable and applicable Kanban system together with manageable implementation plan using various studies about Kanban, author's working experiences as well as supporting from Ravanin in gathering data. The implementation in action would be up to the case company to whether apply it into their washing process using the designed Kanban size and signal, or modified it according to their preferences.  The theory approach was focus on two mains sections including designing Kanban system and creating implementation plan. The idea of Kanban in Lean manufacturing was first provided as well giving the reasons why Kanban would be an ideal option to utilize time for production planning as well as minimise inventory level. The theories for designing Kanban system was described step by step, starting from collecting and conducting data, to sizing the Kanban and finally developing the Kanban design. Meanwhile, how to apply the Kanban into manufacturing environment was added as well which is known as implementation plan consisting training plan, start up the Kanban and dealing with rising problems, and audit the Kanban.  The empirical part was in the same order as the theoretical part meaning that data was collected through face to face interview with Ravanin and then being conducted using theoretical guideline. The Kanban size was calculated based on not only conducted data but also author's working experiences so that it would match company's expectation and working manner. In developing the Kanban design, three different Kanban designs were selected due to its demand and distance between washing process and downstream processes. The last but not least section was to create implementation plan for the designed Kanban. The training plan was provided defining who to train, what to train and how. In addition, the rising problems when first starting the Kanban and its solutions were given as well to increase the benefits of Kanban. For managing and improving Kanban, audit process and approach were explained in the way that support the company in utilizing the Kanban's performance in scheduling production as well as managing inventory level. Keywords: Kanban, inventory management, Lean manufacturing, visual schedule, production planning.
The action based investigative thesis “The Significance of Visual Elements in Music Publishing” serves as a personal reflective analysis of a design student and an artist. The thesis is based on complete packaging designs for two CD-albums that the author has planned, designed and arranged for printing. The thesis will also try to describe and venture into the visual sides of promotion for the latest albums and how they were blueprinted and executed. The main objective for the thesis is to illustrate the complete processes of creating complex artwork for album packaging in a versatile manner. By reflecting on the methods used in design management and companies’ image control, the thesis also aims to investigate the significance and functions of visual elements in music publishing as a whole. This especially considers the genre of rock music, which the albums described in this thesis are categorized into. In conclusion, the whole thesis works as a platform for personal growth as an artist and a student in the visual field of study, while also working as an example to designers working with similar projects. The thesis also provides helpful information on how to achieve a fitting, attractive and promotionally intriguing visual identity in today’s music business to the interested about the ongoing pursuit of success in the music field.
Reframing visual social science : towards a more visual sociology and anthropology
Picturing transnationalism : towards a cinematic logic of transnationalism
Apperceiving visual elements in human-technology interaction design
"Over 66 basic aspects of architecture are comprehensively covered with over 5,000 words in a visual context, to help visual thinkers clarify meanings. Comprehensive index permits the reader to locate any important word in the text. Oversized pages help present complicated material in easy-to-comprehend spreads. - Written by one of the most famous architectural authors --Frank Ching's name alone is a key selling feature for this book--he has earned the respect and trust of designers, design educators, and students around the world"--
UNESCO World Heritage Sites : self-published visual content in social media
The graphic designer's guide to effective visual communication : creating hierarchies with type, image, and color
Taking it to the bridge : music as performance
Transvisuality : the cultural dimension of visuality. Vol. 1, Boundaries and creative openings
Visual, visuospatial and visuoconstructive skills
In the mind's eye : creative visual thinkers, gifted dyslexics, and the rise of visual technologies
Electrophysiological correlates of memory-based visual change detection in humans
The illustrated Shakespeare, 1709-1875
Aspects of cinematic visuality
John Donne's poetry and early modern visual culture
Optiques : the science of the eye and the birth of modern French fiction
Modernism, the visual, and Caribbean literature
The imaginary : word and image = L'Imaginaire : texte et image
The last vispo anthology : visual poetry 1998-2008
"A fearless guide to awakening your mind using simple visual language What do Einstein, Edison, Richard Feynman, Henry Ford, and JFK have in common? Like virtually all heavy-hitting thinkers, they looked beyond just words and numbers to get intellectual and creative insights. They actively applied a deceptively simple tool to think both smarter and faster: the doodle. And so can the rest of us-zero artistic talent required. Visual thinking expert Sunni Brown has created The Doodle Revolution as a kick-starter guide for igniting and applying simple visual language to any challenge. The instinctive and universal act of doodling need only be unleashed in order to innovate, solve problems, and elevate cognitive performance instantly. With humor, wit, and a commitment to disrupting our perceptions of doodling, Brown teaches us how to: Doodle any object, concept, or system imaginable. Invent, innovate, and solve messy problems. Transform text into a visual display that engages an audience. Explain the relevance of visual literacy to leaders at work and at school. Despite what our culture suggests, doodling and sketching are powerful tools and they are for everyone, not just artsy types. It's time we recognize visual literacy as a fundamental requirement for the future"--
"In The Modern American House, Sandy Isenstadt examines how architects, interior designers, and landscape designers worked to visually enhance spatial perception in middle-class houses. The desire for spaciousness reached its highest pitch where it was most lacking, in the small, single-family houses that came to be the cornerstone of middle-class life in the nineteenth century. In direct conflict with actual dimensions, spaciousness was linked to a tension unique to the middle-class: between spatial aspirations and financial limitations. Although rarely addressed in a sustained fashion by theorists and practitioners: Isenstadt argues that spaciousness was central to the development of modern American domestic architecture, with explicit strategies for perceiving space being pivotal to modern house design. Through professional endorsement, concern for visual space found its way into discussion on the course of a century of real estate taste and law. This book documents how visual space came to be internalized as a cultural value."--BOOK JACKET.
The pocket universal principles of design
A history of pictures
The corporeal image : film, ethnography, and the senses
Thinking creatively : new ways to unlock your visual imagination
The visual dominant in eighteenth-century Russia
Novel music discovery concepts : user experience and design implications
Optical unconscious : an October book / Rosalind E. Krauss
Visual representations of Christianity in Christian music videos
Visual poetry : artists' writing in para-literary age
Establishing a visual identity for ZOMG!MEDIA
Using Reference in Creating a Digital Painting
Feasibility study : visual guided manipulator for light assembly applications
The imaginary as a critical concept originated in the twentieth century and has been theorized in diverse ways. It can be understood as a register of thought; the way we interpret the world; the universe of images, signs, texts, and objects of thought. In this volume, it is explored as it manifests itself in encounters between the verbal and the visual. A number of the essays brought together here explore the transposition of the imaginary in illustrations of texts and verbal renditions of images, as well as in comic books based on paintings or on verbal narratives. Others analyze ways in which books deal with film or television and investigate the imaginary in digital media. Special attention is paid to the imaginary of places and the relationship of the imaginary with memory. Written in English and French, these contributions by European and American scholars demonstrate the various concerns and approaches characteristic of contemporary scholarship in word and image studies.
The power of pictures : creating pathways to literacy through art, grades K-6
The doodle revolution : unlock the power to think differently
Art and perception : towards a visual science of art
Vision and rhetoric in Shakespeare : looking through language
Choosing Juice : Enabling Fun in Games through Better Visual Design
Shelley's visual imagination
How to see the world : a Pelican introduction
Design!:  a lively guide to design basics for artists & craftspeople
Philosophy and the visual arts : seeing and abstracting
In your face! : analysing public political performance as communication
Rhetorics of display
Visual research methods in the social sciences : awakening visions
Art, word and image : two thousand years of visual/textual interaction
The visual novel : Emile Zola and the art of his times
Visual research methods in educational research
Telling stories with photo essays : a guide for prek-5 teachers
Image, text, and religious reform in fifteenth-century England
Wine science : Principles and applications
Tourism and visual culture : Volume 1, theories and concepts
The use of photographs in educational research
Tribe : excercises in transitory art
Thoughts on images : a philosophical evaluation
Visual effects for film and television
The beautiful : illustrations for fashion and style
Cognitive iconology : when and how psychology explains images
This article discusses Christian rock videos. Videos from a collection entitled Wow Hits 2002: the year's top Christian music videos are used as examples. The title of the collection declares that the videos are "Christian", and the question asked in the article is how this quality may be seen in the videos. How may the videos be seen as visual representations of Christianity? Using a semiotic framework, two possible types of such representations of Christianity in the videos are discussed. These are references to traditional christian imagery; and the style and appearance of the artists. .
Tragic props and cognitive function : aspects of the function of images in thinking
Disability aesthetics
The Development of the Information Sharing Process by Lean Philosophy
The modern American house : spaciousness and middle-class identity
Rotoscoping : techniques and tools for the aspiring artist
Visual Research Methods is a guide for students, researchers and teachers in the social sciences who wish to explore and actively use a visual dimension in their research. This book offers an integrated approach to doing visual research, showing the potential for building convincing case studies using a mix of visual forms including: archive images, media, maps, objects, buildings and video interviews. Examples of the visual construction of 'place', social identity and trends of analysis are given in the first section of the book, whilst the essays in the second section highlight the astonishing creativity and innovation of four visual researchers. Each detailed example serves as a touchstone of quality and analysis in research, with themes ranging from the ethnography of a Venezuelan cult goddess to the forensic photography of the skeleton of a fourteenth century nobleman. They give a keen sense of the motives, philosophies and benefits of using visual research methods. This volume will be of practical interest to those embarking on visual research as well as more experienced researchers. Key concerns include the power of images and their changing significance in a world of cross-mediation, techniques of analysis and ethical issues, and how to unlock the potential of visual data for research.
Visual saliency and eye movement : modeling and applications
[I remember very vividly encountering a group of gorillas]
Textual and visual selves : photography, film and comic art in French autobiography
Right-brain business plan : a creative, visual map for success
A visual dictionary of architecture
The language of the eyes : science, sexuality, and female vision in English literature and culture, 1690-1927
Visual thinking : tools for mapping your ideas
Teaching visual literacy in the primary classroom : comic books, film, television and picture narratives
Designing Kanban system and implementation plan for a laundry business
Illustration : a theoretical & contextual perspective
Seminar report : experimenting the visual in art and anthropology : the ethics of research and collaborations NTNU 29th-30th October 2008.
The visible text : textual production and reproduction from Beowulf to Maus
New essays on the psychology of art
Visualising China, 1845-1965 : moving and still images in historical narratives
Architecture : form, space, & order
"A critical and up-to-date overview of visual journalism that combines academic theory with the experiences of practitioners working in the field, drawing on a diverse range of media examples, in order to analyse the significance of appearance and branding in the digital age. "--
Photobiography : photographic self-writing in Proust, Guibert, Ernaux, Macé
The present study is aimed at developing brand identity for a start-up farm NewCo Dubrava, which is an agricultural business complex for fattening calves, milk production and cultivation and production of different crops. Newco Dubrava is planning to restart its production and having long-term goals. There is a strong need for development of its brand identity that will clarify and elaborate company's core values, support its major strategic goals and, eventually, make the company unique and differentiate it from competitors. The objectives of the study include, firstly, formulation of main farm's statements; development of structured and coherent brand identity elements; and, finally, suggest ideas for brand visualization as an outcome. The major foundation of the research is the theoretical framework, which provides the study with a solid basis for developing brand identity. The brand identity-building frame for the farm is based on Aaker's (2002) brand identity model with several modifications. In order deepen the analysis the framework is modified by adding relative theories by Kapferer (2008) and Gad (2001). As an empirical realization the present research applies the brand identity design guidelines by A. Wheeler (2006) that include all the steps of the identity development process, are practically oriented and focus on creative process of brand visualization elements. The results of the research are based on the theoretical framework and the analysis of data collected during the interviews. The primary method of data collection was qualitative in-depth interviews with the shareholders and main managing personnel of the farm. The results of the study are presented in the brand manual guidelines that include all the findings and suggestions worked out during the research. Primarily, the guidelines are directed to the employees and internal company use in order to introduce company's brand identity, its main statements and their application in different communication circumstances. The book gives a clear definition of what farm's brand stands for. It identifies company's central values, vision and mission statements that provide direction for the brand and bring in the sense of brand belongingness among employees. Secondly, the guidelines introduce visual representation of the brand – logo, trademark, color palette and imagery use. The design of visual brand representation was worked out based on the interview analysis, market research and company's business plan. The guidelines also introduce overall layout style and color scheme for further utilization in order to maintain brand consistency.
Multicultural View on Package Design : Scandinavian and Asian Design, Focus on Finland and Korea
