http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2019 household servants
household servants
Knowing their place : domestic service in twentieth-century Britain
The new maids : transnational women and the care economy
The blue bedspread : [a novel]
Mrs Jeffries on the trail
Behind the scenes : domestic arrangements in historic houses
Domestic service and gender, 1660-1750 : life and work in the London household
Be frank with me
Occupational stress in working women and the benefits of relaxation training : studies on bank employees, home helps and hospital cleaners
Maid in the U.S.A
In Jackson, Mississippi, in 1962, there are lines that are not crossed. With the civil rights movement exploding all around them, three women start a movement of their own, forever changing a town and the way women--black and white, mothers and daughters--view one another.
Piikajutut : stories Finnish maids told
Labours lost : domestic service and the making of modern England
Towards a global history of domestic and caregiving workers
The Irish Bridget : Irish immigrant women in domestic service in America, 1840-1930
"This is a unique account of the hidden history of servants and their employers in late eighteenth-century England and of how servants thought about and articulated their resentments. It is a book which encompasses state formation and the maidservant pounding away at dirty nappies in the back kitchen; taxes on the servant's labour and the knives he cleaned, the water he fetched, and the privy he shovelled out. Carolyn Steedman shows how deeply entwined all of these entities, objects and people were in the imagination of those doing the shovelling and pounding and in the political philosophies that attempted to make sense of it all. Rather than fitting domestic service into conventional narratives of industrial revolution' or the making of the English working class' she offers instead a profound re-reading of this formative period in English social history which restores the servants' lost labours to their rightful place"--Provided by publisher.
"Domestic and caregiving work has been at the core of human existence throughout history. Poorly paid or even unpaid, this work has been assigned to women in most societes and occasionally to men often as enslaved, indentures, 'adopted' workers. Societies and states set the discriminatory rules, those employed develop strategies of resistance or self-protection (Part One). While some use domestic service as training for their own future independent households, others are confined to it for life and try to avoid damage to their identities (Part Two). Employment conditions are even worse in colonizer-colonized dichotomies, in which the subalternized have to run the households of administrators who believe they are running an empire (Part Three). A team of international scholars addresses these issues globally with a deep historical background. Contributors are: Ally Shireen, Eileen Boris, Dana Cooper, Jennifer Fish, David R. Goodman, Mary Gene De Guzman, Jaira Harrington, Victoria Haskins, Dirk Hoerder, Elizabeth Hordge-Freeman, Majda Hrženjak, Elizabeth Hutchison, Dimitris Kalantzopoulos, Bela Kashyap, Marta Kindler, Anna Kordasiewicz, Ms Lokesh, Sabrina Marchetti, Robyn Pariser, Jessica Richter, Magaly Rodríguez García, Raffaella Sarti, Adéla Souralová, Yukari Takai, and Andrew Urban"--Provided by publisher.
Servants of Globalization is a poignant and often troubling study of migrant Filipina domestic workers who leave their own families behind to do the mothering and caretaking work of the global economy in countries throughout the world. It specifically focuses on the emergence of parallel lives among such workers in the cities of Rome and Los Angeles, two main destinations for Filipina migration. The book is largely based on interviews with domestic workers, but the book also powerfully portrays the larger economic picture as domestic workers from developing countries increasingly come to perform the menial labor of the global economy. This is often done at great cost to the relations with their own split-apart families. The experiences of migrant Filipina domestic workers are also shown to entail a feeling of exclusion from their host society, a downward mobility from their professional jobs in the Philippines, and an encounter with both solidarity and competition from other migrant workers in their communities.
The barbarian nurseries
Moral economies of reproductive labour : an ethnography of migrant domestic and care labour in Naples, Italy
China's new underclass : paid domestic labour
Servants of globalization : women, migration and domestic work
Mrs Jeffries and the missing alibi
Spilled water
The Christmas pearl. Carolina girls
Domestic labour relations in India : vulnerability and gendered life courses in Jaipur
All the king's tights
A sister's courage
A good year
The labors of modernism : domesticity, servants, and authorship in modernist fiction
Distant companions : servants and employers in Zambia 1900-1985
The night guest
Global woman : nannies, maids and sex workers in the new economy
LIFE BELOW STAIRS  : domestic servants in England from Victorian times
Global woman : nannies, maids, and sex workers in the new economy
The thirteenth tale
Fool me twice
Migration and domestic work : a European perspective on a global theme
Domestic labour relations in India : Vulnerability and gendered life courses in Jaipur
Sycamore Row
That was good
Disposable domestics : immigrant women workers in the global economy
Sycamore row : a novel
Servicing the middle classes : class, gender and waged domestic labour in contemporary Britain
The help
Empowering migrant women : why agency and rights are not enough
Serving women : household service in nineteenth century America
Reclusive literary legend M. M. 'Mimi' Banning has been holed up in her Bel Air mansion for years. But after falling prey to a Bernie Madoff-style ponzi scheme, she's flat broke. Now Mimi must write a new book for the first time in decades, and to ensure the timely delivery of her manuscript, her New York publisher sends an assistant to monitor her progress. The prickly Mimi reluctantly complies, with a few stipulations: No Ivy-Leaguers or English majors. Must drive, cook, tidy. Computer whiz. Good with kids. Quiet, discreet, sane. When Alice Whitley arrives at the Banning mansion, she's put to work right away-as a full-time companion to Frank, the writer's eccentric nine-year-old, a boy with the wit of Noel Coward, the wardrobe of a 1930s movie star, and very little in common with his fellow fourth-graders.
The domestic revolution : the modernisation of household service in England and France 1820-1920
Costume of household servants from the Middle Ages to 1900
The au pair and nanny's guide to working abroad
Irregular migration and invisible welfare
Mrs Jeffries on the ball
