http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20131 military medicine
military medicine
Secret weapons : technology, science and the race to win World War II
Stress fracture : a radionuclide, roentgenological and clinical study of Finnish conscripts
Man and wound in the ancient world : a history of military medicine from Sumer to the fall of Constantinople
Acute acoustic trauma in Finnis Defence Forces in 2003.
Journal of military studies
A history of medicine in the early U.S. Navy
Fighter pilot's neck pain
Medicine in the crusades : warfare, wounds and the medieval surgeon
On the apoplectic conditions occurring among brain injured veterans : especially regarding the causal relationship between the injury and the vascular accident
Fluid Resuscitation : state of the science for treating combat casualties and civilian injuries
Military medicine
The effects of a 4-day march on the gonadotrophins and mood states of army officers
The Ottoman army 1914-1918 : disease & death on the battlefield
The use of novel information technology in military medicine and mass casualty situation training
Containing trauma : nursing work in the First World War
From the Somme to Singapore : a medical officer in two world wars
Suture of war injuries to peripheral nerves : clinical studies of results
Fatigue fractures in military conscripts : a study on risk factors, diagnostics and long-term consequences
The bone-nailing surgeon G. B. G. Küntscher and the Finns : a historical review of wartime collaboration and its consequences 1942-1981
Secret warriors : key scientists, code breakers and propagandists of the Great War
Fatigue bone stress injuries of the lower extremities in Finnish conscripts
Grunt : the curious science of humans at war
This book explores military patients' experiences of frontline medical evacuation, war surgery, and the social world of military hospitals during the First World War. The proximity of the front and the colossal numbers of wounded created greater public awareness of the impact of the war than had been seen in previous conflicts, with serious political consequences. Frequently referred to as 'our wounded', the central place of the soldier in society, as a symbol of the war's shifting meaning, drew contradictory responses of compassion, heroism, and censure. Wounds also stirred romantic and sexual responses. This volume reveals the paradoxical situation of the increasing political demand levied on citizen soldiers concurrent with the rise in medical humanitarianism and war-related charitable voluntarism. The physical gestures and poignant sounds of the suffering men reached across the classes, giving rise to convictions about patient rights, which at times conflicted with the military's pragmatism. Why, then, did patients represent military medicine, doctors and nurses in a negative light? This book listens to the voices of wounded soldiers, placing their personal experience of pain within the social, cultural, and political contexts of military medical institutions. The author reveals how the wounded and disabled found culturally creative ways to express their pain, negotiate power relations, manage systemic tensions, and enact forms of 'soft resistance' against the societal and military expectations of masculinity when confronted by men in pain. The volume concludes by considering the way the state ascribed social and economic values on the body parts of disabled soldiers though the pension system.
A pharmacoepidemiological study of medicine use among Finnish conscripts
Battled nerves : Finnish soldiers' war experience, trauma, and military psychiatry, 1941-44
Ballistic trauma : clinical relevance in peace and war
The politics of wounds : military patients and medical power in the First World War
Radio speech communication and workload in military aviation : a human factors perspective
Missile injury : observations on the mechanism of trauma and revision surgery of soft tissue gunshot wounds
Korsakoff-like amnesic syndrome in penetrating brain injury : a study of Finnish war veterans
Suffering and sentiment in Romantic military art
Effects of added endurance or strength training on cardiovascular and neuromuscular performance of conscripts during the 8-week basic training period
Psychology aweigh! : a history of clinical psychology in the United Sates navy 1900-1988
Neuroendocrine responses to psychological workload of military flying
Grunt is the inside guide to the memorable, maddening and brilliant science that seeks to keep human beings intact, awake, sane, uninfected and uninfested on the battlefield.
Protection of combat clothing against cold in long term cold exposure
Tactical emergency care : military and operational out-of-hospital medicine
Interval exercise and cold protection
