http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20144 music programmes
music programmes
Sound and vision : the music video reader
Sex and the city
Game of thrones
Spectacle : Elvis Costello with.... Season one : four disc set
The Tudors : season 4 : music from the original television series
It's easy to play TV themes. 2 : Easy to read, simplified arrangements of 14 familiar themes from top TV shows
European television in the digital age : issues, dynamics and realities
Adapting Idols : authenticity, identity and performance in a global television format
Is artist management a feasible business in the Finnish music market?
Dancing in the distraction factory : music televison and popular culture
The busker's book of TV & film themes
Black hole by numbers : an address to the Nordic meeting of composers and musicologists in Turku, Finland - August 1988.
Some liked it hot : jazz women in film and television, 1928-1959
Bones : original television soundtrack
It's easy to play TV action themes
SFX-17 : TV & FILM THEMES
Rhythms of labour : music at work in Britain
Studying radio
Batman : exclusive original television soundtrack album
Spectacle : Elvis Costello with.... Season one : five disc set
The digital songstream : mastering the world of digital music
Abstract: This project was made for a company that provides a networking website for people who are interested in music. The objective of this project was to develop an application which collects and stores data from two distinct websites namely, http://www.muusikoiden.net and http://www.imperiumi.net. Both websites contain rich information about artists and their gig schedule, which was the main interest of the company. Another goal was to compile one data table that contains all the information which was gathered from the above mentioned sites. The application was developed using a web crawler integrated with Document Object Model Interface, which enables different programming languages to access any websites by representing the components in a more structured form. This crawler was made to iterate for every page in the websites. After parsing, the stored data was analyzed by the application to detect if there were any name prefixes, and remove those prefixes on every occurrence. Finally, a complete table with all the required information was build. Web crawler is a powerful programming application which can help for locating and accessing information from any web documents. And by combining the information it is possible to innovate or make useful analysis.
Kids tv themes
Buffy the vampire slayer : the album
The Simpsons : Songs in the key of Springfield : Original music from the television series
Spitting image : 20 great golden gobs
Its easy to play tv themes
PatchWork : a visual programming language and some musical applications
Television's greatest hits from the 70's & 80's : volume 3.
Radio production : a manual for broadcasters
True blood : music from and inspired by the HBO original series. Volume 2.
The best of Thunderbirds : original television soundtrack
Victory through harmony : the BBC and popular music in World War II
Psychedelic celluloid : British pop music in film and TV 1965-1974
It's easy to play TV themes. 2
iPod & iTunes for dummies
Tunes from the toons : the best of Hanna-Barbera
Glee : the 3D concert movie : motion picture soundtrack
Cubase VST : tips and tricks
Pro Tools all-in-one for dummies
Good night and good riddance : how thirty-five years of John Peel helped to shape modern life
Judi Dench & Michael Williams : with great pleasure : a sparkling collection of poetry, prose and song performed for BBC Radio 4
Let's have fun and Little creatures
Secret of the Sahara : original soundtrack from the TV series
Music in the air : America's changing tastes in popular music, 1920-1980
TV a-go-go : rock on TV from American Bandstand to American Idol
Music breaks in : essays on music radio and radio music in Finland
Beverly Hills, 90210 : The College years
Novel music discovery concepts : user experience and design implications
Web crawler and information management
Writing for television, radio and new media
The greatest : the number ones : deluxe edition
Heart and soul : new songs from Ally McBeal
TV themes for solo piano : comedy, detective, soap & drama
Cubase vst tips and tricks
Pro Tools puts professional recording and music production software in the hands of anyone with the appropriate hardware and the knowledge to use it. Musician and recording engineer Jeff Strong guides you through the latest version of this complex program, offering twice the content of the official guide at a lower price. Eight minibooks cover recording basics, getting started with Pro Tools, recording audio, editing audio, managing MIDI, mixing, mastering, and getting your music to the masses. •	The latest version of Pro Tools offers a whole range of new possibilities for the recording artist; this soup-to-nuts guide explains everything you need to know to take full advantage of it. •	Written by a professional musician and recording engineer who has authored two previous editions of this book as well as Home Recording For Musicians For Dummies and Drums For Dummies. •	Eight minibooks cover recording basics, getting started with Pro Tools, recording audio, editing audio, managing MIDI, mixing, mastering, and distributing your music. •	Explains how to configure your computer and attach hardware, proper microphone settings, steps for getting your music to sound the way you want, tips on putting your tracks together professionally, and much more.
T.V. songbook : The musical guide to prime time : 1984/1985
I want my MTV : the uncensored story of the music video revolution
Fame : rock 'n roll world
Climbing the charts : what radio airplay tells us about the diffusion of innovation
Amahl and the night visitors : original cast of the 1951 NBC Television production : opera in one act
As heard on TV
We want more
The Town Hall Party TV shows : Eddie Cochran & Gene Vincent
Inner space : the lost film music of Sven Libaek
Transphonic sounds: Commercial radio music in a shared urban environment
Culture and transmission : the technological and cultural reach of international syndicated radio
The lost broadcasts
20 great TV themes
Pop idol : global economy - local meanings
Dancing in the distraction factory : music television and popular culture
Presents the first decade of the MTV network, developing from a radical programming concept to a defining network for a generation and a force in the worlds of music, television, sports, fashion, and politics.
The Tudors : season 3 : music from the original television series
Sound media : from live journalism to music recording
Rocking around the clock : music television, postmodernism, and consumer culture
Fast guide to Cubase VST
Beyond powerful radio : a communicator's guide to the internet age : news, talk, information & personality for broadcasting, podcasting, internet, radio
The social and applied psychology of music
It's a wonderful life : a journey into sound for Mojo by Siouxie Sioux and Steve Severin
The complete Louisiana Hayride archives 1954-1956
Music from Twin Peaks
T. Rex on T.V.
Radio remains one of the most popular mediums through which people experience music. Yet there have only been a few studies examining the dynamic effects of radio on music. In this innovative study of community radio, Charles Fairchild uses a novel combination of critical analysis, interdisciplinary theory and ethnographic writing to compare commercial and community radio institutions and practices. By situating community radio in the dominant context of consumerism, Fairchild shows how people can create democratic discourses by speaking through other people's music. He argues that the social relations produced by playing music on the radio, and the inherent ambiguity of music itself, hold the potential for cultural democracy. The book shows how community radio's aesthetic practices accord with the ideals of an open and equitable public sphere, contributing to civil society and a potentially democratic aesthetics in which the "old medium" of radio holds profound lessons for 'new media'.
Fidelity matters : sound media and realism in the 20th century
Street smart guide to Sibelius 6 : with mini workbook
Music, radio and the public sphere : the aesthetics of democracy
Theme time radio hour. Season 3
The old grey whistle test : folk
