http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2014 distinctive marks
distinctive marks
Japanese crests : CD-ROM & book
Old trade-signs in Hungary
In the wake of the international financial crisis, authorities have been given new tools to prevent such crises. These tools - or macroprudential instruments - are intended to enhance banks' resilience to risk and prevent the excessive lending that often underlies asset price bubbles. In making decisions on deployment of the macroprudential tools, authorities will be supported by a set of early warning indicators confirmed by research data to best predict the outbreak of banking crises..
Signet Signal Symbol : Handbuch internationaler Zeichen = emblème signal symbole : répertoire de signes internationaux = signet signal symbol : handbook of international signs
Phenotypic and genetic parameters and responses in temperament of silver fox cubs in a selection experiment for confident behaviour
Branding terror : the logotypes and iconography of insurgent groups and terrorist organizations
How to design logos, symbols and icons : 24 internationally renowned studios reveal how they develop trademarks for print and new media
Symbol sourcebook : an authoritative guide to international graphic symbols
Kielten nimien tunnukset = Code for the representation of names of languages. Osa 1= Part 1, Kaksikirjaimiset tunnukset = Alpha 2 code
Display, commercial space & sign design : Volume 31
The little book of logo recipes
Brown's flags and funnels : of British and foreign steamship companies
Kielten nimien tunnukset = Codes for the representation of names of languages. 1, Kaksikirjaimiset tunnukset = Alpha 2 code
Forecast for 2017-2019
Valuuttojen tunnukset = Codes for the representation of currencies and codes
World airline colours. 3
Facts about the Finnish Defence Forces 2005 : [2005-2006]
Logo R.I.P. : a commemoration of dead logotypes
DNSSEC key management and exchange
Longitudinal approach to publicly held and privately owned family businesses : a financial analysis
Estimation of genetic parameters and genetic change for stillbirth in Iranian Holstein cows : a comparison between linear and threshold models
Treasury of Chinese designs : CD-ROM & book
The print casebooks : the best in environmental graphics : first annual edition
Data on stillbirth from the Animal Breeding Center of Iran collected from January 1990 to December 2007 and comprising 668810 Holstein calving events from 2506 herds were analyzed. Linear and threshold animal and sire models were used to estimate genetic parameters and genetic trends for stillbirth in the first, second, and third parities. Mean incidence of stillbirth decreased from first to third parities: 23.7%, 22.1%, and 21.8%, respectively. Phenotypic rates of stillbirth decreased from 1993 to 1998, for first, second and third calvings, and then increased from 1998 to 2007 for the first three parities. Direct heritability estimates of stillbirth for parities 1, 2 and 3 ranged from 2.2 to 8.7%, 0.6 to 5.1% and 0.1 to 3.8%, respectively, and maternal heritability estimates of stillbirth for parities 1, 2 and 3 ranged from 1.4 to 6.3%, 0.5 to 4.2% and 0.08 to 2.0%, respectively, using linear and threshold animal models. The threshold sire model estimates of heritabilities for stillbirth in this study were 0.021 to 0.071, while the linear sire model estimates of heritabilities for stillbirth in the current study were from 0.003 to 0.021 over the parities. There was a slightly increasing genetic trend for stillbirth rate in parities 1 and 2 over time with the analysis of linear animal and linear sire models. There was a significant decreasing genetic trend for stillbirth rate in parity 1 and 3 over time with the analysis of threshold animal and threshold sire models, but the genetic trend for stillbirth rate in parity 2 with these models of analysis was significantly positive. The low estimates of heritability obtained in this study implied that much of the improvement in stillbirth could be attained by improvement of production environment rather than genetic selection.
Logos redesigned : how 200 companies successfully changed their image
The secret language of symbols : a visual key to symbols and their meanings
This title presents a comprehensive survey of the visual identity of the world's major terrorist organizations, from al-Qaeda and the Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine to the Tamil Tigers.
Codes for the representation of names of languages. Part 4, General principles of coding of the representation of names of languages and related entities, and application guidelines = Codes pour la représentation des noms de langue : Partie 4, Principes généraux pour le codage de la représentation des noms de langue et d'entités connexes, et lignes directrices pour la mise en œuvre
Kielten nimien tunnukset = Code for the representation of names of languages. Osa 1, Kaksikirjaimiset tunnukset = Alpha 2 code
Forecast for 2015-2017
Shanzhai products in everyday life : ethnographic fieldwork in China
Weapons and uniforms of the U.S.S.R
The best in world trademarks : corporate and brand identity, volume 1
Uniform resource names
Symbol signs : the complete study of passenger/pedestrian oriented symbols developed by The American Institute of Graphic Arts for the U. S. Department of Transportation
Emblems : forms of pride : how to enjoy your blazer
Use of individual race results in the estimation of genetic parameters of trotting performance for Finnhorse and Standardbred trotters
Symbolism : the universal language
Interactive Design 2 : The International Collection of New Media Design = Die Gestaltung der neuen Medien im internationalen Überblick = Le design de nouveaux médias dans le monde
MAIDEN JA NIIDEN OSA-ALUEIDEN NIMIEN TUNNUKSET. OSA 1, MAIDEN NIMIEN TUNNUKSET : CODES FOR THE REPRESENTATION OF NAMES OF COUNTRIES AND THEIR SUBDIVISIONS
Kielten nimien tunnukset. Osa 1 : Kaksikirjaimiset tunnukset = Code for the representation of names of languages. Part 1 : Alpha 2 code
Pictogram and icon graphics : from public signage to web icons
Los logos : [a selected logo collection
The White Cross as a symbol of knighthood in the modern world
Estimates of genetic parameters of trotting performance traits for repeated annual records
Signal letter of British ships : for the use of ships at sea and signal stations for 1934.
Lippude lehvides mere põhja! = With flying colours to the bottom! = Pod reûŝimi flagami v pučinu! = Liput liehuen meren pohjaan!
Martyn Cornell's beer memorabilia : collecting the best from around the world
Secrets and practices of the Freemasons : sacred mysteries, rituals and symbols revealed
Imperial Russian field uniforms and equipment 1907-1917
Ehrenzeichen der Kapitel in vormals habsburgischen Ländern = Distinctive ensigns of chapters in formerly Habsburg dominated countries
Flying colours
Designing logos : the process of creating symbols that endure
2100 Victorian monograms
To-from : designing a non-verbal reciprocal online connection : case study of Japan support flag
Creating logos & letterheads
Print casebooks 8. Volume 2, 1989-1990 edition : the best in packaging
The secret life of logos : behind the scenes with top designers
Forest structure indicators based on tree size inequality and their relationships to airborne laser scanning
Military aircraft insignia of the world
Type faces
Army badges and insignia of world war 2. 2, British Commonwealth, Canada, South Africa, British African Territories, India, British Overseas Territories, Finland, France, Japan, Netherlands, Yugoslavia, China, Denmark, Czechoslovakia
Logo world : symbol festival
Logo design that works : secrets for successful logo design
Come cambiano i marchi = The way logos change : metamorfosi di 60 marchi italiani = metamorphosis of 60 Italian logos
Brassey's world aircraft & systems directory. 1996/97
Logo world : 1600 of the worldś newest logomarks
The URN system and its use in libraries
Dutch printer's devices, 15th-17th century : a catalogue
International standard. 639, Code for the representation of names of languages
Codes for the representation of names of languages. Part 5, Alpha-3 code for language families and groups = Codes pour la représentation des noms de langue : Code alpha-3 pour les familles de langues et groupes de langues
Early warning indicators of banking crises
Kielten nimien tunnukset = Beteckningar för namn på språk = Code for the representation of names of languages
Worldwide identity : inspired design from forty countries
Raymond Loewy and streamlined design
The Highland clans : the dynastic origins, chiefs and background of the clans and of some other families connected with Highland history
Big book of old-time spot illustrations
Official and unofficial US Navy air patches : 1920s to today
Aircraft profiles : Nos. 169192
Design strategy for managing local identity in internationalizing local products
An index of coincident economic indicators for Estonia
Handbook of pictoral symbols : 3.250 examples from international sources
Genetic parameters for growth traits in pigs estimated using third degree polynomial functions
Signs & symbols : an illustrated guide to their meaning and origins
Facts about National Defence
The illustrated encyclopedia of military insignia of the 20th century : a comprehensive A-Z guide to the badges, patches and embellishments of the world's armed forces
Print's best logos & symbols : 4 : winning designs from Print Magazine's national competition
Display, commercial space and sign design : Volume 22
Estimation of genetic parameters for test-day milk production at different stages of lactation of Finnish Ayrshire heifers
Airborne laser scanning based forest inventory for forest management by applying novel metrics and multiple data sources
Designer's handbook of logos and symbols : winning designs from Print Magazine's National Design Competition
The consequences of a banking crisis could be exceptionally severe in Finland's concentrated banking system. Regulatory means must therefore be deployed to ensure the capital adequacy and liquidity of Finnish banks remain strong under all circumstances..
The First World War in 100 objects
Sign Graphics cool edition
The growth of Finnish software companies in 2008-2011 : empirical investigation of financial ratios as the determinants of growth
Suomen apteekkien signatuuriaiheita = Signaturmotiv på apoteken i Finland = Symbols used in tag-labels at pharmacies in Finland / Bengt Mattila
Kielten nimien tunnukset = Codes for the representation of names of languages. 2, Kolmikirjaimiset tunnukset = Alpha 3 code
The Viet Nam Zippo, 1933-1975
Antique Trader guide to fakes & reproductions : authentic or fake? : can yoy make the right choice?
Air Force colours. Vol. 2, ETO & MTO 1942-45
The big book of logos
The migration of symbols
Symbol : the reference guide to abstract and figurative trademarks
The graphic art of the enamel badge
Information and documentation : codes for the representation of names of scripts = Information et documentation : codes pour la représentation des noms d'écritures
Military insignia
Symboly Republiky = Symbols of the Czech Republic
The acronym book : acronyms in aerospace and defense
No rules logos : radical design solutions that break rules
The best in world trademarks : corporate and brand identity volume 2.
Graphic symbols for children
The book of flags
Codes for the representation of names of languages. Part 6, Alpha-4 code for comprehensive coverage of language variants = Codes pour la représentation des noms de langue : Partie 6, Code alpha-4 pour un traitement exhaustif des variantes linguistiques
Display, commercial space and sign design : Volume 24
The graphic art of the enamel badge : with 581 colour illustrations
Concentrated banking system amplifies banking crises
ARMY BADGES AND INSIGNIA SINCE 1945 1.
Flags and banners of the third reich
The Hamlyn guide to commercial aircraft & airline markings
The tartans of the clans and families of Scotland
The world's greatest brands
Trademarks and symbols of the world
Codes for the representation of names of languages = Codes pour la représentation des noms de langue. Part 1, Alpha-2 code = Partie 1: Code alpha-2
Improving the accuracy of predicted basal-area diameter distribution in advanced stands by determinig stem number
Logo Creed : the mystery, magic and method behind designing logos
Flags, funnels and hull colours
Graphical symbols : safety colours and safety signs = Symboles graphiques : couleurs de sécurité et signaux de sécurité. Part 2 = Partie 2, Design principles for product safety labels = Principes de conception pour l'étiquetage de sécurité des produits
World airline colours. 4
This paper reviews the theoretical methodology on economic indicators, and constructs an aggregate index of coincident economic indicators for Estonia.The index tracks economic activity fairly well for the sample period.The evolution of the index in the first eight months of this year suggests that the pace of economic expansion in Estonia is slowing down significantly: from a growth rate of 10.5 percent in the first eight months of 1997, to 6.0 percent in the same period of 1998. .
Aircraft in profile 14.
Pictogram and icon collection : from public signage to web icons
Magic and mystical symbols : CD-ROM and book
Summary.
Brown's flags and funnels of shipping companies of the world
The Russian Army 1914-18
Brown's flags and funnels of British and foreign steamship companies
Military badges and insignia
Sign, image and symbol
Design coordination and corporate image
Forecast for 2016-2018
WORLD AIRLINE COLOURS 2.
Graphical symbols : safety colours and safety signs = Symboles graphiques : couleurs de sécurité et signaux de sécurité. Part 1 = Partie 1, Design principles for safety signs in workplaces and public areas = Principes de conception pour les signaux de sécurité sur les lieux de travail et dans les lieux publics
Symbols : encyclopedia of Western signs and ideograms
Michaela Schweeger : Raum und Gestaltung = Space and design
Display, commercial space & sign design : Volume 26
New business card graphics
Zeichen + Signets : eine Sammlung internationaler Beispiele = Signs + emblems : a collection of international examples
