http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20102 animal geography
animal geography
Zoogeography of the land and inland waters
Reports of the Princeton University expeditions to Patagonia, 1896-1899. Vol. 3, Zoölogy : part 2, batrachians and reptiles - part 3, the fresh water fishes of Patagonia and an examination of the Archiplata-Archhelenis theory
Aerial survey of walrus haul-out sites in west Spitsbergen and Moffen
Occasional papers of the Museum of Zoology
The fauna of India and the adjacent countries : Larval trematodes of India. Pt. 1, Amphistome cercarie
Check-list of Chrysolomidae of south east Asia, south of Thailand and west of Irian-Jaya of Indonesia, VIII. Hispinae
The geographic distribution of frogs : patterns and predictions
Fauna of India : Acari : Mesostigmata : family Phytoseiidae
Field guide to mammals of Southern Africa
Results of the Swedish zoological expedition to Egypt and the White Nile 1901
Fauna of Saudi Arabia. 12
Fauna of Arabia. 25, Atlas of the breeding birds of Arabia
The fauna of India and the adjacent countries : Homoptera: Aphidoidea. Pt. 5, Subfamily Drepanosiphinae
Fauna of Saudi Arabia. 8
Reports of the Princeton University expeditions to Patagonia, 1896-1899. Vol. 3, Zoölogy : part 1, mammalia of southern Patagonia
Alien terrestrial arthropods of Europe. Pt. 1
Abstract.
Atlas of European birds
The objective of the study was to analyze how farmers' managerial thinking and management process effectiveness contribute to profitability of farming. A structural equation model of these two elements of management capacity and financial performance was applied on survey data and bookkeeping results from 117 dairy farms. The model explained one-fourth of the varying profitability of sample farms. The results show that farmers' managerial thinking is connected to farm profitability, but management process effectiveness is not. It was concluded that it is essential for good performance that the farmer has a clear vision of developing farming with business and investment plans. Successful farmers also have a firm confidence in their managerial skills, a strong emphasis on instrumental and intrinsic values, and a high appreciation of farming as occupation. They also see the farm as an entrepreneurial business unit and intend to follow the corresponding principles of management.
Entomologist's gazette
Fauna of Saudi Arabia. 1
The thick-billed murre population of the Thule district, Greenland
Moths of Nepal. Part 4
Fauna of Saudi Arabia. 6
Panbiogeography : or an introductory synthesis of zoogeography, phytogeography, and geology with notes on evolution, systematics, ecology, anthropology, etc.. Vol. 2b, The Old World (Continuation; Chapter XIX to General Addenda and Indices)
The ice age tracker's guide
The fauna of India and the adjacent countries : Homoptera: Aphidoidea. Pt. 3, Subfamily Pemphiginae
Winter range ecology of caribou (Rangifer tarandus)
Reports of the Princeton University expeditions to Patagonia, 1896-1899. Vol. 3, Zoology : part 5, non-marine Mollusca of Patagonia : part 6,  Crustacea of southern Patagonia : part 7, Hirudinea of southern Patagonia
Lakes and snails : environment and Gastropoda in 1500 Norwegian lakes, ponds and rivers
Journal of animal ecology
The mammals of Botswana
Fauna of Arabia. 24
Alien terrestrial arthropods of Europe. Pt. 2
Dynamic zoogeography : with special reference to land animals
The fauna of India including Pakistan, Burma and Ceylon : Mammalia. Vol. 3, Rodentia
Palaeobiogeography of marine fossil invertebrates : concepts and methods
Mammal species of the world : a taxonomic and geographic reference
Fauna of Saudi Arabia. 13
Zoologia Neocaledonica, 6 : biodiversity studies in New Caledonia
American mammals : their lives, habits, and economic relations
Fishes : an introduction to ichthyology
Trout of the world
The ants of Poland : with reference to the myrmecofauna of Europe
A birdwatcher's guide to Qatar
Contribution to a bibliography of Recent Texas mammals, 1981-1990
Mammals of central North Greenland
Geography has a long tradition in studies of geographical distribution of flora and fauna. Detailed mappings of the distributions of biota over wide regions can produce highly valuable biogeographical data, but are extremely laborious. These challenges in biogeographical mapping, as well as the need for mitigation tools for the adverse impacts of human disturbance on the landscape and biodiversity, have stimulated the development of new approaches for assessing biogeographical patterns. Particularly, the ability to model distribution patterns of organisms and habitat types has recently increased along with the theoretical and methodological development of biogeography and spatial ecology, and modern spatial techniques and extensive data sets (provided e.g., by earth observation techniques). However, geographical data have characteristics which produce statistical problems and uncertainties in these modelling studies: 1) the data are almost always multivariate and intercorrelated, 2) the data are often spatially autocorrelated, and 3) biogeographical distribution patterns are affected by different factors operating on different spatial and temporal scales. Especially remote sensing and geographic information data provide powerful means for studies of environmental change, but also include pitfalls and may generate biased results. Quantitative analysis and modelling with correct and strict use of spatial statistics should also receive more attention. The issues discussed in this paper can have relevance in several fields of application of geographical data.
Compendium of bivalves. 2, A full-color guide to the remaining seven families
Geographical variation in bird communities of old, intact forests in northern Finland
Fauna of Arabia. 20, Socotra archipelago
The fauna of India and the adjacent countries : Homoptera: Aphidoidea. Pt. 2, Sub-family Lachninae
Polar bear (Ursus maritimus) ecology and environmental considerations in the Canadian high arctic
Come on an amazing journey around the world, seeking out the weirdest and most wonderful animals! From the heights of the Himalayas to the deepest depths of the Pacific ocean, explore these 21 exciting places and meet the animals who live in them. Visit the jungle caves of Borneo, the Australian outback, the Arctic ice floes and many, many more!
Hug the bug : for love of true bugs ; Festschrift zum 70. Geburtstag von Ernst Heiss. Begleitbuch zur Ausstellung "Wanzen" im Biologiezentrum der Oberösterreichischen Landesmuseen Linz 13. Oktober 2006 bis 18. März 2007
Threatened animals of India
Fauna of Saudi Arabia. 7
Farmers' managerial thinking and management process effectiveness as factors of financial success on Finnish dairy farms
An atlas of speciation in African passerine birds
Biological invasions in Europe and the Mediterranean Basin
Usborne animal picture atlas
Field guide to the larger mammals of Africa
Panbiogeography : or an introductory synthesis of zoogeography, phytogeography, and geology with notes on evolution, systematics, ecology, anthropology, etc.. Vol. 1, The New World
Fauna of Arabia. 19
The fauna of India and the adjacent countries : Pisces. [Vol. 1], (Teleostomi). Sub-family Schizothoracinae
Ecological zoogeography of Northern European bird communities
Fauna of Saudi Arabia. 15
Fauna of Arabia. 18
The fauna of India and the adjacent countries : Larval trematodes of India. Pt. 2, Parapleurolophocerca and echinostome cercariae
Fauna of Saudi Arabia. 4
Continental drift, paleoclimatology, and the evolution and biogeography of birds
Living alongside the tiger : the fauna of the Lazovsky Zapovednik, Sikhote Alin
Skarby pryrody Belarusì : tèrytoryì, âkìâ maûc' mìžnarodnae značènne dlâ zahavannâ bìâlarìčnaj raznastajnascì = Treasures of Belarusian nature : areas of international significance for conservation of biological diversity
Zoologia Neocaledonica, 8 : biodiversity studies in New Caledonia
Fauna of Arabia. 21
An ecological and zoogeographical analysis of the Estonian fauna of Carabidae (Coleoptera)
Lizards of Brazilian Amazonia (Reptilia: Squamata)
Panbiogeography : tracking the history of life
Moths of Nepal. Part 5
The biogeography of ground beetles of mountains and islands
Birds and mammals of Ladakh
Fauna of Saudi Arabia. 2
Mammals of Russia and adjacent regions. Baleen whales
The amphibians and reptiles of Greece
Fauna of Saudi Arabia. 16
Fauna of Arabia. 22
Glimpses of animal life of Andaman & Nicobar Islands
The reptiles of the Western Palearctic : annotated checklist and distributional atlas of the turtles, crocodiles, amphisbaenians and lizards of Europe, North Africa, Middle East and Central Asia
Panbiogeography : or an introductory synthesis of zoogeography, phytogeography, and geology with notes on evolution, systematics, ecology, anthropology, etc.. Vol. 2a, The Old World (Chapters IX-XIII)
Zoogeography of the sea
Taxonomy, species richness and biogeography of Finnish crane flies (Diptera, Tipuloidea)
Recent developments in spatial methods and data in biogeographical distribution modelling - advantages and pitfalls
The encyclopedia of mammals
Recent sawfly research: synthesis and prospects
Fauna of Arabia. 17
Zoologia Neocaledonica, 7 : biodiversity studies in New Caledonia
Keys to the larvae of British Corixidae
The Smithsonian Institution African Mammal Project (1961-1972) : an annotated gazetteer of collecting localities and summary of its taxonomic and geographic scope
The fauna of India and the adjacent countries : Homoptera: Aphidoidea. Pt. 4, Subfamilies: Phloemyzinae, Anoeciinae and Hormaphidinae
Life aspects of two sympatric species of newts (Triturus, Amphibia) in Norway : with special emphasis on their ecological niche segregation
British Dixidae (meniscus midges) and Thaumaleidae (trickle midges) : keys with ecological notes
Fauna of Saudi Arabia. 3
Spacing behaviour of the Siberian flying squirrel : effects of landscape structure
The fauna of India and the adjacent countries : Pisces. Vol. 4, Teleostei - Cobitoidea : p. 1, Homalopteridae
Where the animals go
The fauna of India and the adjacent countries : Homoptera: Aphidoidea. Pt. 6, Subfamily Greenideinae
Studies on freshwater Entomostraca i Greenland. 6, The Entomostraca of the Kap Farvel Area, southernmost Greenland
Fishes of Estonia
Analysis of major and minor elements in molluscs from western Norway
Biogeography of the southern end of the world : distribution and history of far-southern life and land, with an assessment of continental drift
The fauna of India and the adjacent countries : Homoptera: Aphidoidea. Pt. 1, General introduction and sub-family Chaitophorinae
Fauna of Saudi Arabia. 5
Fauna of Saudi Arabia. 9
The new encyclopedia of mammals
Monograph of the oriental Agraeciini (Insecta, Ensifera, Tettigoniidae) : taxonomic revision, phylogeny, biogeography, stridulation and development
Circumpolar distribution and habitant requirements of moose (Alces alces)
Revision of the genus Phalops Erichson, 1848 (Coleoptera: Scarabaeidae: Onthophagini)
A review of African-Madagascan gekkonid lizard phylogeny and biogeography (Squamata)
Fauna of Arabia. 23
Habitat preference and breeding performance in four hole-nesting passerines at the northern limit of their range
The fauna of India and the adjacent countries : Orthoptera. Vol. 2, Grylloidea
The fauna of India and the adjacent countries : Platyhelminthes. Vol. 1, Trematoda
Woodlice in Britain and Ireland : distribution and habitat
British freshwater Megaloptera and Neuroptera : a key with ecological notes
Fauna of Saudi Arabia. 14
Fauna of Saudi Arabia. 10
An atlas of speciation in African non-passerine birds
Moths of Nepal. Part 6
The fauna of India and the adjacent countries : Pisces. Vol. 4, Teleostei - Cobitoidea : p. 2, Cobitidae
Expanding earth or natural catastrophism
Fauna of Saudi Arabia. 11
Sea shore animals of Andaman & Nicobar Islands
The fauna of India and the adjacent countries : Diptera. Vol. 7, Muscidae
Reports of the Princeton University expeditions to Patagonia, 1896-1899. Vol. 3, Zoölogy : part 4, catalogue of the fresh-water fishes of tropical and south temperate America
The amazing animal adventure : An around-the-world spotting expedition
Nat Geo wild animal atlas : earth's astonishing animals and where they live
Birds of Andaman & Nicobar Islands
Compendium of bivalves. 1
Diversity and zoogeography of continental mysid crustaceans
Insect life history patterns : habitat and geographic variation
