http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20186 video tapes
video tapes
The fundamental Gilbert and George
Grammar of the shot
Bauhaus : the face of the 20th century
The story of fashion. Vol. 3, The age of dissent
Vuoden huiput 99 = The best of the year 99
Balthus the painter
Single-camera video production
Paul Delvaux : the sleepwalker of saint-idesbald
Audio post-production in television and film : an introduction to technology and techniques
The Avid handbook : intermediate techniques, strategies, and survival information for Avid editing systems
Jasper Johns : ideas in paint
The Avid digital editing room handbook
Triumph of the will
CCTV, live and videotapes : how presentation mode affects the evaluation of witnesses
#We are the käpytalists!# : Rahkeen karistamo, Eno, 10. - 19.9.2010 / Liisa Haverila
Optimizing your Final Cut Pro system
Aalto : technology and nature
Image and video restoration with nonlocal transform-domain filtering
W. Eugene Smith : photography made difficult
Grammar of the edit
Artgenda 96 : København, 29. marts - 28. april 1996 = Copenhagen, March 29th - April 28th 1996
Multi-image design and production
Color correction for video : using desktop tools to perfect your image
David Hockney : pleasures of the eye
The story of fashion. Vol. 1, Remembrance of things past
Art of waste
Shifting time and space : the story of videotape
Marcel Duchamp : a game of chess
The world of the painter Paolo Veronese between art and inquisition
Video editing : a postproduction primer
Malcolm Morley : The outsider
The story of fashion. Vol. 2, The art and sport of fashion
Robert Rauschenberg : man at work
Lucio Fontana : reaching out into space
Jackson Pollock
Testimony
Anthony Caro
Video im Museum : Restaurierung und Erhaltung, neue Methoden der Präsentation, der Originalbegriff : internationales Symposium, Museum Ludwig Köln 9.9.2000 = Video arts in museums : restoration and preservation, new methods of presentation, the idea of th / Hg. = ed.: Reinhold Misselbeck, Martin Turck
Final Cut Pro 7
