http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20184 concordances
concordances
A Study on Text Variants in the "Letters of a Russian Traveler" by N. M. Karamzin : materials
Concordantia in Quinti Smyrnaei Posthomerica
Concordantia Thucydidea. Vol. 2, E-K
A word index to Plato
The Dead Sea scrolls concordance. Volume 3, Part 2, The Biblical texts from the Judean Desert
Reading concordances : an introduction
The NIV complete concordance : the complete concordance to the New International Version
Repertory of the homoeopathic materia medica with additions of George Vithoulkas : mind = Homeopaattisen materia medican oireittain järjestetty kokoelma George Vithoulkasin lisäyksin : mieli
The making of Chaucer's English : a study of words
Xenophontis operum Concordantiae. Vol. 5, Pars 1-2, Opuscula
A concordance to Caxton's Morte Darthur (1485)
The Roman inscriptions of Britain. Vol. 2, Instrumentum domesticum (personal belongings and the like): combined epigraphic indexes and concordance with major printed sources
Concordance to Ancrene wisse : MS Corpus Christi College Cambridge 402
A catalogue of amphibians and reptiles in older Scottish literature
Concordantia Macrobiana : a concordance to the Saturnalia of Ambrosius Theodosius Macrobius. Vol. 2, G-P
The making of Mauritian Creole : analyses diachroniques à partir des textes anciens
Concordantia Thucydidea. Vol. 3, L-O
Themistoclis epistularum concordantiae = A concordance to the "Letters of Themistocles"
The Dead Sea scrolls concordance. Volume 3, Part 1, The Biblical texts from the Judean Desert
Concordantia Homerica. Pars 2, Ilias : a computer concordance to the Van Thiel edition of Homer's Iliad, vol. 1-3
The Dead Sea scrolls concordance. Volume 1, Part 2, The non-biblical texts from Qumran
The vocabulary of the Old Testament
Concordantia in Mulomedicinam Chironis. Ps. 2, L-Z
A new concordance to the Canterbury tales : based on Blake's text edited from the Hengwrt manuscript
A concordance to the poetical works of John Milton
A lemmatized concordance to the prose works of A.S. Pushkin : Peter The Great's Blackamoor, The tales of Belkin and The Queen of spades
Xenophontis operum concordantiae. Vol. 3, Pars 1-2, Cyrupaedia
The Dead Sea scrolls concordance. Volume 1, Part 1, The non-biblical texts from Qumran
A Vedic concordance : being an alphabetic index to every line of every stanza of the published vedic literature and to the liturgical formulas thereof, that is an index to the vedic mantras, together with an account of their variations in the different vedic books
Concordantia in Auli Gellii Noctes Atticas = A lemmatized concordance to the Noctes Atticae of Aulus Gellius. Vol. 3, Q-Z
A concordance to the Septuagint and the other Greek versions of the Old Testament (including the Apocryphal books)
A concordance to the Middle English shorter poem
Concordantia Fulgentiana : a concordance of Fulgentius
The new Strong's exhaustive concordance of the Bible
A concordance to The York plays
Concordantia Thucydidea. Vol. 1, A-D
A complete concordance to the Vorau and Strassburg Alexander with a reverse index to the graphic forms, an index of rhymes and a ranking list of frequencies
A concordance to the poems of W. B. Yeats
The Harvard concordance to Shakespeare
Concordantia Macrobiana : a concordance to the Saturnalia of Ambrosius Theodosius Macrobius. Vol. 1, Introduction. A-F
Repertory of the homeopathic materia medica with additions of George Vithoulkas : mind = Homeopaattisen materia medican oireittain järjestetty kokoelma George Vithoulkasin lisäyksin : mieli
A new rime concordance to the Canterbury tales : based on Blake's text edited from the Hengwrt manuscript
Concordantia Macrobiana : a concordance to the Saturnalia of Ambrosius Theodosius Macrobius. Vol. 3, Q-Z
A lemmatized concordance to Letters of a Russian traveler of N.M. Karamzin
Concordantia in Mulomedicinam Chironis. Ps. 1, A-I
Texts and concordances of the Armenian Adam literature. Vol. 1, Genesis 1-4. Penitence of Adam. Book of Adam
Xenophontis operum concordantiae. Vol. 1, Pars 1-2, Hellenica
Concordances in the classroom : a resource guide for teachers
Concordantia Theognidea
A glossary of Kumarajiva's translation of the Lotus sutra : = Miaofa lianhua jing cidian
A concordance of the Phoenician history of Philo of Byblos
An index to the names in the Mahābhārata : with short explanations and a concordance to the Bombay and Calcutta editions and P. C. Roy's translation
Concordantia Thucydidea. Vol. 4, P-Q
Reader's Digest Family guide to the Bible : a concordance and reference companion to the King James Version
John Gower's poetic : the search for a new Arion
Incunabula in Dutch libraries : a census of fifteenth-century printed books in Dutch public collections
The Old Testament in Syriac : according to the Peshitta version = Vetus Testamentum syriace iuxta simplicem Syrorum versionem. Part 5, volume 1, Concordance : the Pentateuch
A complete concordance or verbal index to words, phrases and passages in the dramatic works of Shakespeare with a supplementary concordance to the poems
Collins COBUILD concordance samplers. 3, Reporting
Concordantia in Auli Gellii Noctes Atticas = A lemmatized concordance to the Noctes Atticae of Aulus Gellius. Vol. 1, Preface ; A-H
Xenophontis operum concordantiae. Vol. 2, Pars 1-2, Anabasis
A concordance to select homilies in MS Lambeth Palace 487 and MS Trinity College Cambridge B.14.52
Concordance to the letters of Emily Dickinson
Hebrew inscriptions : texts from the biblical period of the Monarchy
A concordance to the Fables and Tales of Jean de la Fontaine
The Heidegger concordance
Concordantia in Auli Gellii Noctes Atticas = A lemmatized concordance to the Noctes Atticae of Aulus Gellius. Vol. 2, I-P
