http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20157 organisational sociology
organisational sociology
Peopleware : productive projects and teams
American anti-management theories of organization : a critique of paradigm proliferation
In this volume we strive to go beyond the dual approach of power opposing structural/oversocialized perspectives and situational perspectives, through theoretical and empirical contributions stressing power as a. continuously 'living' phenomenon. In particular, the volume will address issues including integrating the various forms of power in Organization Sociology. How can we reconsider the exercise of power as polymorphic and multidimensional? What ontological and epistemological challenges are raised by an integrated perspective of power? How organizational power shapes intra-organizational practices and inter-organizational relations?
International encyclopedia of organization studies
The Sage handbook of organizational institutionalism
Stakeholders of the organizational mind
Individuals, groups, and organizations beneath the surface : an introduction
In The Very Idea of Organization Krijnen develops a new philosophical methodology for a social ontology in general and an organizational ontology in particular by rejuvenating the Kantian and Hegelian tradition of philosophy.
Oxford handbook of sociology, social theory and organization studies : contemporary currents
"This special volume brings together leading scholars in the field of organization studies to reflect on the universal phenomena of hierarchy (vertical organization of tasks) and bureaucracy (rule-bound execution of tasks). The result is a colorful kaleidoscope of thought-provoking, critical and refreshingly non-mainstream analysis of hierarchy and bureaucracy. The chapters range from minute accounts of a single case to broader historical analysis, from the 'classical' journal paper to essay-style elaborations. The first section provides fundamentals and historical accounts of bureaucracy, highlighting negative and positive effects of bureaucracy and a differentiated picture with some future outlook. The second section focuses on the analysis of organizational, cultural and socio-psychological aspects of hierarchy and bureaucracy by interrogating hierarchy in contemporary work via a new framework, exploring the cultural fantasy of hierarchy and sovereignty, and examining subordinates' challenges to organizational hierarchy. The final section comprises two chapters which provide some alternative views on, and alternatives to hierarchy. One is alarming, the other is puzzling." --Publisher's description.
Sociology, work and industry
Narcissistic process and corporate decay : the theory of the organization ideal
The garbage can model of organizational choice : looking forward at forty
Institutional logics in action. Part B
Networks, work and inequality
The quest for justice on the job : essays and experiments
The end of bureaucracy & the rise of the intelligent organization
Social organizations : interaction inside, outside and between organizations. Göran Ahrne
Revisiting organization theory : integration and deconstruction of gender and transformation of organization theory
The volume examines ongoing dynamics within the organizational fields of health care and higher education, as seen from an institutional theory perspective. To date, few studies have attempted to compare developments across these two critical societal sectors and actors.
Designing and managing organizations
People in organisations : an active learning approach
Organizational behaviour
Business in society : people, work and organization
Organizational behavior
This book examines the decision to speak out in organizations or to keep silent, the roles of fear and courage, and why increasing valid information and truth is central to individual and organizational health. Employees in organizations face countless daily situations in which they make a choice to speak up, exercise voice, or remain silent. Too many choose to remain silent. Others only tell supervisors what they want to hear, becoming yes men and women. Expressing one's voice increases individual health and well-being and enhances learning, quality and timeliness of decision making, work eng.
Individualisation at work : the self between freedom and social pathologies
The European Commission and bureaucratic autonomy : Europe's custodians
Journal of applied behavioral science
Research methods and organization studies
The design of organizations
"Some 20 years after the emergence of configurational theory as a key perspective in organization studies in the 1990s, this approach has yet to deliver on its promise. While we know that configurations the relative arrangement of parts and elements - matters, empirical research on configurations is just beginning to deliver on its promise." --Publisher's website.
Central currents in organization theory. 1, Frameworks and applications
Complex organizations : a sociological reader
The Wilder collaboration factors inventory : assessing your collaboration`s strengths and weaknesses
In this book the author develops a theory of power and organization, derived from a critical consideration of a literature extending across sociology, political science, philosophy and organization theory. The book raises and answers some of the issues which are important in the construction of a theoretical apparatus for the analysis of power and at the same time it proposes an alternative concept of organization, centred around the themes of power and control.
The study of total societies
Critical theory, public policy, and planning practice : toward a critical pragmatism
"This book examines the struggle of the European Union bureaucracy to maintain its autonomy in an increasingly complex institutional setting and adverse political environment. Using an original survey of nearly two hundred top European Commission officials, it shows that the European Union is a coherent organization that shares a common culture of supranationalism. The European Union's multicephalous structure of political authority limits the capacity of European politicians to curb the autonomy of the Commission but tends to undermine the legitimacy of the organization, which finds itself under persistent political attacks. These attacks inadvertently help the organization bolster its defenses against the external threats and trigger internal legitimation processes that reinforce the devotion of its employees to its institutional mission. The rich survey data show how Commission bureaucrats establish themselves as the "custodians of Europe." The book helps disentangle the complexity of the Commission and makes a contribution to the study of international bureaucracies, a topic that has received little attention"--
Relationship between perceived organizational support and willingness to pursue a career in the hospitality industry
Organization theory : critical and philosophical engagements
Sociology : social science and social concern
Municipal checks and county balances : the referral process for substance abusers
Power in organizations : proceedings of the First Annual Vanderbilt Sociology Conference, March 27-28 1969, Nashville, Tennessee
Management thinkers
The environment/organization/person contingency model : a meso approach to the study of organizations
Self-organization and management of social systems : insights, promises, doubts, and questions
Organizations : rational, natural and open systems
Qualitative methods and analysis in organizational research : a practical guide
Towards a comparative institutionalism : forms, dynamics and logics across the organizational fields of health care and higher education
Towards a philosophy of administration
Sociological paradigms and organisational analysis : elements of the sociology of corporate life
Religion and organization theory
Organizational communication : approaches and processes
Communicating and Organizing in Context integrates Giddens' structuration theory with Goffman's interaction order and develops a new theoretical base--the theory of structurational interaction--for the analysis of communicating and organizing. Both theorists emphasize tacit knowledge, social routines, context, social practices, materiality, frames, agency, and view communication as constitutive of social life and of organizing. Thus their integration in structurational interaction provides a coherent, communication-centric approach to analyzing communicating, organizing and their interrelationships. This book will be a valuable resource for students and scholars as an orientation to the field of organizational communication and as an integration of organizing and communicating. It will also be useful for practitioners as a tool for understanding how conceptual frames limit possibilities and constitute the nature of organizing and members' participation in organizations.
Formal organizations : a comparative approach
Complex organizations and their environments
Changing the structure and functioning of an organization : report of a field experiment
The applicability of organizational sociology
Managing behavior in organizations : science in service to practice
Modern organizations
Organizations
Voice and whistleblowing in organisations : overcoming fear, fostering courage and unleashing candour
Professional dominance : the social structure of medical care
Hyper-organization' offers an institutional explanation for the expansion of formal organization in the contemporary era-in numbers, internal complexity, social domains, and national contexts. Much expansion is hard to justify in terms of technical production or political power, it lies in areas such as protecting the environment, promoting marginalized groups, or behaving with transparency. The authors argue that expansion is supported by widespread cultural rationalization characterized by scientism, rights and empowerment discourses, and an explosion of education. These cultural changes are transmitted through legal, accounting, and professionalization principles, driving the creation of new organizations and the elaboration of existing ones. The resulting organizations are constructed to be proper social actors, as much as functionally effective entities. They are painted as autonomous and integrated but depend heavily on external definitions to sustain this depiction. So expansion creates organizations that are, whatever their actual effectiveness, structurally arational. This book advances theories of social organization in three main ways.
The economics of organisation and bureaucracy. Vol. 2
The sociology of organizations : basic studies
Social psychology in organizations : advances in theory and research
Harnessing complexity : organizational implications of a scientific frontier
Human behavior at work : organizational behavior
Complex organizations : a critical essay
The sociology of organizations : themes, perspectives and prospects
Business anthropology
Sources of national institutional competitiveness : sensemaking in institutional change
The theory of social and economic organization
On some social influences of the military organization
The Social organisation of healthcare work
Great writers on organizations
Hyper-organization : global organizational expansion
Change in organizations : new perspectives on theory, research, and practice
Perceived organizational support : fostering enthusiastic and productive employees
Technology and organization : power, meaning and design
The human organization : its management and value
Complex organizations : a sociological perspective
The prison : studies in institutional organization and change
The university under pressure
Organizational socialization : joining and leaving organizations
Organizational change : the effect of successful leadership
Gender, identity and the culture of organizations
Theories of organization
The economics of organisation and bureaucracy. Vol. 3
Rethinking power in organizations, institutions, and markets
Power and involvement in organizations : an empirical examination of Etzioni's compliance theory
Advances in social & organizational psychology : a tribute to Ralph Rosnow
The legalistic organization
Empowerment in organizations : how to spark exceptional performance
Diffusion of innovations
Research on negotiation in organizations. Volume 7
Images of organization
The structuring of work in organizations
A Weberian analysis of business groups and financial markets : trade relations in Taiwan and Korea and some major stock exchanges
Work identity at the end of the line? : privatisation and culture change in the UK rail industry
Readings and exercises in organizational behavior
Social analysis : a marxist critique and alternative
Changing organizations : essays on the development and evolution of human organization
Communication behavior in organizations
Structure and process in modern societies
Handbook of organizational behavior
Organization development : a process of learning and changing
A sociology of organisations
The hungry spirit
Organization theory and design
Do organizations have feelings?
Staff in organization
A primer on social movements
Social movements and organization theory
Hidden conflict in organizations : uncovering behind-the-scenes disputes
A comparative analysis of complex organizations : on power, involvement, and their correlates
Research in the sociology of organizations : a research annual
Organizations and organization theory
The power position of Human Resource Management in finnish organisations
Configurational theory and methods in organizational research
The invisible bureaucracy : the unconscious in organizational problem solving
Are we thinking straight? : the politics of straightness in a lesbian and gay social movement organization
The sociology of formal organizations
Job insecurity : coping with jobs and risk
On organizational learning
The civilized organization : Norbert Elias and the future of organization studies
In the shadow of organization
Capacity-building for community organisations
Organisational functioning : a behavioral analysis
The theory of power and organization
Sociology, work & industry
Asylums : essays on the social situation of mental patients and other inmates
For Robert Cooper : collected work
Managing computer impact : an international study of management and organizations
Mining group gold : how to cash in on the collaborative brain power of a group
Elgar introduction to organizational discourse analysis
Institutions and ideals : Philip Selznick's legacy for organizational studies
Exploring organizational behavior : cases, readings and experiences
Knowledge and practice in business and organisations
The handbook of organizational economics
On the nature of organizations
Management : concepts and applications
The concept of trust : an interdisciplinary literature review and analysis
Collaborative communities of firms : purpose, process, and design
The Blackwell companion to organizations
Inertia and innovation
Interdisciplinary perspectives on organization studies
The caterpillar doesn't know : how personal change drivers organizational change
Power and politics in organizations
Central currents in organization studies. 2, Contemporary trends
Lost in familiar places : creating new connections between the individual and society
Dynamics of organizational populations : density, legitimation, and competition
Volunteers : the organizational behavior of unpaid workers
Leadership in organizations
Organization theory : challenges and perspectives
On social organization and social personality : selected papers
Communicating and organizing in context : the theory of structurational interaction
Reinventing hierarchy and bureaucracy : from the bureau to network organizations
Permanently failing organizations
The quest for the self-actualizing organization
Overcoming the institutional obstacles of industrial recycling
Social control in industrial organisations : industrial relations and industrial sociology: a strategic and occupational study of British steelmaking
Promotion of Values in a Multinational Enterprise
Groups and organizations : integrated readings in the analysis of social behavior
Institutional logics in action. Part A
In the realm of organization : essays for Robert Cooper
Book presents organizational communication from both a communication and managerial perspective. Professor Miller's clear writing style and consistent use of examples and case studies result in a text that undergraduate students will find easy to understand.
The very idea of organization : social ontology today : Kantian and Hegelian reconsiderations
Reframing human resource management : power, ethics and the subject at work
Organization theory & design
Globalisation, lifelong learning and the learning society : sociological perspectives
"Sociology, Work and Industry has been restructured and updated throughout. It includes a newly written opening chapter which, in addition to explaining the distinctiveness of the sociological perspective, provides guidance on researching and analysing work practices and institutions. It will be essential reading for anybody studying the sociology of work, work organisations and industry."--BOOK JACKET.
Sociology, work, and industry
The economics of organisation and bureaucracy. Vol. 1
Organizational analysis : a sociological view
The evaluation society
Essential concepts in sociology
Socio-technical design : strategies in multidisciplinary research
This text provides a comprehensive survey of the major theories and research on leadership and managerial effectiveness in formal organizations with practical suggestions for improving leadership skills.
Organizational behaviour : an introductory text : instructor's manual
Dialogue in organizations : developing relational leadership
Music learning in Costa Rica : a postcolonial institutional ethnography
Organizations : structures, processes, and outcomes
