http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20153 perch
perch
Size-dependent performance and ontogenetic niche shifts
Correlation between the size of mature female perch (Perca fluviatilis L.) and the width of their egg strands in Lake Geneva
Empirical analysis of the influence of environmental variables associated with lake eutrophication on perch growth, consumption, and activity rates
The influence of visual conditions on young percids (Percidae spp.)
Occurrence and life cycles of Dermocystidium species (Mesomycetozoa) in the perch (Perca fluviatilis) and ruff (Gymnocephalus cernuus) (Pisces: Perciformes) in Finland and Estonia
Coastal fish monitoring in Baltic reference areas 2000
Percina kathae, a new logperch endemic to the mobile basin in Mississippi, Alabama, Georgia, and Tennessee (Percidae, Etheostomatini)
Recruitment failure and decreasing catches of perch (Perca fluviatilis L.) and pike (Esox lucius L.) in the coastal waters of southeast Sweden
Coastal fish monitoring in Baltic reference areas 1999
Percina suttkusi, a new species of logperch (subgenus Percina) from Louisiana, Mississippi, and Alabama (Perciformes, Percidae, Etheostomatini)
This work focuses on an important group of temperate freshwater fish, approaching the topic from the perspectives of both biology and aquaculture. It compiles the latest research on fish belonging to the Percidae family and describes in detail all biological aspects relevant to the culture of different species, including ecology, reproductive physiology, feeding and nutrition, genetics, immunology, stress physiology and behavior. It also considers commercial fish production and fish farming topics, such as protocols for induction of gonad maturation, spawning, incubation and larval rearing. Expert contributors not only provide a critical peer review of scientific literature but also original research data, and identify effective practical techniques. The book features chapters on systematics, ecology and evolution, on development, metabolism and husbandry of early life stages and on growth, metabolism, behavior and husbandry of juvenile and grow-out stages. Furthermore, the authors consider genetic improvement and domestication, as well as diseases and health management, crucial to the readers' understanding of these fish and how they can be cultured.
The group lp 696
Long-term reproductive and physiological effects of acidity and aluminium on three fish species studied in the laboratory and field
Monitoring in Baltic coastal reference areas 1997 : catches of perch, roach and viviparous blenny
Early life stages of percid fishes : minutes of the Percis II working group
Does density-dependent individual growth simplify dynamics in age-structured populations? : a general model applied to perch, Perca fluviatilis
FAO species catalogue. Vol. 14, Sillaginid fishes of the world (family Sillaginidae) : an annotated and illustrated catalogue of the sillago, smelt or Indo-Pacific whiting species known to date
Zootechnical performance and body composition of Perca fluvitilis pelleted diet in a floating cage: effect of daily ration
Fishes of the darkness : water colour-regulated competitive interactions in humic lakes
Between enchantment and alienation / Markku Paasonen
Antipredator behaviour of Baltic planktivores
Manual on hatchery production of seabass and gilthead seabream. Vol. 2
Damselfishes of the world
Recent introduction of the ruffe (Gymnocephalus cernuus) to three United Kingdom lakes containing Coregonus species
Intraguild predation and cannibalism in age-0 perch (Perca fluviatilis) and age-0 zander (Stizostedion lucioperca): interactions with zooplankton succession, prey fish availability and temperature
Intra-cohort variation in the individual size of juvenile pikeperch, Stizostedion lucioperca, and perch, Perca fluviatilis, in relation to the size spectrum of their food items
Marketing of aquacultured seabass and seabream from the Mediterranean basin
Effects of predation and fish stock management on the abundance of larval vendace : experimental and field evidence in a large oligotrophic lake
Relationships between stocking density, growth, cannibalism and survival rate in intensively cultured larvae and juvenils of perch (Perca fluviatilis
Darwin's dreampond : drama in Lake Victoria
Migration and growth of pearch, Perca fluviatilis (L.) in the northern Archipelago sea and Helsinki sea area
Capture-based aquaculture : the fattening of eels, groupers, tunas and yellowtails
A reexamination of the phylogenetic relationships of the sand darters (Teleostei: Percidae)
Impact of forest harvesting on larval and juvenile growth of yellow perch (Perca flavescens) in boreal lakes
Reproductive behaviour of a monogamous cichlid fish Tilapia mariae
Occurrence and impact of Heteropolaria sp. (Protozoa, Ciliophora) on intensively cultured perch (Perca fluviatilis)
Analysis of DDT- and PCB-type compounds low level in fish with reference to pike, perch and bream in lake Päijänne
Percina austroperca : a new species of logperch (Percidae, subgenus Percina) from the Choctawhatchee and Escambia Rivers in Alabama and Florida
Occurrence of parasitic ciliates (Protozoa) on perch (Perca fluviatilis) in Lake Vlasinsko
Relative abundance, diet and growth of perch (Perca fluviatilis) and roach (Rutilus rutilus) at Tvärminne, northern Baltic Sea, in 1975 and 1997 : responses to eutrophication?
The most complete colored lexicon of cichlids : every known cichlid illustrated in color
Review of Atlantic and Eastern Pacific anthiine fishes (Teleostei: Perciformes: Serranidae), with descriptions of two new genera
Evidence of interactions between walleye and yellow perch in New York State lakes
Cell and tissue changes in perch (Perca fluviatilis) and roach (Rutilus rutilus) in relation to water quality
Percis II : symposium program, abstracts
Environmental influence of Hg and 137Cs levels in perch (Perca fluviatilis L.) and roach (Rutilus rutilus L.) from circumneutral lakes
Manual on hatchery production of seabass and gilthead seabream. Vol. 1
Recovery of the perch (Perca fluviatilis) in an acidified lake and subsequent responses in macroinvertebrates and the goldeneye (Bucephala clangula)
Coastal fish monitoring in Baltic reference areas 1998
Biology and culture of percid fishes : principles and practices
Swimming activity of perch, Perca fluviatilis, in relation to temperature, day-length and consumption
Offshore cichlids of Lake Malawi
Four fish : the future of the last wild food
The growth responses of fish to differences in acidity-related lake characteristics and fish species composition
The role of perch (Perca fluviatilis L.) in the food web of the long term biomanipulated Bautzen reservoir
Growth and production of perch (Perca fluviatilis L.) responding to biomass removal
Limnological responses to the collapse of the perch population in a small lake
Population structure and production of the perch, Perca fluviatilis L., in lake Kiutajärvi, NE-Finland
PERCIS II : Second International Percid Fish Symposium, Vaasa, Finland, 21-25 August 1995
Genetic diversity of endemic fish in Lake Malawi and Lake Tanganyika
Year-class fluctuations of perch (Perca fluviatilis) in Lake Pyhäjärvi, Southwest Finland
Troubled by the humics : effects of water colour and interspecific competition on the feeding efficiency of planktivorous perch
Heavy metals in perch (Perca fluviatilis) from the Kostomuksha region (North-western Karelia, Russia)
Plasticity in maturity and fecundity of yellow perch, Perca flavescens (Mitchill): comparisons of stunted and normal-growing populations
Growth and population structure of perch in relation to diet in a small humic lake, Valkea-Kotinen
Acidification and ecological interactions at higher trophic levels in small forest lakes: the perch and the common goldeneye
Patterns and processes of littoral zooplankton composition in relation to the trophic state of the environment
Perch (Perca fluviatilis) as a factor in recruitment variations of vendace (Coregonus albula) in lake Konnevesi, Finland
Genetic study of genus Sebastes (redfish) in the North Atlantic with emphasis on the stock complex in the Irminger Sea
Growth regulation and stress responsiveness in juvenile Eurasian perch (Perca fluviatilis) and yellow perch (P. flavescens)
Environmental monitoring of refuse dump leachate toxicity in fish
Fishing in Finland
Summary.
Production of chemical alarm cues in convict cichlids: the effects of diet, body condition and ontogeny
Ecotoxicity of pulp and paper mill effluents in fish : responses at biochemical, individual, population and community levels
On the ecology of perch, Perca fluviatilis L., in acid waters of southern Finland
Tilapia : a guide to their biology & culture in Africa
Fleet support services : Mikko Ahvenlahti takes care of cargo securing equipment
The rate of early development in perch Perca fluviatilis L. and ruffe Gymnocephalus cernuus (L.) at different temperatures
Distribution and diel vertical migration of Eurasian perch (Perca fluviatilis L.) during winter
Diet of perch (Perca fluviatilis) in Lake Höytiäinen, eastern Finland : does predation by perch have an effect on recruitment of vendace (Coregonus albula)?
Structure of the perch populations of some ponds in Finland
Monitoring in Baltic coastal reference areas 1996 : composition of fish communities
The commercial utilization of small perch (Perca fluviatilis L.) in Finnish inland fisheries
Seasonal variation in weight and activity of the freshwater fishes Perca fluviatilis L. and Esox lucius L.
