http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20192 educational sociology
educational sociology
At the margins of adult education, work and civil society : International conference  19-22.5.2005, Joensuu Finland
Educational studies: a second level course : Decision-making in British education systems. Units 8, 9 and 10, Politics, philosophy and economics in education
Contested past, disputed present : curricula and teaching in Israeli and Palestinian schools
Emerging teachers and globalisation
Bring it to class : unpacking pop culture in literacy learning
Education and the social order
Frontiers in higher education
Abstract.
Evaluating collaboration networks in higher education research : drivers of excellence
Education and the good society
Culture, ideology and knowledge
Politics and policy making in education : explorations in policy sociology
People in context : measuring person-environment congruence in education and industry
Schools, pupils and deviance
Contemporary theories and practice in education
Disability matters : pedagogy, media and affect
Care in education : teaching with understanding and compassion
School and society : a sociological reader
Human capital or cultural capital? : ethnicity and poverty groups in an urban school district
Educational administration and organizational behavior
Schools and society : a reader in education and sociology
Trading in futures : why markets in education don't work
Schooling as a ritual performance : towards a political economy of educational symbols and gestures
Helvetius : his life and place in the history of educational thought
Language, schools and classrooms
Educability, schools and ideology
The limits and possibilities of schooling : an introduction to the sociology of education
Worlds apart : readings for a sociology of education
Sociologies of childhood and educational thinking
Contemporary capacity-building in educational contexts
Critical social issues in American education : democracy and meaning in a globalizing world
Concepts and theories in sociology of education
The Israeli-Palestinian conflict in history and civics textbooks of both nations
Democracy, lifelong learning and the learning society : active citizenship in a late modern age
Education, economy and society : a reader in the sociology of education
Social origins of educational systems
Between global and local : adult learning and development
Wheels in the head : educational philosophies of authority, freedom, and culture from Socrates to Paulo Freire
Power, voice and the public good : schooling and education in global societies
Children's bodies in schools : corporeal performances of social class
Academic freedom in an age of conformity : confronting the fear of knowledge
Class, codes and control. 3, Towards a theory of educational transmissions
Sociology of education
Social change and the transformation of educational control
"The secrets behind China's extraordinary educational system - good, bad, and ugly, Chinese students' consistently stunning performance on the international PISA exams--where they outscore students of all other nations in math, reading, and science--have positioned China as a world education leader. American educators and pundits have declared this a "Sputnik Moment," saying that we must learn from China's education system in order to maintain our status as an education leader and global superpower. Indeed, many of the reforms taking hold in United States schools, such as a greater emphasis on standardized testing and the increasing importance of core subjects like reading and math, echo the Chinese system. We're following in China's footsteps--but is this the direction we should take? Who's Afraid of the Big Bad Dragon? by award-winning writer Yong Zhao offers an entertaining, provocative insider's account of the Chinese school system, revealing the secrets that make it both "the best and worst" in the world.Born and raised in China's Sichuan province and a teacher in China for many years, Zhao has a unique perspective on Chinese culture and education. He explains in vivid detail how China turns out the world's highest-achieving students in reading, math, and science--yet by all accounts Chinese educators, parents, and political leaders hate the system and long to send their kids to western schools. Filled with fascinating stories and compelling data, Who's Afraid of the Big Bad Dragon? offers a nuanced and sobering tour of education in China. Learn how China is able to turn out the world's highest achieving students in math, science, and reading Discover why, despite these amazing test scores, Chinese parents, teachers, and political leaders are desperate to leave behind their educational system Discover how current reforms in the U.S. parallel the classic Chinese system, and how this could help (or hurt) our students' prospects "--
Sociology and education : issues in sociology of education
"This book will provide an introduction to social justice from the perspective of the major topics that affect school psychology practice"--
The politics of life in schools : power, conflict, and cooperation
Gramsci and educational thought
Academic distinctions : theory and methodology in the sociology of school knowledge
Society and education
Education in society : the Promethean fire : a new essay in the sociology of education
Parenting, schooling and children's behaviour
On sociology of the classroom
Social theory in education primer
Strategies for school improvement : cooperative planning and organization development
School experience : explorations in the sociology of education
"Many contemporary concerns in higher education focus on the student experience of learning, battling with the dual concerns of a larger and much more diverse intake than ever before and the limitation of funding; questions are being asked afresh around the purposes of higher education. As much as the central questions in higher education focus on student enrolment in programmes, student retention, progression and success, graduate fitness for work, the actual student tends to be absent in so much of this rhetoric and even scholarly literature. The central questions are then of grading, selection, conversion and efficiency but these analyses have not really yielded much apart from providing some indication that the system is hugely inefficient. This book turns this conversation on its head, by inserting a full consideration of student participation into the context of higher education. Working sociologically, it explores the influence of the social context on what the individual student achieves. It utilises a social realist approach to researching student learning, illustrating its potential value by a detailed exploration of student learning within one particular discipline: engineering education "--
Critical theories, radical pedagogies, and social education : new perspectives for social studies education
Encyclopedia of children and childhood : in history and society. Volume 3 S-Z, primary sources, index
An introduction to the sociology of education
Education, class language and ideology
Education and anthropology
Growing up in society
Critical education in the new information age
Schools and societies
The sociology of teaching
Indigenous knowledges, development and education
Sociology of education : an introduction
Sociological interpretations of schooling and classrooms : a re-appraisal
The social construction of virtue : the moral life of schools
APA style simplified : writing in psychology, education, nursing, and sociology
Social objectives in educational planning
History - citizenship - future : their relationship and constitution in society and education
Sociological theories of education
Sociological foundation of education
Cultural miseducation : in search of a democratic solution
Journal of environmental education
Music learning in Costa Rica : a postcolonial institutional ethnography
Creativity and democracy in education : practices and politics of learning through the arts
The sociology of education
Eighty thousand adolescents : a study of young people in the City of Birmingham
Fifty years of anthropology and education, 1950-2000 : a Spindler anthology
History education in the formation of social identity : toward a culture of peace
The process of schooling : A sociological reader
Against capitalist education : what is education for?
Critical pedagogy primer
The sociology of education in Canada : critical perspectives
Social control and education
Teaching in a pluralistic society : concepts, models, strategies
The sociology of education : a sourcebook
Class, codes and control. 2, Applied studies towards a sociology of language
Educating beyond violent futures
Hightown grammar : the school as a social system
American educational sociology from 1890 to 1950 : a sociological analysis
Life in schools : an introduction to critical pedagogy in the foundations of education
Making spaces : citizenship and difference in schools
The way schools work : a sociological analysis of education
Bourdieu for educators : policy and practice
Social theory and education research. Volume 1-4
The subaltern speak : curriculum, power, and educational struggles
Homophobic bullying : research and theoretical perspectives
Education and society : a reader
Promotion of social awareness : powerful lessons from the partnership of developmental theory and classroom practice
The school and society
Class, codes and control. 1, Theoretical studies towards a sociology of language
The hidden curriculum : reproduction in education, a reappraisal
The RoutledgeFalmer reader in sociology of education
Teacher strategies : explorations in the sociology of the school
Re-becoming universities? : higher education institutions in networked knowledge societies
Positioning subjects : psychoanalysis and critical educational studies
Performativity in education : an international collection of ethnographic research on learners' experiences
Culture and teaching
Education : structure and society : selected readings
Constructing educational achievement : a sociocultural perspective
"The second edition of the Critical Pedagogy Primer not only introduces the topic but also provides a vision for the future of the critical pedagogy. Kincheloe's notion of an "evolving criticality" makes sure that critical pedagogy will continue to be a vibrant and creative force that makes a powerful difference in education and in the world in general. As it prepares readers for the challenges of the future, it focuses on the traditions and individuals who have helped construct the discipline. This attention to the past and the future provides readers with an introduction unlike most initiations into academic disciplines. In a richly textured but direct manner, Kincheloe captures the spirit of critical pedagogy in a language accessible to diverse audiences. Both the uninitiated and those with experience in critical pedagogy can learn from this perspective on the field."--BOOK JACKET.
The social psychology of education : an introduction and guide to its study
Researching student learning in higher education : a social realist approach
"Despite the widespread acknowledgement that how people and groups understand their history plays a key role in the formation of their social identity, there has heretofore been only limited research on the mechanisms that bring this about. This book examines the critical points in identity formation that history education helps to create. It establishes how history curricula and textbooks shape the identities of their readers through their portrayals of borders and boundaries between social groups, their depictions of relations between minority and majority groups, the value systems they embody, the leaders they hold up as exemplars, and the stories they choose to tell. Korostelina shows how all these attributes of history curricula can be harnessed to reduce conflict attitudes and intentions and create a culture of peace, beginning with the history curriculum"--
From exclusion to self-selection : citizenship and examination of behaviour in Finnish elementary and comprehensive schooling from the 1860s to the 1990s
Educational studies: a second level course. E202 Schooling and society : Block VI: Alternatives?. Unit 32, Review of the course
Education and the social condition
Sociological perspectives on school and education
"Using Vygotsky's theory as a conceptual framework to "construct" school achievement, this book discusses the variability in the psychological development of the child resulting from their interaction with their environment. This discussion constructs an empirical image of the academically achieving child in different sociocultural contexts, helping to explain the sociocultural bases of differences in school achievement. This discussion also provides includes implications for classroom practice and educational systems"--
Moral education : a study in the theory and application of the sociology of education
There is urgent need for adults to re-think their ideas about childhood. Sociological approaches to childhood are needed as key contributions to improve basic conceptual thinking about how society works; as a matter of social justice; and as theoretical bases for educational reforms. Children have been traditionally understood in the education system as immature, incompetent, morally suspect pupils. Sociological thinking can help reconceptualise them as people to be respected; as knowledgeable, critical, competent participants in learning. Universities have an important role in providing opportunities for studients to study sociological approaches to childhood.
The discipline book : a complete guide to school and classrom management
Sociology of education abstracts
Gender equity in South African education 1994-2004 : perspectives from research, government and unions : conference proceedings
Educational studies: a second level course. E202 Schooling and society : Block VI: Alternatives?. Unit 31, Liberal and radical alternatives : a critique
Class, codes and control. Vol. 3, Towards a theory of educational transmissions
Inequality/difference : a sociology of education
Masculinity and education
The sociology of education : an introduction
Teacher thinking in cultural contexts
Pupil strategies : explorations in the sociology of the school
Readings in the theory of educational systems
The sociology of the school
Cultural proficiency : a manual for school leaders
Education in comparative and international perspectives
Schoolteacher : a sociological study
The social agenda of the school
Educational studies: a second level course. E202 Schooling and society : Block I: Schooling and capitalism. Units 2-3, Mass schooling
Sociology of education : an anthology of issues and problems
Knowledge and control : new directions for the sociology of education
New directions in social theory, education and embodiment
Teaching social skills to children : innovative approaches
Contemporary research in the sociology of education : a selection of contemporary research papers together with some of the formative writings of the recent past
Education and sociology
Indigenous educational models for contemporary practice : in our mother's voice, Vol. 2
The struggle to establish more democratic education pedagogies has a long history in the politics of mainstream education. This book argues for the significance of the creative arts in the establishment of social justice in education, using examples drawn from a selection of contemporary case studies including Japanese applied drama, Palestinian teacher education and Room 13 children's contemporary art. Jeff Adams and Allan Owens use their research in practice to explore creativity conceptually, historically and metaphorically within a variety of UK and international contexts, which are analysed using political and social theories of democratic and relational education. Each chapter discusses the relationship between models of democratic creativity and the cultural conditions in which they are practised, with a focus on new critical pedagogies that have developed in response to neoliberalism and marketization in education. The book is structured throughout by the theories, practices and the ideals that were once considered to be foundational for education: democratic citizenship and a just society.
Research in sociology of education and socialization
School and society
Encyclopedia of children and childhood : in history and society. Volume 2 F-R
This book identifies key factors that drive the development and improvement of higher education research in emerging and advanced economies. In an increasingly interconnected world, knowledge production supported by strong research is a channel for the development of nations. The authors of this book argue that in order to drive knowledge production, leaders must strive to improve their understanding of how global research networks interact with one another, especially from the perspective of internationalization. This book is a useful resource for higher education researchers interested in knowledge production and dissemination as well as academic leaders and practitioners, students, and leaders interested in public administration policies and management.
Sociological interpretations of education
A sociology of educating
Sociology, education and schools : an introduction to the sociology of education
The book brings the revolutionary research and thinking of Pierre Bourdieu (1930-2002) of France to public educational leaders in North America, Canada, Australia, and the U.K. This text brings Bourdieu's work into the arena of elementary and secondary educational reform and change, and offers policy, research, and practice discussions. Authors Fenwick W. English and Cheryl L. Bolton use Bourdieu to challenge the standards movement in different countries, the current vision of effective management, and the open-market notion connecting pay to performance. The text shows that connecting pay to performance won't improve education for the poorest group of school students in the U.S., Canada, or the U.K., regardless of how much money is spent trying to erase the achievement gap. The authors lay out the bold educational agenda of Pierre Bourdieu by demonstrating that educational preparation must take into account larger socioeconomic-political realities in order for educational change and reform to make an impact.
Teachers, ideology and control : a study in urban education
Assessment, schools and society
Education research in the public interest : social justice, action, and policy
A sociology of education
An introduction to the study of education
The gifted in socioeducational perspective
The New Press education reader : leading educators speak out
Educational studies: a second level course. E202 Schooling and society : Block IV: Processes of selection. Units 21 & 22, Diagnosis and testing
Jules Henry on education
School and the social order
Bourdieu and education : acts of practical theory
Reflections on the future development of education
Education, democracy and discourse
Reimagining liberal education : affiliation and inquiry in democratic schooling
The curriculum and cultural reproduction I ; The curriculum and cultural reproduction II ; Revision II
Universities, once at the forefront of campaigns for intellectual liberty, are now bastions of conformity. This provocative book traces the demise of academic freedom within the context of changing ideas about the purpose of the university and the nature of knowledge and is a passionate call to arms for the power of academic thought today.
The sociology of education : a bibliography
The best of primary education? : a sociological study of junior middle schools
Who's afraid of the big bad dragon? : why China has the best (and worst) education system in the world
Class, codes and control. Volume 4, The structuring of pedagogic discourse
Sociology and education
School psychology and social justice : conceptual foundations and tools for practice
A sociology of education : access to power and privilege
Social reconstruction : people, politics, perspectives
The dynamics and social outcomes of education systems
Assessment, equity, and opportunity to learn
Theory and resistance in education : a pedagogy for the opposition
Neoliberalism and education in the Americas
Educational research : difference and diversity
Cultural action for freedom
Educational studies: a second level course. E202 Schooling and society : Block I: Schooling and capitalism. Unit 4, Legitimacy and control
Perspectives on the sociology of education : an introduction
Cultural and economic reproduction in education : essays on class, ideology and the state
A sociological approach to education : a revision of community backgrounds of education
Adolescents at school : perspectives on youth, identity, and education
Rationality, education and the social organization of knowledge : papers for a reflexive sociology of education
The sociology of education : introductory analytical perspectives
Genre and institutions : social processes in the workplace and school
The question of whose perspective, experience and history is privileged in educational institutions has shaped curriculum debates for decades. In this collection, Michael W. Apple and Kristen L. Buras interrogate the notion that some knowledge is worth more than others. The Subaltern Speak combines an analysis of the ways in which various forms of power now operate, with a specific focus on spaces in which subaltern groups act to reassert their own perceived identities, cultures and histories.
Pedagogy and the shaping of consciousness : linguistic and social processes
The structural context of teaching
Education and equality
The social context of learning and development
"This challenging and provocative book reimagines the justification, substance, process, and study of education in open, pluralistic, liberal democratic societies. Hanan Alexander argues that educators need to enable students to embark on a quest for intelligent spirituality, while paying heed to a pedagogy of difference. Through close analysis of the work of such thinkers as William James, Charles Taylor, Elliot Eisner, Michael Oakeshott, Isaiah Berlin, Martin Buber, Michael Apple and Terrence McLaughlin, Reimagining Liberal Education offers an account of school curriculum and moral and religious instruction that throws new light on the possibilities of a nuanced, rounded education for citizenship. Divided into three parts - Transcendental Pragmatism in Educational Research, Pedagogy of Difference and the Other Face of Liberalism, and Intelligent Spirituality in the Curriculum, this is a thrilling work of philosophy that builds upon the author's award-winning text Reclaiming Goodness: Education and the Spiritual Quest"--
