http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20177 principal lecturers
principal lecturers
Abstract.
Teaching in higher education : from content-focused to learning-focused approaches to teaching
Mentored teaching practice supporting the professional development of student teachers.
Widening identities, developing competences : a pilot program for general pedagogical competence of HE teachers
Reflective faculty evaluation : enhancing teaching and determining faculty effectiveness
Teaching well and liking it : motivating faculty to teach effectivily
The enquiring university teacher
Enacting a pedagogy of teacher education : values, relationships and practices
Final report of the project "Development of university education in mathematics and exact sciences via trilateral co-operation", chemistry = Yliopistojen kansainvälisen LUMA-hankkeen loppuraportti, kemia = Slutrapport för universitetens internationella LUMA-projekt, kemi
Wirzén was the last Demonstrator in Botany (1839-1852) at Alexander University, elsinki, Finland. His main duty was to instruct medical students on the subject of medicinal plants. He gave also lectures on officinal plants and plant taxonomy, and private lessons on plant physiology. He supervised six theses. In his own dissertation were given several erroneous records concerning vascular plants distributions in Finland. However, it was the first attemp to define the borders of biogeographical Finland. In 1833-1835 he studied Russian flora at Kazan University, on the Volga River. Based on field excursions there, he supervised a thesis In geographica plantarum per partem provinciae Casanensis distributione illustranda periculum. Two species new to science were described, viz. Echinospermum casanense and Stellaria mollis, and seven new varieties. Corresponding specimens have not been found in the Finnish Museum of Natural History, Botanical Museum (H). Wirzen's new names have been completely overlooked by Russian and other taxonomists. Wirzén was considered to be a relatively weak botanist, but as a doctor of medicine he fared better..
On the road again : views on the development of teacher education in Oulu during the 1990's
The crazed : a novel
Initial teacher education in Tallinn University
A survey of the Oulu Department of Teacher Education : presentation, evaluation and new directions
Teaching with integrity : the ethics of higher education practice
The role of higher education in initial teacher training
The deepest poison : a clockwork dagger story
The dying animal
Mike & Molly. Season 1, The complete first season
The Isle of Brac
A handbook for teachers in universities & colleges : a guide to improving teaching methods
Educators, professionalism and politics : global transitions, national spaces and professional projects
Final report of the project "Development of university education in mathematics and exact sciences via trilateral co-operation, Finland - Hungary - Sweden", mathematics = Yliopistojen kansainvälisen LUMA-hankkeen loppuraportti, matematiikka = Slutrapport för universitetens internationella LUMA-projekt, matematik
Faculty-librarian relationships
I prefer to teach : an international comparison of faculty preference for teaching over research
Jeremy O'Keefe, a middle-aged Professor of History, returns to his native New York after a decade teaching at Oxford, hoping to reconnect with his daughter and rebuild the life he left behind. He settles into the rhythm of a too-empty life, long evenings alone after a day teaching students he barely knows. Then a strange encounter with a young man who presumes an acquaintance he doesn't remember and a series of disconcerting events leave him with a growing conviction that he is being watched. The pale young man keeps appearing, a haunting figure lingers outside his apartment at night, and then mysterious packages begin to arrive. As his grip on reality seems to shift and turn, Jeremy struggles to know whether he can believe what he is experiencing, or whether his mind is in the grip of an irrational obsession. I Am No One explores the tenuous link between fear and paranoia in our post-Snowden lives; a world of surveillance and self-censorship, where privacy no longer exists and our freedoms are inexorably eroded.
Educational studies and teacher education in Finnish universities, 1994 : a commentary by an international review team
Teacher thinking, beliefs and knowledge in higher education
How to be an effective teacher in higher education : answers to lecturers' questions
Possibilities of telework as an organisational tool for the flexible arrangement of teachers' work from the teacher's viewpoint
Pre-service foreign language teachers' expectations of their studies and teacher profession
Understanding teaching excellence in higher education : towards a critical approach
Subject librarians : engaging with the learning and teaching environment
Knowledge organization and its representation in teaching physics : magnetostatics in university and upper secondary school levels
The teaching portfolio : a practical guide to improved performance and promotion/tenure decisions
Absolutely anything
English-medium instruction : seeking assessment criteria for spoken professional English
Abstract: Follow-up and evaluation of the teacher education development programme 2005.
Without you, there is no us : my secret life teaching the sons of North Korea's elite
The new academic : a strategic handbook
Johan Ernst Adhemar Wirzén - the last demonstrator in botany at Alexander University
Preparing to teach : an introduction to effective teaching in higher education : interesting ways to teach
Dear committee members
Teaching portfolio : a practical guide to improved performance and promotion/tenure decisions
"It's a nice wishing list"? : Teachers and the language policy: perspectives on English-medium teaching at the University of Helsinki
Teacher stress and coping : the effectiveness of coping efforts from prospective perspective
The dons : mentors, eccentrics, and geniuses
Staffing higher education : meeting new challenges : report of the IMHE Project on Policies for Academic Staffing in Higher Education
“Friday is my research day” : chance, time and desire in the search for the teaching-research nexus in the life of a university teacher
Initial training for history teachers : structures and standards in 13 member states of the Council of Europe
Analyzing the influence of diffusion of innovation attributes on lecturers' attitude towards information and communication technologies
Johan Fredrik Wallenius - Demonstrator in Botany at old Åbo Akademi
How do teachers benefit from training on social interaction skills? : developing and utilising an instrument for the evaluation of teachers' social and emotional learning
Internationalization in teacher education. Vol. 5, Mobilities
Making sense of academic life : academics, universities and change
Lars Johan Laurentius Johannes Prytz, Demonstator in Botany at Imperial Åbo Academy
How the university works : higher education and the low-wage nation
Good teaching : fresh wind in the sails of German higher education : project nexus - concepts and good practice in higher education
Generosity
The professoriate : profile of a profession
Academic work and life : what it is to be an academic, and how this is changing
Wallenius was the Demonstrator in Botany (1800-1805) at Åbo Akademi. His main duty was to instruct medical students on the subject of medicinal plants. In his own thesis supervised by Professor Carl Niclas Hellenius was introduced surrogate food to compensate grain due to the repeated years of crop failures in 18th century. That theme was repeated by him also in some publications. He supervised six theses with botanical content, of which two provided important historical information of Åbo Akademi Botanical Gardens. In thesis of genus Ammi one species is described as new to science, Ammi boerberi Höckert. This neglected name is synonymous to A. majus L. Höckert was third one in Finland who described a new species to science.
In a woman's voice : essays presented to Professor Eila Estola.
Lars Johan Prytz was the Demonstrator in Botany (1813-1820) at the Imperial Academy of Åbo, Russia (Finland today). His main duty was to instruct medical students on the subject of medicinal plants. In his own thesis De Styrace supervised by Professor Carl Peter Thunberg presented known species of Styrax. Prytz supervised 15 doctoral theses, of which eleven have botanical content and three provided important historical information of Åbo Akademi Botanical Gardens. He aimed to complete a brief Flora Fennica, but it was never finished. In six published parts 277 species in 123 genera are characterized. Later one unpublished manuscript was edited by Hj. Hjelt. Consequently, the total number of species presented is 314 in 136 genera. Monocotyledons and ferns were not included. All in all, Prytz announced ca. 15 new plants to Finland..
Experiences from the new curriculum of the subject teacher education in the University of Oulu
Spain
The academic life : small worlds, different worlds
From student to professor : translating a graduate degree into a career in academia
The effective, efficient professor : teaching, scholarship and service
Guidelines for quality of learning at Aalto University : a roadmap produced by the teaching quality working group 2008-2009
Widening perspectives of teacher education : studies on theory-practice relationship, reflection, research and professional development
Wise women : reflections of teachers at midlife
My gym teacher is an alien overlord
Learning in school-university partnership : sociocultural perspectives
Academic mobility in a changing world : regional and global trends
The JULIET programme in the University of Jyväskylä : a view from the inside
Professional development in higher education : new dimensions & directions
On becoming an innovative university teacher : reflection in action
The academic career handbook
The Faculty of Law at the University of Helsinki 1991
Cambridge commemorated : an anthology of university life
