http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20196 conclusions
conclusions
You are not so smart : why your memory is mostly fiction, why you have too many friends on Facebook, and 46 other ways you're deluding yourself
Belief revision
We are bombarded with more information each day than our brains can process, especially in election season. It's raining bad data, half-truths, and even outright lies. Daniel J. Levitin shows how to recognize misleading announcements, statistics, graphs, and written reports revealing the ways lying weasels can use them. This book outlines recommendations for critical thinking practices that meet the challenges of the digital age's misinformation, demonstrating the role of science in information literacy while explaining the importance of skeptical reasoning in making decisions based on online information.
Philosophy and AI : essays at the interface
The research process
Fallacies : selected papers 1972-1982
The implications of ownership experienced by three types of owners
Aristotle's syllogistic from the standpoint of modern formal logic
Practical reasoning : the structure and foundations of prudential and moral arguments and their exemplification in discourse
This new and expanded edition explains a distinctive method for analyzing and evaluating arguments. It features many examples, ranging from newspaper articles to extracts from classic texts, and from easy passages to much more difficult ones. It will enable students to think critically about sustained, theoretical arguments commonly encountered in the course of their studies, including arguments about the natural world, society, policy, and philosophy.
How to win every argument : the use and abuse of logic
Argumentation illuminated : 1
Inference to the best explanation
Reasoning and the logic of things : the Cambridge conferences lectures of 1898
Modal syllogistics in the Middle Ages
Logic : inquiry, argument, and order
Black box thinking : marginal gains and the secrets of high performance
Inductive inference and its natural ground : an essay in naturalistic epistemology
Logic and ontology in the syllogistic of Robert Kilwardby
The practice of philosophy : a handbook for beginners
Research methods in politics
The Seville Council
Fallacies : classical and contemporary readings
Topics : Books I and VIII with excerpts from related texts
Aristotle's modal logic : essence and entailment in the Organon
An exploration of human reasoning reveals how to recognize and avoid simple errors in our day-to-day thinking in order to transform the decision-making process.
Future logic : categorical and conditional deduction and induction of the natural, temporal, extensional and logical modalities
The art of thinking clearly
"The theory of oppositions based on Aristotelian foundations of logic has been pictured in a striking square diagram which can be understood and applied in many different ways having repercussions in various fields: epistemology, linguistics, mathematics, sociology, physics. The square can also be generalized in other two-dimensional or multi-dimensional objects extending in breadth and depth the original Aristotelian theory. The square of opposition is a very attractive theme which has been going through centuries without evaporating. Since 10 years there is a new growing interest for the square due to recent discoveries and challenging interpretations. This book presents a collection of previously unpublished papers by high level specialists of the square from all over the world." -- Publisher's website.
Outline of a new system of logic : with a critical examination of Whately's Elements of logic
The implications of induction
A pragmatic theory of fallacy
Begging the question : a study of a fallacy
The logic of real arguments
Practical reason : on the theory of action
The structure of science : problems in the logic of scientific explanation
Proceedings of the Second International Conference on Argumentation, June 19-22, 1990. 1 B
Cardiac troponin specific autoantibodies : analytical tools for exploring their impact on cardiac troponin I testing
Practical reasoning about final ends
Methodological myths in management research : essays on partial least squares and formative measurement
Logic of statistical inference
The making of the new Europe : the European Councils in Brussels and Copenhagen 2002
The Laeken Council
Practical reasoning
Argument in a time of change : definitions, frameworks, and critiques
Principles of philosophical reasoning
The Barcelona Council
Attacking faulty reasoning : a practical guide to fallacy-free arguments
What if ...? : toward excellence in reasoning
Relational syllogisms and the history of Arabic logic, 900-1900
Creativity and the philosophy of C. S. Peirce
Introduction to logic
A field guide to lies and statistics : a neuroscientist on how to make sense of a complex world
Induction and hypothesis : a study of the logic of confirmation
Text comprehension and inference : production of elaborative inferences in a foreign language : an empirical study
Blindspots : the many ways we cannot see
The kaleidoscope of science
The new syllogistic
Scientific inference
The structure of scientific inference
Thought experiments
An introduction to the syllogism and the logic of proportional quantifiers
The concept of truth in a finite universe
Ecological inference : new methodological strategies
Critical reasoning : a practical introduction
Rumors that changed the world : a history of violence and discrimination
Probability and scientific inference
Logic and contemporary rhetoric : the use of reason in everyday life
Around and beyond the square of opposition
The foundations of scientific inference
Informal logic : a handbook for critical argumentation
Proceedings of the Second International Conference on Argumentation, June 19-22, 1990. 1 A
