http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20264 study programmes
study programmes
Leonardo da Vinci projects supporting the changing role VET teachers and trainers : valorisation project The changing role of VET teachers and trainers
Best practices of international double degree programmes : case of Russian and European universities
School dropout and extended study time among the International Business and Administration students at Oulu Vocational College
The teacher as an implementer of curriculum change : a case-study analysis of small rural schools in Finland
The information society and the law
The curriculum : theory and practice
Brain friendly school libraries
Knowledge and practice : reprensentations and identities
English-language-taught degree programmes in faculties of healthcare in Finnish universities of applied sciences : students' and teachers' conceptions of the implementation
Few faculty members in academic medical centers are formally prepared for their roles as teachers. This work is an introductory text designed to provide medical teachers with the core concepts of effective teaching practice and information about innovations for curriculum design, delivery and assessment. It offers brief, focused chapters with content that is assimilated easily by the reader. The topics are relevant to basic science and clinical teachers and the work does not presume readers possess prerequisite knowledge of education theory or instructional design. The authors emphasize the application of concepts to teaching practice. Topics include: Facilitating Student Learning; Teaching Large Groups; Teaching in Small Groups; Flipping the Classroom; Problem-Based Learning; Team-Based Learning; Teaching Clinical Skills; Teaching with Simulation; Teaching with Practicals and Labs; Teaching with Technological Tools; Teaching to Develop Scientific Engagement in Medical Students; Designing a Course; Establishing and Teaching Elective Courses; Designing Global Health Experiences; Assessing Student Performance; Documenting the Trajectory of Your Teaching and Teaching as Scholarship. This is a complete revision of the first edition of this work with new chapters and up to date information. Similar to the first edition, chapters were written by leaders in medical education and research who draw upon extensive professional experience and the literature on best practices in education. Although designed for teachers, the work reflects a learner-centered perspective and emphasizes outcomes for student learning. The book is accessible and visually interesting and the work contains information that is current, but not time-sensitive. Each chapter concludes with references, many include recommendations for additional reading, and the work includes an appendix with resources for medical education.
Courses and programmes in English ..
Book of majors 2015.
Curriculum leadership : development and implementation
MCITP self-paced training kit (Exam 70-647) : Windows server enterprise administration
Perspectives and limitations of Finnish higher forestry education in a unifying Europe
EC study guide to environment-related courses
Evaluation of the study programme for MSc in forestry at the Swedish University of Agricultural Sciences : report by the Committee for Undergraduate Studies in Forestry, Faculty of Forestry, Swedish University of Agricultural Sciences
Improving student retention in higher education : the role of teaching and learning
An introduction to medical teaching
Schools as curriculum agencies : Asian and European perspectives on school-based curriculum development
Thesis design : research meets practice in art and design master's theses
International Master's Programmes at the University of Oulu : internal evaluation report 2011/2012
How to improve the business double degree program between Oulu University of Applied Sciences and Neu-Ulm University of Applied Sciences
Cross-cultural studies in curriculum : eastern thought, educational insights
Study in Finland : English language programmes and postgraduate studies in Finnish universities
Joint and double degree programs : an emerging model for transatlantic exchange
International master's degree in science in Turku, Finland : Temmpro
Study in English ..
The Finnish success in Pisa - and some reasons behind it : Pisa 2000
IPL program at Hanken School of Economics
Determinants of curriculum design and implementation in International Business studies : The case of Turku Polytechnic
Retaining at-risk students : the role of career and vocational education
The world is becoming ever more international and graduates are expected to have international experience in order to make it in the world and to distinguish them from the other job applicants. The double degree program is a way for universities to answer to this growing need. The international double degree is a program where students will gain two degree diplomas by studying at two different universities in two different countries during the same time as it would normally take them to finish only one degree. This Bachelor’s Thesis focuses on finding the challenges in the business double degree program between Oulu University of Applied Sciences and Neu-Ulm University of Applied Sciences. The program consists of two parts, where the student will firstly spend two years at the home university and then transfer for 18 months to the partner university. Through this program the student will be awarded with a Bachelor of Business Administration from Oulu and a Bachelor of Arts from Neu-Ulm. The focus of this study is towards the exchange period of Oulu students in Neu-Ulm. A benchmarking study with the Technische Universität München and with the University of Mannheim was established to compare the selection process and the curriculum of the business double degree program. In addition, interviews were conducted with the business double degree students, double degree coordinators and with the International Offices of both universities. Through these, strengths and challenges were gathered.It became clear that the current program has challenges in the information flow, selection process, in the requirements for German language from students from Oulu and the current procedure concerning the repeat examinations. The author recommended ways in which these aspects could be developed, such as establishing a common information platform available for everyone in contact with the double degree and offering the students the possibility to do repeat examinations in their home university. Furthermore, the selection process and criteria should be jointly agreed upon and the requirements for the high level of German knowledge should be reexamined. Through these actions the program could be improved further. There also rose a need for more research made about the double degrees in general as well as a follow-up survey in this business double degree program once there are more students taking part in it. Furthermore, a global research on the best-of-class double degree program should be conducted.
SCHOOL DROPOUT AND EXTENDED STUDY TIME AMONG THE INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS AND ADMINISTRATION STUDENTS AT OULU VOCATIONAL COLLEGE
Arion scheme of study visits for education specialists : report of activities 1995-96
MCTS self-paced training kit (exam 70-640) : configuring Windows server 2008 active directory
Teacher education through active engagement : raising the professional voice
Tuning educational structures in Europe : a guide to formulating degree programme profiles including programme competences and programme learning outcomes
Professors from colleges across the country describe 201 of the most popular undergraduate majors. You'll get the inside scoop on: What the study of each major is like -- Career options and job trends -- What you should take in high school -- Questions to ask colleges about their program. College listings tell you where you can study any major you're interested in. You'll discover: 3,600 colleges offering 1,200 undergraduate and graduate programs -- Degree levels offered at each school-from certificate to Ph.D. -- Special academic programs, including combined degrees (bachelor's/graduate), student-designed majors, and accelerated programs.
The Finnish success in PISA - and some reasons behind it : PISA 2000
Collaborating to achieve a strategic vision : an evaluation of curriculum development in the FUAS universities of applied sciences
On an example of a post-formal education : on social sustainability VOLUME I, II and III
Youth activities guidelines : academic year 1994/95 : Tempus, Phare
English-Language-Taught Degree Programmes in Faculties of Healthcare in Finnish Universities of Applied Sciences: Students' and Teachers' Conceptions of the Implementation
Learning on-line : with WebCT
School-based curriculum development in Finland
Multicultural education : reflection on theory and practice
Study visits for vocational education and training experts in 2007 : transition to a wider perspective
Entrepreneurship programs and the modern university
The one-shot library instruction survival guide
