http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20251 footwear industry
footwear industry
Sustainable solutions : developing products and services for the future
The Puma story : the remarkable turnaroud of an endangered species into one of the world's hottest sprotlifestye brands
Real footwear trends : three paths for the future of the European footwear industry
Globalization of the footwear, textiles and clothing industries : report for discussion at the Tripartite Meeting on the Globalization of the Footwear, Textiles and Clothing Industries: Effects on Employment and Working Conditions, Geneva, 1996
Employment and working conditions and competitiveness in the leather and footwear industry : fourth Tripartite Technical Meeting for the Leather and Footwear Industry, Geneva, 1992. Report 2
Finnish-Soviet trade in the light industries : impact on the Finnish textile, clothing, leather and footwear industries
Footlight on fashion
Shoes : a history from sandals to sneakers
Shoes : fashion and fantasy
Issues in the leather and footwear industry : a summary (s. 42-43).
Berg encyclopedia of world dress and fashion. Volume 3, The United States and Canada
Over 90 years of footwork : the history of the Viljanmaa family
Shoes : an illustrated history
The cowboy boot
Organizational structuring : an empirical analysis of the relationships between structure and size in firms of the Finnish shoe and clothing industry
Summary and suggested points for discussion (s. 162-171).
"Covering every aspect of the process, this book introduces the design, development, manufacturing, and marketing of footwear. It also presents a comprehensive discussion of how the footwear industry attempts to cater to the wide needs of sophisticated and demanding customers. The text provides a basic understanding of the technology and techniques involved in the design and development of a popular and demanding consumer product. Topics include the measurement and testing process, foot and footwear interaction, mass customization, the manufacturing process, and the marketing process. The author also addresses the latest trends in footwear technology"--
Reformists at work
A foot in the past : consumers, producers, and footwear in the long eighteenth century
Well heeled : the story of the Finnish shoe
Feet & footwear in Indian culture
Pitch invasion : three stripes, two brothers, one feud : Adidas and the making of modern sport
Places of creation : design in industrial agglomerations
Introduction to fashion merchandising
Traces the fierce rivalry between brothers Adi and Rudi Dassler, who launched a successful shoe business from their mother ́s laundry room in Germany before a bitter feud prompted their separation and launch of competitors Adidas and Puma.
Recent developments in the leather and footwear industry : fourth Tripartite Technical Meeting for the Leather and Footwear Industry, Geneva, 1992. Report 1
The father, the son and the refreshed spirit : strategic renewal after family business succession in the context of the textile, clothing, leather and footwear industry
Ze Zlína do světa : příběh Tomáše Bati = From Zlín into the world : the story of Thomas Bata
Underestimated women : developing a qualitative method within consumer research : exploring women among sports
Red or dead : the good, the bad and the ugly
Handbook of footwear design and manufacture
Sneaker wars : the enemy brothers who founded Adidas and Puma and the family feud that forever changed the business of sport
A colorful world under the nose : designing for olfactory brand experience
Bata, the business miracle : the story of an extraordinary entrepreneur
Berg encyclopedia of world dress and fashion. Volume 4, South Asia and Southeast Asia
Encyclopedia of world dress and fashion. Vol .8. West Europe
Handmade shoes for men
Golden kicks : the shoes that changed sport
Shoes A-Z : designers, brands, manufactures and retailers
Scarpe e piedi famosi : dall'autobiografia di Salvatore Ferragamo = Shoes and famous feet : from the autobiography of Salvatore Ferragamo
Summary (s. 337-359).
Fashion design course : accessories : design practice and processes for creating hats, bags, shoes and more
The look of the century
Stepping out : three centuries of shoes
Ordbog for skotøjsindustrien : engelsk - svensk - dansk - norsk og vice versa
Developing international customer acquisition guidance
An imperfect competition model in an industry with differentiated domestic and foreign products
Art of the boot
Walking dreams : Salvatore Ferragamo 1898-1960
Importance of marketing in organizational success : Bata shoe company Zimbabwe
The science of footwear
Footwear design
Implementing codes of conduct : how businesses manage social performance in global supply chains
Berg encyclopedia of world dress and fashion. Volume 7, East Australia, New Zealand, and the Pacific Islands
Scarpe e piedi famosi : dall'autobiografia di Salvatore Ferragamo = Shoes and famous feet
