http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20213 apraxia
apraxia
Motor speech disorders : substrates, differential diagnosis, and management
Dyslexia, dyspraxia and mathematics
Speech disorders : aphasia, apraxia and agnosia
Aphasia and related neurogenic communication disorders
Clinical linguistics
Speech motor control : new developments in basic and applied research
Reading, writing and speech problems in children : a presentation of certain types of disorders in the development of the language faculty
Making inclusion work for children with dyspraxia : practical strategies for teachers
The handbook of psycholinguistic and cognitive processes : perspectives in communication disorders
Children with developmental coordination disorder
Motor speech disorders : diagnosis and treatment
The imitative mind : development, evolution, and brain bases
The LCP solution : the remarkable nutritional treatment for ADHD, dyslexia, and dyspraxia
Apraxia of speech : physiology, acoustics, linguistics, management
Brain-based communication disorders
Studies in neurolinguistics. Volume 1
Speech articulation and peripheral speech mechanism in Finnish schoolchildren from 7 to 10 years of age
Aphasia rehabilitation : the impairment and its consequences
Gut and psychology syndrome : natural treatment for autism, dyspraxia, A.D.D., dyslexia, A.D.H.D., depression, schizophrenia
Apraxia : the neuropsychology of action
Brain imaging has been immensely valuable in showing us how the mind works. However, many of our ideas about how the mind works come from disciplines like experimental psychology, artificial intelligence and linguistics, which in their modern form date back to the computer revolution of the 1940s, and are not strongly linked to the subdisciplines of biomedicine. Cognitive science and neuroscience thus have very separate intellectual roots, and very different styles. Unfortunately, these two areas of knowledge have not been well integrated as far as higher mental processes are concerned. So how can these two be reconciled in order to develop a full understanding of the mind and brain? This is the focus of this landmark book from leaders in the field. Coming more than two decades after Shallice's classic 'From neuropsychology to mental structure', 'The Organisation of Mind' establishes a strong historical, empirical, and theoretical basis for cognitive neuroscience. The book starts by reviewing the history and intellectual roots of the field, looking at some of the researchers who guided and influenced it. The basic principles - theoretical and empirical and the inferential relation between them - are then considered with particular emphasis being placed on inferences to the organisation of the cognitive system from two empirical methodologies - neuropsychology and functional imaging. The core skeleton of the cognitive system is then analysed for the areas most critical for understanding rational thought. In the third section the components of simple cognitive acts are described, namely semantic processing, working memory, and cognitive operations. In the final section, more complex higher-level modulating processes are considered, including, supervisory processing, episodic memory, consciousness and problem-solving.
Boosting learning in the primary classroom : occupational therapy strategies that really work with pupils
Speech practice material : from sounds to dialogues
The handbook of language and speech disorders
The organisation of mind
Childhood apraxia of speech resource guide
How to succeed in employment with specific learning difficulties : a guide for employees and employers
Neuromotor speech disorders : nature, assessment, and management
Special teaching for special children : a pedagogy for inclusion
Pick's disease and pick complex
Theoretical linguistics and disordered language
Here's how to treat childhood apraxia of speech
Developmental motor disorders : a neuropsychological perspective
Many people with dyspraxia and dyslexia also have ADHD. This fully revised edition of David Grant's thought-provoking, insightful book develops our understanding of specific learning differences and considers the further challenges presented by these overlapping conditions. New sections explore mental imagery [visualisation] and synaesthesia, enabling the reader to gain a fuller understanding of the sensory experiences and thoughts of individuals with specific learning differences. As well as providing information defining Dyslexia, Dyspraxia and ADHD, "That's the Way I Think" addresses topics including: colours and reading; becoming creative; sports, genes and evolution; and, 'invisible' girls and women. The accessible style of this book, which includes numerous anecdotes and personal insights, will immediately strike a chord with anyone who has first- or second-hand experience of these specific learning differences. Essential and enlightening reading for people with specific learning differences as well as their parents and/or partner, this book also provides an invaluable insight for teachers, teaching assistants and SENCos.
Understanding aphasia
Movement and learning in the early years : supporting dyspraxia (DCD) and other difficulties
That's the way I think : dyslexia, dyspraxia and ADHD explained
Developmental apraxia of speech : theory and clinical practice
Development of movement co-ordination in children : applications in the fields of ergonomics, health sciences and sport
Presidential adress : Leslie Gonzalez-Rothi: Apraxia
