http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20252 Reformed Churches
Reformed Churches
The disciplinary revolution : Calvinism and the rise of the state in early modern Europe
Through western eyes : Eastern Orthodoxy : a reformed perspective
Post-Reformation reformed dogmatics : the rise and development of reformed orthodoxy, ca. 1520 to ca. 1725. Volume 1, Prolegomena to theology
Baptists and Reformed in dialogue : documents from the conversations sponsored by the World Alliance of Reformed Churches and the Baptist World Alliance
Dire l'interdit : the vocabulary of censure and exclusion in the early modern Reformed tradition
Reformed theology in America : a history of its modern development
The hermeneutics of John Calvin
This is my body : the presence of Christ in Reformation thought
A book of services
The Westminster handbook to Reformed theology
Richard Hooker and reformed theology : a study of reason, will, and grace
Towards closer fellowship : report of the dialogue between Reformed and Disciples of Christ
The Leuenberg Agreement and Lutheran-Reformed relationships : evaluations by North American and European theologians
De religione Christiana fides = Confession of Christian religion
Given for you : reclaiming Calvin's doctrine of the Lord's Supper
With the 450th anniversary of the Heidelberg Catechism of 2013 in mind, this article offers some remarks on the question what it means to remember and commemorate this 16th century Reformed confession in South Africa today. The first part of the article argues that commemorations invite us to be conscious of the close link between memory and identity, as well as to the fact that our memories of the past are often highly contested memories. The second part of the paper comments on the status of the Heidelberg Catechism as a historical document, while the third part of the paper extends the discussion with a focus on the reception of the Heidelberg Catechism in South Africa. By highlighting a few episodes from its reception history, the article affirms the view of the Heidelberg Catechism as an important identity marker amidst contestation.
The Nature of the Church and the role of theology : papers from a consultation between the World Council of Churches and the Reformed Ecumenical Synod, Geneva, 1975.
Systematic theology
This is a study in the Christology of Jerome Zanchi (1516-90), a leading 16th century reformed scholastic theologian. The study as a whole is bound together by doctrinal topics, themes and trajectories important to the 16th century Christological debates as well as by philosophical issues and arguments. In the first chapter, Stefan Lindholm situates Zanchi in the contemporary research into reformed scholasticism. Lindholm gives an account of what he calls 'analytic Christology' and why it is relevant to the present study. In the second chapter, he contextualizes Zanchi's Christology, historically and theologically. He discusses the sources and context of Zanchi's Christology and characterize it as catholic, scholastic and reformed. In the second part, on the hypostatic union, Lindholm evaluates Zanchi's view of the virgin birth – The process of hominization – in the third chapter. In the fourth chapter, he analyses Zanchi's uses of the part-whole and soul-body similes for the hypostatic union. What emerges is a rather ambiguous view of the hypostatic union. At the end of this chapter, Lindholm offers further correctives to Zanchi's assumed metaphysical framework in order to better accommodate the sort of claims Zanchi wants to make about the hypostatic union. The central theme in the debate between the Lutherans and the reformed theologians, the communication of properties, is treated in the third part. Chapter five deals with Zanchi's controversy with Martin Chemnitz' notion of the majestic genus (genus maiestaticum). In the sixth chapter Lindholm discusses the most heated issue in the debate about the communication of properties: ubiquity. He shows that Zanchi tends to argue against a sort of generalized version of ubiquity but it is not clear that Chemnitz actually ascribed to that position which weakens the force of Zanchi's arguments. Finally, Lindholm looks at two scholastic arguments found in Chemnitz for multi-location and reconstruct a possible Zanchian response to them. In a postscript, Lindholm suggests some trajectories for future research.
The Reformation of the dead : death and ritual in early modern Germany, 1450-1700
Shifting patterns of reformed tradition
John Calvin : a sixteenth-century portrait
Afirmations and admonitions : Lutheran decisions and dialogue with Reformed, Episcopal, and Roman Catholic churches
Reformation sketches : insights into Luther, Calvin, and the confessions
The new man : an Orthodox and Reformed dialogue
Liturgy wars : ritual theory and Protestant reform in nineteenth-century Zurich
Holy communion rites in the Polish and Lithuanian reformed agendas of the 16th and early 17th centuries
This is our story : Free Church women's ministry
Post-Reformation reformed dogmatics : the rise and development of reformed orthodoxy, ca. 1520 to ca. 1725. Volume 3, The divine essence and attributes
What do Presbyterians believe? : The Westminster Confession yesterday and today
Calvin and the consolidation of the Genevan Reformation
Against torture
Scripture alone : the evangelical doctrine
Toward Church fellowship : report of the Joint Commission of the Lutheran World Federation and the World Alliance of Reformed Churches
The Blackwell companion to Protestantism
Theology of marriage and the problems of mixed marriages : dialogue between the Lutheran World Federation, the World Alliance of Reformed Churches and the Secretariat for Promoting Christian Unity of the Roman Catholic Church 1971-77
Leuenberg, Meissen and Porvoo : consultation between the churches of the Leuenberg Church Fellowship and the churches involved in the Meissen Agreement and the Porvoo Agreement = Leuenberg, Meissen und Porvoo : Konsultation zwischen den Kirchen der Leuenberger Kirchengemeinschaft und den an der Meissener Erklärung und der Porvoo-Erklärung beteiligten Kirchen : Liebfrauenberg, Elsaβ 6. bis 10. September 1995
Faith and rationality : reason and belief in God
The covenant of redemption (pactum salutis), the eternal intra-trinitarian covenant, was a common staple within Early Modern Reformed theology, yet there are very few historical works that examine this doctrine. J. V. Fesko's study, The Covenant of Redemption: Origins, Development, and Reception, seeks to address this lacuna. In the contemporary period the covenant of redemption has been derided as speculative, mythological, a declension from trinitarianism, or erroneously derived from one or two biblical proof-texts. Yet seldom have critics carefully engaged the primary sources to examine the different formulations, supporting exegesis, and ways in which the doctrine was employed. Far from speculation, sub-trinitarian, or a cold business transaction, proponents of the covenant of redemption constructed this doctrine based upon a web of interconnected biblical texts and were very sensitive to maintaining a robust doctrine of the trinity, as they employed this doctrine as a bulwark against the anti-trinitarian claims of Socinian theologians. Proponents of the doctrine also saw this pre-temporal covenant as the embodiment of intra-trinitarian love that overflows unto those chosen in Christ for their salvation and ultimate fellowship with the triune God.J ohn V. Fesko explores the historical origins of the doctrine and then surveys its development in the seventeenth- through nineteenth-centuries, examining key advocates of the doctrine including, David Dickson, Herman Witsius, Johannes Cocceius, Francis Turretin, Patrick Gillespie, John Gill, Jonathan Edwards, Charles Hodge, and A. A. Hodge. He then examines the contemporary reception of the doctrine in the twentieth century with a survey of the doctrine's critics, including Karl Barth, Herman Hoeksema, Klaas Schilder, and John Murray. After exploring the claims of the critics, the study moves to examine the views of twentieth-century proponents, including Geerhardus Vos, Herman Bavinck, Abraham Kuyper, Louis Berkhof, and G. C. Berkouwer.
A life of John Calvin : a study in the shaping of Western culture
Reformed dogmatics : set out and illustrated from the sources
The march of the Libertines : Spinozists and the Dutch Reformed Church (1660-1750)
Testimony and tradition : studies in reformed and dissenting thought
One with Christ : an evangelical theology of salvation
After Calvin : studies in the development of a theological tradition
Faith communities and social movements facing globalization : international and interfaith colloquium 2000 on faith, theology, economy
Transformation through compassionate mission : David J. Bosch's theology of contextualization
Honor your fathers : catechisms and the emergence of a patriarchal ideology in Germany 1400-1600
Zur Lehre und Praxis der Taufe = On the doctrine and practice of baptism. ; Zur Lehre und Praxis des Abendmahls = On the doctrine and practice of the Lordś Supper
Calvinus pastor ecclesiae : papers of the Eleventh International Congress on Calvin Research
Calvinism : a very short introduction
Loyalty and loss : the Reformed Church in America, 1945-1994
In Calvin's Company of Pastors, Scott Manetsch examines the pastoral theology and practical ministry activities of Geneva's reformed ministers from the time of Calvin's arrival in Geneva until the beginning of the seventeenth century.
In this book Melanie Ross presents a current description of evangelical worship, bringing together liturgical scholarship and theological scholarship on American evangelicalism. She draws on historical analysis, systematic theology, and the worship life of two vibrant congregations to argue that the common ground shared by evangelical and liturgical churches is much more important than the differences that divide them. --From publisher's description.
Whether a Christian woman should be educated and other writings from her intellectual circle
The distinction between "power-Word" and "text-Word" in recent Reformed thought : the view of Scripture set forth by some representatives of The Philosophy of the Law-Idea
Post-Reformation reformed dogmatics : the rise and development of reformed orthodoxy, ca. 1520 to ca. 1725. Volume 2, Holy Scripture : the cognitive foundation of theology
The Cambridge companion to John Calvin
Reformed theology : identity and ecumenicity II : biblical interpretation in the Reformed tradition
How are we to proclaim Christ in different cultures? This question was central to a landmark study on worship and culture conducted by the Lutheran World Federation between 1992 and 1999. Much has changed in the years since then: the world today more than ever is a multicultural global village. "Worship and Culture" revisits that LWF study and publication, shedding new light on the question from recent theological and sociological scholarship to expand and enrich the texts in the original three-volume work.This book includes texts from the main statements that came out of the original project as well as updated essays from some of the original contributors. It also adds new essays, prayers, and hymns to the conversation, inviting readers to consider what the life of the church should look like in today's hybrid, multicultural world. Contributors Julio Cezar Adam Scott Anderson Mark P. Bangert Thomas F. Best Stephen Burns Anscar J. Chupungco, OSB Joseph A. Donnella II Norman A. Hjelm Margaret Mary Kelleher, OSU Dirk G. Lange Gordon W. Lathrop Anita Monro Martha Moore-Keish Melinda A. Quivik Gail Ramshaw S. Anita Stauffer Benjamin M. Stewart Glaucia Vasconcelos Wilkey Joyce Ann Zimmerman, CPPS" Review: Thomas H. Schattauer-- Wartburg Theological Seminary, Dubuque, Iowa This wide-ranging collection of essays takes up the pathbreaking study of worship and culture sponsored by the Lutheran World Federation in the last decade of the twentieth century and carries the conversation forward into the twenty-first century. Readers new to that conversation will give thanks for this introduction to the seminal statements and work of the LWF study. Readers familiar with the issues will find here new treasures of understanding and insight. Mark R. Francis, CSV-- Catholic Theological Union, Chicago Offers a sure guide to the often complex development of recent thinking on culture and liturgy and moves the discussion forward by asking hard questions about the contextualization of worship with which all Christians need to contend. In bringing these superb essays together in one volume, Glaucia Vasconcelos Wilkey has done the churches an immeasurable service. Any serious study on worship and culture will now have to take into account this extraordinary resource."Dagmar Heller-- Ecumenical Institute at Bossey, Switzerland This volume not only revisits former Lutheran World Federation work but offers new contributions -- not just from Lutheran scholars -- to an important ecumenical discussion that sometimes seems to be forgotten. "
The authority of Scripture in Reformed theology : truth and trust
God's reign and our unity : the report of the Anglican-Reformed International Commission 1981-1984, Woking, England, January 1984
Protestantism and the American founding
Worship and culture : foreign country or homeland?
The religious controversies of Scotland
Theology of ministry : a reformed contribution to an ecumenical dialogue
Educating for life : reflections on Christian teaching and learning
English evangelicals and Tudor obedience, c. 1527-1570
The free offer of the gospel has been a matter of significant debate within Reformed theology. However, despite this controversy, Reformed theologians such as James Durham preached a gospel offer which was a sincere and free invitation from God to all, to embrace Jesus Christ as Saviour. This gospel offer expressed God's grace and goodness to all. Donald MacLean argues that Durham's doctrinal position is representative of the Westminster Standards and embraced by his contemporaries and evidenced by the later disputes concerning the meaning of the teaching of the Westminster Confession of Faith.
Called to communion and common witness : Report of the Joint Working Group between the Lutheran World Federation and the World Alliance of Reformed Churches (1999-2001)
Luther and Calvin on secular authority
James Durham (1622-1658) : and the Gospel offer in its seventeenth-century context
A companion to the Swiss Reformation
Profil und Wirkung des Heidelberger Katechismus : neue Forschungsbeiträge anlässlich des 450jährigen Jubiläums = The Heidelberg Catechism : origins, characteristics, and influences : essays in reappraisal on the occasion of its 450th anniversary
Remebering the Heidelberg Catechism in southern Africa today : essays on the occasion of the 450th anniversary of a reformed confession
The Reformed family worldwide : a survey of Reformed Churches, theological schools, and international organizations
Calvin and the Bible
The heart of this book lies in the important discovery that a pivotal Tudor argument in favor of the Royal Supremacy - the argument from Psalm 82 that earthly kings are 'gods' on this earth - is in fact Zwinglian in origin. This teaching from Psalm 82, which originated in Zurich in the mid-1520s, was soon used extensively in England to justify the Supremacy, and English evangelicals - from Tyndale to Cranmer - unanimously embraced this Protestant argument in their writings on political obedience. The discovery of this link shows conclusive, textual proof of the 'Zurich Connection' between Swiss political teachings and those popular under Tudor kings. This study argues, then, that evangelical attitudes towards royal authority were motivated by the assumption that Protestantism supported 'godly kingship' over against 'papal tyranny'. As such, it is the first monograph to find a vital connection between early Swiss Protestant similar teachings on obedience and later teachings by evangelicals.
Evangelical versus liturgical? : defying a dichotomy
Symphonia Catholica : the merger of patristic and contemporary sources in the theological method of Amandus Polanus (1561-1610)
The uses of reform : 'godly discipline' and popular behavior in Scotland and beyond, 1560-1610
The agony of Asar : a thesis on slavery by the former slave, Jacobus Elisa Johannnes Capitein, 1717-1747
To glorify God : essays on modern reformed liturgy
The covenant of redemption : origins, development, and reception
Jerome Zanchi (1516-90) and the analysis of reformed scholastic Christology
The thirteen essays in this volume were all presented originally by the author at international conferences and address three main areas of inquiry, all of which, in one way or another, are of key importance in early modern historical discourse and theological thinking. These three areas are: 1) the theological diversity and the debates that took place within the Reformed tradition in the sixteenth century and beyond; 2) Peter Martyr Vermigli's noteworthy contribution to Reformed ecclesiology and biblical exegesis; 3) aspects of Reformed thought's later enriched decor on both sides of the Atlantic. The essays show that the Reformed tradition is neither monolithic, nor monochrome, nor immutable, but is evolving rather in different, if interrelated patterns and directions.
Social discipline in the Reformation : central Europe, 1550-1750
Liturgies of the Spanish and Portuguese Reformed Episcopal Churches
Post-Reformation reformed dogmatics : the rise and development of reformed orthodoxy, ca. 1520 to ca. 1725. Volume 4, The triunity of God
God against religion : rethinking Christian theology through worship
Calvinus sincerioris religionis vindex = Calvin as protector of the purer religion
Farewell to apartheid? : church relations in South Africa : the WARC consultation in South Africa, March 1-5, 1993, Koinonia Centre Judith's Pearl, Johannesburg
Offering a meticulously researched yet also deeply personal history of the Reformed Church in America throughout much of the twentieth century, Lynn Japinga's Loyalty and Loss will be of intense interest to the members of the RCA, reminding them of where they have come from, of the bonds that have held them together, and of the many conflicts and challenges that they have together faced and ultimately surmounted. For those outside the RCA the questions of identity raised by this book will often sound very familiar, especially, perhaps, in its account of the church's struggle throughout recent decades to reconcile the persistently ecumenical spirit of many of its members with the desire of others within the denomination to preserve a real or imagined conservative exclusivity. Others may find the conflicts within the RCA reflective of their own experiences, especially as they relate to such issues as denominational mergers, abortion, the Viet Nam war, and women's ordination.
Calvinus Sacrae Scripturae professor = Calvin as confessor of Holy Scripture : die Referate des Congrès international des recherches calviniennes, International Congress on Calvin Research, Internationalen Kongresses für Calvinforschung, vom 20. bis 23. August 1990 in Grand Rapids
Die Kirche Jesu Christi : der reformatorische Beitrag zum ökumenischen Dialog über die kirchliche Einheit = The Church of Jesus Christ : the contribution of the reformation towards ecumenical dialogue on church unity
Religion, ethnicity and social change
Byung Soo Han intends to answer, by investigating the merger of patristic and contemporary sources in the theological method of Amandus Polanus, a significant question concerning the way in which the intellectual and methodological eclecticism of the Reformed was able to establish a coherent "system" of thought capable of defense as not only confessional but also orthodox in its theology and broadly catholic, drawing both on the thought of the Reformers and on the resources of the great tradition of Christian thought that extended back to the church fathers. From a methodological perspective, Polanus's development from the Ramistically-organized doctrinal framework of the early Partitiones, through the increasingly detailed and specialized efforts of the commentaries, disputations, and Symphonia, indicates a fairly clear, concerted effort to build toward a detailed systematic presentation - and in fact, each of these earlier efforts provided as it were building-blocks that would be incorporated into the Syntagma. This constructive labor itself serves to set aside the claim that Polanus based his theology on a deductive principle. The specific focus of the book is on the place and function of backgrounds and sources, traditional and contemporary, with particular emphasis on the place of the church fathers in Reformed orthodoxy. Polanus's patristic work, Symphonia, and its eventual impact on his full systematic work, the Syntagma, provides a singular case, within the sixteenth and seventeenth centuries, of the reformulation of patristic thought in a fully systematized form, suitable for combination with the results of biblical exegesis and contemporary doctrinal argumentation in the formulation of Reformed orthodox theology. This study attempts to assess the claim of catholicity and orthodoxy by Reformed theology, demonstrating the formative function of patristic thought in Polanus's theology. Further, the study illustrates the place of this traditionary exercise within the methodologically eclectic approach followed by Polanus and his contemporaries as they created a theology that drew not only on Scripture and contemporary philosophical assumptions but also on patristic, medieval, Reformation-era, traditionary Aristotelian, Platonic, and Ramist sources. This study, therefore, reappraises the development of Reformed orthodoxy. In Polanus's case, an older scholarship that read his theology as based on central dogmas or as an exercise of rationalism will be set aside in favor of a more nuanced view of his sources and method. Within this larger framework, Polanus's use of the fathers builds on and confirms the Reformers's assumption of catholicity in the face of the detailed polemics of Robert Bellarmine as well as confirming the point that his approach to formulation was traditionary and somewhat eclectic. Finally, the book identifies the theological cohesion of the early orthodox Reformed model, as exemplified by Polanus's thought, especially in its method of drawing together of traditionary materials from varied sources. In short, the book demonstrates the importance of the church fathers to the formulation of a Reformed orthodox and catholic theology in the context of showing, contrary to previous studies of Polanus's thought and contrary to the older stereotypes of "Calvinist" orthodoxy, that Reformed orthodoxy was neither a rigid monolith nor a matter of philosophical speculation but the product of a carefully conceived exercise in the compilation and assessment of biblical and traditionary materials.
Calvin's company of pastors : pastoral care and the emerging Reformed Church, 1536-1609
What pure eyes could see : Calvin's doctrine of faith in its exegetical context
Holy Communion rites in the Polish and Lithuanian reformed agendas of the 16th and early 17th centuries
