http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20211 sailing ships
sailing ships
The Chesapeake Sailing Yacht Symposium, Annapolis, Maryland, January 15, 1977.
British & American clippers : a comparison of their design, construction and performance in the 1850s
The book of  old ships and something of their evolution and romance
The story of sail : illustrated with 1000 scale drawings
The Chesapeake Sailing Yacht Symposium, Mahan Hall, United States Naval Academy, January 19, 1985.
The Chesapeake Sailing Yacht Symposium, Annapolis, Maryland, January 28, 1995.
The evolution of the sailing ship : 1250-1580
Falmouth for orders : the story of the last clipper ship race around Cape Horn
Wake of the coasters
Dutch warships in the age of sail, 1600-1714 : design, construction, careers and fates
Sailing ship rigs and rigging : with authentic plans of famous vessels of the ninteenth and twentieth centuries
Konstantiniyye'den İstanbul'a : XIX. yüzyıl ortalarından XX. yüzyıla Boğaziçi'nin Rumeli yakası fotoğrafları = From Konstantiniyye to İstanbul : photographs of the Rumeli shore of the Bosphorus from the mid XIXth to the XXth century
Yachting : the golden age
See inside ships
The new observer's book of ships
The naval cutter Alert 1777
Canvaswork & sail repair
The Chesapeake Sailing Yacht Symposium, Mahan Hall, United States Naval Academy, March 7, 1987.
Pacific sail : four centuries of Western ships in the Pacific
The period ship handbook. 2
Spirit of sail : clippers, windjammers and tall ships
The Chesapeake Sailing Yacht Symposium, Annapolis, Maryland, January 30, 1999.
Tall ships : the world of sail training
Set to sea
The Frigate Diana
The built-up ship model
The opium clippers
Herzogin Cecilie : the flagship of the Gustaf Erikson fleet of Mariehamn, 1921-1936
Square-riggers : the final epoch : 1921-1958
The history of ships
Ship modeling from stem to stern
Ocean traders from the Portuguese discoveries to the present day
From carrack to clipper : a book of sailing-ship models
The four-masted barque
Sail : the romance of the clipper ships
Rough medicine : surgeons at sea in the age of sail
The adventures of Tintin : a novel
The sailing school-ships
The Chesapeake Sailing Yacht Symposium, Annapolis, Maryland, January 17, 1981.
Plank-on-frame models and scale masting and rigging : Vol.2, Mastmaking and rigging, sailing models and power craft hulls / with plans and sketches by the author
The seventy-four gun ship : a practical treatise on the art of naval architecture. Vol. 1, Hull construction
The seventy-four gun ship : a practical treatise on the art of naval architecture. Vol. 3, Masts, sails, rigging
The last of the windjammers. 1
The Arctic whalers
The log of the "Cutty Sark"
The life and death of the merchant sailing ship 1815-1965
Cruise of the Conrad : a journal of a voyage round the world, undertaken and carried out in the ship Joseph Conrad, 212 tons, in the years 1934, 1935, and 1936 by way of Good Hope, the South Seas, the East Indies, and Cape Horn
HMS Victory : classic ships no 1 : their history and how to model them
Ghost ship : a Cape Cod story
Sailing days : stories and poems about sailors and the sea
The copper ship : a medieval shipwreck and its cargo = Miedziowiec : wrak średniowiecznego statku i jego ładunek
The Chesapeake Sailing Yacht Symposium, Mitscher Hall, United States Naval Academy, March 11, 1989.
HMS Victory
The Chesapeake Sailing Yacht Symposium, collected papers, Annapolis, Maryland, January 18, 1975.
Trincomalee : the last of Nelson's frigates
Lord of the privateers
The wreck of the Belle, the ruin of La Salle
Sailing-ship models : a selection from European and American collections
15th International  Symposium on "Yacht Design and Yacht Constrtuction, Amsterdam, 16 November 1998 : proceedings
Why Wasa capsized
The American fishing schooners 1825-1935
Sails of "Kruzenshtern"
The 20-gun ship Blandford
The last of the windjammers. 2
To harness the wind : a short history of the development of sails
The Chesapeake Sailing Yacht Symposium, collected papers, Annapolis, Maryland, January 19, 1974.
The seventy-four gun ship : a practical treatise on the art of naval architecture. Vol. 2, Fitting out the hull
The nitrate clippers
Rigging period ship models : a step-by-step guide to the intricacies of square-rig
My Danish tour
The 74-gun ship Bellona
Laivankuvia Rauman museossa = Portraits of ships at the Rauma Museum
The Royal Navy's first Invincible
Skiffs and schooners
The last grain race : around the Horn on a four-master in the last days of sail
The frigate Constitution and other historic ships
The Vrouw Maria Underwater project 2009–2012 final report
The seventy-four gun ship : a practical treatise on the art of naval architecture. Vol. 4, Manning - shiphandling
The romance of the clipper ships
The China clippers
To buil a ship : the VOC replica ship Duyfken
The Down Easters : American deep-water sailing ships 1869- 1929
The Naval Cutter Alert 1777
Tiller and whipstaff : the development of the sailing ship 1400-1700
Thirty classic boat designs : the best of the good boats
Jäähyväiset Cap Hornille = Farewell Cape Horn!
Galleons and galleys
HMS Victory : her construction, career and restoration
The great days of sail : reminiscences of a tea-clipper captain
Shipwrecks of the revolutionary & napoleonic eras
The last sailors : the final days of working sail
Ships : from the archives of Harland & Wolff, the builders of the Titanic
Sailing ships & sailing craft
A nautical odyssey : an illustrated maritime history from Cook to Shackleton
The Chesapeake Sailing Yacht Symposium, Annapolis, Maryland, January 25, 1997.
Voyage of the "Parma" : the great Grain Race of 1932
The golden age of sail
The Fourteenth Chesapeake Sailing Yacht Symposium, January 30, 1999.
Ships of the world
Sailing ship rigs and rigging : with authentic plans of famous vessels of the nineteenth and twentieth centuries
Ships of the Victorian Navy
Great Sea battles
A book of famous ships
Ready for sea
The Chesapeake Sailing Yacht Symposium, Annapolis, Maryland, January 20, 1979.
The Cutty Sark Tall Ships' races 1996 : virallinen ohjelma = offizielles Programm = ofitsialnaja programma = officiele program
The Eleventh Chesapeake Sailing Yacht Symposium, Annapolis, Maryland, USA on January 29-30, 1993.
The warship Vasa : deep diving and marine archaeology in Stockholm
Sailing to see : picture cruise in the schooner Yankee
The market for seamen in the age of sail
Championship tactics : how anyone can sail faster, smarter, and win races
Captain Cooks Endeavour
Square rigged sailing ships
The great age of sail : Maritime art and photography
The 24-gun frigate Pandora 1779
To the Baltic with Bob
The tea clippers : an account of the China tea trade and of some of the British sailing ships engaged in it from 1849 to 1869
The armed transport Bounty
International register of historic ships
Classic Sailing Ships
Tall ships : the magic of sail
Fast sailing ships : their design and construction 1775-1875
Franklin's lost ship : the historic discovery of HMS Erebus
The conquest of the ocean : the illustrated history of seafaring
Pilots. 1, Pilot schooners of North America and Great Britain
Ship models
Sail's last century : the merchant sailing ship 1830-1930
Ships
Stavanger tall ships : ship portraits from the collection of Stavanger Maritime Museum = De stolte skutene : skipsportretter fra Stavanger Sjøfartsmuseums samlinger
Three ways to capsize a boat : an optimist afloat
The story of the Mary Rose
The tall ships are sailing : the Cutty Sark tall ships races
Ship modeling simplified : tips & techniques for model construction from kits
Cogs, caravels and galleons : the sailing ship 1000-1650
Learning the ropes : an apprentice seaman on the last of the windjammers
Sailing ships : their history and development, as illustrated by the collection of ship-models in the Science Museum
The sailing-ship : six thousand years of history
The last of the Cape Horners : firsthand accounts from the final days of the commercial tall ship
Sail training and cadet ships
Can true love die? Or, neglected, does it lie dormant until the object of true desire is again within reach? Denied, does passion smoulder, like embers waiting for the right conditions to flare into an all-consuming conflagration?
The Chesapeake Sailing Yacht Symposium, Mitscher Hall, United States Naval Academy, February 9, 1991.
Coolie ships and oil sailers
The Chesapeake Sailing Yacht Symposium, Annapolis, Maryland, January 15, 1983.
Marite' Journal
Sailing ships : designs & re-creations of great sailing ships from ancient Greece to the present day
