http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20210 academies
academies
The Academy of Finland : an international evaluation 1992
ProAcademia : news from the Academy of Finland
Matthias Kalm (1793-1833) - Demonstrator in Botany at old Åbo Akademi
Evaluation of the Academy of Finland
Action plan of the Academy of Finland for the near future
Rutström, Carol Birger (1758-1826) - Demonstrator in Botany at old Åbo Akademi
The Finnish Academy of Science and Letters
Highlights 2013
The Academic tribes
From Academia to Amicitia : Milton's Latin writings and the Italian academies
Kuvataideakatemia = Bildkonstakademin = Finnish Academy of Fine Arts : vuosikirja 2008 = årsbok 2008 = year book 2008
Abisko Scientific Research Station
Dahl was the second Demonstrator in Botany (1786-1789) at Åbo Akademi. He died soon after arriving to Åbo (Turku), and his career here is poorly known. The main duty of demonstrators were to instruct medical students on the subject of medicinal plants. Dahl sent to Åbo a considerable herbarium prior to his arrival. It included 6000 specimens, of which about 1000 had once belonged to Herbarium Linnaeanum, but donated to Claes Alströmer, Dahls employer at Alingsås, Christinedahl, Västra Götaland in Sweden. That herbarium, like all collections at Åbo, were almost completely burn in 1827 in the Great Fire of Åbo. The number of exsisting specimens in Herbarium Dahlianum at University of Helsinki, Botanical Museum is 215. It includes specimens once owned by e.g. Pehr Kalm, Carl von Linné the Elder and Younger, Peter Simon Pallas, Carl Peter Thunberg and Martin Vahl.
The Austrian Academy of Sciences : the building and its history
StartPoint : prize for emerging artists 2011; [34 artists; 19 countries; 1977-1988]
The eye of the Lynx : Galileo, his friends, and the beginnings of modern natural history
Die Akademie Finnlands = The Academy of Finland = L'Académie Finlandaise
Johannes Gustavus Justander (1764-1833) - Demonstrator in Botany at old Åbo Akademi
Guide for postgraduate students
Turun piirustuskoulu NYT 2016! = the Turku School of Fine Arts, NOW 2016!
Matrikkeli 1991 = Directory 1991
Athletes' health care services in the Finnish sports academies
International evaluation of the Academy of Finland
This volume of essays reexamines the establishment and early history of the Accademia di San Luca in Rome, one of the most important centres of governance, education, and theory in the arts for the early modern period and the model for all subsequent academies of art worldwide. It is the most comprehensive history of the Accademia to be published in more than forty years, and the first in nearly two hundred years to be based almost entirely on new primary and documentary material. In reconstructing the early history of the institution, the volume also provides a new basis for tracking the careers of painters, sculptors, and architects working in Rome in the early 16th century, and for understanding the artistic and professional issues that engaged them.
Justander was in order the third Demonstrator in Botany (1789-1794) at Åbo Akademi. The main duty of demonstrators were to instruct medical students on the subject of medicinal plants. Justanders personal history is not well known. He defended to both Carl Niclas Hellenius and Pehr Adrian Gadd one theses, and supervised one himself, in order to obtain a docentship at Åbo Akademi. In that one new species, Festuca obliqua, and its four varietes are described as new. These validly published names have completely been overlooked. All material was probably lost at the Great Fire of Åbo in 1827.
Rutström was in order the fourth Demonstrator in Botany (1794-1798) at Åbo Akademi. His main duty was to instruct medical students on the subject of medicinal plants. In 1794 he supervised a thesis on Swedish cryptogams. It presents 20 species, including descriptions of one new fungal species, Peziza ucreolata (later homonym to P. ucreolata Vahl) and three lichens. Peziza urceolata Rutstr. is considered to be Lasiobelonium corticale (Pers.) Raitv. The new lichens were Lichen anceps, L. demissus and L. cumatilis¸ today Bacidia rosella (Pers.) De Not.var. anceps (Rutstr.) Ach., Psora demissa (Rutstr.) Stein. and Lobaria amplissima (Scop.) Forssell, respectively. In 1798 he moved back to Sweden.
Annales Academiae scientiarum Fennicae : series A 1. mathematica : 1-400 : 1941-1967 : list of contents with author index = Inhalts- und Verfasserverzeichnis
Academic freedom in an age of conformity : confronting the fear of knowledge
Kitchen Princess. 6
Matrikkeli 1993 = Directory 1993.
Gizmologies : critical technical practices ; 16.11.-2.12.2012 Galleria FAFA, Lönnrotinkatu 35
James Bowdoin and the patriot philosophers
Akateemikot 2004 = Academicians 2004.
The promotion of knowledge : lectures to mark the Centenary of the British Academy 1902-2002
The research station for astrophysics Capri and La Palma
Academia and state socialism : essays on the political history of academic life in post-1945 Hungary and Eastern Europe
Suomen Akatemian kansainvälisen toiminnan strategia = Finlands Akademis internationella strategi = Academy of Finland international strategy
The Academy of Finland
Art on the line : the Royal Academy exhibitions at Somerset House, 1780-1836
Matrikkeli 1996 = Directory 1996.
Matrikkeli 1999 = Directory 1999
Co-operation across the Iron Curtain : Hungarian-Finnish scientific relations through academies and in psychology from the 1960s to the 1990s
The academy : love match
Supplement to the Catalogue of the Collections of Sir Aurel Stein in the Library of the Hungarian Academy of Sciences
Suomen Akatemian strategia 2003 = Finlands Akademis strategi 2003 = Academy of Finland strategy 2003.
The Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences 1739-1989
Annals of the New York Academy of Sciences
The King's artists : the Royal Academy of Arts and the politics of British culture, 1760-1840
Science in Czechoslovakia and the Czechoslovak academy of sciences
The forum and the tower : how scholars and politicians have imagined the world, from Plato to Eleanor Roosevelt
Makedonska akademiǰa na naukite i umetnostite, Istražuvački centar za genetsko inženerstvo i biotehnologiǰa : dvaesetgodišen ǰubileǰ : izbrani trudovi = Macedonian Academy of Sciences and Arts, Research Centre for Genetic Engineering and Biotechnology : twenty-year anniversary : selected publications
On Renaissance academies : proceedings of the international conference "From the Roman Academy to the Danish Academy in Rome, Dall'Accademia Romana all'Accademia di Danimarca a Roma", the Danish Academy in Rome, 11-13 October 2006
Specialist control : the Publications Committee of the Académie royale des sciences (Paris) 1700-1793
Anders Dahl (1751-1789) - Demonstrator in Botany at old Åbo Akademi
The Accademia nazionale dei Lincei in the life and culture of United Italy on the 368th anniversary of its foundation (1871-1971)
Johan Fredrik Wallenius - Demonstrator in Botany at old Åbo Akademi
Kalm was in order the fifth Demonstrator in Botany (1800-1805) at Åbo Akademi. His main duty was to instruct medical students on the subject of medicinal plants. Kalm supervised one thesis, which introduces some past and current botanists. Kalm was focused on medicine
Captain incredible
Finnish-American academic and professional exchanges : analyses and reminiscences
A community of scholars : The Finnish Academy of Science and Letters, 1908-2008
Lars Johan Laurentius Johannes Prytz, Demonstator in Botany at Imperial Åbo Academy
Italian academies of the sixteenth century
Plato and the founding of the Academy : based on a letter from Plato, newly discovered
In 1752 Charles-Joseph Natoire, then a highly successful painter, assumed the directorship of the prestigious Académie de France in Rome. Twenty-three years later he was removed from office, criticised as being singularly inept. What was the basis for this condemnation that has been perpetuated by historians ever since? Reed Benhamous re-evaluation of Natoires life and work at the Académie is the first to weigh the prevailing opinion against the historical record. The accusations made against Charles-Joseph Natoire were many and varied: that his artistic work was increasingly unworthy of serious study; that he demeaned his students; that he was a religious bigot; that he was a fraudulent book-keeper. Benhamou evaluates these and other charges in the light of contemporary correspondences, critics assessment of his work, legal briefs, royal accounts and the parallel experiences of his precursors and successors at the Académie. The directors role is shown to be multifaceted and no director succeeded in every area. What is arresting is why Natoire was singled out as being uniquely weak, uniquely bigoted, uniquely incompetent. The Charles-Joseph Natoire who emerges from this book differs in nearly every respect from the unflattering portrait promulgated by historians and popular media. His increasingly iconoclastic students rebelled against the traditional qualities valued by the French artistic elite; the Académie went underfunded because of the effects of war and a profligate king, and he was caught between two competing institutional regimes. In this book Reed Benhamou not only unravels the myth and reality surrounding Natoire, but also also sheds light on the workings of the institution he served for nearly a quarter of a century.
"This is story of the forging of a national cultural institution in late eighteenth- and early nineteenth-century Britain. The Royal Academy of Arts was the dominant art school and exhibition society in London and a model for art societies across the British Isles and North America. This is the first study of its early years, re-evaluating the Academy's significance in national cultural life and its profile in an international context. Holger Hoock reassesses royal and state patronage of the arts and explores the concepts and practices of cultural patriotism and the politicization of art during the American and French Revolutions. By demonstrating how the Academy shaped the notions of an English and British school of art and influenced the emergence of the British cultural state, he illuminates the politics of national culture and the character of British public life in an age of war, revolution, and reform."--BOOK JACKET.
The Enlightenment in practice : academic prize contests and intellectual culture in France, 1670-1794
The Kievan Academy in the seventeenth century
Matrikkeli 2004 = Directory 2004.
Catalogue of the collections of Sir Aurel Stein in the Library of the Hungarian Academy of Sciences
Wallenius was the Demonstrator in Botany (1800-1805) at Åbo Akademi. His main duty was to instruct medical students on the subject of medicinal plants. In his own thesis supervised by Professor Carl Niclas Hellenius was introduced surrogate food to compensate grain due to the repeated years of crop failures in 18th century. That theme was repeated by him also in some publications. He supervised six theses with botanical content, of which two provided important historical information of Åbo Akademi Botanical Gardens. In thesis of genus Ammi one species is described as new to science, Ammi boerberi Höckert. This neglected name is synonymous to A. majus L. Höckert was third one in Finland who described a new species to science.
Lars Johan Prytz was the Demonstrator in Botany (1813-1820) at the Imperial Academy of Åbo, Russia (Finland today). His main duty was to instruct medical students on the subject of medicinal plants. In his own thesis De Styrace supervised by Professor Carl Peter Thunberg presented known species of Styrax. Prytz supervised 15 doctoral theses, of which eleven have botanical content and three provided important historical information of Åbo Akademi Botanical Gardens. He aimed to complete a brief Flora Fennica, but it was never finished. In six published parts 277 species in 123 genera are characterized. Later one unpublished manuscript was edited by Hj. Hjelt. Consequently, the total number of species presented is 314 in 136 genera. Monocotyledons and ferns were not included. All in all, Prytz announced ca. 15 new plants to Finland..
Kitchen Princess. 5
Criticism and modernity : aesthetics, literature, and nations in Europe and its academies
Charles-Joseph Natoire, ninth director of the French Academy in Rome : a re-evaluation
Lietuvos mokslas = Science and arts of Lithuania
The profession of sculpture in the Paris Académie
A recital by students of the Sibelius Academy, Finland
Turun piirustuskoulu NYT 2015! = the Turku School of Fine Arts, NOW 2015!
Academies, museums and canons of art
Conference report : Jubilee seminar for the opening of the Runosong Academy : 8.-10.10.2010 Kuhmo, Finland
The future of knowledge production in the academy
Annales Academiae scientiarum Fennicae. Mathematica
Evaluation of the Finnish cern activities : panel report
Seventy-fifth anniversary : Union Académique Internationale UAI
Matrikkeli 1991 = Directory 1991.
Finnish science to the international forefront
Kitchen Princess. 4
Ecology and evolutionary biology in Finland 2006-2010 : evaluation report
Art and the academy in the nineteenth century
Kitchen Princess. 7
Twin trouble
Rossijskaâ akademiâ nauk : spisok členov akademii, 1724-2009 = Russian academy of sciences : list of the academy members, 1724-2009
Reconfiguring knowledge production : changing authority relationships in the sciences and their consequences for intellectual innovation
Estonian academy of sciences : year book = Annales academiae scientiarum Estoniae
Suomalainen tiedeakatemia = Finnish Academy of Science and Letters  = Academia scientiarum Fennica : vuosikirja 2015 = year book 2015
Experiences in a small forest academy
Away from home
Academy of Sciences of the Latvian SSR
Annales Academiae scientiarum Fennicae : series A 1 : mathematica : 401-600 : 1967-1975 : list of contents with author index
The Accademia seminars : the Accademia di San Luca in Rome, c. 1590-1635
Bree and Kael Skyborn have seen their island invaded, their Seraphim disbanded, and their royal family imprisoned. A rebellion grows from the ashes, demanding Bree to be their Phoenix, their symbol against Center's tyranny, and for Kael to find the doomsday prophet Johan and sway his cult to their side. Should they fail, the hope of their rebellion fails with them.
