http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20221 beans
beans
Reverse anthropology : indigenous analysis of social and environmental relations in New Guinea
Plants of life, plants of death
Quadripartite Structures : Categories, Relations and Homologies in Bush Mekeo Culture
How to make coffee : the science behind the bean
Polly parrot picks a pirate
Across Papua : being an account of a voyage round and a march across, the territory of Papua, with the royal commission
Bryophyte flora of the Huon Peninsula, Papua New Guinea. 60-64
Polyphasic taxonomy of rhizobia isolated from tropical tree legumes
Children of Tamus : a history of the Sulka in Papua New Guinea : a supplement to the research of the Hamburg South Seas Expedition from 1908 to 1910
Compendium of bean diseases
Papua New Guinea : PNG gas project
Country economic review : Papua New Guinea
Enhancement of biological nitrogen fixation of common bean in Latin America : results from an FAO/IAEA co-ordinated research programme, 1986-1991
Papua New Guinea 1999
The voice of the spirits : a commandant De Palma investigation
Utilization of genetic resources : suitable approaches, agronomical evaluation and use
Growth and productivity of haricot bean (Phaseolus vulgaris L.) under different moisture and light regimes = Vekst og produktivitet hos hagebønne (Phaseolus vulgaris L.) ved ulik tilgang på vatn og lys
Women of value, men of renown : new perspectives in Trobriand exchange
Authority and ornament : art of the Sepik river Papua New Guinea
Plenty : vibrant vegetable recipes from London's Ottolenghi
Tenure in REDD : start-point and afterthought?
Occurence of soil borne pathogens on beans (Phaseolus vulgaris L.) in Nicaragua
A cook's guide to grains : delicious recipes, culinary advice & nutritional facts
Scripted lessons in Papua New Guinea : an investigation into the impact of training on elementary teachers? ability to use them
International Symposium on Greenhouse Management for Better Yield and Quality in Mild Winter Climates : Antalya, Turkey 3-5 November, 1997
Mr. Nosey and the Beanstalk
Legume nodulation : a global perspective
Leaf traits associated with drought adaptation in faba bean (Vicia faba L.)
Euphoria
Getting under the skin : the Bougainville copper agreement and the creation of the Panguna mine
The Kokoda Campaign 1942 : Myth and Reality
Beans : a history
Child of the jungle : true story of a girl caught between two worlds
Papua New Guinea : Lae Port development project
Relationship between proline metabolism and NAD kinase in green bean plants subjected to short-term salt stress
Parrots and related birds
Bryophyte flora of the Huon Peninsula, Papua New Guinea : LXXIII. Sematophyllaceae (Musci) 2 ; LXXIV. Cololejeunea (Lejeuneaceae, Hepaticae)
Anthropologists, in studying other cultures, are often tempted to offer their own explanations of strange customs when they feel that the people involved have not given a good enough reason for these customs. The question how the anthropologist can justify interpretations of customs which go beyond those offered by the people themselves runs through this book. The book focuses on the various interpretations that have been offered by anthropologists of ritual and symbolism. It offers a critical discussion of theories in this field in general, identifying their strengths and weaknesses when applied to the particular case of puberty rituals in a West Sepik village in Papua New Guinea. It then goes on to suggest an alternative approach, which draws on aesthetic as well as anthropological theory, and pays particular attention to the emotional and aesthetic experiences of people as they perform the rites.
The protection of beans, peas and lentils, 1979 - April 1990 : citations from AGRICOLA concerning diseases and other environmental considerations
The impact of intercropping green bean (Phaseolus vulgaris L.) with red beet (Beta vulgaris L. var. rubra) and radish (Raphanus sativus L.), two non-legume plants, on the plants' yields, as well as the effect on occurrence and enumeration of microorganisms in the rhizosphere was studied. The intercrop efficacy evaluation, using Land equivalent ratio, revealed values above 1.0 for all intercropped treatments. Diversity of rhizobia from green bean nodules under different intercropping and fertilizing conditions was observed. On the basis of morphological and biochemical characteristics, 67 out of 158 isolates from green bean roots were selected as rhizobia (42.4%), confirmed by detection of 780 bp nifH gene fragments in nifH-PCR, and then clustered in 27 phenotype patterns. Production of exopolysaccharide succinoglycan was observed in 23 rhizobial isolates, while 6 were detected to solubilize tricalcium phosphate. Screening of genetic diversity using (GTG)5-PCR fingerprinting showed presence of six different patterns on the 92% similarity level.
The state and its enemies in Papua New Guinea
Country operational strategy : Papua New Guinea
Vegetable diseases : a color handbook
Among the people of Avatip, a community in the Sepik region of Papua New Guinea, the most prestigious and valued forms of wealth are personal names. In this intriguing study, Simon Harrison analyses the significance of names in the context of Avatip ritual, cosmology and concepts of the person, and shows how the Avatip system of names parallels the gift-exchange systems of many other Melanesian societies. In ritualized debates, which form the public arena of Avatip political life, rival leaders and the groups they represent struggle in oratorical contests for the possession of strategic names, and, as they do so, continually manipulate possibilities of this symbolically constituted economy, these competitive processes over the past century have been progressively egalitarian type to one based on hereditary inequality and rank. The author offers a critique of the analytical arguing that it obscures the processes of political evolution in Melanesia and disguises the fundamental similarities underlying the sociocultural diversity of the region.
The passing scene in North-East New-Guinea : a documentation
The baked bean cure
Enacting the absent state : state-formation on the oil-palm frontier of Pomio (Papua New Guinea)
Content of zinc, iron and their absorption inhibitors in Nicaraguan common beans (Phaseolus vulgaris L.)
Evaluation of the expanded programme on immunization and the diarrhoetal disease control programme in the Milne Bay Province in Papua New Guinea
War in the shadows : Bougainville 1944-1945
Parrots : their care and breeding
Sorcerers of Dobu : the social anthropology of the Dobu islanders of the Western Pacific
Jim and the beanstalk
The roasting concepts
Taming and training cockatiels
Genetic purity of the common bean (Phaseolus vulgaris L. cv. ʻINTA ROJOʼ) during seed production in Nicaragua
Dried beans & grains
One, two, cockatoo!
The fighting on the Kokoda Track in World War II is second only to Gallipoli in the Australian national consciousness. The Kokoda campaign of 1942 has taken on mythical status in Australian military history. According to the legend, Australian soldiers were vastly outnumbered by the Japanese, who suffered great losses in battle and as a result of the harsh conditions of the Kokoda Track. In this important book, Peter Williams seeks to dispel the Kokoda myth. Using extensive research and Japanese sources, he explains what really happened on the Kokoda Track in 1942. Unlike most other books written from an Australian perspective, The Kokoda Campaign 1942: Myth and reality focuses on the strategies, tactics and battle plans of the Japanese and shows that the Australians were in fact rarely outnumbered. For the first time, this book combines narrative with careful analysis to present an undistorted picture of the events of the campaign. It is a must-read for anyone who is interested in the truth of the Kokoda campaign of 1942.
Salad plants for your vegetable garden
Habu : the innovation of meaning in Daribi religion
Jack and the beanstalk
Having head and showing knowledge : language shift, Christianity, and notions of self in a Papua New Guinean village
Economic, social and cultural rights in West-Papua : a study on social reality and political perspectives
CRC handbook of world food legumes : nutritional chemistry, processing technology, and utilization. Vol. 1
Utilization of tropical foods: tropical beans
Day of Shining Red
Decorative art of New Guinea : incised designs
Role of VA mycorrhiza on the growth of cowpea plant and their associative effect with N2-fixing and P-solubilizing bacteria as biofertilizers in calcareous soil
Wild : an elemental journey
Ku Waru : Language and Segmentary Politics in the Western Nebilyer Valley, Papua New Guinea
A beginner's guide to parrots
Hypotrachyna (Parmeliaceae) and allied genera in Papua New Guinea
The faba bean (Vicia faba L.) : a basis for improvement
Using wheat-mungbean plant system and arbuscular mycorrhiza to enhance in-situ bioremediation
Gunnar Landtman in Papua : 1910 to 1912
Common beans : research for crop improvement
Austronesian languages of the Morobe District, Papua New Guinea
Croplife-B with nitrous oxide or carbon dioxide extends shelf life of green beans (Phaseolus vulgaris L.) at ambient temperatures
Through wildest Papua
Bryophyte flora of the Huon Peninsula, Papua New Guinea. 57-59
By the time Australia withdrew from Papua New Guinea in 1975, about 10,000 Australian women had lived there at some stage since 1920. Many came with their husbands who were missionaries, plantation owners or government administrators while numerous others came of their own initative working as teachers, medical practitioners, nurses and missionaries. Chilla Bulbeck's book is an evocative and compelling account of the experiences of white women in Papua New Guinea between the 1920s and the 1960s. It is based on oral interviews and the written documentation of nineteen women and is written against a backdrop of official colonial affairs. By exploring the colonial period through the eyes of women, it offers fresh insight into Papua New Guinea history. Many who have personal colonial experiences will empathise with the book and it will be of interest to historians of the Pacific as well as readers in colonial studies and women's studies.
Manual of parrots, budgerigars and other psittacine birds
Taxonomy, distribution, and ecology of the genus Phaseolus (Leguminosae-Papilionoideae) in North America, Mexico and Central America
CRC handbook of world food legumes : nutritional chemistry, processing technology, and utilization. Vol. 2
Two-hour nature crafts
Quality and residual iodine content of some foods prepared with iodized salt
Sound and sentiment : birds, weeping, poetics, and song in Kaluli expression
The lovebird : a guide to selection, housing, care, nutrition, behaviour, health, and mutations
Betel-chewing equipment of East New Guinea
The world atlas of coffee : from beans to brewing - coffees explored, explained and enjoyd
Papua New Guinea & Solomon Islands
Threshold periods of weed competition in common bean (Phaseolus vulgaris L.)
Food and agriculture in Papua New Guinea
Genetic resources of Phaseolus beans : their maintenance, domestication, evolution, and utilization
Rot bilong mipela : the politics of logging in East New Britain, Papua New Guinea
Where masks still dance : New Guinea
Epidemiology of bean common bacterial blight and maize rust in intercropping
Stealing People's Names : History and Politics in a Sepik River Cosmology
Fighting Lucifer : the state and its enemies in Papua New Guinea
Cooking with wholefoods : healthy and wholesome recipes for grains, pulses, legumes and beans
Jack and the beanstalk : how a small fellow solved a big problem
Phytate from edible beans : chemistry, processing and health benefits
Jack and the beanstalk: a folk tale classic
Genetic improvement of the common bean (Phaseolus vulgaris L.) using local germplasm assisted by molecular markers
The last time I saw Harris
The folktales of the Kiwai Papuans
Koreri : messianic movements in the Biak-Numfor culture area
A checklist of languages and present-day villages of central and south-east mainland Papua
Country operational strategy study : Papua New Guinea
Activities of carbonic anhydrase, catalase and ACC oxidace of mung bean (Vigna radiata) are differentially affected by salinity stress
Rice and beans : a unique dish in a hundred places
How to grow beans, peas, asparagus, artichokes & other shoots : growing legumes and edible shoots, including celery, celeriac, globe artichokes and seakale, with more than 180 photographs
Diseases and pests of peas and beans in New Zealand and their control
Despite almost a century of contact with Europeans, the Bush Mekeo people of Papua New Guinea are still essentially unknown to the anthropological world. This book was the first detailed, comprehensive study of Bush Mekeo culture and society. Using a rigourous structuralist approach to interpret in a consistent and systematic way the principal meanings and social practices of this South Seas way of life, Mark Mosko provides a convincing portrayal of Bush Mekeo culture and society as a unified, coherent and logical 'whole'. The main force of the book is to explore empirically the logic by which Bush Mekeo symbols are connected. Beginning with native symbolic constructions of space and time, Professor Mosko carefully unfolds the associated beliefs and practices pertaining to the body, to the relations between genders, to the system of social organisation and to the dramatic and resplendent Bush Mekeo mortuary ceremonial.
Effects of some processing techniques on the functional properties of winged bean seed flours
A Papua New Guinea political chronicle 1967-1991
Faba beans in diets for growing-finishing pigs
Bryophytes from Frieda River, East and West Sepik Provinces, Papua New Guinea. IV. Chiloscyphus koponenii sp. nov. (Geocalycaceae)
The highlanders of New Guinea are renowned for their elaborate systems of ceremonial exchange. Although much has been written about them, previous accounts have concentrated far less on the conduct of exchange events than on the structure of exchange systems. This 1991 book deals centrally with the conduct of particular exchange events, and shows through examination of them how larger social structures are reproduced and transformed. As part of the emphasis on exchange as social action, the book closely examines the oratory that plays a crucial part in the events. Basing their study on original fieldwork carried out in the Nebilyer Valley, Francesca Merlan and Alan Rumsey focus on an inter related set of large-scale compensation payments which arose out of an episode of warfare. This book furthers our understanding of the interaction between social structures and historical events; and particularly of the crucial role of talk. It will be of special interest to anthropologists and linguists.
Test of a field method for cleaning bean (Phaseolus vulgaris L.) seeds from seedborne diseases in Nicaragua
Sagali and the Kula : a regional systems analysis of the Massim
Society of others : kinship and mourning in a West Papuan place
Croplife-B is said by the manufacturer to stimulate the production of phytoalexins and to reduce fungal growth in sprayed plants. To investigate the effects of Croplife-B preharvest sprays and increased postharvest carbon dioxide (CO₂) and nitrous oxide (N₂O) concentration on pod quality and shelf life, off-season green bean plants, winter-grown in the warm Jordan Valley, were sprayed twice at a rate of 270 ml/ha Croplife-B. Green bean pods were kept after harvest in 100 kPa N₂O, 20 kPa CO₂ or 60 g dry ice (frozen CO₂) in 120-litre barrels for twenty days. Results indicated that Croplife-B accelerated the production time and reduced mold appearance and development during and after storage when used alone or in combination with CO₂, N₂O or dry ice treatments. Croplife-B did not affect firmness, total soluble solids, pH, titratable acidity, color, volume or moisture-content loss of green bean pods stored at 23-16 degrees C, maximum-minimum ambient temperatures and 88% relative humidity. Nitrous oxide and CO₂ treatments resulted in decreased water loss from the pods and maintained regular pod shape throughout the storage period, with N₂O being the most efficient treatment. Nitrous oxide and CO₂ resulted in improved bean pod coloration at the end of storage time. Firmness and titratable acidity decreased while the pH increased more when beans were treated with N₂O and CO₂ during the storage period than in the dry ice treatment or control. White mold did not appear for 20 days on pods treated with N₂O and CO₂ when stored at 16-23 degrees C and 88% relative humidity. With dry ice treatment the white mold appeared at 10 days of storage. Dry ice treatment reduced the appearance of mold, maintaining it at under 50% for 20 days. The beneficial effect of N₂O and CO₂, coupled with Croplife, in inhibiting the mold continued for 10 days after the bean pods were removed from storage on Day 20. The results of these experiments are consistent with Croplife-B acting as an elicitor of phytoalexins.
Pests, diseases, and disorders of peas and beans : a color handbook
Mauwake reference grammar
Australian Women in Papua New Guinea : Colonial Passages 1920–1960
The lovebird : an owner's guide to a happy healthy pet
Nutritional value of cereal products, beans and starches
Soybean : genetics, molecular biology and biotechnology
Technical assistance to Papua New Guinea for the hydrocarbon sector policy and strategy study
Sensual relations : engaging the senses in culture and social theory
Intercropped red beet and radish with green bean affected microbial communities and nodulation by indigenous rhizobia
One thousand one Papua New Guinean nights : folktales from Wantok newspaper. volume 2, Tales from 1986-1997, indices, glossary, references and maps
Response of cowpea (Vigna unguiculata L. Walp) to methods and levels of irrigation under varying fertilizer levels in a semi-arid region of Nigeria
