http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20261 neoliberalism
neoliberalism
Contradictions of neoliberal planning : cities, policies, and politics
Neoliberalism : national and regional experiments with global ideas
Capitalist growth is widely heralded as the only answer to the crisis still sweeping the global economy. Yet the era of corporate globalisation has been defined by unprecedented levels of inequality and environmental degradation. A return to capitalist growth threatens to exacerbate these problems, not solve them. In The Poverty of Capitalism, John Hilary reveals the true face of transnational capital in its insatiable drive for expansion and accumulation. He exposes the myth of 'corporate social responsibility' (CSR), and highlights key areas of conflict over natural resources, labour rights and food sovereignty. Hilary also describes the growing popular resistance to corporate power, as well as the new social movements seeking to develop alternatives to capitalism itself. This book will be essential reading for all those concerned with global justice, human rights and equity in the world order. --Publisher's description.
Abstract.
Political economy and ecology of water control : dynamics of water policy reform and water justice in Taita Hills, South-Eastern Kenya
The governance of education : how neo-liberalism is transforming policy and practice
The threat of race : reflections on racial neoliberalism
Renewing dialogues in marxism and education : openings
The art of shrinking heads : on the new servitude of the liberated in the age of total capitalism : Dany-Robert Dufour ; translated by David Macey
Markets and market liberalization : ethnographic reflections
The promise and disillusion of education : perspectives on gender, agency, education and the labour market in Finnish Lapland
Knowledge & power in the global economy : the effects of school reform in a neoliberal/neoconservative age
Why voice matters : culture and politics after neoliberalism
The diverse impacts of the neoliberal social policies on children's welfare and social work with young people : the Finnish perspective
Right now the global economy is on the brink of (another) depression. In Economic Reform Now, some of the world's leading economists issue a strong warning on the grave errors that are threatening to take the global economy over the brink. Richard Koo warns about the dangers of fiscal austerity in times of deleveraging by the private sector. James K. Galbraith illustrates the dangers of deregulation of the financial markets. Paul Davidson explains the concept of objective uncertainty. Jayati Ghosh explores economic integration in the developing world. And Heiner Flassbeck wraps up by highlighting the need for a new international monetary system that better reflects the fundamentals and puts trade back into its proper role of stimulating development. As Europe moves closer to economic disaster, and America fights back a return to double-digit unemployment, this is a must read for policy makers and anyone else concerned about the economy.
Inventing the future : postcapitalism and a world without work
Transforming the frontier : peace parks and the politics of neoliberal conservation in southern Africa
Turkey and the global economy : neo-liberal restructuring and integration in the post-crisis era
The rise and fall of neoliberal capitalism
Changing welfare, changing states : new directions in social policy
Happiness as enterprise : an essay on neoliberal life
Neoliberalism : The Concept and its Use in the Context of Political Philosophy
Neoliberalism : a critical reader
Global economy, global justice : theoretical objections and policy alternatives to neoliberalism
Democratizing democracy : beyond the liberal democratic canon
Blunting neoliberalism : tripartism and economic reforms in the developing world
Language and neoliberalism
Education : reclaiming a collective purpose : a Marxist perspective
The return of radicalism : reshaping the left institutions
Internalizing globalization : the rise of neoliberalism and the decline of national varieties of capitalism
The spectre at the feast : capitalist crisis and the politics of recession
This volume brings together twenty original essays on the changes and continuities in gender relations and intersecting politics of sexuality, race, class and location. The book is situated in debates about contemporary culture at a moment of rapid technological change, global interconnectedness and the growing cultural dominance of neoliberalism and postfeminism. The collection traverses disciplines, spaces and approaches. It is marked by an extraordinarily wide focus, ranging from analyses of celebrity magazines and makeover shows to examinations of the experiences of young female migrants, 'mail order brides' and young women who repudiate feminism. The contributions are united by their attempts to think through the ways in which experiences and representations of femininity are changing in the twenty-first century. Are we seeing new femininities? Are neoliberalism and postfeminism constructing new identities and subjectivities? What kinds of analytic tools and cultural politics are needed to engage critically with the current moment? This book will be of interest to everyone studying gender, media or cultural studies.
Recapturing democracy : neoliberalization and the struggle for alternative urban futures
New femininities : postfeminism, neoliberalism and subjectivity
Who really runs the global economy? Who benefits most from it? The answer is a triad of 'governance institutions' - The IMF, the World Bank and the WTO. Globalization massively increased the power of these institutions and they drastically affected the livelihoods of peoples across the world. Yet they operate undemocratically and aggressively promote a particular kind of neoliberal capitalism. Under the 'Washington Consensus' they proposed, poverty was to be ended by increasing inequality. This new edition of "Unholy Trinity", completely updated and revised, argues that neoliberal global capitalism has now entered a period of crisis so severe that governance will become impossible. Huge incomes for a small number of super-rich people produced an unstable global economy, rife with speculation and structurally prone to crises. The IMF is in disgrace, the WTO can hardly meet anymore and the World Bank survives as a global philanthropist. Is this the end for the Unholy Trinity?
"The recognition of Indigenous rights and the management of land and resources have always been fraught with complex power relations and conflicting expressions of identity. In Indigenous Encounters with Neoliberalism, Isabel Altamirano-Jiménez explores how this issue is playing out in two countries very differently marked by neoliberalism's local expressions - Canada and Mexico. Weaving together four distinct case studies, two from each country - Nunavut, the Nisga'a, the Zapatista Caracoles in Chiapas, and the Zapotec from Juchitán - Altamirano-Jiménez presents insights from Indigenous feminism, critical geography, political economy, and post-colonial studies. These specific examples highlight Indigenous people's responses to neoliberalism in their respective countries, reflecting the tensions that result from how Indigenous identity, gender, and the environment have been connected. Indigenous women's perspectives are particularly illuminating as they articulate diverse aspirations and concerns within a wider political framework. What emerges is a theoretical and empirical discussion of how indigeneity as an act of articulation is embedded in tensions between local needs and global wants. By exploring Indigenous peoples' relations to and in different locations, this study attempts to uncover the complexities of materializing neoliberalism and the fluidity of indigeneity."--Publisher's website.
"Examines the contemporary discourse on happiness through the lens of governmentality theory"--Provided by publisher.
Neolibs, neocons and gender justice : lessons from global negotiations
Nancy Fraser's major new book traces the feminist movement's evolution since the 1970s and anticipates a new - radical and egalitarian - phase of feminist thought and action. During the ferment of the New Left, "Second Wave" feminism emerged as a struggle for women's liberation and took its place alongside other radical movements that were questioning core features of capitalist society. But feminism's subsequent immersion in identity politics coincided with a decline in its utopian energies and the rise of neoliberalism. Now, foreseeing a revival in the movement, Fraser argues for a reinvigorated feminist radicalism able to address the global economic crisis. Feminism can be a force working in concert with other egalitarian movements in the struggle to bring the economy under democratic control, while building on the visionary potential of the earlier waves of women's liberation. This powerful new account is set to become a landmark of feminist thought.
Globalization and development in Latin America
Governmentality, biopower, and everyday life
People power in an era of global crisis : rebellion, resistance and liberation / edited by Barry K. Gills and Kevin Gray
The limits of neoliberalism : authority, sovereignty and the logic of competition
Nothing is true and everything is possible : adventures in modern Russia
Teaching democracy : citizenship education as critical pedagogy
Protecting future generations through commons
Neoliberalization : states, networks, peoples
Unspeakable things : sex, lies and revolution
The rise and fall of neoliberalism : collapse of an economic order?
Latin America after neoliberalism : developmental regimes in post-crisis states
The competition state and its view of international relations : the case of Finland
Revolting subjects : social abjection and resistance in neoliberal Britain
In Biopolitical Screens, Pasi Väliaho charts and conceptualizes the imagery that composes our affective and conceptual reality under twenty-first-century capitalism. Väliaho investigates the role screen media play in the networks that today harness human minds and bodies -- the ways that images animated on console game platforms, virtual reality technologies, and computer screens capture human potential by plugging it into arrangements of finance, war, and the consumption of entertainment. Drawing on current neuroscience and political and economic thought, Väliaho argues that these images work to shape the atomistic individuals who populate the neoliberal world of accumulation and war. Väliaho bases his argument on a broad notion of the image as something both visible and sayable, detectable in various screen platforms but also in scientific perception and theoretical ideas. After laying out the conceptual foundations of the book, Väliaho offers focused and detailed investigations of the current visual economy. He considers the imagery of first-person shooter video games as tools of "neuropower"; explores the design and construction of virtual reality technologies to treat post-traumatic stress disorder in veterans of Iraq and Afghanistan; and examines three instances of video installation art that have the power to disrupt the dominant regime of sensibility rather than reinforce it.
Liberalism, neoliberalism, social democracy : thin communitarian perspectives on political philosophy and education
Fortunes of feminism : from state-managed capitalism to neoliberal crisis
A major new manifesto for a high-tech future free from work  Neoliberalism isn't working. Austerity is forcing millions into poverty and many more into precarious work, while the left remains trapped in stagnant political practices that offer no respite.  Inventing the Future is a bold new manifesto for life after capitalism. Against the confused understanding of our high-tech world by both the right and the left, this book claims that the emancipatory and future-oriented possibilities of our society can be reclaimed. Instead of running from a complex future, Nick Srnicek and Alex Williams demand a postcapitalist economy capable of advancing standards, liberating humanity from work and developing technologies that expand our freedoms.
Fidel Castro on imperialist globalization : two speeches
Economic elites, crises, and democracy : alternatives beyond neoliberal capitalism
Human action : a treatise on economics
Neoliberalism in crisis
Poverty of capitalism : economic meltdown and the struggle for what comes next
The neo-liberal state
The modern state subverted : risk and the deconstruction of solidarity
Challenging the system? : a dramatic tale of neoliberal reform in an Australian high school
Neoliberalism as exception : mutations in citizenship and sovereignty
Yhteenveto (Summary)
With the renaissance of market politics on a global scale, precarious work has become pervasive. This edited collection explores the spread across a number of economic sectors and countries worldwide of work that is invariably insecure, dirty, low-paid, and often temporary and/or part-time. The first part of this cross-disciplinary book analyses the different forms of precarious work that have arisen over the past thirty years in both the Global North and South. These transformations are captured in ethnographically orientated chapters on sweatshops, day labour, homework, Chinese construction workers' unpaid contract work, the introduction of insecure contracting into the Korean automotive industry, and the insecurity of Brazilian sugarcane cutters. The case studies all shed light upon how the nature of work and the workplace are changing under the pressures of neoliberal capitalism and what this means for workers.The editors and contributors then detail some of the ways in which precarious workers are seeking to improve their own situations through their efforts to counter the growth of precarity under neoliberal capitalism, efforts that involve collectively exploring forms of resistance to work restructuring and the failures of traditional trade unions to fully engage with precarious work's growth. Illustrating the impacts of the expansion of precarious work, this book will appeal to students, academics and those generally interested in the issues of the global economy, the reworking of labour markets, the impacts of neoliberal capitalism and ethnographies of the working poor in various parts of the world.
Buying time : the delayed crisis of democratic capitalism
Globalization's contradictions : geographies of discipline, destruction, and transformation
Undoing the demos : neoliberalism's stealth revolution
Searching for authentic living through native faith : the Maausk movement in Estonia
States of discipline : authoritarian neoliberalism and the contested reproduction of capitalist order
Global education reform : how privatization and public investment influence education outcomes
Selling the Serengeti : the cultural politics of safari tourism
Social justice, transformation and knowledge : policy, workplace learning and skills
Working the spaces of neoliberalism : activism, professionalisation and incorporation
Legitimation process of development policy in Ghanaian economic growth
The globalization decade : a critical reader
Neoliberal governance, sustainable development and local communities in the Barents Region
This collection brings together a diverse range of analyses to interrogate policy changes and to grapple with the on-going transformations of neoliberalism in both North America and various Latin American states.
New feminisms, gender equality and neoliberalism in swedish girl films, 1995-2006
The clash of globalisations : neo-liberalism, the third way and anti-globalisation
"The financial and economic crisis that began in 2008 still has the world on tenterhooks. The gravity of the situation is matched by a general paucity of understanding about what is happening and how it started. In this book, based on his 2012 Adorno Lectures given in Frankfurt, Wolfgang Streeck places the crisis in the context of the long neoliberal transformation of postwar capitalism that began in the 1970s. He analyses the subsequent tensions and conflicts involving states, governments, voters and capitalist interests, as expressed in inflation, public debt, and rising private indebtedness. Streeck traces the transformation of the tax state into a debt state, and from there into the consolidation state of today. At the centre of the analysis is the changing relationship between capitalism and democracy, in Europe and elsewhere, and the advancing immunization of the former against the latter"--
Property rights and neoliberalism : cultural demands and legal actions
Insights beyond neo-liberal educational practices : the value of discourse analysis
The government of life : Foucault, biopolitics, and neoliberalism
Inequality, marketization and the majority class : why did the European middle classes accept neo-liberalism?
A brief history of neoliberalism
Why doesn't microfinance work? : the destructive rise of local neoliberalism
'[A] provocative edited volume, which will appeal to academic audiences but also to the informed reader...Perhaps the most innovative feature of the collection is its geographic reach, encompassing Canada and the US as well as Latin America, and combining comparative thematic chapters with country case studies.' - Times Higher Education.
Transform! : European journal for alternative thinking and political dialogue. 03/2008, Capitalism's secular crisis and the European social model
Class dynamics of agrarian change
Criminal justice and neoliberalism
This book highlights the way in which contemporary forms of governance, policy and politics have been reframed by women 'working the spaces of power'. It shows how links between activism and work have generated innovations that have since become 'common sense' forms of policy and practice. Janet Newman draws on interviews with a wide variety of women in positions of power, some at the highest levels of government, some who have led major voluntary bodies, others who are entrepreneurs, philanthropists, community activists and campaigners. All of their work has been informed by a range of social movements and activist commitments. Newman uses these interviews to interrogate, develop and challenge existing approaches to understanding social and political change.
Mobile phones and the rise of neo-liberal consumer subjectivity in Palestine
Participolis : consent and contention in neoliberal urban India
Strategy and performance of water supply and sanitation providers : effects of two decades of neo-liberalism
Unholy trinity : the IMF, World Bank, and WTO
The birth of biopolitics : lectures at the Collège de France, 1978-1979
Mercury beats Minerva? : essays on the accelerating impact of market logic permeating higher education
Beyond neoliberalism in Latin America? : societies and politics at the crossroads
Silent revolution : the rise and crisis of market economics in Latin America
National development discourses within the global development hegemony : a case study of the post-2015 consultations in Tanzania
This is not art : activism and other 'not-art'
Consumption intensified : the politics of middle-class daily life in Brazil
Never let a serious crisis go to waste : how neoliberalism survived the financial meltdown
Next Left
The new extractivism : a post-neoliberal development model or imperialism of the twenty-first century?
Biopolitical screens : image, power, and the neoliberal brain
Hegemony and education under neoliberalism : insights from Gramsci
Being Maasai, becoming indigenous : postcolonial politics in a neoliberal world
The international handbook of labour unions : responses to neo-liberalism
The social sciences of quantification : from politics of large numbers to target-driven policies
Neoliberal Africa : the impact of global social engineering
The rise of neoliberalism in advanced capitalist economies : towards a materialist explanation
Citizenship, civil society and development : interconnections in a global world
Ethical liberalism in contemporary societies
Transform! : European journal for alternative thinking and political dialogue. 04/2009, Crisis, crisis, crisis! : finance, economy, ecology, politics.
In a period of vast global restructuring, unrestricted capital has eroded the traditional distinctions between nations and nationhood. In The Politics of Postcolonialism, Rumina Sethi devises a new form of postcolonial studies that makes sense of these dramatic changes. Returning to the origins of the discipline, Sethi identifies it as a tool for political protest and activism among people of the third world. Using a sophisticated mix of spatial theory and local politics, she examines the uneven terrain of contemporary anti-capitalism and political upsurges in Africa, Asia and Latin America, emphasising postcolonial politics, dissent and resistance. Her analysis shows that as the traditional means of direct political control have largely lost their hold, postcolonial cultures, now dominated by neoliberalism, are seeking fresh ways to express their discontent. This original and persuasive work frees the discipline from its current preoccupation with hybridity and multiculturalism, giving students of politics, cultural studies and international relations a new perspective on postcolonialism. --Publisher's description.
This collection of original articles offers an up-to-date, critical review of the global political economy today, covering such topics as international finance, corporate governance, military power, international labour standards, global health, human rights, and more. Assembling a group of top scholars, the editors are able to provide a wide-ranging yet coherent survey of contemporary international institutions and how they are governed. In the process, they offer a useful basis for understanding the financial crisis of 2008.
The Shock Doctrine : the Rise of Disaster Capitalism
The Japanese challenge to the American neoliberal world order : identity, meaning, and foreign policy
Politics and neoliberalism : structure, process and outcome
Between BMI 20-25 : global health control
Contemporary economic theory : radical critiques of neoliberalism
American amnesia : how the war on government led us to forget what made America prosper
The new way of the world : on neoliberal society
Idiotism : capitalism and the privatisation of life
Securing the city : neoliberalism, space, and insecurity in postwar Guatemala
"The financial crisis keeps us on edge and creates a diffuse sense of helplessness. Well-nigh unfathomable problems lead to measures that seem like emergency operations on the open heart of the Western world, performed with no knowledge of the patient's clinical history. The gravity of the situation is matched by the paucity of our understanding of it, and of how it came about in the first place. In this book, compiled from his Adorno Lectures given in Frankfurt, Wolfgang Streeck lays bare the roots of the present financial, fiscal and economic crisis, seeing it as part of the long neoliberal transformation of postwar capitalism that began in the 1970s. Linking up with the crisis theories of that decade, he analyses the subsequent tensions and conflicts involving states, governments, voters and capitalist interests--a process in which the defining focus of the European state system has shifted from taxation through debt to budgetary "consolidation." The book then ends by exploring the prospects for a restoration of social and economic stability. Buying Time is a model of enlightenment. It shows that something deeply disturbing underlies the current situation: a metamorphosis of the whole relationship between democracy and capitalism"--
The new imperialists : ideologies of empire
The sources of neoliberal globalization
Neoliberalism in the context of development policy : the value basis and the implications for the concept of aid
Global Development Paradigms in Local Realities : A Case Study of the MDGs in Tanzania
The neoliberal subject : resilience, adaptation and vulnerability
The politics of postcolonialism : empire, nation and resistance
Economic reform now : a global manifesto to rescue our sinking economies
National currencies and globalization : endangered specie?
Transform! : European journal for alternative thinking and political dialogue. 02/2008, [Reform of the revolution]
Activation or workfare? governance and neo-liberal convergence
The market that failed : a decade of neoliberal economic reforms in India
Towards an understanding of the caring phenomenon - why is it so topical? : a search for its role and its attributes in holistic education
Neoliberal indigenous policy : settler colonialism and the "post-welfare" state
Contending liberalisms in world politics : ideology and power
Governing the poor : exercises of poverty reduction, practices of global aid
How politics makes us sick : neoliberal epidemics
A quarter of a century has now passed since the historic popular uprising that led to the overthrow of the Ferdinand Marcos dictatorship in the Philippines. The mass movement known as the "People Power Revolution" was not only pivotal to the democratic transition within the Philippines, but it also became an inspiration for subsequent mass movements leading to further democratic transitions throughout the Third World and in the former Communist bloc in Eastern Europe and the Soviet Union. However, the neoliberal economic policies subsequently pursued by newly democratic governments throughout the Third World led all but the most celebratory observers to note the constrained and limited nature of these formal political transitions. This volume poses the question of the extent to which 'people power' has been able to play an active role resisting neoliberalism and deepen substantive democracy and social justice. Through a series of case studies of the regions and individual countries of Asia, Africa, Latin America and Eastern Europe, the contributions in the volume provide a new set of original and in-depth critical assessments of the nature of the longer-term impact of the democratic transitions commencing in the 1980s and continuing until the present, and questioning their impact and potential influence on human dignity, freedom, justice, and self-determination, and thus opening new avenues of enquiry into the future of democracy. --Publisher's description.
Transforming world politics : from empire to multiple worlds
Neoliberalism and the political economy of tourism
The crisis of neoliberalism
Neoliberal capitalism and precarious work : ethnographies of accommodation and resistance
Working the spaces of power : activism, neoliberalism and gendered labour
Transnational perspectives on culture, policy, and education : redirecting cultural studies in neoliberal times
The bureaucratization of the world in the neoliberal era : international and comparative perspective
People's participation : challenges ahead
Liberalism : the classical tradition
Land and freedom : the MST, the Zapatistas and peasant alternatives to neoliberalism
Chile : the great transformation
Neoliberalism and the global financial crisis
Poststructuralism, marxism, and neoliberalism : between theory and politics
Summary.
Privatization : property and the remaking of nature-society relations
In the past, government and business were as much partners as rivals, resulting in broad-based growth and healthy social development. But advocates of anti-government market fundamentalism are intent on scrapping the instrument of nearly a century of unprecedented economic and social progress. Hacker and Pierson examine why what's good for American business elites and what's good for Americans have become misaligned.
The clash of globalisations : neo-liberalism, the third way, and anti-globalisation
Late modern subjects of colonial occupation : mobile phones and the rise of neoliberalism in Palestine
Neoliberalism and education in the Americas
The past as future? : the contribution of financial globalization to the current crisis of neo-liberalism as a development strategy
Distrusting educational technology : critical questions for changing times
The new right : the counter-revolution in political, economic and social thought
Masters of the universe : Hayek, Friedman, and the birth of neoliberal politics
Fast policy : experimental statecraft at the thresholds of neoliberalism
Globalization : a basic text
Gringo Gulch : sex, tourism, and social mobility in Costa Rica
Contesting neoliberal education : public resistance and collective advance
The deepening crisis : governance challenges after neoliberalism
"This book contributes both to the analysis of Kirchnerismo in Argentina and to the developmental regime approach in the political economy of development in terms of Latin America more broadly. Interpretation of the different components of Kirchnerismo through the lens of the developmental regime show the systematic way in which the different elements of the relationships between state-market, state-society, and national-international dichotomies can consistently be characterised within a developmentalist paradigm, or what Grugel terms neodesarrollismo. The developmental regime approach will greatly aid the ability to demonstrate that Kirchnerismo is a project that is necessarily rooted in all three of these developmental dichotomies, and can therefore only be wholly interpreted through such an approach. Wylde develops the analytical interpretation of the Kirchner regime 2003-2007"--
Post-neoliberalism in the Americas
Imagining interest in political thought : origins of economic rationality
Mapping corporate education reform : power and policy networks in the neoliberal state
Transcending jurisprudence : a critique of the architectonics of international law
Taking Southeast Asia to market : commodities, nature, and people in the neoliberal age
Education policy, space, and the city : markets and the (in)visibility of race
Neoliberalism : a very short introduction
Against the terror of neoliberalism : politics beyond the age of greed
Indigenous encounters with neoliberalism : place, women, and the environment in Canada and Mexico
The shock doctrine : the rice of disaster capitalism
Transform! : European journal for alternative thinking and political dialogue. 01/2007, Re-founding the European Union?
Relations of global power : neoliberal order and disorder
"Who is nursing them? It is us." : neoliberalism, HIV/AIDS, and the occupational health and safety of South African public sector nurses
Global shadows : Africa in the neoliberal world order / James Ferguson
The end of Laissez-Faire? : on the durability of embedded neoliberalism
The making of the indebted man : an essay on the neoliberal condition
This book explores the origins of the so-called "punitive turn" in penal policy across Western nations over the past two decades. It demonstrates how the context of neoliberalism has informed penal policy-making and argues that it is ultimately neoliberalism which has led to the recent intensification of punishment.
Since its intellectual inception in the 1930s and its political emergence in the 1970s, neo-liberalism has sought to disenchant politics by replacing it with economics. This agenda-setting text examines the efforts and failures of economic experts to make government and public life amenable to measurement, and to re-model society and state in terms of competition. In particular, it explores the practical use of economic techniques and conventions by policy-makers, politicians, regulators and judges and how these practices are being adapted to the perceived failings of the neoliberal model. By picking apart the defining contradiction that arises from the conflation of economics and politics, this book asks: to what extent can economics provide government legitimacy?
Surveillance in the time of insecurity
