http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20289 copulation
copulation
Mating males : an evolutionary perspective on mammalian reproduction
Genetic and behavioural divergence of queen size morphs in the red ant Myrmica ruginodiss
Multi-male mating and avoidance of infanticide in female bank voles (Clethrionomys glareolus)
Sexual selection results from competition between individuals over access to gametes of the opposite sex. Starting with anisogamy, with females producing larger and fewer gametes than males, females usually invest more in reproduction and thus have lower potential reproductive rates than males. Therefore males are traditionally suggested to compete over females whereas females are choosy. The different evolutionary interests between the sexes result in different selection regimes considering e.g. mating rates. In some species, this conflict is even seen as apparent struggles between males and females over mating decision and/or duration, resulting in antagonistic coevolution with both sexes evolving adaptations to gain more control over the other sex. In this thesis, I studied the role of A. paludum female abdominal spines as an adaptation to reject male mating attempts. I studied both the effect of polyandry and multiple matings on female fecundity to distinguish between the potential material and genetic benefits from mating to females. I also explored the role of various male and female morphological traits on precopulatory sexual selection and the consequent female reproductive output. My results show that female abdominal spines are likely evolved through arms races between the sexes to increase female control over mating decision but according to my studies, female spines are not under active selection. Instead, certain male morphological types were more successful in achieving matings, and mating with these males also increased female fecundity. I found that multiple matings increase female fecundity up to a point, supporting a theory of optimal female mating rate. According to my results, the benefits from multiple mating to A. paludum females result from material origin whereas polyandry per se is even detrimental to female fecundity.^
The lek mating system in the black grouse : the role of sexual selection
Fitness in male black grouse (Tetrao tetrix) : effects of life histories and sexual selection on male lifetime mating success
Wild sex : the science behind mating in the animal kingdom
Sex-reversed dominance and aggression in the cichlid fish Julidochromis marlieri
Polyandry and its effect on male and female fitness
The extent and causes of interspecific reproductive interactions in damselflies
Life history evolution in a bivoltine butterfly
Mating behaviour of the black grouse : genetic characteristics and physiological consequences
Bondar examines the sex lives of our animal cousins, which are fiendishly difficult, infinitely varied, and often violent. They involve razor sharp penises, murderous cannibals, and chemical warfare in an epic battle between the sexes. Like us, animals must first find the perfect partner. You think we have it tough? Try having to do it while being hunted down by predators, against a backdrop of unpredictable or life-threatening conditions. Then, sperm and egg must successfully meet. Can you imagine doing this when your partner is intent on killing you or when other disgruntled singles are determined to throw you off your game?
The Evolution of Insect Mating Systems by Thornhill and Alcock was one of the key texts that helped define modern behavioural ecology. Published in 1983, it has had a huge impact in shaping "adaptationist" approaches to the study of animal behaviour, ending up far more than the sum of its parts, and influencing the study of the evolution of reproductive behaviour far beyond the taxonomic remit of insects. While much in the original remains relevant today, our aim in this edited volume is to bring together some of world's leading insect researchers to bring the empirical and conceptual scope of the original book up to date. We explore the evolution of often complex forms of sex determination in insects, and the role of sexual selection in shaping the evolution of mating systems. Selection arising via male contest competition and female choice, both before and after copulation are discussed, as are the roles of parasites and pathogens in mediating the strength of sexual selection, and the role that parental care plays in successful reproduction.
Females of the species : sex and survival in the animal kingdom
Sexual conflict over the duration of copulation in Drosophila montana: why is longer better?
Reproductive tactics in butterflies : the adaptive significance of monandry versus polyandry in Pieris napi
Characterization and analysis of mating systems
Sex on earth : a celebration of animal reproduction
Sexual selection and the origins of human mating systems
Pre- and post-copulatory sexual selection in the least killifish, Heterandria formosa
The evolution of insect mating systems
Polyandry, multiple mating and sexual conflict in a water strider, Aquarius paludum
