http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20245 research ethics
research ethics
Counseling research : quantitative, qualitative, and mixed methods
Research methods in business studies : a practical guide
Researching conflict in Africa : insights and experiences
Research methods for criminal justice and criminology
Ethics in qualitative research
Safeguarding the rights of human subjects in medical research in Finland
The shadow side of fieldwork : exploring the blurred borders between ethnography and life
What are qualitative research ethics
The ethics of researching war : looking for Bosnia
Applying the humanities
Promoting research integrity in a global environment / editors: Tony Mayer, Nicholas Steneck
Niche tourism : contemporary issues, trends and cases
Ethics in social and behavioral research
Essentials of business research methods
Censoring science : inside the political attack on Dr. James Hansen and the truth of global warming
Toward the ethics of textualisation
Planning ethically responsible research : a guide for students and internal review boards
Ethical decision making in social research : a practical guide
The generalised other : cultural relativism and ethics in research on ethnic minorities
Nordic workshop on research ethics
This book examines the theoretical and practical aspects of ethical dilemmas in qualitative research. To many researchers, 'ethics' has been associated with following ethical guidelines and gaining ethics approval from academic bodies. However, the complexities of researching private lives and placing accounts in the public arena increasingly raise ethical issues which are not easily solved by rules and guidelines. This book addresses the gap between research practice and ethical principles that inform it, focusing on responsibility and accountability in applied feminist research practice.
Forbidden fruit : an analysis of bootlegging, uncertainty, and learning in corporate R&D
Ethnographic methods
Animal sacrifices : religious perspectives on the use of animals in science
Useful bodies : humans in the service of medical science in the twentieth century
Emotional and ethical challenges for field research in Africa : the story behind the findings
Challenges of research ethics : an introduction
Ethics codes in national administrations : a comparison of eight European countries
Queer futures : reconsidering ethics, activism, and the political
The ethics of inquiry in social science : three lectures
Research on human subjects
Becoming qualitative researchers : an introduction
Ethical issues in behavioral research : basic and applied perspectives
Research design in political science
Research beyond borders : multidisciplinary reflections
Crossroads : sketching ethical problems of culture and ageing
Inheriting the past : the making of Arthur C. Parker and indigenous archaeology
Profession of conscience : the making and meaning of life-sciences liberalism
An introduction to the study of ethics in science and scientific research, this book covers: science and ethics; ethical theory and applications; science as a profession; standards of ethical conduct in science. Objectivity in research is considered as well as ethical issues in the laboratory. Actual case studies include: Baltimore Affair; cold fusion; Milikan's oil drop experiments; human and animal cloning; Cold War experiments; strategic defence initiative; the Challenger accident; and tobacco research.
How to ensure ethicality of action research in the classroom?
The moral foundations of educational research : knowledge, inquiry and values
The lifespan of archival material : legal and ethical issues in cultural studies
Key concepts in nursing and healthcare research
Dogmatism in science and medicine : how dominant theories monopolize research and stifle the search for truth
"We often think of scientists as dispassionate and detached, nobly laboring without any expectation of reward. But scientific research is much more complicated and messy than this ideal, and scientists can be torn by jealousy, impelled by a need for recognition, and subject to human vulnerability and fallibility. In Prize Fight, Emeritus Chair at SUNY School of Medicine Morton Meyers pulls back the curtain to reveal the dark side of scientific discovery. From stolen authorship to fabricated results and elaborate hoaxes, he shows us how too often brilliant minds are reduced to petty jealousies and promising careers cut short by disputes over authorship or fudged data. Prize Fight is a dramatic look at some of the most notable discoveries in science in recent years, from the discovery of insulin, which led to decades of infighting and even violence, to why the 2003 Nobel Prize in Medicine exposed how often scientific objectivity is imperiled. "--
Towards research-orientation in professional practice 2012 : a guide to thesis work at Diaconia University of Applied Sciences
Carnap and the unity of science : the intellectual and moral formation of a science-technology generalist : a case study
Anthropologists in the field : cases in participant observation
Anthropology now and next : essays in honor of Ulf Hannerz
Ethical futures in qualitative research
Secrecy and fieldwork
Ethical research with children
Darkness in El Dorado : how scientists and journalists devastated the Amazon
Ethics in ethnography : a mixed methods approach
Ethics and science : an introduction
It takes only a matchstick : fieldwork in a closed community
Disability and gender : autonomy as an indication of adulthood
Cosmopolitan archaeologies
A guide to research for podiatrics
Ethics in cultural studies
Scientific freedom : an anthology on freedom of scientific research
Integrity in scientific research : creating an environment that promotes responsible conduct
Ethical considerations have a formidable influence on planning and conducting research. Concerns over the ethical dimensions of behavioral research have risen dramatically, resulting in significant developments in ethical codification and the research review process. The ever-changing nature of the ethical climate in research coincides with the increased sensitivity to ethics in other domains such as those involving global corporations as Enron and WorldCom. An adherence to basic values of integrity represents a fundamental concern for behavioral researchers as we progress through the 21st century. This new edition focuses on the research community's response to current professional and public demands, the issues imposed by new research technologies, and the ethical challenges that arise in the application of research approaches. Additionally, attention is given to some of the ethical issues and conflicts encountered in cross-cultural research, reflecting the increase of fundamental and applied researchers conducting studies in foreign settings.
The political philosophy of Michel Foucault
Armageddon science : the science of mass destruction
Cross-cultural perspectives on educational research
Research ethics : a philosophical guide to the responsible conduct of research
Beyond conventional boundaries : uncertainty in research and practice with children
The responsibilities of archaeologists : archaeology and ethics, Lampeter Workshop in Archaeology 4
Protecting Human Subjects in Internet Research
Emerging international norms for clinical testing : good clinical trial practice
On the problem of truth in ethnographic texts and entextualisation processes
Persuasion or coercion? : striving for understanding in conducting open interviews
Lost paradises and the ethics of research and publication
Ethics, social research and consulting with children and young people
Global ethics : an overview
Who owns your genes? What does climate science imply for policy? Do corporations conduct honest research? Should we teach intelligent design? Humans are creating a new world through science. The kind of world we are creating will not simply be decided by expanding scientific knowledge, but will depend on views about good and bad, right and wrong. These visions, in turn, depend on critical thinking, cogent argument and informed judgement. In this book, Adam Briggle and Carl Mitcham help readers to cultivate these skills. They first introduce ethics and the normative structure of science and then consider the 'society of science' and its norms for the responsible conduct of research and the treatment of human and animal research subjects. Later chapters examine 'science in society' - exploring ethical issues at the interfaces of science, policy, religion, culture and technology. Each chapter features case studies and research questions to stimulate further reflection.
Children as research subjects : science, ethics, and law
APA handbook of ethics in psychology. Volume 2, practice, teaching, and research
Research ethics in studies of culture and social life
Qualitative research : bridging the conceptual, theoretical, and methodological
Reflexivity and some ethical problems in studying middle class women in Kenya
The gene : an intimate history
The research process
"This book provides a sophisticated yet accessible account of emerging trends in stem cell research and their accompanying ethical issues"--
100 activities for teaching research methods
Defining the topic
Research ethics
Methods toward a science of behavior and experience
A code of ethics for folklore studies : an invitation to participate in an interdisciplinary debate
The handbook of ethical research with ethnocultural populations and communities
Ethics and academic freedom in educational research
The role of philosophy of science and ethics in university science education
The student's guide to research ethics
Contemporary trauma narratives : liminality and the ethics of form
The ethics of educational research
Representing youth : methodological issues in critical youth studies
Understanding nursing research : building an evidence-based practice
On fact and fraud : cautionary tales from the front lines of science
Determinants and controls of scientific development : proceedings of a conference initiated by a project group at the Institute for advanced studies, Vienna, and held at Otto-Möbes-Volkswirtschaftsschule, Graz-Stifting, Austria, June 16-22, 1974
Research methods
Negotiating boundaries and borders : qualitative methodology and development research
Anthropology and the politics of representation
Ethics and the profession of anthropology : dialogue for ethically conscious practice
Guidelines for the prevention, handling and investigation of misconduct and fraud in scientific research
Doing research/reading research : re-interrogating education
Science and ethics : papers presented at a symposium held under the aegis of the Australian Academy of Science, University of New South Wales, November 7, 1980
The Oxford textbook of clinical research ethics
A magnificent history of the gene and a response to the defining question of the future: What becomes of being human when we learn to "read" and "write" our own genetic information? Siddhartha Mukherjee has a written a biography of the gene as deft, brilliant, and illuminating as his extraordinarily successful biography of cancer. Weaving science, social history, and personal narrative to tell us the story of one of the most important conceptual breakthroughs of modern times, Mukherjee animates the quest to understand human heredity and its surprising influence on our lives, personalities, identities, fates, and choices.
Ethical choices in research : managing data, writing reports, and publishing results in the social sciences
Research methods : the basics
Ethics and embodiment in ethnographic interactions
Women's words : the feminist practice of oral history
Women's Words is the first collection of writings devoted exclusively to exploring the theoretical, methodological, and practical problems that arise when women utilize oral history as a tool of feminist scholarship. In thirteen multi-disciplinary essays, the book takes stock of the implicit presuppositions, contradictions, and prospects of oral history at the hands of feminist scholars.
Practising social work ethics around the world : cases and commentaries
Ethics for graduate researchers : a cross-disciplinary approach
Rethinking children and research : attitudes in contemporary society
Science, ethics, and politics : conversations and investigations
Yanomami : the fierce controversy and what we can learn from it
Self-reflection and ethics
Ethics on the agenda
Demands of the day : on the logic of anthropological inquiry
"Ordinarily, responsible conduct of research (RCR) 'training' consists of lectures accompanied by generic exercises on 'core' topics. Research Ethics takes a novel, philosophical approach to the RCR and the teaching of moral decision-making. Part I introduces egoism and explains that it is in the individuals own interest to avoid misconduct, fabrication of data, plagiarism and bias. Part II takes up contractualism and covers issues of authorship, peer review and responsible use of statistics. Part III introduces moral rights as the basis of informed consent, the use of humans in research, mentoring, intellectual property and conflicts of interests. Part IV uses two-level utilitarianism to explore the possibilities and limits of the experimental use of animals, duties to the environment and future generations, and the social responsibilities of researchers. This book replaces mind-numbing rote exercises with an adventure in moral imagination and is an essential guide for graduate students in all disciplines"--
Pharmacoethics : a problem-based approach
Case studies for ethics in academic research in the social sciences
Researching social life
Research synergies in social professions / edited by Maria Michailidis, Silvia Fargion and Robert Sanders
Growing ethical : outlining a pedagogical framework for the learning of research ethics in higher education
A list of keywords
The sensitive scientist : report of a British association study group
Ethics in social research
Betrayers of the truth
Towards quality improvement of action research : developing ethics and standards
Action research for nurses
Designing research in education : concepts and methodologies
Research methodology : a step-by-step guide for beginners
Farm animal welfare : social, bioethical, and research issues
This is a comprehensive introduction to research design for university students at all levels across the whole range of political science, including international relations and public administration. It covers the key steps in the research process and explains the logic and detail of a varietyof classic and cutting-edge methods. Based on a pluralistic approach, the text endorses both quantitative and qualitative research methodologies, and outlines the strengths and limitations of different designs for addressing particular research goals. Giving accessible and practical advice, without use of mathematical formulas or formalized notation, this clear and engaging book features many examples of real political science research, and will enable readers to design their own research projects as well as to critically evaluate existing research in the social sciences.
A diagram of ethical issues
Summary: On the boundaries of autobiography, death and writing.
Research methods for the behavioral and social sciences
Social sciences as sorcery
Qualitative research in nursing and healthcare
A comparison of relevant ethical codes
The future for social policy in a global context : why the south now needs to take the lead
Ethical issues in behavioral research : a survey
The responsible conduct of research
Ethical issues in folkloristic reseach
Folkloristic research ethics in a processual view. 2.
Organizational ethics : research and ethical environments
Research ethics for social scientists : between ethical conduct and regulatory compliance
Multidisciplinary dialogue : wellbeing, technology and environment : extended abstract book
Ethics in indigenous research : past experiences - future challenges
Advanced qualitative research : a guide to using theory
Researching the margins : strategies for ethical and rigorous research with marginalised communities
"This study examines how conflicts of interest have become pervasive, and explores the troubling state of research funding and flaws of the peer-review process. It looks in depth at the dominance of several specific theories, including the Big Bang cosmology, human-caused global warming, HIV as a cause of AIDS, and the efficacy of anti-depressant drugs"--
The ethics of science : an introduction
Folkloristic research ethics in a processual view. 1.
Folklore archives, heritage politics and ethical dilemmas : notes on writing and printing
What price better health? : hazards of the research imperative
The little book of design research ethics
Digital detectives : solving information dilemmas in an online world
Research methods in health promotion
Research in the minefield of privacy and intimacy : the problems of consent
"In recent years, a growing number of scientific careers have been brought down by scientists' failure to satisfactorily confront ethical challenges. Scientists need to learn early on what constitutes acceptable ethical behavior in their professions. Ethical Principles for the Behavioral and Brain Sciences encourages readers to engage in discussions of the diverse ethical dilemmas encountered by behavioral and brain scientists. The goal is to allow scientists to reflect on ethical issues before potentially confronting them. Each chapter is authored by a prominent scientist in the field who describes a dilemma, how it was resolved, and what the scientist would do differently if confronted with the situation again. Featuring commentary throughout and a culmination of opinions and experiences shared by leaders in the field, the goal of this book is not to provide 'correct' answers to real-world ethical dilemmas. Instead, authors pose the dilemmas, discuss their experiences and viewpoints on them, and speculate on alternative reactions to the issues"--
Ethics in Ethnography (Book 6 in the Ethnographer's Toolkit series) explores the burgeoning field of research ethics and addresses how both formal and informal ethical considerations underpin good ethnographic research. Coming from the position that no particular research design is more or less prone to generate ethical issues, LeCompte and Schensul open this volume with a short history of formal oversight for human research and address the formal ethical responsibilities incumbent upon researchers. Next, they consider how informal or "everyday" ethics affect researchers' daily interactions in the field. In recognition of the shift toward team-based field research, the authors pay special attention to ethics related to collaborative research. The book concludes with an examination of new challenges and issues ranging from new field realities to the ethics of interpreting research results. As with all books in the series, this title features case studies, checklists, key points to remember, and additional resources to consult; the result is a uniquely detailed and eminently useful introduction to the ethical conduct of ethnography.
Success with your early years research project
Bioethics and the future of stem cell research
Encountering the changing Barents : research challenges and opportunities
When science offers salvation : patient advocacy and research ethics
Oral historian - neither moralizer nor informer
In science we trust? : moral and political issues of science in society
This edited collection is intended as a primer for core concepts and principles in research ethics and as an in-depth exploration of the contextualization of these principles in practice across key disciplines. The material is nested so that readers can engage with it at different levels and depths. It is unique in that it combines an analysis of complex ethical debates about the nature of research and its governance with the best of case-based and discipline-specific approaches. It deals with the following topics in depth: in the natural sciences, it explores the scientific integrity of the researcher and the research process, human cloning as a test case for the limits to research, and the emerging ethical issues in nanotechnology; in the health sciences, it takes up the question of consent, assent and proxies, research with vulnerable groups and the ethics of clinical trials; in the social sciences, it explores the issues that arise in qualitative research, interviews and ethnography; and in the humanities, it examines contested archaeologies and research in divided societies. Overview of Research Ethics Principles Full text papers from experienced researchers across many disciplines Dialogue with ethicists.
Do we need a folkloristic code of ethics? : a seminar report
Doing research, making science: the memory of Roma workers
Extraordinary anthropology : transformations in the field
Ethical challenges in the behavioral and brain sciences : case studies and commentaries
Ethical issues in literacy research
Value considerations in folkloristic research ethics
Research methodology in the medical and biological sciences
Prize fight : the race and the rivalry to be the first in science
Qualitative research methods in education. Vol. 4, Contemporary methods, issues and debates in qualitative research in education : ethics, science, policy and politics
Ethics for researchers : facilitating research excellence in FP7
Ethical issues in clinical research : a practical guide
Ethics and social science research
Ethics is an increasingly important theme in social work practice. Worldwide, social workers experience common ethical challenges (how to be fair, whether to break a rule, how to act in politically tense situations) in very different contexts -- from disaster relief in China to child protection work in Palestine. This book takes as its starting point real life cases featuring ethical problems in the areas of: negotiating roles and boundaries, respecting rights, being fair, challenging and developing organisations and working with policy and politics. Each case opens with a brief introduction, is followed by two commentaries and ends with questions for reflection. The commentaries, written by authors from different countries, refer to relevant theories, concepts, practical matters, alternative courses of action and their implications. Features within the book include: An introductory chapter covering issues of global ethics Cases and commentaries drawn from across the world -- from Peru to Finland Cases based on real life situations and chapter introductions from leading authorities in social work and ethical theory Questions and practical exercises to aid teaching and professional development This book is a unique and accessible resource for stimulating ethical reflection, expanding ethical horizons and developing ethical and intercultural sensitivity. It is designed for use by undergraduate and postgraduate students and professionals in the fields of social work, social education/pedagogy, social care work, international social work, community development, community organisation, youth work and related fields.
Ethics in research on animal behaviour
Conducting research with children and adolescents : design, methods and empirical cases
Suomen Akatemian tutkimuseettiset ohjeet = Finlands Akademis forskningsetiska anvisningar = Academy of Finland : guidelines on research ethics
Business research methods
Good research practice - what is it? : views, guidelines and examples
Who should know what? : social science, privacy and ethics
Making representations : museums in the post-colonial era
Where do you start with a research project? How do you choose a good question? What are tutors looking for in an outstanding project? This book will help you answer all of the above and that is just the beginning. With examples of real research projects from students just like you, it takes you through each step of the process including: Choosing your question and approach Making sure your research is ethical Gathering and analysing data Reaching conclusions Putting your findings into practice. After each example the authors provide commentary on what made each project so good, or what needed more work, helping you see what a good project really looks like.
Global health care : issues and policies
