http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20200 chromium
chromium
Chromium
The Koillismaa layered igneous complex, Finland - its structure, mineralogy and geochemistry, with emphasis on the distribution of chromium
Yves Klein : long live the immaterial! : Musée d'Art Moderne et d'Art Contemporain, Nice, April 28 - September 4, 2000 : Museo Pecci, Prato, September 23, 2000 - January 10, 2001 / Gilbert Perlein, Bruno Corà
The sacred made real : Spanish painting and sculpture 1600-1700 : [the National Gallery, London, 21 October 2009 - 24 January 2010 : National Gallery of Art, Washington, 28 February - 31 May 2010] / Xavier Bray ; with Alfonso Rodríguez G. de Ceballos, Daphne Barbour and Judy Ozone ; and contributios by Maria Fernanda Morón de Castro ... [et al.]
Adverse reactions to metal debris in metal-on-metal hip resurfacings and total hip arthroplasties : screening, diagnostics and treatment
Novel applications related to bisphosphorus compounds
No health alarm from chromium
Metal-modified activated charcoals in concentration and separation of arsenic, selenium and chromium species before EDXRF and GFAAS analyses
Chromium. Volume 1 , Chemistry of chronium and its compounds
Lung cancer and autoimmune diseases are complex entities in that they involve gene disturbance, gene polymorphism, and impaired gene repair mechanisms. The volume focuses on altered gene expression in tumor processes and in chronic autoimmune disorders. The chapters discuss the biological rationale for novel disease protein markers, present relevant clinical results, and give some diagnostic and therapeutic tips.
Development of speciation methods for arsenic, chromium, halogenides and oxyhalogens by ion chromatography-inductively coupled plasma mass spectrometry
Mineralogical research on chromitites of the Akanvaara deposit and products of their processing with emphasis on PGM/PGE
Electrokinetic removal of copper and chromium from sand using different enhancement techniques
The removal of chromium (VI) from wastewater
Isotope ratio mass spectrometry of iron, nickel, chromium and palladium using their volatile phosphorus trifluoride complexes : application of a microscale cocondensation method to sample preparation
Microstructural study of aluminum phosphate sealed plasma sprayed alumina and chromia coatings
Experimental study and modelling of viscosity of chromium containing slags
Chromium martensitic hot-work tool steels : damage, performance and microstructure
Experimental study on solid state reduction of chromite with rising temperature
Thermodynamic analysis of the binary systems Cu-Cr, Cu-Nb and Cu-V
Finnish expert report on best available techniques in ferrochromium production
Monochromes : from Malevich to the present / essays: Barbara Rose ... [et al.] ; edited by Valeria Varas, Raul Rispa
Inorganic chromium(VI) compounds
Color and/or monochrome : a perspective on contemporary art : September 30 - November 26, 1989, The National Museum of Modern Art, Tokyo, January 5 - February 12, 1990, The National Museum of Modern Art, Kyoto / organized by: The National Museum of Modern Art, Tokyo, The National Museum of Modern Art, Kyoto in collaboration with: Gothe-Institut, Tokyo, The British Council
Occupational exposure to chromium and nickel in Finland and its estimation by biological monitoring
Monitoring programme of Finnish arable land : Aqua regia extractable trace elements in cultivated soils in 1998
Simultaneous adsorption of Cd, Cr, Cu, Ni, Pb and Zn by different soils
Oskuldens århundrade - den vita monokromens historia = Century of innocence - the history of the white monochrome : [Rooseum-Center for Contemporary Art, Malmö 16.9. - 17.12. 2000 : Liljevalchs Konsthall, Stockholm, 27.1. - 25.3. 2001] / [redaktörer=editors: Åsa Nacking, Bo Nilsson]
Radical painting : Williams College Museum of Art, Williamstown, MA, 3 March - 22 April 1984 / an exhibition organized by Thomas Krens ; essay by Lilly Wei
Lung Cancer and Autoimmune Disorders
A multidisciplinary assessment of prioritized soil pollutants on the impact on the terrestrial aquatic environment : special issue
Element concentrations in wild edible mushrooms in Finland
Yves Klein : Museet for samtidskunst = the National Museum of Contemporary Art, Oslo, Norway, 26.4. - 17.8.1997 : Sara Hildénin taidemuseo = Sara Hildén Art Museum, Tampere, Finland, 6.9. - 23.11.1997 : Museum of Contemporary Art, Sydney, Australia, 11.12 / redaksjon = luettelon toimitus = catalogue edited by: Timo Vuorikoski, Karin Nellandsjø
Use of chromite microstructure image analysis to estimate concentration characteristics in the Kemi Chrome Ore
A guide to the economic removal of metals from aqueous solutions
Field balances of trace elements at the farm level on crop and dairy farms in Finland in 2004
Ecotoxicity and bioavailability of CCA in soils at an old wood impregnation site
Chromic phenomena : technological applications of colour chemistry
Chromium. Volume 1, Chemistry of chromium and its compounds
Electron spectroscopy studies of vacuum deposited chromium and cobalt layers
Chromium. Volume 2, Metallurgy of chromium and its alloys
Chromium uses & markets
Results from the Swedish National Screening Programme 2006.. Subreport 5, Hexavalent chromium, Cr(VI)
Chromium in soil and food plants adjacent to a stainless steel works : the additional dietary intake for humans
Ignác Rohrbach (1691?-1747) : restaurované sochy z farního Kostela sv. Maří Magdalény v Bohdanči = The restored sculptures from the Church of St. Mary Magdalene at Bohdaneč
Greener approach to leather techniques
Chromium in the natural and human environments
Research and exploration - where do they meet? : excursion guidebook. B4, Ore deposits of the Kola Peninsula, Northwestern Russia
Yves Klein : with the void, full powers : [Hirshhorn Museum and Sculpture Garden, Washington (DC), May 20 - September 12, 2010 : Walker Art Center, Minneapolis (MN), October 23, 2010 - February 13, 2011] / organized by Kerry Brougher and Philippe Vergne ; texts by Kerry Brougher ... [et al.]
Research and exploration - where do they meet? : excursion guidebook. B1, Ore deposits of Lapland in Northern Finland and Sweden
Removal of toxic chromium from wastewater
Rajoitettujen aineiden määrittäminen sähköteknisistä tuotteista = Determination of restricted substances of electrotechnical products
Chromium in sewage sludge applied to agricultural land : final report
Trace elements in terrestrial environments : biogeochemistry, bioavailability, and risks of metals
Uptake and effects of chromium and multiple metal contaminants in terrestrial biota in the vicinity of stainless steel works
Kromipitoisten materiaalien tehokkaampi hyödyntäminen : loppuraportti = Better utilization of Cr-containing materials : final report
Preliminary experimental results for copper and chromium removed from soils by electrokinetics
Risk evaluation of essential trace elements : essential verus toxic levels of intake : report of a Nordic project group
Stereoselective synthesis of oligosaccharides by de novo saccharide welding
Kinetic study on solid state and smelting reduction of chromite ore
Color painting : Sims, Marioni, Lawson, Hafif, Gimblett : Shirley Cerf Gallery, San Francisco, March 11-April 12, 1980
Trace elements in top- and subsoil on selected crop and dairy farms in Finland in 2004
Exposure to chromium and its long-term health effects in stainless steel production
Plantago lanceolata growth and Cr uptake after mycorrhizal inoculation in a Cr amended substrate
Arbuscular mycorrhizal fungi from two chromium contaminated sites, one with 275 mg kg⁻¹ of Cr (zone A) and the other with 550 mg kg⁻¹ Cr (zone B), were multiplied and tentatively identified. The effect of both fungal consortia on Plantago lanceolata plant growth in a substrate amended with 200 mg kg⁻¹ of Cr and with 400 mg kg⁻¹ Cr was assessed and compared with the growth of plants inoculated with Glomus intraradices BEG72. Only the plants inoculated with G. intraradices BEG72 and with the fungal consortia obtained from the area with a high Cr contamination (zone B) grew in the soil with 400 mg kg⁻¹ of Cr. The consortia of fungi from zone B, decreased the plant's uptake/translocation of the heavy metal compared with G. intraradices BEG72. These results underscore the differential effect of AM fungi in conferring bioprotection in Cr contaminated soils.
Yves Klein / by Pierre Restany ; translated from French by John Shepley
