http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20292 biomechanics
biomechanics
Selected anthropometrical, physiological and biomechanical parameters as predictors of swimming performance in young swimmers
In sport disciplines such as running, ice skating, bicycling and cross-country skiing the aerodynamic drag force constitutes the major obstacle to overcome. Furthermore, in ski jumping and in various activities involving a ball the aerodynamic lift force comes in addition into action. This book describes the various sport disciplines on the basis of aerodynamic analysis and also covers the biomechanics part by illustrative performance examples. Such treatment of the underlying physical phenomena of sport activities gives a valuable supplement to existing literature on sport. The reader will also be guided to references which exist for the various topics discussed, so she or he can go into a deeper study of the particular sport activity at wish.
Meyerhold's Theater and Biomechanics
Variability and motor control
Wearable robots : biomechatronic exoskeletons
Three-dimensional analysis of human locomotion
Biomechanical assessment of hip fracture:development of finite element models to predict fractures
Biomechanics of sports shoes
Science and practice of strenght training
A workshop in biomechanics
Motor unit activation and spinal excitability in young and elderly males during isometric and dynamic muscle actions
Cats' paws and catapults : mechanical worlds of nature and people
Basic biomechanics of the musculoskeletal system
Kinesiology for occupational therapy
Biomechanical basis of orthotic management
VIII International Symposium on Biomechanics and Medicine in Swimming : June 28 - July 2, 1998
Computer methods in mechanics : lectures of hte CMM 2009
Biotensegrity and dynamic anatomy
Biomechanics in clinic and research : an interactive teaching and learning course
Introductory biomechanics
Routledge handbook of biomechanics and human movement science
High performance gymnastics
Tissue mechanics
Effects of ageing on Achilles tendon properties and triceps surae muscle architecture in vivo
Biophysics for dummies
Estimating Lower Limb Skeletal Loading
Sports biomechanics : the basics: optimising human performance
Solid biomechanics
Biomechanics and Physical Training of the Horse
Biomechanics of distance running
The biokinetics of flying and swimming
Routledge handbook of sports technology and engineering
Muscle : fundamental biology and mechanisms of disease
Ground reaction forces, neuromuscular and metabolic responses to combined strength and endurance loading in recreational endurance athletes
Sport and exercise biomechanics
Estimation of mechanical properties of articular cartilage with MRI - dGEMRIC, T2 and T1 imaging in different species with variable stages of maturation
Introductory biomechanics : from cells to organisms
Science and football. VI, the proceedings of the sixth World Congress on science and football
Biomechanics and motor control : defining central concepts
Science and racket sports
Biomechanics of cycling
Biomechanical modeling of proximal femur:development of finite element models to simulate fractures
Evoked responses to transcranial and electrical stimulation during isometric and lengthening contractions of the soleus muscle
Biomechanical investigation of the mandible, a related donor site and reconstructions for optimal load-bearing
Fundamentals of biomechanics : equilibrium, motion, and deformation
Computational modeling of knee joint mechanics under impact and gait cycle loading : studies based on fibril reinforced models of articular cartilage
An atlas of lower limb orthotic practice
Fundamentals of biomechanics
One repetition maximum prediction from a submaximal performance in weight lifting
Optimal inter-stimulus interval for interpolated twitch technique when using double pulse stimulation
Analysing effectiveness of force application in ski skating using force and motion capture data : a model to support cross-country skiing research and coaching
The book “High Performance Gymnastics” is a state-of-the-art documentation of sport science research in artistic and rhythmic gymnastics, coming from a collaboration between Brazil and Germany, and referring to the III. SIGARC congress, hosted 2012 in Sao Paulo (Brazil). International renowned authors provide in-detail discussions in the fields of artistic and rhythmic gymnastics. Psychological topics, such as the role of the coach in gymnastics or athletes’ perceptions towards gymnastics are discussed, as well as topics from biomechanics, training science, or history.
Evaluation of the load on the spine based on a dynamic biomechanical model, electromyographic activity of back muscles, and changes in stature
Laboratory activities for life span motor development
Kinesiology : application to pathological motion
The biomechanics of sports techniques
Animal physiotherapy : assessment, treatment, and rehabilitation of animals
Biomechanics of sport
Bionics in action : the design work of Franco Lodato, Motorola
Neuromechanics of human movement
Introduction to kinesiology : studying physical activity
Introduction to exercise science
"When working with sports men and women, the biomechanist is faced with two apparently incompatible goals: reducing injury risk and improving sports performance. Now in a fully updated and revised edition, Sports Biomechanics introduces the fundamental principles that underpin our understanding of the biomechanics of both sports injury and performance, and explains how contemporary biomechanical science can be used to meet both of those goals simultaneously. The first four chapters of this book look closely at sports injury, including topics such as the properties of biological materials, mechanisms of injury occurrence, risk reduction, and the estimation of forces in biological structures. The last four chapters concentrate on the biomechanical enhancement of sports performance, including analytical techniques, statistical and mathematical modelling of sports movements, and the use of feedback to enhance sports performance. Drawing on the very latest empirical and epidemiological data, and including clear concise summaries, self test questions and guides to further reading in every chapter, this book is essential reading for all advanced undergraduate and postgraduate students with an interest in biomechanics, sports injury, sports medicine, physical therapy or performance analysis"--
Sport aerodynamics
Structure and function of human triceps surae muscle and tendon in aging
Movement : functional movement systems : screening, assessment, and corrective strategies
Planning of environments for people with physical disabilities using computer aided design
An introductory text to bioengineering
Fundamental biomechanics of sport and exercise
Biomechanics applies the principles and rigor of engineering to the mechanical properties of living systems. This book integrates the classic fields of mechanics--statics, dynamics, and strength of materials--using examples from biology and medicine. Fundamentals of Biomechanics is excellent for teaching either undergraduates in biomedical engineering programs or health care professionals studying biomechanics at the graduate level. Extensively revised from a successful first edition, the book features a wealth of clear illustrations, numerous worked examples, and many problem sets. The book provides the quantitative perspective missing from more descriptive texts, without requiring an advanced background in mathematics. It will be welcomed for use in courses such as biomechanics and orthopedics, rehabilitation and industrial engineering, and occupational or sports medicine.
Musculoskeletal disorders in the workplace : principles and practice
ISBS '98 : XVI International Symposium on Biomechanics in Sports, July 21-25, 1998, University of Konstanz, Germany : proceedings
Athletic and sport issues in musculoskeletal rehabilitation
Biomechanics in sport : papers prepared for the Engineering in Medicine Group of the Institution of Mechanical Engineers
Science and racket sports. III, The procedings of the eighth International Table Tennis Federation Sports Science Congress and the Third World Congress of Science and Racket Sports
Motor control of fast voluntary elbow movements : exercise-induced muscle damage and soreness and learning interventions
Basic Biomechanics
Counter Bicycles have been a common device to enhance physical fitness level in gyms and training centers along with solid use in competitive sport. For that reason, biomechanics of cycling has grown as a research field with many publications addressing different perspective of the interaction between the cyclist and his bicycle. The most common end point of research on biomechanics of cycling is optimization of performance and reduction of injury risk. One goal of this book is to meet the growing need for a comprehensive presentation of contemporary knowledge on biomechanics of cycling which will positively influence the activity of cycling in a global fashion. In order to accomplish this purpose, ten chapters are presented with focus on varying methods for biomechanical analysis of cycling motion. The introduction section provides an overview of the main methods for assessment of cycling motion, including motion analysis, pedal force measurements, muscle activation, anthropometry and joint kinetics. These methods are discussed in depth in individual chapters followed by chapters on characteristics of bicycles and potential perspectives to improve their configuration in order to improve performance of cyclists and reduce their overuse injury risk. Moreover, a preliminary method to train technique in cyclists is shown. A final chapter provides authors perspective on the upcoming technology that should be effective in helping training of cyclists.
Proceedings of the 6th ISBS Symposium, 1988 : proceedings of the Sixth International Symposium of the International Society of Biomechanics in Sports, held at Montana State University, Bozeman, Montana, July, 1988
"Fundamentals of Biomechanics introduces the exciting world of how human movement is created and how it can be enhanced. The book presents a comprehensive review of the major concepts of biomechanics and summarizes them in nine principles of biomechanics. It concludes by applying these principles to the work of kinesiology professionals. Specific case studies are presented in physical education, coaching, strength and conditioning, and sports medicine. This text presents a clear, conceptual understanding of biomechanics and is designed to help students link their personal experience to biomechanical concepts." "Biomechanics instructors, researchers, and other professionals helping people to improve movement and decrease the risk of injury, as well as advanced students learning biomechanical principles in biomedical engineering, ergonomics, kinesiology, physics, and sports physiology will find Fundamentals of Biomechanics invaluable."--BOOK JACKET.
Rethinking osteopathic practice. Book 1, Motion & mechanics
Handbook of human factors in medical device design
The foot as a 3 point pivot
Electromyographic activity, force and anaerobic energy production in sprint running : with special reference to different constant speeds ranging from submaximal to supramaximal
Kinesiology : the mechanics and pathomechanics of human movement
Laban for actors : the eight effort actions
Validation and application of computational knee joint models : finite element modeling analysis
Clinical biomechanics
Introduction to bioengineering
Factors related to excessive patellofemoral loading in rearfoot running
"Part 1: Stephen Levin introduces biotensegrity, the application to biologicl forms of the concept of tensegrity, which was popularized by Buckminster Fuller. Tensegrity structures have islands of compression struts floating within a continuous web of tension like a skeleton enmeshed in fascia, muscles and ligaments.... Part 2: Stephen Levin discusses biotensegrity with inventor and tensegrity modeler Tom Flemons. Flemons' models help make difficult-to-grasp concepts more accessible by demonstrating in simplified form the biomechanics of living structures."--Container.
Principles of biomechanics & motion analysis
Manual of structural kinesiology
The biomechanics of human movement
Advances in occupational ergonomics and safety : proceedings of the XIVth annual international occupational ergonomics and safety conference 1999
The biomechanics of insect flight : form, function, evolution
Progress in Motor Control : Skill Learning, Performance, Health, and Injury
Physical function and biomechanics of gait in obese adults after weight loss
Introduction to sports biomechanics
Solutions manual to accompany Introduction to bioengineering
Analysis of stability against falling by movement simulation in human walking
Physics and biology : from molecules to life
Handbook Of Occupational Safety and Health
Dynamic orthotic concepts : background and experiences = Konzepte der dynamischen Orthetik : Hintergrund und Erfahrungen
Kinesiology
Equine biomechanics for riders : the key to balanced riding
Biomechanical basis of human movement
Measurement of bone exercise:osteogenic features of loading
Science and football. VII, the proceedings of the Seventh World Congress on Science and Football
Spinal restabilization procedures : diagnostic and therapeutic aspects of intervertebral fusion cages, artifical discs, and mobile implants
Diagnosis and treatment of movement impairment syndromes
Muscle mechanics during human movement revealed by in vivo measurements of tendon force and muscle length
Running mechanics and gait analysis
Biomechanics
Introduction to sports biomechanics : analysing human movement patterns
Bone toxicity of persistent organic pollutants
Inside motion : an ideokinetic basis for movement education
Sports biomechanics : the basics optimising human performance
Paediatric Biomechanics and Motor Control brings together the very latest developmental research using biomechanical measurement and analysis techniques and is the first book to focus on biomechanical aspects of child development. The book is divided into four main sections, looking at biological change during motor development; force production; the biomechanics of postural control and fundamental motor skills, and clinical applications of research into paediatric biomechanics and motor control. Written by a team of leading experts in paediatric exercise science, biomechanics and motor control from the UK, the US, Australia and Europe, the book is designed to highlight the key implications of this work for scientists, educators and clinicians. Each chapter is preceded by a short overview of the relevant biomechanical concepts and concludes with a summary of the practical and clinical applications in relation to the existing literature on the topic. This book is important reading for any sport or exercise scientist, health scientist, physical therapist, sports coach or clinician with an interest in child development or health.
Biomechanics of sport and exercise
Life span motor development
Motor unit activation and force production during eccentric, concentric and isometric actions
Book of abstracts
Biomechanics : mechanical properties of living tissues
Athletic ability and the anatomy of motion
Supplies an anatomical and functional overview of the topic, enabling trainers to optimize the different exercises their horses undergo during training and competition. Following a brief description of the biomechanics of the muscles underlying equine movement, the book discusses the muscles of the forelimb, hindlimb, and neck and trunk. These fundamentals have direct bearing on the later chapters, which focus on training and the core exercises for a horse.
Design in nature : learning from trees
1. Comparative evaluation of dummy responce with thor-lx/HIIIr and hybrid III lower extremities   2. Simulation and identification of the neck muscle activities during head and neck flexion whiplash / Deng, Yih-Charg   3. Pedestrial throw kinematics in forward projection collisions   4. Human occupant kinematics in low speed side impacts   5. Finite element analysis using muscles elements and experimental analysis with a new flexible neck model of whiplash injuries in rear-end collisions / Yoshida, Hiroaki   6. An analysis of recent accidents involving upper extremity fractures associated with airbag deployment   7. Optimization of bumper structure for pedestrial lower leg impact / Han, Ha Yong   8. Load distribution-specific viscoelastic characterization of the hybrid III chest   9. Responce of the 6-month-old CRABI in foreward facing and rear facing child restraints to a simulated real world impact   10. Investigation of ocular injuries from high velocity objects in an automobile collision   11. Relationships between impact pulse duration and occupant kinematics in low speed rear impacts / Szabo, Thomas J.   12. Neck biomechanical responses with active head restrains : rear barrier tests with bioRID and sled tests with hybrid III.
Biomechanical comparison between sprint start, sled-pulling and selected squat type exercises
Applied kinesiology : The scientific study of human performance
Biomechanics of hard tissues : modeling, testing, and materials
Biomechanics : a qualitative approach for studying human movement
Basic biomechanics
Biomechanics of sport : selected readings
Biomechanical Engineering of Clothing
Muscle-tendon behavior of vastus lateralis muscle in skating movement
Biomechanics of human motion
Biomechanics IX-B : proceedings of the ninth International Congress of Biomechanics held in 1983 at Waterloo, Ontario, Canada
Dance kinesiology
Sports biomechanics : reducing injury risk and improving sports performance
Science and racket sports. IV
Paediatric biomechanics and motor control : theory and application
Proceedings of the VIIth International Symposium of the Society of Biomechanics in Sports
Biomechanics of human movement
Comparative biomechanics : life's physical world
Science, theory and clinical application in orthopaedic manual physical therapy : Volume 1, applied science and theory
Plant biomechanics : an engineering approach to plant form and function
Developments and methodological aspects in cross-country skiing research
Impact biomechanics
Clinical kinesiology and anatomy
Proceedings of XXIII International Symposium on Biomechanics in Sports : August 22-27, 2005 Beijing, China
Biomechanics and neural control of posture and movement
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
Principles of biomechanics
Biomechanics and physical training of the horse
Fascia research II : basic science and implications for conventional and complementary health care
Computer methods in biomechanics & biomedical engineering
Biomechanics : problem solving for functional activity
Championship gymnastics : biomechanical techniques for shaping winners
Evolutionary biomechanics : selection, phylogeny, and constraint
