http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20290 compulsive gambling
compulsive gambling
What is addiction?
Gambling and problem gambling : briefly and clearly
In the pursuit of winning : problem gambling theory, research and treatment
Overcoming gambling : a guide for problem and compulsive gamblers
Counselling for problem gambling : person-centred dialogues
When Jenny Thornton and her six friends open the white box given to her by the mysterious Julian, they discover a strange game and enter a house of horrors full of their worst nightmares, where they must triumph or die.
Institutional footprints in the addiction image : a focus-group study with Finnish and French general practitioners and social workers
Background and Aims      The aim of this study was to identify problematic gaming behavior among Finnish adolescents and young adults, and evaluate its connection to a variety of psychological, social, and physical health symptoms.        Methods      This cross-sectional study was conducted with a random sample of 293 respondents aged from 13 to 24 years. Participants completed an online survey. Problematic gaming behavior was measured with the Game Addiction Scale (GAS). Self-reports covered health measures such as psychological health (psychopathological symptoms, satisfaction with life), social health (preferences for social interaction), and physical health (general health, Body Mass Index [BMI], body discomfort, physical activity).        Results      Problematic gaming behavior was found to relate to psychological and health problems, namely fatigue, sleep interference, depression and anxiety symptoms. Multiple linear regression indicated that the amount of weekly gaming, depression and a preference for online social interaction predicted increased problematic gaming symptoms.        Conclusions      This research emphasized that problematic gaming behavior had a strong negative correlation to a variety of subjective health outcomes.
Digital kids : how to balance screen time, and why it matters
Problematic digital gaming behavior and its relation to the psychological, social and physical health of Finnish adolescents and young adults
Pathological gambling : a critical review
Neurobiology of pathological gambling : brain imaging and epidemiological studies
Gambling and problem gambling in Britain
Internet gambling : current research findings and implicationas
Addiction trajectories
The gambler
Gambling in Finland : themes and data for qualitative research
Cyber junkie : escape the gaming and internet trap
Addiction by Design : machine gambling in Las Vegas
Problem gambling in europe : challenges, prevention, and interventions
Gamers : some measures to take to overcome gaming addiction
Pleasure : how our brains make junk food, exercise, marijuana, generosity, and gambling feel so good
Psychology of addictive behaviour
Internet addiction : a handbook and guide to evaluation and treatment
The sociology of gambling
Addiction and self-control : perspectives from philosophy, psychology, and neuroscience
The Art of fielding
Relapse prevention : maintenance strategies in the treatment of addictive behaviors
Monopoly on gambling, monopoly on problems? : why did gambling problems become a matter of social concern in Finland?
The easy way to stop gambling : take control of your life
Falling man : a novel
The issue of online gaming addiction as constructed by its stakeholders
Addicted? : recognizing destructive behavior before it's too late
First steps out of problem gambling
Challenges in translating DSM-5 criteria for Gambling  Disorder into Finnish /.
Overseas Internet poker and problem gambling in Finland 2007 : a secondary data analysis of a Finnish population survey
Institutional footprints in the addiction image : a focus-group with Finnish and French general practitioners and social workers
For many children and teens daily Internet use is the norm - but where should we draw the line when it comes to digital media usage? This handy book lays out the essential information needed to understand and prevent excessive Internet use that negatively impacts behaviour, education, family life, and even physical health. Martin L. Kutscher, MD analyses neurological, psychological and educational research and draws on his own experience to show when Internet use stops being a good thing and starts to become excessive. He shows how to spot digital addictions, and offers whole family approaches for limiting the harmful effects of too much screen time, such as helping kids to learn to control their own Internet use. He tackles diverse questions ranging from the effects of laptops in the classroom and reading on a digital screen, to whether violent videogames lead to aggression. The author also explains how ADHD and Autism Spectrum Disorder (ASD) can make you more susceptible to Internet addiction, suggesting practical strategies to suit these specific needs. Discussing both the good and bad aspects of the internet, this book tells you everything you need to know to help children and young people use the internet in a healthy, balanced way.
Gapro Care-project: gambling prevention, gambling problems and care policy programme
Clinical topics in addiction
Compulsive gambling due to antiparkinsonian agent?
Where there is capitalism, there shall be addiction
Disordered gambling in Finland : epidemiology and a current treatment option
R is for ricochet
Gate-keepers' images of addiction in Finland, France and Germany : the film-clips in the group interviews
Game addiction : the experience and the effects
