http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20282 queer studies
queer studies
Quare beginnings : queer action research in education as a counter-heteronormative praxis
Sexuality
Polish queer modernism
Resistance and visions : postcolonial, post-secular and queer contributions to theology and the study of religions = Resistencias y visiones : contribuciones postcoloniales, postseculares y queer a la teoloǵia y a los estudios de las religiones = Widerstand und Visionen : der Beitrag postkolonialer, postsäkularer und queerer Theorie zu Theologie und Religionswissenschaften
Beyond monogamy : polyamory and the future of polyqueer sexualities
Possibilities, silences : the publishing and reception of queer topics in Finland during the interwar years (and beyond)
Excluded : making feminist and queer movements more inclusive
Domestication into heteronormativity : figurations of the queer-inhabited home in Finnish magazines and papers between 2002 and 2005.
Mia McKenzie, creator of the enormously popular website Black Girl Dangerous, writes about race, queerness, class and gender in a concise, compelling voice filled at different times with humor, grief, rage, and joy. Her nuanced analysis of intersecting systems of oppression goes deep to reveal the complicated truths of a multiply-marginalized experience. McKenzie tackles the hardest questions of our time with clarity and courage, in language that is accessible to non-academics and academics alike. She is both fearless and vulnerable, demanding and accountable. Hers is a voice like no other.
Queer in Europe takes stock of the intellectual and social status and treatment of queer in the New Europe of the twenty-first century, addressing the ways in which the Anglo-American term and concept 'queer' is adapted in different national contexts, where it takes on subtly different overtones, determined by local political specificities and intellectual traditions. Bringing together contributions by carefully chosen experts, this book explores key aspects of queer in a range of European national contexts, namely: Belgium, Cyprus, England, France, Germany, Hungary, Ireland, Italy, The Nordic Region, The Netherlands, Poland, Russia and Spain. Rather than prescribing a universalizing definition, the book engages with a wide spectrum of what is meant by 'queer', as each chapter negotiates the contested border between direct queer activist action based on identity categories, and more plural queer strategies that call these categories into question. The first volume in English devoted to the exploration of queer in Europe, this book makes an important intervention in contemporary queer studies.
"Addressing a welter of topics ranging from Sapphic tales in early seventeeth-century Europe to animal fables in India, from the tensions between Western bio-medicine and Chinese cosmology in modern-day Hong Kong to the tensions between gender and sexual legislation in contemporary France and the United Status, and from circuses, fairs, and sideshows in Western Europe to Palestinian refugee camps in the Middle East, Comparatively Queer constitutes a lucid and lively intervention in the newly intersecting fields of queer and comparative literary and cultural studies. It boasts a scintillatingly diverse yet deliciously intersecting array of scholars committed to interdisciplinary work at the interstices of historical and geo-political borders and makes a profound contribution to the productive "troubling" of the Anglo-American and presentist assumptions of much queer theory as well as of the Eurocentric and nationally circumscribed assumptions of much literary and cultural compartivism. Proudly hybrid, even 'promiscuous,' in its methodologies, styles, approaches, and objects of study, Comparatively Queer is sure to be a 'must read' for scholars and students of sexuality, gender, history, culture, and, indeed, life in an increasingly globalized world." - Brad Epps, Professor of Women, Gender, and Sexuality Studies, Harvard University "This collection is about crossing borders of every sort; it is about queering not only gender but also time, space, and comparison itself. It explores the possibility of, and the implications for, denaturalizing all sorts of subject formations: sexual, national, racial, social. Hayes, Higonnet, and Spurlin and their colleagues continue the gender studies work of Eve Kosofsky Sedgwick and others in a boldly energetic, transnational, and transcultural manner. The nine essays and framing commentaries bring together lives and works that span more than 2,000 years and cover the globe. Additionally they bring queer and gender studies into a productive dialectic with postcolonial, transnational, and critical race studies. Each essay undertakes what the editors term 'crossings,' but each employs the logic of comparison, of crossing from A to B, so as to interrogate rather than to reify binary logics and bright boundaries. Whether in the context of Renaissance Neo-Classicism, Postcolonial Hong Kong, Genet's Palestine, or the Indian diaspora, the 'queering of comparison' and the comparing of queerness is richly explored in this volume and is celebrated in theoretically rigorous and wholly original ways. At the same time, as Traub notes in her afterword, the authors' persistent attention to both difference and incommensurability ensures an ethical core to this intrepid collection. Scholars interested in topics as varied as women's studies, post-nationalism, medieval studies, nineteenth-century popular culture, animal studies, and international law will find the essays that reconfigure our intellectual terrain so as to invite further comparative queerings." - Elizabeth M. Richmond-Garza, Director, Program in Comparative Literature and University Distinguished Teaching Associate Professor, University of Texas, Austin.
Especially loved by Allah : Muslim and LGBTQ in Istanbul
Sex, or the unbearable
To date, intersex studies has not received the scholarly attention it deserves as research in this area has been centred around certain key questions, scholars and geographical regions. Exploring previously neglected territories, this book broadens the scope of intersex studies, whilst adopting perspectives that turn the gaze of the liberal, humanist, scientific outlook upon itself, in order to reconfigure debates about rights, autonomy and subjectivity, and challenges the accepted paradigms of intersex identity politics. Presenting the latest theoretical and empirical research from an international group of experts, this is a truly interdisciplinary volume containing critical approaches from both the humanities and social sciences. With its contributions to sociology, anthropology, medicine, law, history, cultural studies, psychology and psychoanalysis, Critical Intersex will appeal to scholars and clinical practitioners alike.
Woman, body, desire in post-colonial India : narratives of gender and sexuality
Treating such issues as animal sex, species politics, environmental justice, lesbian space and "gay" ghettos, AIDS literatures, and queer nationalities, this lively collection asks important questions at the intersections of sexuality and environmental studies. Contributors from a wide range of disciplines present a focused engagement with the critical, philosophical, and political dimensions of sex and nature. These discussions are particularly relevant to current debates in many disciplines, including environmental studies, queer theory, critical race theory, philosophy, literary criticism, and politics. As a whole, Queer Ecologies stands as a powerful corrective to views that equate "natural" with "straight" while "queer" is held to be against nature.
Import - export - transport : queer theory, queer critique and activism in motion
"What's Queer about Europe focuses on those queer types of artistic, political or theoretical exchanges that take place in the presence of the idea of Europe. This book is not about queer communities in Europe but about how Queer Theory helps us initiate counter-intuitive encounters for imagining Europe"--
'Norm Struggles' explores and challenges normativity in general and heteronormativity in particular. A common trait in all chapters is the focus on contradictions, changes, disruptions and uncertainties that follow with different norms and structuring forces. The authors discuss and explore how norms are produced, and reproduced but also disrupted, subverted and changed. The chapters are based on observations from different settings such as preschools, schools, universities, factories, social welfare, popular culture, passenger ships, and the fire service. They are also based on observations from different countries - Lithuania, Canada, USA, Sweden, Finland, and Great Britain. The book presents studies of media, policies, machines, organisations, academic sexual theory, and the ongoing constructions of nations and nationalities.
Beyond Sexuality points contemporary sexual politics in a radically new direction. Combining a psychoanalytic emphasis on the unconscious with a deep respect for the historical variability of sexual identities, this original work of queer theory makes the case for viewing erotic desire as fundamentally impersonal. Tim Dean develops a reading of Jacques Lacan that--rather than straightening out this notoriously difficult French psychoanalyst--brings out the queer tensions and productive incoherencies in his account of desire. Dean shows how the Lacanian unconscious "deheterosexualizes" desire, and along the way he reveals how psychoanalytic thinkers as well as queer theorists have failed to exploit the full potential of this conception of desire. The book elaborates this by investigating social fantasies about homosexuality and AIDS, including gay men's own fantasies about sex and promiscuity, in an attempt to illuminate the challenges facing safe-sex education. Taking on many shibboleths in contemporary psychoanalysis and queer theory--and taking no prisoners--Beyond Sexuality offers an antidote to hagiographical strains in recent work on psychoanalysis, Foucault, and sexuality.
Contributors include: Joseph Azize, Chiara Baldini, Lauren Bernauer, Anthony Blake, Liselotte Frisk, Kennet Granholm, Christopher Hartney, Graham Harvey, Graham Hassall, Jay Johnston, Jenny McFarlane, Elisha McIntyre, Milad Milani, Nathaniel Samuel Murrell, Rod Pattenden, David Pecotic, Johanna Petsche, Adam Possamai, Alphia Possamai-Inesedy, Jason Prior, Eric Repphun, Stephen D. Ricks, David G. Robertson, Bettina E. Schmidt, Justin Snider, Graham St John, Michael F. Strmiska, Mona Suhrbier, Jaap Timmer, Garry W. Trompf, and Benjamin E. Zeller.
Queering the gallery : in search of counter-normative curatorial strategies
Genders, transgenders and sexualities in Japan
While many feminist and queer movements are designed to challenge sexism, they often simultaneously police gender and sexuality - sometimes just as fiercely as the straight, male-centric mainstream does. Some feminists vocally condemn other feminists because of how they dress, for their sexual partners or practices, or because they are seen as different and therefore less valued. Among LGBTQ activists, there is a long history of lesbians and gay men dismissing bisexuals, transgender people, and other gender and sexual minorities. In each case, exclusion is based on the premise that certain ways of being gendered or sexual are more legitimate, natural, or righteous than others.
Seeing differently : a history and theory of identification and the visual arts
Somatechnics highlights the reciprocal bond between the sôma and the techné of 'the body' and the techniques in which bodies are formed and transformed as crafted responses to the world around us. Structured around the themes of the governance of social bodies, the gendering of sexed bodies and the techniques associated with the formation of the self, Somatechnics presents a groundbreaking study of body modification. Its contributions to the work of Spinoza, Nietzsche, Merleau-Ponty, Deluze and Guattari make it a must read for scholars of sociology, cultural and queer studies and philosophy.
In Post-Queer Politics, Ruffolo looks at the work of Foucault, Butler, Bakhtin, Deleuze, Guattari and others in his creative refocus on the queer/heteronormative dyad that has largely consumed queer studies and contemporary politics. He offers a radical and intersectional new way of thinking about class, race, sex, gender, sexuality and ability that extends beyond queer studies to be truly transdisciplinary in its focus and political implications. It will appeal to readers across a range of subjects, including gender and sexuality studies, philosophy, cultural studies, political science, and education.
Hetero : queering representations of straightness
Beyond sexuality
Controversies in queer theology
Transforming bodies, wandering desires : intra-actions of gender and sexuality in non-heterosexual transgender embodiment
Eve Kosofsky Sedgwick / Jason Edwards
Queer theology is a significant new development and central to much current teaching and thinking about gender, sexuality and the body. Controversies in Queer Theology provides an overview of the main areas of difference and debate in queer theologies, engaging with and critiquing all the major writers working in this area. Susannah Cornwall shows how this field is still in flux and the highlights implications for employing queer methodologies across theological work.
Oklahomo : lessons in unqueering America
Debates in transgender, queer, and feminist theory : contested sites
Queer optimism : lyric personhood and other felicitous persuasions
Queer theories
Queer wars : the new global polarization over gay rights
Queer as a political concept
Queer images : a history of gay and lesbian film in America
Perhaps more than any other issue, gender identity has galvanized the queer community in recent years. The questions go beyond the nature of male/female to a yet-to-be-traversed region that lies somewhere between and beyond biologically determined gender. In this groundbreaking anthology, three experts in gender studies and politics navigate around rigid, societally imposed concepts of two genders to discover and illuminate the limitless possibilities of identity. Thirty first-person accounts of gender construction, exploration, and questioning provide a groundwork for cultural discussion, political action, and even greater possibilities of autonomous gender choices. Noted scholar Joan Nestle is joined by internationally prominent gender warrior Riki Anne Wilchins and historian Clare Howell to provide a societal, cultural, and political exploration of gender identity.
Handbook of new religions and cultural production
For over twenty years, Sexuality has provided a cutting edge introduction to debates about sexualities, gender, and intimate life. Previous editions included pioneering discussions of the historical shaping of sexuality, identity politics, the rise of fundamentalism, the social impact of AIDS, the influence of the new genetics, 'global sex', queer theory, 'sex wars', the debates about values, new patterns of intimacy, and much more. In this new edition, Jeffrey Weeks offers a thorough update of these debates, and introduces new concepts and issues. Globalization is now a key way of understanding the reshaping of sexual life, and is discussed in relation to global flows, neo-liberalism, new forms of opposition, cosmopolitanism and the heated debates around sex trafficking and sex tourism. Arguments about the regulation and control of sexuality, and the intersection of various dimensions of power and domination are contextualised by a sustained argument about the importance of agency in remaking sexual and intimate life. In particular, new forms of Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, Transgender and Queer politics, and the high impact of the debates about same-sex marriage are explored. These controversies, in turn, feed into debates about what is 'transgressive', 'normal', 'ordinary'; into the nature of heter-normativity; and into the meanings of diversity and choice. To conclude, the book turns to questions of values and ethics, recognition, sexual citizenship and human sexual rights.
Queer lovers and hateful others: regenerating violent times and places
Routledge international encyclopedia of queer culture
Queer in Europe : contemporary case studies
"In a hugely ambitious study which crosses continents, languages, and almost a century, Gregory Woods identifies the ways in which homosexuality has helped shape Western culture. Extending from the trials of Oscar Wilde to the gay liberation era, this book examines a period in which increased visibility made acceptance of homosexuality one of the measures of modernity. Woods shines a revealing light on the diverse, informal networks of gay people in the arts and other creative fields. Uneasily called "the Homintern" (an echo of Lenin's "Comintern") by those suspicious of an international homosexual conspiracy, such networks connected gay writers, actors, artists, musicians, dancers, filmmakers, politicians, and spies. While providing some defense against dominant heterosexual exclusion, the grouping brought solidarity, celebrated talent, and, in doing so, invigorated the majority culture. Woods introduces an enormous cast of gifted and extraordinary characters, most of them operating with surprising openness; but also explores such issues as artistic influence, the coping strategies of minorities, the hypocrisies of conservatism, and the effects of positive and negative discrimination. Traveling from Harlem in the 1910s to 1920s Paris, 1930s Berlin, 1950s New York and beyond, this sharply observed, warm-spirited book presents a surpassing portrait of twentieth-century gay culture and the men and women who both redefined themselves and changed history"--
The globalization of sexuality
Deleuze and queer theory
Black girl dangerous, on race, queerness, class and gender
Sex work is a subject of significant contestation across academic disciplines, as well as within legal, medical, moral, feminist, political and socio-cultural discourses. A large body of research exists, but much of this focuses on the sale of sex by women to men and ignores other performances, practices, meanings and embodiments in the contemporary sex industry. A queer agenda is important in order to challenge hetero-centric gender norms and to develop new insights into how gender, sex, power, crime, work, migration, space/place, health and intimacy are understood in the context of commercial sexual encounters. Queer Sex Work explores what it might mean to 'be', 'do' and 'think' queer(ly) in the study and practice of commercial sex. It brings together a multiplicity of empirical case studies – including erotic dance venues, online sex working, pornography, grey sexual economies, and BSDM – and offers a variety of perspectives from academic scholars, policy practitioners, activists and sex workers themselves. In so doing, the book advances a queer politics of sex work that aims to disrupt heteronormative logics whilst also making space for different voices in academic and political debates about commercial sex. This unique and multidisciplinary volume will be indispensable for scholars and students of the global sex trade and of gender, sexuality, feminism and queer theory more broadly, as well as policymakers, activists and practitioners interested in the politics and practice of sex work in local, national and international contexts.
Unsettling assumptions : tradition, gender, drag
Nicole Seymour investigates the ways in which contemporary queer fictions offer insight on environmental issues through their performance of a specifically queer understanding of nature, the nonhuman, and environmental degradation. By drawing upon queer theory and ecocriticism, Seymour examines how contemporary queer fictions extend their critique of "natural" categories of gender and sexuality to the nonhuman natural world, thus constructing a queer environmentalism. Seymour's thoughtful analyses of works such as Leslie Feinberg's Stone Butch Blues, Todd Haynes's Safe, and Ang Lee's Brokeback Mountain illustrate how homophobia, classism, racism, sexism, and xenophobia inform dominant views of the environment and help to justify its exploitation. Calling for a queer environmental ethics, she delineates the discourses that have worked to prevent such an ethics and argues for a concept of queerness that is attuned to environmentalism's urgent futurity, and an environmentalism that is attuned to queer sensibilities.
Captive genders : trans embodiment and the prison industrial complex
Black queer identity matrix : towards an integrated queer of color framework
Queer company : the role and meaning of friendship in gay men's work lives
I fell in love with a... with a... ze! : queerfeminist readings of romantic love and virtual reality in Kate Bornstein's and Caitlin Sullivan's Nearly Roadkill and Jeanette Winterson's The PowerBook
This is the story of a group of women of various ages, backgrounds, nationalities, and sexual orientations who met at the US Airforce base at Greenham Common. Based on in-depth interviews and her own personal experience, Sasha Roseneil reveals how their challenges to traditional values, politics, and lifestyles signaled a bold step forward for queer feminist politics. The voices of the women are strong, lively, engaging, and often very funny. The remembrances of their exciting, life-changing times at Greenham captures a moment in history when ordinary women did some extraordinary things.
Media, gender and identity : an introduction
Queer TV : theories, histories, politics
"In Unsettling Assumptions, editors Pauline Greenhill and Diane Tye link gender studies with traditional and popular culture studies to examine how tradition and gender can intersect to unsettle assumptions about culture and its study.Contributors explore the intersections of traditional expressive culture and sex/gender systems by challenging their conventional constructions, using sex/gender as a lens to question, investigate, or upset concepts like family, ethics, and authenticity. Individual essays consider myriad topics such as Thanksgiving turkeys, rockabilly and bar fights, Chinese tales of female ghosts, selkie stories, a noisy Mennonite New Year's celebration, the Distaff Gospels, Kentucky tobacco farmers, international adoptions, and more. In Unsettling Assumptions, expressive culture emerges as fundamental both to our sense of belonging to a family, an occupation, or friendship group and, most notably, to identity performativity. Within larger contexts, these works offer a better understanding of cultural attitudes like misogyny, homophobia, and racism as well as the construction and negotiation of power"--
Sensational flesh : race, power, and masochism
As an embodied transgression of binary gender, Hermaphroditus has fascinated and troubled audiences ever since Antiquity. Because of the scarcity of extant literary sources, this mythological figure has primarily survived in the shape of images, often fragmentary and of uncertain provenance. Based on these fragments, the current scholarly consensus maintains that Hermaphroditus was represented as an attractive but erotically disabled figure, whose dual sexual characteristics were intended to provoke surprise and possibly laughter.
Time binds : queer temporalities, queer histories
Sex and disability
In-between spaces : creative possibilities for theologies of gender = Entre espacios : propuestas creativas para las teologias de género = Zwischenräume : Kreative Möglichkeiten für Gender-Theologien
Gods & monsters : a queer film classic
This unique anthology presents the most important and influential essays in GLBT and Queer Studies during the past twenty years. Presented in a way that is historically contextualized, politically complex, and far-reaching across different disciplines, the readings demonstrate the ways in which queer theory has begun to transform some of the prevailing assumptions underlying GLBT studies. The 89 essays, poems, fiction, personal narratives and performance pieces present various, sometimes opposing, always intellectually challenging points-of-view across the disciplines of philosophy, literature, history, art, film, television, web and print media, political science, anthropology, economics, sociology and psychology. Includes introductory section essays, Questions for Reflection, bibliographies, film, web, and social activism resources. Readings are grouped around seven major themes: What is queer theory? The sociopolitical origins of queer. Queer formulations and the politics of identity. (De)/(re)gendering sexualities. Cinema queerité and queer pop culture. Queer fictions of the past. Queer theories/social realities. For anyone interested in the Gay and Lesbian experience.
Queering anarchism : addressing and undressing power and desire
Sexuality : a psychosocial manifesto
Gender and sexual identity formation is an ongoing anthropological conversation in both Middle Eastern studies and urban studies, but the story of gay and lesbian identity in the Middle East is only just beginning to be told. Queer Beirut is the first ethnographic study of queer lives in the Arab Middle East. Drawing on anthropology, urban studies, gender studies, queer studies, and sociocultural theory, Sofian Merabet's compelling ethnography suggests a critical theory of gender and religious identity formations that will disrupt conventional anthropological premises about the contingent role that society and particular urban spaces have in facilitating the emergence of various subcultures within the city. From 1995 to 2014, Merabet made a series of ethnographic journeys to Lebanon, during which he interviewed numerous gay men in Beirut. Through their life stories, Merabet crafts moving ethnographic narratives and explores how Lebanese gays inhabit and perform their gender as they formulate their sense of identity. He also examines the notion of "queer space" in Beirut and the role that this city, its class and sectarian structure, its colonial history, and religion have played in these people's discovery and exploration of their sexualities. In using Beirut as a microcosm for the complexities of homosexual relationships in contemporary Lebanon, Queer Beirut provides a critical standpoint from which to deepen our understandings of gender rights and citizenship in the structuring of social inequality within the larger context of the Middle East.
Queer methods and methodologies : intersecting queer theories and social science research
Perhaps the most revolutionary contribution of this volume is in its presentation of new and resistant practices of reading the Bible that challenge some of the prevailing authorized patterns of reading that allow the Bible to clobber oppressed people...If lesbians, gay men, bisexuals, transgender, and seeking people are to take back this word for themselves, they must take it back in a new way.
Queer in translation
Much of the focus of anti-homophobic/anti-heterosexist educational theory, curriculum, and pedagogy has examined the impact of homophobia and heterosexism on gay, lesbian, bisexual, and transgender (GLBT) students and teachers. Such a focus has provided numerous theoretical and pedagogical insights, and has informed important changes in educational policy. Queering Straight Teachers: Discourse and Identity in Education remains deeply committed to the social justice project of improving the lives of GLBT students and teachers. However, in contrast with much of the previous scholarship, Queering Straight Teachers shifts the focus from an analysis of the GLBT Other to a critical examination of what it might mean, in theory and in practice, to queer straight teachers, and the implications this has for challenging institutionalized heteronormativity in education. This book will be useful in courses on educational foundations, curriculum studies, multicultural education, queer theory, gay and lesbian studies, and critical theory.
Drarry, Snarry and Snape: the queerest of the queer : heteronormativity and queer theory in Harry Potter slash fan fiction
The queer art of failure
Norm-struggles : sexualities in contentions / editors, Lena Martinsson and Eva Reimers
Gayted communities : marginalized sexualities in Lebanon
Queering Norway
Queer impact and practices
Transgender Migrations brings together a top-notch collection of emerging and established scholars to examine the way that the term "migration" can be used not only to look at the way trans bodies migrate from one gender to the (an?) other, but the way that trans people migrate in the larger geopolitical contexts of immigration reform, the war on terror, the war on drugs, and the increased policing of national borders. The book centers trans-ing experiences, identities, and politics, and treats these identities as inextricably intertwined with other social identities, institutions, and discourses of sexuality, nationality, race and ethnicity, globalization, colonialism, and terrorism. The chapter authors explore not only the movement of bodies in, through, and across spaces and borders, but also chart the metamorphoses of these bodies in relation to migration and mobility. Transgender Migrations takes the theory documented in The Transgender Studies Reader and blows it up to a global scale. It is the logical next step for scholarship in this dynamic, emerging field.
Take back the Word : a queer reading of the Bible
New queer cinema : the director's cut
Opacity and the closet : queer tactics in Foucault, Barthes, and Warhol
Queer theory/sociology
Queering straight teachers : discourse and identity in education
Queering tourism : paradoxical performances at gay pride parades
Queer space : architecture and same-sex desire
Queering fat embodiment
The innovative essays in Comparatively queer take a comparative approach to queer studies while simultaneously queering the field of comparative literature. This volume works at the intersection of these two fields to strengthen their interdisciplinary potential. The span of these contributions destabilizes the presentist and Anglocentrist biases of queer studies as well as traditional Eurocentric limitations of comparative literature. By focusing not only on comparatice praxis, but also on interrogating our assumptions and categories of analysis, "Comparatively Queer" powerfully transforms the paradigms by and through which we compare.
Inconclusive evidence : spatial gender politics at Strawberry Hill 1747-58
Queering the non/human
Queer presences and absences
"The first comprehensive presentation of an explicitly transgender theory."--Cover p. [4].
The transgender studies reader
Queer African reader
Following debates surrounding the anti-social turn in queer theory in recent years, there has been a renewed interest in the role of activism, the limits of the political, and the question of normativity and ethics. Queer Futures engages with these concerns, exploring issues of complicity and agency with a central focus on the material and economic as well as philosophical dimensions of sexual politics. Presenting some of the latest research in queer theory, this book draws together diverse perspectives to shed light on possible 'queer futures' when different affective, temporal, and local contexts are brought into play. As such, it will appeal to scholars of cultural, political, literary, and social theory, as well as those with interests in gender and sexuality, activism, and queer theory.
Global tangos : travels in the transnational imaginary
Language, sexuality and queer linguistics, with a case study on sexual identity labels in The L word
Homintern : how gay culture liberated the modern world
Queer community through photographic acts : three entrances to an artistic research project approaching LGBTQIA Russia
Reading Rocky Horror : the Rocky Horror picture show and popular culture
Critical concepts in queer studies and education : an international guide for the twenty-first century
Weaving through theoretical and empirical examples drawn from sociology, psychology, queer and cultural studies, this book produces a transdisciplinary perspective on sexual identities, subjectivities and politics that contributes to the debates ranging from identity politics and gay marriage, to mental health 'risks' and queer youth suicide.
Queering conflict : examining lesbian and gay experiences of homophobia in Northern Ireland
The Queer Art of Failure is about finding alternatives - to conventional understandings of success in a heteronormative, capitalist society; to academic disciplines that confirm what is already known according to approved methods of knowing; and to cultural criticism that claims to break new ground but cleaves to conventional archives. Judith Halberstam proposes "low theory" as a mode of thinking and writing that operates at many different levels at once. Low theory is derived from eccentric archives. It runs the risk of not being taken seriously. It entails a willingness to fail and to lose one's way, to pursue difficult questions about complicity, and to find counterintuitive forms of resistance. Tacking back and forth between high theory and low theory, high culture and low culture, Halberstam looks for the unexpected and subversive in popular culture, avant-garde performance, and queer art. She pays particular attention to animated children's films, revealing narratives filled with unexpected encounters between the childish, the transformative, and the queer. Failure sometimes offers more creative, cooperative, and surprising ways of being in the world, even as it forces us to face the dark side of life, love, and libido.
The article builds on ethnographic fieldwork within the LGBTQ (Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, Trans and Queer) milieu of Istanbul. It is based on material collected through participant observation and semi-structured interviews with people who at the same time selfidentify as practicing Muslims and have romantic and sexual relations with people of their own sex. The protagonist of the article is a pious Muslim woman who can be placed in the category of LGBTQ Muslims who do not seek coherence and are not involved in a reinterpretation of their Islamic tradition. The article explores the complex ways in which this woman handles the potential conflicts between her sex life and her religious beliefs, and points specifically to the way she supports herself on the firm belief that Allah loves and protects her.
Queer futures : reconsidering ethics, activism, and the political
Coming out of feminism? / edited by Mandy Merck, Naomi Segal and Elizabeth Wright
The cultural products of new religions and spiritualities are frequently ignored or dismissed within academia, often stemming from a hesitation to acknowledge these movements as genuine. This volume explores the impact of new religions upon cultural production, exemplifying the theological and spiritual principles of particular movements and demonstrating their substantial impact on wider society. Contributions explore the realms of music, architecture, food, art, books, films, video games, and more. This scholarship will be of interest to those who wish to explore the gamut of modern religious expression, and those who wish to broaden their knowledge of the spiritual origins of human culture.
The En-queer-y of the Indian Lesbian Kinship, spaces, and queer sexualities
Critical queer studies : law, film, and fiction in contemporary American culture
What's queer about queer studies now?
What's queer about Europe? : productive encounters and re-enchanting paradigms
A queer history of the ballet
A time for the humanities : futurity and the limits of autonomy
Hailed "a revolutionary antidote to America's growing sexual conservatism," Patrick Califia is the most outspoken and intelligent commentator on sexual politics writing today. Following the acclaimed publication of Public Sex and Sex Changes, Califia once again exposes American mainstream culture with unrivaled brillance and integrity. As controversial in writing about the private sphere as the public, Califia speaks intimately of changing his gender identy from female to male and becoming a parent in a two-fathered household. Speaking Sex to Power takes the reader on a remarkable intellectual journey with one of America's most audacious thinkers.
Sex in transition : remaking gender and race in South Africa
The gay '90s : disciplinary and interdisciplinary formations in queer studies
The poetics of waste : queer excess in Stein, Ashbery, Schuyler, and Goldsmith
Gender and sexual identity : transcending feminist and queer theory
James Baldwin and the queer imagination
Priscilla, (white) queen of the desert : queer rights/race privilege
The in-between is often considered as a bare and infertile space. To venture into the borderland between two states, for example, can be fatal; it is a lawless area, threatening and chaotic, hostile to human well-being and flourishing. Yet recent postcolonial and queer studies have increased awareness of the positive aspects of the in-between: borders also provide spaces for negotiation, interconnection and transgression and for articulations of identities and differences. Like bridges, borders emphasize difference and distance, but also connection. The interest and aim of this volume is to explore the in-between space in its positive and negative, challenging and limiting aspects with regard to issues of gender from the perspective of theology and the study of religions. The articles collected here discuss the in-between with regard to generational shifts, religious traditions, queer identities, biblical interpretations and translations, and thus provide insight into the many-fold understandings of the in-between and its application as a category of reflection and analysis.
Queer Sinophone cultures
Shakesqueer : a queer companion to the complete works of Shakespeare
Dancing theology in fetish boots : essays in honour of Marcella Althaus-Reid
A companion to lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender, and queer studies
This book aims to productively engage the pioneering work of Queer theorists and point toe way towards a new sociological Queer studies. First book to bring the works of theorists and researchers in the social sciences to Queer theory which is distinctively dominated by the Humanities. Uses classic sociological essays that shaped lesbian, gay and bisexual studies and recent original works and applies these to the discursive approach of Queer Theory to create a productive dialogue between the disciplines.
I think I'll eat your heart : posthuman queerness in Hannibal
AsiaPacifiQueer : rethinking genders and sexualities
This book comes at a time when the intrinsic and self-evident value of queer rights and protections, from gay marriage to hate crimes, is increasingly put in question. It assembles writings that explore the new queer vitalities within their wider context of structural violence and neglect. Moving between diverse geopolitical contexts – the US and the UK, Guatemala and Palestine, the Philippines, Iran and Israel – the chapters in this volume interrogate claims to queerness in the face(s) of death, both spectacular and everyday. Queer Necropolitics mobilises the concept of 'necropolitics' in order to illuminate everyday death worlds, from more expected sites such as war, torture or imperial invasion to the mundane and normalised violence of racism and gender normativity, the market, and the prison-industrial complex. Contributors here interrogate the distinction between valuable and pathological lives by attending to the symbiotic co-constitution of queer subjects folded into life, and queerly abjected racialised populations marked for death. Drawing on diverse yet complementary methodologies, including textual and visual analysis, ethnography and historiography, the authors argue that the distinction between 'war' and 'peace' dissolves in the face of the banality of death in the zones of abandonment that regularly accompany contemporary democratic regimes. The book will appeal to activist scholars and students from various social sciences and humanities, particularly those across the fields of law, cultural and media studies, gender, sexuality and intersectionality studies, race, and conflict studies, as well as those studying nationalism, colonialism, prisons and war. It should be read by all those trying to make sense of the contradictions inherent in regimes of rights, citizenship and diversity.
The victims' revolution : the rise of identity studies and the closing of the liberal mind
"What's Queer about Europe? examines how queer theory helps us initiate disorienting conjunctions and counterintuitive encounters for imagining historical and contemporary Europe. This book queers Europe and Europeanizes queer, forcing a reconsideration of both. Its contributors study Europe relationally, asking not so much what Europe is but what we do when we attempt to define it. The topics discussed include: gay marriage in Renaissance Rome, Russian anarchism and gender politics in early-twentieth-century Switzerland, colonialism and sexuality in Italy, queer masculinities in European popular culture, queer national identities in French cinema, and gender theories and activism. What these apparently disparate topics have in common is the urgency of the political, legal, and cultural issues they tackle. Asking what is queer about Europe means probing the blind spots that continue to structure the long and discrepant process of Europeanization"--
One of the first extended and theoretically informed investigations of queer theory's racial inscription, Queer Race understands race as inextricably sexualized, as sexuality is always racially marked. The book critically and playfully explores intellectual and political deployments of the term "queer", gay pornographic videos about South Africa, contemporary literary representations of interracial gay desire, the writings of Gloria Anzaldúa, and Jeffrey Dahmer's criminal trial. Through these explorations, Queer Race charts a framework for understanding the "race" of queer theory that both tests queer theory's limits and suggests its future inter-relations with anti-racist work.
Asexualities : feminist and queer perspectives
Desiring Hermaphrodites : the relationships of Hermaphroditus in Roman group scenes
Queer race : cultural interventions in the racial politics of queer theory
Innocence and rapture : the erotic child in Pater, Wilde, James, and Nabokov
Critical Queer Studies examines contemporary films and documentaries that dramatize the intersection of law and queer life, analyzing the effects of legal doctrines-jury selection, unwanted sexual advance, negligence, hate crimes, and gay marriage-on the production and reception of queer film and fiction. Exploring the interaction of these discourses by discussing internationally-known American films, the book demonstrates how the law maintains its hold over the queer subject through promoting certain ideological fictions and conversely how film and literature draw upon the material realities of queer legal status to dramatize conflicts between law and the marginalized subject. Critical Queer Studies synthesizes queer studies, law and literature, and film studies, engaging these fields to show how the struggle for gay and lesbian rights has influenced the production of film and fiction.
Somatechnics : queering the technologisation of bodies
Strange natures : futurity, empathy, and the queer ecological imagination
GenderQueer : voices from beyond the sexual binary
Uncloseting drama : American modernisn and queer performance
Queer cinema : the film reader
The Sinophone framework emphasises the diversity of Chinese-speaking communities and cultures, and seeks to move beyond a binary model of China and the West. Indeed, this strikingly resembles attempts within the queer studies movement to challenge the dimorphisms of sex and gender. Bringing together two areas of study that tend to be marginalised within their home disciplines Queer Sinophone Cultures innovatively advances both Sinophone studies and queer studies. It not only examines film and literature from Mainland China but expands its scope to encompass the underrepresented 'Sinophone' world at large (in this case Taiwan, Hong Kong, Malaysia, Singapore, and beyond). Further, where queer studies in the U.S., Europe, and Australia often ignore non-Western cultural phenomena, this book focuses squarely on Sinophone queerness, providing fresh critical analyses of a range of topics from works by the famous director Tsai Ming-Liang to the history of same-sex soft-core pornography made by the renowned Shaw Brothers Studios. By instigating a dialogue between Sinophone studies and queer studies, this book will have broad appeal to students and scholars of modern and contemporary China studies, particularly to those interested in film, literature, media, and performance. It will also be of great interest to those interested in queer studies more broadly. --Publisher's description.
Transgender studies is the latest area of academic inquiry to grow out of the exciting nexus of queer theory, feminist studies, and the history of sexuality. Because transpeople challenge our most fundamental assumptions about the relationship between bodies, desire, and identity, the field is both fascinating and contentious. The Transgender Studies Reader puts between two covers fifty influential texts with new introductions by the editors that, taken together, document the evolution of transgender studies in the English-speaking world. By bringing together the voices and experience of transgender individuals, doctors, psychologists and academically-based theorists, this volume will be a foundational text for the transgender community, transgender studies, and related queer theory.
The Routledge International Encyclopedia of Queer Culture covers gay, lesbian, bisexual, transgender and queer (GLBTQ) life and culture post-1945, with a strong international approach to the subject. The scope of the work is extremely comprehensive, with entries falling into the broad categories of Dance, Education, Film, Health, Homophobia, the Internet, Literature, Music, Performance, and Politics. Slang is also covered. The international contributors come from a wide array of backgrounds: scholars, journalists, artists, doctors, scientists, lawyers, activists, and an enormous range of ideologies and points of view are represented. Major entries provide in-depth information and consider the intellectual and cultural implications of their subjects in a global context. Information is completely up-to-date, including full coverage and analysis of such current or ongoing issues as same-sex marriage/civil union and the international AIDS epidemic. Additionally, there are important appendices covering international sodomy laws and archival institutions, which will be of great value to researchers. The Encyclopedia is fully cross-referenced and many entries carry a bibliography. Where possible internet references have been given and there is a full index.
Sexuality, nationality, indigeneity
Drawn from in-depth qualitative research, Queer Company provides the first extended, academic analysis of gay men's workplace friendships, offering theoretical and empirical insights into a subject that is timely and important. Although theoretically framed in poststructuralism and the sociology of friendship, this book also draws on feminism, organisation studies, gender and sexuality studies to explore the diverse roles and meanings of gay men's workplace friendships. Shedding light on the significance of workplace friendship for those who participate in them, particularly in terms of how these workplace relationships can help gay men to construct meaningful identities and selves, Queer Company examines the manner in which gay men's workplace friendships are established, developed and organised, whilst considering the effects of organisational contexts upon friendship processes. A detailed investigation of the links between friendship, sexuality, gender and intimacy in the workplace, this book will appeal to scholars of management studies as well as sociologists with interests in gender and sexuality, the sociology of organisations and cultural studies.
This volume launches the first sustained discussion of the need for a queer of color conceptual framework around Black, lesbian female identity. Specifically, this volume addresses the necessity for a more integrated framework within queer studies, in which the variables of race/ethnicity are taken into consideration. This book is unique in that it highlights a triple-jeopardy minority group that has been historically marginalized and concludes with the proposal of a much-needed framework for researchers to begin to create a baseline of knowledge/research under the umbrella of the Black Queer Identity Matrix.
The other in South Asian religion, literature and film : perspectives on otherism and otherness
Gay directors, gay films? : Pedro Almodóvar, Terence Davies, Todd Haynes, Gus Van Sant, John Waters
Gender diversity in Indonesia : sexuality, Islam and queer selves
After sex? : on writing since queer theory
Narrative theory unbound : queer and feminist interventions
Comparatively queer : interrogating identities across time and cultures
Common women, uncommon practices : the queer feminisms of Greenham
Queer theory arose as a challenge to the stability of sexual categories. But is queer theory in the 1990s in danger of becoming just another category of theoretical inquiry and just another academic discipline? As queer studies is being legitimated within American universities, what dangers and opportunities arise from the process of legitimation? The essays in The Gay '90s address these questions in two distinct ways. The first section of the book, "Disciplinary Reflections," reflects upon the process of disciplinary formation as it affects lesbian and gay studies in the academy, contrasting older academic disciplines with newer, identity-based areas of study. The second section, "Interdisciplinary Readings," demonstrates the extent to which contemporary queer studies involves practices of interdisciplinary reading and analysis.
Lost and found : queerying the archive : [Nikolaj Copenhagen Contemporary Art Center, 29 May - 2 August 2009 : Bildmuseet Umeå University, 7 February - 25 April 2010] / edited by Mathias Danbolt, Jane Rowley and Louise Wolthers
Out of place : interrogating silences in queerness/raciality
Karma R. Chávez analyzes how activists use coalition to articulate the shared concerns of queer politics and migration politics, as activists imagine their ability to belong in various communities and spaces, their relationships to state and regional politics, and their relationships to other people whose lives might be very different from their own. Advocating a politics of the present and drawing from women of color and queer of color theory, this book contends that coalition enables a vital understanding of how queerness and immigration, citizenship and belonging, and inclusion and exclusion are linked. Queer Migration Politics offers activists, queer scholars, feminists, and immigration scholars productive tools for theorizing political efficacy.
Queer migration politics : activist rhetoric and coalitional possibilities
Queer times : Christopher Isherwood's modernity
Queer Cinema, The Film Reader examines the relationship between cinematic representations of sexuality and their social, historical, and industrial contexts. Clearly divided into an introductory overview and four topic areas, the Reader explores how recent critical thinking has approached queer sexualities in relation to the cinema. The Reader concludes with an essay that queerly rethinks classical gaze theory and allows students and scholars of the subject to draw their own conclusions in their studies.
Hegemony and heteronormativity : revisiting 'the political' in queer politics
Chinese male homosexualities : memba, tongzhi and golden boy
This book brings together an international roster of renowned scholars from disciplines including philosophy, political theory, intellectual history, and literary studies to address the conceptual foundations of the humanities and the question of their future. What notions of the future, of the human, and of finitude underlie recurring anxieties about the humanities in our current geopolitical situation? How can we think about the unpredictable and unthought dimensions of praxis implicit in the very notion of futurity?The essays here argue that the uncertainty of the future represents both an opportunity for critical engagement and a matrix for invention. Broadly conceived, the notion of invention, or cultural poiesis, questions the key assumptions and tasks of a whole range of practices in the humanities, beginning with critique, artistic practices, and intellectual inquiry, and ending with technology, emancipatory politics, and ethics. The essays discuss a wide range of key figures (e.g., Deleuze, Freud, Lacan, Foucault, Kristeva, Irigaray), problems (e.g., becoming, kinship and the foreign, disposable populationswithin a global political economy, queerness and the death drive, the parapoetic, electronic textuality, invention and accountability, political and social reform in Latin America), disciplines and methodologies (philosophy, art and art history, visuality, political theory, criticism and critique, psychoanalysis, gender analysis, architecture, literature, art). The volume should be required reading for all who feel a deep commitment to the humanities, its practices, and its future.
Farväl heteronormativitet : papers presented at the conference Farewell to Heteronormativity, University of Gothenburg may 23rd through 25th, 2002
Queer cinema of Derek Jarman : critical and cultural readings
Queering gay and lesbian studies
This exciting collection of work introduces a major shift in debates on sexuality: a shift away from discourse, identity and signification, to a radical new conception of bodily materialism. Moving away from the established path known as queer theory, itsuggests an alternative to Butler's matter/representation binary. It thus dares to askhow to think sexuality and sex outside the discursive and linguistic context that hascome to dominate contemporary research in social sciences and humanities. Deleuze and Queer Theory is a provocative and often militant collection that explores a diverse range of themes including: the revisiting of the term 'queer'; a rethinking of the sex-gender distinction as being implied in Queer Theory; an exploration of queer temporalities; the non/re-reading of the homosexual body/desire and the becoming-queer of the Deleuze/Guattari philosophy. It will be essential reading for anyone interested not just in Deleuze's and Guattari's philosophy, but also in the fields of sexuality, gender and feminist theory.
British queer cinema
Queering Conflict offers a unique culturally specific analysis into the ways in which homophobia in Northern Ireland has been informed and sustained during the latter half of the twentieth century. This book takes the failure of the British Government to extend the 1967 Sexual Offences Act to Northern Ireland as its central point to demonstrate the subtle, but important, differences governing attitudes towards homosexuality in Northern Ireland. Both homophobia and hate crimes are shown to be situated within the framework of Northern Ireland's socio-political history as well as part of an overall culture of violence which existed as a result of 'the Troubles'. Duggan shows how the influence of moral and religious conservatism born out of sectarian divisions led to homophobia becoming an integral part of community cohesion and identity formation. Decades of political instability led to the marginalization of rights for lesbians and gay men, but the peace process has led to the development of a discourse of equality which is slowly allowing sexual minorities to situate themselves within the new Northern Ireland.
Rethinking national literatures and the literary canon in Scandinavia
In the name of national security : Hitchcock, homophobia, and the political construction of gender in postwar America
Cast out : queer lives in theater
Sexuality studies
Sadomasochistic Power Relations and Erotica in Audiovisual Music Performances
Transgressive tales : queering the Grimms
Mad for Foucault : rethinking the foundations of queer theory
Critical intersex
Transgender migrations : the bodies, borders, and politics of transition
Rather than a book of queer theory for artists, this is a book of artists' queer tactics and infectious concepts. By definition, there can be no singular "queer art." Here, in the first Documents of Contemporary Art anthology to be centered on artists' writings, numerous conversations about queer practice are brought together from diverse individual, social and cultural contexts. Together these texts describe and examine the ways in which artists have used the concept of queer as a site of political and institutional critique, as a framework to develop new families and histories, as a spur to action, and as a basis from which to declare inassimilable difference.
Disturbing practices : history, sexuality, and women's experience of modern war
Queer : a graphic history
Questioning gendered violence in two novels by Val McDermid
Queer necropolitics
Sound kinks : sadomasochistic erotica in audiovisual music performances
Speaking sex to power : the politics of queer sex
