http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20257 violent crimes
violent crimes
Offences of violence
Seductions of crime : moral and sensual attractions in doing evil
Crime victims : international and serbian perspective
Gender and interpersonal violence : language, action and representation
The position of the victim in the settlement of violent crimes
Adolescent homicides in Finland : offence and offender characteristics
The role of alcohol and steroid hormones in human aggression
Active shooter : preparing for and responding to a growing threat
The extent of violence against women is currently hidden. How should violence be measured? How should research and new ways of thinking about violence improve its measurement? Could improved measurement change policy? The book is a guide to how the measurement of violence can be best achieved. It shows how to make femicide, rape, domestic violence, and FGM visible in official statistics. It offers practical guidance on definitions, indicators and coordination mechanisms. It reflects on theoretical debates on 'what is gender', 'what is violence', and 'the concept of coercive control', and introduces the concept of 'gender saturated context'. Analysing the socially constructed nature of statistics and the links between knowledge and power, it sets new standards and guidelines to influence the measurement of violence in the coming decades.
Men of blood : murder in modern England
The representation of female victims and male offenders in reports of violent crime in newspaper discourse : the question of blame
Dedovshchina in the post-Soviet military : hazing of Russian Army conscripts in a comparative perspective
Aggression and crimes of violence
Elliptic pseudo-differential operators - an abstracf theory
Hidden criminality 1980 : a survey on reported and unreported offences against the person
Serial murder and the psychology of violent crimes
Hate crimes : new social movements and the politics of violence
The anatomy of violence : the biological roots of crime
One shot
Against violence against women : the case for gender as a protected class
Inequality and violent crime : a cross-national and cross-time study
Unemployment and gang crime : could prosperity backfire?
Public heroes private felons : athletes and crimes against women
The fury
In search of peace and harmony? : capital crimes in Late Medieval and Early Modern Swedish realm (ca.1450-1700)
When women kill : questions of agency and subjectivity
Homicide in Finland, the Netherlands and Sweden : a first study on the European homicide monitor data
Narrative exposure therapy : a short-term treatment for traumatic stress disorders
Strange piece of paradise
Engaging men in the fight against gender violence : case studies from Africa
Portrait of the yuppie as a serial killer : the dark side of the American dream in Bret Easton Ellis's American psycho
Homicide trends in Estonia between 1971 and 1996.
Transgressive imaginations : Crime, deviance and culture
Dangerousness, risk and the governance of serious sexual and violent offenders
An analysis of: Government sponsored social welfare expenditure and human aggression : in 6 OECD countries
Femicide : the politics of woman killing
Hood rat
Offences of violence. 1. supplement to the 1. ed
Women, violence and war : wartime victimization of refugees in the Balkans
Behavioral Threat Management: Prevention of Severe Targeted Violence in Educational Institutions
Bloodlands : Europe between Hitler and Stalin
From violence to caring : gendered and sexualized violence as the challenge on the life-span : abstracts
Violence : a public health menace and a public health approach
Psychiatric disorders and homicidal behavior in Finland
Bloodstream
Support crime and the rationality of violence
Sexual violence and violent relationships : the sexualisation of violence withing relationships
Targeted violence : a statistical and tactical analysis of assassinations, contract killings, and kidnappings
Bowling for Columbine
Accidents and violence 1988
The gift of fear : survival signals that protect us from violence
Handbook of family violence
When I was Joe
Gary Gilmore, the infamous murderer immortalized by Norman Mailer in The Executioner's Song, campaigned for his own death and was executed by firing squad in 1977. Writer Mikal Gilmore is his younger brother. In Shot in the Heart, he tells the stunning story of their wildly dysfunctional family: their mother, a blacksheep daughter of unforgiving Mormon farmers; their father, a drunk, thief, and con man. It was a family destroyed by a multigenerational history of child abuse, alcoholism, crime, adultery, and murder. Mikal, burdened with the guilt of being his father's favorite and the shame of being Gary's brother, gracefully and painfully relates a murder tale "from inside the house where murder is born... a house that, in some ways, [he has] never been able to leave." Shot in the Heart is the history of an American family inextricably tied up with violence, and the story of how the children of this family committed murder and murdered themselves in payment for a long lineage of ruin. Haunting, harrowing, and profoundly affecting, Shot in the Heart exposes and explores a dark vein of American life that most of us would rather ignore. It is a book that will leave no reader unchanged.
Finnish homicides and mental disorders : an investigation of offense and offender characteristics
NYPD Red
Women and rape
Surviving sexual violence
A historical review of violent crime in Finland
The nutshell studies of unexplained death : essays and photographs
Mental disorders and violent crime : epidemiological study on factors associated with severe violent offending
Just2seconds : using time and space to defeat assassins : with a compendium of attacks against at-risk persons
True crime : observations on violence and modernity
Journal of interpersonal violence
Working with victims of crime : policies, politics and practice
Shot in the heart
The concept and measurement of violence against women and men
Armed & female
Raymond Chandler : a documentary volume
Summary (s. 95-107): Recorded assault offences 1950-1997.
Violence in America. Vol. 2, Protest, rebellion, reform
The crime drop in America
Violence in America. Vol. 1, History of crime
Protection of women and children from harmful traditional practices in international human rights law
Accident and crime victims in Finland 1997 : interim report of the 1997 national accident and crime victim survey
Crime and the media
Forgiveness in the wake of severe violence : experiences of victims who engaged in facilitated victim-offender dialogue and forgave their transgressors
The price of violence : the costs of men's violence against women in Finland
The Jesus man
Violent property crime
The making of a detective
Crimes against women
Understanding violence
A wife and mother is killed in her home by her husband. A young, single woman is killed by a serial murderer, Great Britain's Yorkshire Ripper. Fourteen female students are shot to death at the University of Montreal by mass murderer Marc Lepine. All of these women are victims of femicide, the misogynist killing of women by men. While the issues of date rape and sexual harassment have finally entered into mainstream discourse, femicide, the most brutal form of sexist behaviour, has yet to be widely acknowledged and understood. In this wide-ranging study, more than 40 contributors document and describe the phenomenon of femicide as it occurs across continents and cultures, analyse the roles that our social values and institutions play in perpetuating it, and articulate the actions that can be taken to combat it. "Femicide : the Politics of Woman Killing" is at once a disturbing testimony to the many women who have been victims of femicide and an act of resistance.
Crime classification manual : a standard system for investigating and classifying violent crimes
Going postal : rage, murder and rebellion in America
The judicial response to police killings in Latin America
Men on rape
Criminal violence in Scandinavia : selected topics
What happened to violence? : an analysis of the development of violence from mediaeval times to the early modern era based on Finnish source material
The case for television violence
Manual for the sexual violence risk - 20 : professional guidelines for assessing risk of sexual violence
Homicide in Finland : trends and patterns in historical and comparative perspective
Violent crime in North America
The Oxford handbook of crime and public policy
Victims and criminal justice : victimological research : stocktaking and prospects
Violence assessment and intervention : the practitioner's handbook
Alcohol and crimes of violence : biochemical and personality aspects in sexual and non-sexual offenders
Handbook on justice for victims : on the use and application of the Declaration of Basic Principles of Justice for Victims of Crime and Abuse of Power
What happened to violence? : an analysis of the development of violence from mediaeval to the early modern era based on Finnish source material
TV - guilty or not guilty? : television and violence : an international comparison
The role of set shifting ability in differentiating between subgroups of violent offenders
Columbus circle
Another day in the death of America
Been a heavy life : stories of violent men
Everyday violence in contemporary Sweden : situational and ecological aspects
Where all light tends to go
Filicide, intra-familial child homicides in Finland 1970-1994
Smoke and mirrors : the hidden context of violence in schools and society
Women & guns : politics and the culture of firearms in America
No turning back
The real cost of drug cartels : a study on the effects of Drug Trafficking Organizations’ violence on the economic activity of Mexico
Good practice in working with violence
Five centuries of violence in Finland and the Baltic area
From violence to caring : gendered and sexualized violence as the challenge on the life-span : conference proceedings
Night rounds
"On everyone's lips" : humanists, Jews, and the tale of Simon of Trent
The girls : a novel
Understanding violence : morality, religion, and violence intertwined: a philosophical stance
Ghosts from the nursery : tracing the roots of violence
Small arms, crime and conflict : global governance and the threat of armed violence
Reasons for the reduction of violence in Finland in the 17th century
Council of Europe Convention on Preventing and Combating Violence against women and domestic violence : Istanbul, 11.V.2011 = Convention du Conseil de l'Europe sur la prévention et la lutte contre la violence à l'égard des femmes et la violence domestique
Dangerous familiars : representations of domestic crime in England, 1550-1700
The most wanted
Pupil-related psychosocial factors, school setting, and teacher sick leave : a collaborative data study
The great American gun debate : essays on firearms & violence
Victimization to violence : results from a 1980 national survey
Of men and monsters : Jeffrey Dahmer and the construction of the serial killer
The struggle
A prospective follow-up study of alcoholic violent offenders and fire setters
Violent offenders : theory, research, policy, and practice
Domestic violence and health care : what every professional needs to know
Threat assessment and management strategies : identifying the howlers and hunters
Violent offenders : appraising and managing risk
The girls
Why kids kill parents : child abuse and adolescent homicide
More guns, less crime : understanding crime and gun-control laws
The female fear : the social cost of rape
The hour I first believed : a novel
Crime scene actions and offender characteristics in unknown offender aggravated assaults and homecides
Serotonin and glucose metabolism in impulsively violent alcoholic offenders
Making a killing : femicide, free trade, and la frontera
Why are we so reluctant to believe that women can mean to kill? Based on case-studies from the US, UK and Australia, this book looks at the ways in which female killers are constructed in the media, in law and in feminist discourse almost invariably as victims rather than actors in the crimes they commit. Morrissey argues that by denying the possibility of female agency in crimes of torture, rape and murder, feminist theorists are, with the best of intentions, actually denying women the full freedom to be human. Case studies cover among others the battered wife, Pamela Sainsbury, who garrotted her husband as he slept, the serial killer, Aileen Wournos, who killed seven middle-aged men in Florida between 1989 and 1990, Tracey Wiggington, the so-called "lesbian vampire killer", and Karla Homolka who helped her husband kill two teenage girls in St. Catherines Ontario in 1993.
Police measures to prevent and reduce violence
