http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20227 bronze
bronze
The Pollaiuolo brothers : the arts of Florence and Rome
Bronze Age metalwork in Northern England c. 1000 to 700 B.C
Bronze metal clay : explore a new material with 35 projects
Ai Weiwei : Circle of animals
Vulcan's forge in Venus' City : the story of bronze in Venice, 1350-1650
The Bronze Age
The standing armed figurines in the Levant
Mensch und Umwelt in der Bronzezeit Europas = Man and environment in European Bronze Age
The discovery of the Greek Bronze Age
Environmental protection and conservation of the European cultural heritage : new conservation methods for outdoor bronze sculptures : final report
Spiral decoration in Early Bronze Age Scandinavia : a technical and qualitative analysis and study of production
Ancient Chinese bronzes in the Shanghai Museum
Nostalgija po istokam : vselennaja kotševnikov Dashi Namdakova = Nostalgia for the roots : Dashi Namadakov's universe of the nomads
Gods and warriors
The Georgians
European bronzes : 1450-1700
The interplay of past and present : papers from a session held at the 9th annual EAA meeting in St. Petersburg 2003
Eric Claus : twenty-one twentieth century philosophers in bronze
The Cull Chinese bronzes
Large bronzes in the Renaissance
Excavations of the Athenian Agora : picture book. 20, Bronzeworkers in the Athenian Agora
Metals in LBA Minoan and Mycenaean societies on Crete : a quantitative approach
A concise history of bronzes
The burning shadow
Designs for gilt bronze objects from the French Restoration, 1814-1830 : clocks, candelabra, chandeliers, wall sconces, and inkstands
China's renaissance in bronze : the Robert H. Clague Collection of later Chinese bronzes 1100-1900
Copper and bronze in art : corrosion, colorants, conservation
A concise history of bronzes / George Savage
Sanim katkrō̜n khō̜ng samrit læ withī kānraksā = Bronze disease and its treatment
Treasures from Shanghai : ancient Chinese bronzes and jades : [the British Museum, London, 30 January - 27 March 2009] / edited by Jessica Rawson
Arts of Africa : 7000 years of African art
Islamic metalwork
Ancient metallurgy in the USSR : the early metal age
Indian folk bronzes
Bronsåldersforskning - kring aktuella projekt = Bronze age research - some actual works
Bronzes : sculptors & founders, 1800-1930
Bronze age cultures in central and eastern Europe
The Bronzes of Rodin : catalogue of works in the Musée Rodin
Catalogue of the Celtic coins in the British museum with supplementary material from other British collections. Volume 3, Bronze coins of Gaul
Evading Greek models : three studies on Roman visual culture
Bronzeworking centres of Western Asia c. 1000-539 B. C.
Bronze sculpture casting & patination : mud fire metal
Copper and bronze in art : corrosion, colorants, conservation / David A. Scott
Protect our European outdoor brobze monuments : good practice guide
The colouring, bronzing and patination of metals : a manual for the fine metalworker and sculptor
Metallurgica antiqua : in honour of Hans-Gert Bachmann and Robert Maddin
The care of bronze sculpture : recommended maintenance programs
Mounds of majesty : monuments and artifacts from the early Bronze Age in Rogaland
Slovensko v dobe bronzovej = Slovakia in the Bronze age = Die Slowakei in der Bronzezeit
Mixed metals : creating contemporary jewelry with silver, gold, copper, brass & more
Bronze Age cultures in France : The Later Phases from the Thirteenth to the Seventh Century B. C.
Bronze cannon analysis : alloy composition related to corrosion picture
Helgö - moulds and routes : ceramological investigations of distribution, ceramics craft and raw materials
Bronze Age studies : transactions of the British-Scandinavian Colloquium in Stockholm, May 10-11, 1985
The hoards of the Irish Later Bronze Age
Bronze culture of Ancient China : an archaeological study of bronze objects from Northern Honan, dating from about 1400 B.C.-771 B.C
The socketed Bronze Axes in Ireland
The eye of the falcon
The Middle Cypriote bronze age
The daggers and the halberds of the Early Bronze Age in Ireland
The ancient bronze implements, weapons, and ornaments, of Great Britain and Ireland
Coastal communities on the move : house and polity interaction in Southern Ostrobothnia 1500 BC-AD 1
Studies on the arts and crafts of the late Cypriote bronze age
The Bronze Age metalwork in Southern Sweden : aspects of social and spatial organization 1800-500 B. C.
Dashi : Dashi Namdakovin myyttien maailma = Dashi Namdakov's world of myths
Enduring bronze : ancient art, modern views
Small bronzes in the Renaissance
The article considers the light shed on ancient religion by comparative linguistics and the analysis of visual images. Its starting point is the Bronze Age 'Sun Chariot' from Trundholm in Denmark, which is considered in both Flemming Kaul's book Ships on Bronzes and Martin West's Indo-European Poetry and Myth . The ideas of these two writers are discussed in conncection with the evidence of prehistoric rock carvings in South Scandinavia. The article considers how such places were used and draws attention to the distinctive practice of depicting pairs of footprints in this medium. The footprints may mark the positions of people engaged in rituals at these sites, for in many cases the drawings are oriented towards the solstices. Perhaps these events were observed from the decorated outcrops. Although the field evidence is limited, it supports the idea of a solar cosmology postulated by Kaul and West.
The Bronze Age in Europe : gods, heroes and treasures
The conservation of bronze sculpture in the outdoor environment : a dialogue among conservators, curators, environmental scientists, and corrosion engineers
The oriental mounts from Birka's Garrison : an expression of warrior rank and status
The horse and the sword
Corpus of Cypriot artefacts of the early Bronze Age. Pt. 3:1
Midsummer and Midwinter in the Rock Carvings of South Scandinavia
Myth becomes history : pre-classical Greece
The metalsmiths
Ancient Greek bronze coins from the Lindgren collection
The Qin terracotta army : treasures of Lintong
Sen-Oku Sei-Shô or the Collection of old Bronzes of Baron Sumimoto
Deterioration of archaeological material in soil : results on bronze artefacts
A nomad's universe
Alchemy of sculpture
Recent acquisitions made to the Robert H. Smith collection of Renaissance bronzes : a supplement to the catalogue volume Art of the Renaissance bronze 1500-1650
This book tells, for the first time, the story of bronze in Renaissance Venice. Previously unpublished documents provide an invaluable resource for the study of bronze objects and the people who commissioned and made them. The numerous illustrations include recently-restored works of art, and unpublished historical photographs.
Summary.
Mixed metal jewelry workshop : combining sheet, clay, mesh, wire & more
Himalayan bronzes : technology, style, and choices
Making wire jewelry : 60 easy projects in silver, copper & brass
Problems of the late Cypriote Bronze Age
Myrtos : an early bronze age settlement in Crete
Renaissance master bronzes from the Ashmolean Museum, Oxford : the Fortnum Collection
Bronser från Luristan : persiska metallarbeten i Medelhavsmuseet = Ancient Persian metalwork : the collection of Luristan bronzes at Medelhavsmuseet
The grin of the man in the moon : a medieval bronze pendant from Sauvo
Metal embossing : 20 simple projects with aluminium, copper & brass foils
Ancient Greek bronze coins: European mints : from the Lindgren collection
Some dynastic bronze coins of Constantine the Great
Chinese art. Volume 1
Sokrovishtsha Shanhaiskogo muzeja = Treasures from the Shanghai Museum : [State Hermitage Museum, St. Petersburg, 2007]
Bronser från Luristan : Persiska metallarbeten i Medelhavsmuseet = Ancient Persian metalwork : the collection of Luristan bronzes at Medelhavsmuseet
The wonder of Chinese bronzes
Bronze culture in Asia : an archaeological study on bronze in east and southeast aisa [!]: reports and papers submitted at the Unesco Symposium on bronze culture, Bangkok, July 1976.
Quantitative aspects of Bronze Age metalwork in Western Poland : long-distance exchange and social organization
The Permian animal style
The Bronze Age in Korea : a historical arhaeological outline
The making of sculpture : the materials and techniques of European sculpture
The materials of sculpture
THE WONDER OF CHINESE BRONZES
Bronze casting : a manual of techiques
Casting of brass and bronze : some practical aspects of brass and bronze casting in America, 1900-1950
Bronze, boxwood, and ivory in the Robert H. Smith collection of Renaissance sculpture : a second supplement to the catalogue volume Art of the Renaissance bronze 1500-1650
A Middle Helladic village : Asine in the Argolid
The Gates of paradise : Lorenzo Ghiberti's Renaissance masterpiece
Bronze Age metalworking in the Netherlands (c. 2000-800 BC) : a research into the preservation of metallurgy related artefacts and the social position of the smith
The Petters Late Bronze Age metalwork : an analytical study of Thames Valley metalworking in its settlement context
Principles of bronze sculpture, its making and unmaking : a study of outdoor bronze sculpture conservation
Political Economy of Bronze- and Iron Age Societies in the Eastern Coast of the Bothnian Bay ca. 1500 BC-AD 1300
Life and death in the bronze age : an archeologist's field-work
Perspectives on Bronze Sculpture Conservation: : Modelling Copper and Bronze Corrosion
Gallo-Roman bronzes and the process of Romanization : the Cobannus hoard
Scientific research of the sculptural arts of Asia : proceedings of the Third Forbes Symposium at the Freer Gallery of Art
Chinese art. Volume one
From clay to bronze : a studio guide to figurative sculpture
The Bronze Age in Ireland
