http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20208 Phoenix (computer programmes)
Phoenix (computer programmes)
This project was conducted to investigate the response of date palm (Phoenix dactylifera, cv. Zahdi) growth to three different irrigation methods: basin, bubbler and sprinkler irrigation systems under Kish Island climatic conditions during five successive years (2000-2004). This date planting comprised of 86 relatively uniform 10 year-old date-palms, which were cleaned, trimmed and standard fertilized regularly, but they have not been pollinated artificially during experiment. The results of this project demonstrated that the mean values of leaf number, leaf size, tree height and leaf mineral content of date palm were significantly (P=0.05) influenced by irrigation systems. As expressed in greater annual leaf number and tree height the general trend of growth increased as water availability to tree increased. The maximum vegetative growth (the mean height, leaf number and leaf size) was produced from palm trees irrigated with the bubbler irrigation system during five years, followed by the basin method. Bubbler irrigation was superior to basin and sprinkler irrigation, due to less evaporation and higher water availability to plants. Mineral contents of the leaves were also influenced by irrigation system. An increase in N content of leaves, with some between-year variations in relative values, was found and a fairly uniform N content in leaves of the bubbler-irrigated dates. P2O4 content did not significantly change in the treatments during the three years of analyses. Similarly, K content varied annually (non-significantly) between treatments. Date palm trees could be grown and also takeup minerals when only a small part of the area between trees was irrigated. The advantage of using bubbler irrigation under marginal conditions of saline water, soil stress and atmospheric dryness, the conditions under which the experiment was carried out, is discussed.
Phoenix Wright : Ace attorney. Volume 3
Last night at the viper room : River Phoenix and the Hollywood he left behind
Phoenix Wright : Ace attorney. Volume 4
Hey, Hugo
Microsatellite markers reveal high genetic diversity in date palm ( Phoenix dactylifera  L.) germplasm from Sudan
Shakespeare and the truth of love : the mystery of 'the phoenix and turtle'
Comparison of bubbler, sprinkler and basin irrigation for date palms (Phoenix dactylifera, cv. Zahdi) growth in Kish Island, Iran
Proceedings of the Fourth International Date Palm Conference : Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates, March 15-17, 2010
Phoenix Central library : bruder DWL architects
The date palm and its utilization in the southwestern states
Phoenix : Phoenix Downtown, Scottsdale Downtown, Arizona, Heritage Square, Sky Harbor International Airport
Genetic diversity and adaptation of date palm (Phoenix dactylifera L.)
The River Phoenix album
Phoenix Wright : Ace attorney. Volume 5
Fragments of a poetics of fire
Fuel for growth : water and Arizona's urban environment
The date palm, Phoenix dactylifera L. 'Khorma' (Persian), is an example of a tree crop that can benefit immediately from the applications of the modern biotechnology. Despite the importance as an economic plant, there is no report on its genetic transformation. Palm tree is the target for several pests and diseases, so it is necessary to focus on its in vitro propagation and genetic engineering technology (date palm transformation) to overcome some of these problems. The objective of this study was to identify the major parameters controlling DNA delivery by particle bombardment to date palm embryogenic calli and somatic embryos. The main factors studied were osmotic conditioning of explants before and after bombardment (osmotic and non-osmotic), type of explants (embryogenic callus and somatic embryo) and different bombardment parameters like acceleration pressure (900 and 1100 psi), bombardment distance (6 and 9 cm) and gold particle size (1 and 0.6 micro m). Efficiency of DNA (gus gene) delivery was assessed by scoring transient GUS expression in bombarded tissues. Statistical analysis of blue spots produced by GUS histochemical assay showed that all parameters significantly affected the transient GUS expression. Results of mean comparison showed that GUS transient expression increased when 1.0 micro m gold particle, 1100-psi rupture disk, 6 cm bombardment distance, osmotic medium and mature somatic embryos were used.
Phoenix user manual : first version
Transient expression of β-glucuronidase reporter gene in date palm (Phoenix dactylifera L.) embryogenic calli and somatic embryos via microprojectile bombardment
Proceedings of the Ist International Symposium on Date Palm : Algiers, Algeria, November 13-14, 2011
Phoenix : policing the shadows
The Heard Museum : history and collections
Desert cities : the environmental history of Phoenix and Tucson
Big year expected at Phoenix Reisen
The phoenix and the turtle : Shakespeare's poem and Chester's Loues martyr
Phoenix Wright : Ace attorney. Volume 2
For one and all
Dead before their time
Moon handbooks. Phoenix, Scottsdale & Sedona
The myth of the Phoenix, according to classical and early Christian traditions
Phoenix Wright : Ace attorney. Volume 1
Quality traits of date palm fruits in a center of origin and center of diversity
Waiting to exhale
Phoenix : a tale of future
The expendable man
Interpretations : essays on twelve English poems
