http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20212 active voice
active voice
Adsorptive removal of harmful organic compounds from aqueous solutions
Radon and radium in well water : measurements and mitigation of exposure
Regulations on the work of selecting and appointing leading party and government cadres
Utilisation of gasification carbon residues:activation, characterisation and use as an adsorbent
Biomass control in BAC treatment of surface water
A guide for building, operating, controlling and maintaining a complete mix activated sludge pilot reactor
Adsorption and photocatalysis in water treatment:active, abundant and inexpensive materials and methods
This thesis examines three different areas of water treatment technology: the application of organic peracids in wastewater treatment; the removal of organic residues from boiler make-up water; and the use of geopolymers as sorbents.The main advantages of peracids as alternative wastewater disinfectants are their effective antimicrobial properties and high oxidation power, as well the absence of harmful disinfection by-products after their use. Performic, peracetic and perpropionic acids were compared in laboratory-scale disinfection, oxidation and corrosion experiments. From the techno-economical point of view, performic acid proved to be the most effective disinfectant against E. coli and fecal enterococci. However, in the bisphenol-A oxidation experiments, no advantages compared to hydrogen peroxide use were observed. It was also determined that corrosion rates on stainless steel 316L were negligible, while carbon steel seemed unsuitable in terms of corrosion for use with peracids even in low concentrations.Organic compounds in the boiler plant water-steam cycle thermally decompose and form potentially corrosive species. Activated carbon filtration was confirmed to be a suitable method for the removal of organic residue from deionized boiler make-up water. No significant differences in terms of treatment efficiency between commercial activated carbons were observed. However, acid washing as a pre-treatment reduced the leaching of impurities from new carbon beds. Nevertheless, a mixed-bed ion exchanger was required to remove leached impurities, such as silica and sodium.Geopolymers, or amorphous analogues of zeolites, can be used as sorbents in the treatment of wastewater. Metakaolin and blast-furnace-slag geopolymers showed positive potential in the treatment of landfill leachate (NH4+ ) and mine effluent (Ni, As, Sb).
"Contemporary Asian intellectuals - 17 portraits combining biography, intellectual and political history and analysis."--Provided by publisher.
Reframing pluralism
"So many irons in the fire" : university student activists' descriptions of active citizenship.
The effects of wood derived compounds on biological treatment
Born to run : origins of the political career
Adsorption and photocatalysis in water treatment : active, abundant and inexpensive materials and methods
Antioxidant release from synthetic bioabsorbable polymer films
Utilisation of gasification carbon residues : activation, characterisation and use as an adsorbent
Utilisation of industrial by-products in water treatment:carbon-and silicate-based materials as adsorbents for metals and sulphate removal
New adsorption and oxidation-based approaches for water and wastewater treatment:studies regarding organic peracids, boiler-water treatment, and geopolymers
On the microbial ecology of activated sludge
Activated carbon amendments for sediment remediation : reduction of aquatic and biota concentrations of PCBs, and secondary effects on Lumbriculus variegatus and Chironomus riparius
Emotions between the self and the world
Dynamics of denitrifying populations in activated sludge processes with nitrogen removal
Metal-modified activated charcoals in concentration and separation of arsenic, selenium and chromium species before EDXRF and GFAAS analyses
Microbial growth in granular activated carbon (GAC) treated disinfected water
Simulation of sludge blanket of a vertical clarifier in activated sludge process
Profiles in courage : political actors & ideas in contemporary Asia
New adsorption and oxidation-based approaches for water and wastewater treatment : studies regarding organic peracids, boiler-water treatment, and geopolymers
New adsorption and oxidation-based approaches for water and wastewater treatment [Julkaisurekisteri] : studies regarding organic peracids, boiler-water treatment, and geopolymers
This thesis examines three different areas of water treatment technology: the application of organic peracids in wastewater treatment; the removal of organic residues from boiler make-up water; and the use of geopolymers as sorbents.The main advantages of peracids as alternative wastewater disinfectants are their effective antimicrobial properties and high oxidation power, as well the absence of harmful disinfection by-products after their use. Performic, peracetic and perpropionic acids were compared in laboratory-scale disinfection, oxidation and corrosion experiments. From the techno-economical point of view, performic acid proved to be the most effective disinfectant against E. coli and fecal enterococci. However, in the bisphenol-A oxidation experiments, no advantages compared to hydrogen peroxide use were observed. It was also determined that corrosion rates on stainless steel 316L were negligible, while carbon steel seemed unsuitable in terms of corrosion for use with peracids even in low concentrations.Organic compounds in the boiler plant water-steam cycle thermally decompose and form potentially corrosive species. Activated carbon filtration was confirmed to be a suitable method for the removal of organic residue from deionized boiler make-up water. No significant differences in terms of treatment efficiency between commercial activated carbons were observed. However, acid washing as a pre-treatment reduced the leaching of impurities from new carbon beds. Nevertheless, a mixed-bed ion exchanger was required to remove leached impurities, such as silica and sodium.Geopolymers, or amorphous analogues of zeolites, can be used as sorbents in the treatment of wastewater. Metakaolin and blast-furnace-slag geopolymers showed positive potential in the treatment of landfill leachate (NH4+ ) and mine effluent (Ni, As, Sb).^
Pollutant (such as metals and sulphate) contamination exists in the wastewaters of many industries, including mining operations, metal plating facilities, and tanneries. Adsorption is one of the most commonly used processes for the removal of pollutants from waters and wastewaters due to its high efficiency and simple operation. Activated carbon is the most frequently used adsorbent material, although its high cost inhibits its widespread use in wastewater treatment. Therefore, there is a need to develop other adsorbents from alternative inexpensive raw materials such as locally available industrial and mineral waste and by-products. The aim of this thesis was to study the possibility of using industrial waste materials such as carbon residue, metakaolin, blast-furnace slag and analcime as an inexpensive sorbent for iron, copper, nickel, arsenic, antimony and sulphate removal from aqueous solutions. To enhance their adsorption capacity, different chemical treatments (i.e. activation, modification, geopolymerisation) were performed. As a result, the level of removal of iron, copper and nickel by carbon residue and zinc chloride activated carbon residue was higher than that by the commercial activated carbon. Iron chloride modified carbon residue was the most effective sorbent material for sulphate removal when compared to the other studied chemically modified/activated carbon residues. Blast-furnace slag and metakaolin geopolymers as well as their raw materials, were examined for the simultaneous removal of nickel, arsenic and antimony from the spiked mine effluent. In the case of blast-furnace slag, geopolymerisation clearly increased the efficiency of nickel, arsenic and antimony removal to a beneficial level. The barium chloride modified blast-furnace-slag geopolymer was a very efficient sorbent material for sulphate removal and it could thus be a technically feasible sulphate sorbent for wastewater treatment (e.g. in the mining industry in applications in which very low sulphate levels are desired). Barium chloride modified acid washed analcime could also be a potential sorbent for sulphate removal.
Utilisation of industrial by-products in water treatment : carbon-and silicate-based materials as adsorbents for metals and sulphate removal
Simulation of sludge blanket of a vertical clarifier in activated sludge process = Aktiivilietepuhdistamon pystyselkeyttimen lietepatjan simulointi
The ambiguity of gendered religion
The role of passive constructions in the New Testament, a model-based corpus study
Activated carbon
