http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20225 bioclimatology
bioclimatology
re-greening the desert, afforestation and organic agriculture and active storage of atmospheric carbon emissions within agricultural soils. This book demonstrates that investment in renewable energies and a sustainable economy is not only a worthwhile cause but also has an economic value. The book introduces new actors such as the financial industry as an investor and political actor. If the financial industry becomes a political actor and calls for a necessary regulatory framework, more nations will follow - accompanied by an economic benefit - which will create a class of pioneer nations instead of the ever failing project of a global climate agreement. The transformation of the world economy can be accelerated through the right political measures. Active legislative support is necessary, for example the implementation of Feed-in-Tariffs for renewable energies, ending all subsidies for fossil fuels and the internalization of external damage costs such as nuclear waste management.^
Cydia pomonella L. (Lepidoptera: Tortricidae) : studies on distribution, oviposition behaviour, flight activity and bioclimatic potential to improve prognoses in Norway
Earth environments : past, present and future
Bioclimatology and natural hazards
Climate change : biological and human aspects
"Anthropogenic influences to the earth's system, including the atmosphere, hydrosphere, biosphere, cryosphere and lithosphere, represent a serious challenge to our planet's ecosystems and natural environments. Bioclimatology, hydrology, bio-hydrology and eco-physiology are important scientific research areas with wide application to environmental protection, forestry, agriculture and water management, and protection against natural hazards including droughts, floods, windstorms, weather extremes, and wild fires. Bioclimatology helps to better understand the causes and impacts of natural hazards and how to prevent them. Improved knowledge of natural hazards is a vital prerequisite for the implementation of integrated resource management. It provides a useful framework for combating current climate variability and for adapting to ongoing climate change." "This book presents research on the interactions between meteorological, climatological, hydrological and biological processes in the atmospheric and terrestrial environment. It highlights a spectrum of topics associated with climate change and weather extremes and their impact on different economic sectors. The contributing authors come from renowned scientific research institutions and universities and specialise in issues of climate change, soil-plant-atmosphere interactions, hydrologic cycle, ecosystems, biosphere, and natural hazards."--BOOK JACKET.
Global cooling : strategies for climate protection
Climate-conscious architecture : design and wind testing method for climates in change
The Earth system
Using remote sensing to model tree species distribution in Peruvian Amazonia
Ecological climatology : concepts and applications
The latest book in the successful CABI Climate Change Series sums up present knowledge regarding both agricultural and forest insect pests and climate change in order to identify future research directions.
Climate change and insect pests
Bioclimatology and climatophilous vegetation of Tenerife (Canary Islands)
Biological implications of global change : northern perspectives
This book redefines climate protection measures and readjusts climate protection targets in line with what is scientifically necessary and economically feasible. The reader is provided with an overview of recent developments and failings in, and successful instruments for, fighting climate change and global warming. Effective climate protection measures rest on two pillars: stopping all greenhouse gas emissions and cleaning the atmosphere of spare carbon. Both are possible, if the use of fossil fuels in the energy, transport, construction and chemistry sectors is terminated and the decision is made to consistently switch to a world economy with zero emissions instead. Global Feed-in-Tariffs can provide incentives for renewable energies as the German Feed-in-Tariff has proven - a measure which has been copied by almost 70 nations around the world. At the same time agricultural practices are necessary to support an increase in biodiversity, e.g.Global warming does not have to be our inescapable fate. If mankind pursues the right climate protection strategies, the earth can be cooled down to an acceptable level in a few decades.
Climate change and the future distribution of palsa mires : ensemble modelling, probabilities and uncertainties
Lucky planet : why Earth is exceptional - and what that means for life in the universe
"This book is about biology and human ecology as they relate to climate change. Let's take it as read that climate change is one of the most urgent and fascinating science-related issues of our time and that you are interested in the subject: for if you were not you would not be reading this now. Indeed, there are many books on climate change but nearly all, other than the voluminous Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) reports, tend to focus on a specialist aspect of climate, be it weather, palaeoclimatology, modelling and so forth. Even books relating to biological dimensions of climate change tend to be specialist, with a focus that may relate to agriculture, health or palaeoecology. These are, by and large, excellent value provided that they cover the specialist ground which readers seek. However, the biology of climate change is so broad that the average life-sciences student, or specialist seeking a broader context in which to view their own field, has difficulty in finding a wide-ranging review of the biology and human ecology of climate change. Non-bioscience specialists with an interest in climate change (geologists, geographers, atmospheric chemists, etc.) face a similar problem"--
Climate and water in Europe : water quality and aquatic ecosystems
Bioclimatic skyscrapers : Hamzah & Yeang
Climate, earth processes and earth history
Proceedings of the seminar "Sea ice climate and marine environments in the Okhotsk and Baltic Seas - the present status and prospects" : Archipelago Research Institute, Seili, Finland, 10-13 September 2001.
Linking water and carbon cycles : modeling latent heat exchange and dissolved organic carbon
Biogeochemistry of global change : radiatively active trace gases : selected papers from the Tenth International Symposium on Environmental Biogeochemistry, San Francisco, August 19-24, 1991
Climate variability and ecosystem response at long-term ecological research sites
