http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20220 minimum wage
minimum wage
Report. 3, Part 4B, General survey of the reports on the Minimum Wage-Fixing Machinery Convention (no. 26) and Recommendation (no. 30), 1928; the Minimum Wage Fixing Machinery (Agriculture) Convention (no. 99) and Recommendation (no. 89), 1951; and the Minimum Wage Fixing Convention (no. 131) and Recommendation (no. 135), 1970 : report
Flexibility and work organization
Rewarding work : how to restore participation and self-support to free enterprise
Poverty policies, structures and outcomes in the EU 25 : report for the fifth European round table on poverty and social exclusion 16-17 October 2006, Tampere, Finland
A note on the robustness of Card and Krueger (1994) and Neumark and Wascher (2000)
Hard work : life in low-pay Britain
Minimum wages, pay equity, and comparative industrial relations
Integration, labor market regulation, lobbying, and technological change
Abstract.
Profit at the bottom of the ladder : creating value by investing in your workforce
Basic income and democracy
Moving up or moving on : who advances in the low-wage labor market?
Taxing wages. 2005-2006, Special feature: the tax treatment of minimum wages, 2006 edition
Industrial relations in Europe 2008
Labour market studies. Greece
Nickel and dimed : on (not) getting by in America
On the social dimension in posting of workers : reasoning on posted workers directive, wage liability, minimum wages and right to industrial action
The issue of wages has attracted particular attention at European level since the onset of the economic crisis. Changes in economic governance, notably within the European semester, have prompted discussions on wage‑setting mechanisms. While, overall, wage‑bargaining regimes have remained relatively stable over time in many countries, the most substantial changes were seen in Member States facing more difficult economic circumstances. This report provides comparative time series on wage‑bargaining outcomes across the EU Member States and Norway, discussing pay developments against the background of different wage‑bargaining regimes and looks into the link between pay and productivity developments. It also investigates the different systems and levels of minimum wages in Europe at present, carrying out an accounting exercise through a hypothetical scenario of a minimum wage set at 60% of the median national wage (with some alternative scenarios as well for comparison) in order to benchmark and evaluate minimum wage levels and systems in Europe, and to discuss the possibilities and difficulties of coordination in this matter.
Millions of Americans work full-time, year-round, for poverty-level wages. In 1998, the author decided to join them. She was inspired in part by the rhetoric surrounding welfare reform, which promised that a job, any job, can be the ticket to a better life. But how does anyone survive, let alone prosper, on $6 an hour? To find out, she left her home, took the cheapest lodgings she could find, and accepted whatever jobs she was offered. Moving from Florida to Maine to Minnesota, she worked as a waitress, a hotel maid, a cleaning woman, a nursing home aide, and a Wal-Mart sales clerk. She lived in trailer parks and crumbling residential motels. Very quickly, she discovered that no job is truly "unskilled," and that even the lowliest occupations require exhausting mental and muscular effort. She also learned that one job is not enough; you need at least two if you intend to live indoors. This work reveals low-rent America in all its tenacity, anxiety, and surprising generosity, a land of Big Boxes, fast food, and a thousand desperate strategems for survival. Read it for the author's perspective and for a rare view of how "prosperity" looks from the bottom. You will never see anything, from a motel bathroom to a restaurant meal, quite the same way again. In her new afterword she explains why, ten years on in America this book is more relevant than ever.
The activation dilemma : reconciling the fairness and effectiveness of minimum income schemes in Europe
Myth and measurement : the new economics of the minimum wage
An "examination of what we don't talk about when we talk about restaurants: Is the line cook working through a case of stomach flu because he doesn't get paid sick days? Is the busser not being promoted because he speaks with an accent? Is the server tolerating sexual harassment because tips are her only income? ... [This book] offers an insider's view of the highest--and lowest--scoring restaurants for worker pay and benefits in each sector of the restaurant industry, and with it, a new way of thinking about how and where we eat"--Amazon.com.
Applications of treatment effects models and semiparametric estimation
Summary and conclusions (s. 32-33).
Minimum wages and employment : static and dynamic non-market-clearing equilibrium models
Abstract (s. 1-2).
Minimum income models in Europe
Executive summary (s. 9-17).
Labour market studies. Italy
The European face of social security : essays in honour of Herman Deleeck
Essays on labour market structure and policies
Minimum wage fixing : an international review of practices and problems
Labour market studies. Portugal
Reshaping the labour market : regulation, efficiency and equality in Australia
Reconciling the evidence of Card and Kreuger (1994) and Neumark and Wascher (2000)
Low-wage work in the wealthy world
Comparative employment relations in the global economy
Forked : a new standard for American dining
Policies for low wage employment and social exclusion
$2.00 a day : living on almost nothing in America
Pay in Europe in the 21st century
