http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20276 commands
commands commandments orders
Reviewing the covenant : Eugene Borowitz and the postmodern revival of Jewish theology
'Love your enemies' : Jesus' love command in the synoptic gospels and in the early Christian paraensis : a history of the tradition and interpretation of its uses
The Septuagint, sexuality, and the New Testament : case studies on the impact of the LXX in Philo and the New Testament
The Ten Commandments : interpreting the Bible in the medieval world
Losing Moses on the freeway: the 10 commandments in America
The concise book of mitzvoth : the commandments which can be observed today
A book of commandments, for the government of the Church of Christ, organized according to law, on the 6th of April, 1830.
Dives and Pauper. 1:1
No need necessarily to show off! : directives as situated activity in L2 classroom interaction
Injunctions against intermediaries in copyright infringement cases from an EU law perspective
What did the ten commandments have to teach? Using the commentaries of a group of scholars from c. 1150-1350, such as Peter Lombard, Robert Grosseteste, and Bonaventure, along with confessors' manuals, mystery plays and sermon material, this book investigates the place of the Decalogue in medieval thought. Beginning with the overarching themes of law and number, it moves to consider what sort of God is revealed in the commandments of the first stone tablet, and uncovers the structure that lay behind the precepts dealing with one's neighbour. Interpreting the commandments allows us to look at issues of method and individuality in the medieval schools, and ask whether answers intended for the classroom could make an impression on the wider world.
I am the Lord your God : Christian reflections on the Ten Commandments
The way of the Lord : essays in Old Testament theology
The significance of Sinai : traditions about Sinai and divine revelation in Judaism and Christianity
I want to be a Christian
The ten commandments in history and tradition
Authority of law; and law : eight lectures
Dives and pauper
The law, the covenant and God's plan. Volume 1, Paul's polemical treatment of the law in Galatians
The division of the Ten Commandments in Anglo-Saxon England
Dives and pauper. 1:2
Opening the gates of interpretation : Maimonides' biblical hermeneutics in light of his Geonic-Andalusian heritage and Muslim milieu
The truth about God : the Ten Commandments in Christian life
The nine commandments : uncovering a hidden pattern of crime and punishment in the Hebrew Bible
Summary: The source of blessedness.
The law in the Bible and its environment
Kymmenen käskyä : 50th anniversary collection
The Decalogue and its cultural influence
The Ten commandments for Jews, Christians, and others
The 21 papers in this volume offer the richest and most wide-ranging interdisciplinary collection of studies on the reception of the Decalogue in culture, and will prove to be a fundamental resource for students of the biblical text and of the reception of the Bible in general.
The gold-collar worker : harnessing the brainpower of the new work force
Two models of Jewish philosophy : justifying one's practices
Between woman, man, and God : a new interpretation of the ten commandments
Studies in the Book of the Covenant in the light of cuneiform and biblical law
Deuteronomy 4 and the second commandment
The Ten commandments : a handbook of religious, legal, and social issues
The ten commandments : a short history of an ancient text
Religion and film : an introduction
Architectural optimization of a DSP core for speech and audio applications
Between good and evil
