http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20250 breweries
breweries
Brewed awakening : behind the beers and brewers leading the world's craft brewing revolution
Bibliography of food : a select international bibliography of nutrition, food and beverage technology and distribution 1936-56
U Fleku : from Skremenec to the Fleks...a narrative about three kings and one small brewery
Beer & philosophy : the unexamined beer isn't worth drinking
Great American craft beer : a guide to the nation's finest beers and breweries
The Heineken story : the remarkably refreshing tale of the beer that conquered the world
Scotch ale
Altbier : history, brewing techniques, recipes
The beers of France
"A "beer lover's guide, including more than 100 types to know, arranged style by style"--Jacket.
The Sinebrychoffs : a part of finnish industry and cultural history
The beer bible
The craft of Stone Brewing Co. : liquid lore, epic recipes, and unabashed arrogance
The Carlsberg foundation : the Carlsberg laboratory, scientific grants, the Museum of national history at Fredriksborg castle, the New Carlsberg foundation
"Wood & Beer: A Brewer's Guide covers the history, physiology, microbiology and flavor contributions of wood, as well as the maintenance of wooden vessels. This book is about both wood and beer, and the mysteries that arise when the two come together"--
Water in brewing : manual of good practice
The world atlas of beer
Modern brewing technology
German wheat beer
Michael Jackson's beer companion
Malt limit dextrinase and its importance in brewing
The  Sinebrychoffs : a historical sketch
Beer : the ultimate world tour
Last call : the rise and fall of Prohibition
Business for punks : break all the rules - the BrewDog way
Panimoravintola Koulu : brewery, restaurant, malt, hops, brewing company
Comparison of dry and liquid brewer's yeasts and dry yeast storage
Development of intra-industrial efficiency : an application to Finnish breweries in 1954-1972
Brew your own real ale at home
Malting and brewing science : volume 2 : hopped wort and beer
The brewmaster's table : discovering the pleasures of real beer with real food
Brew classic european beers at home
Michael Jackson's pocket beer book
Smoked beers : history, brewing techniques, recipes
Immobilized yeast in continuous fermentation of beer
Wood & beer : a brewer's guide
Beverage package additional tax in Finland : cutting off process 2005-2007 and effects
Market research for MAKU Brewing : market entry to St. Petersburg
The Effects of Recession on Finnish Alcohol Consumption : Concentration on brewery industry in comparison to the recession in Finland 1990 - 1993
A history of beer and brewing
To brew or not to brew : a brewing trouble mystery
Farmhouse ales : culture and craftmanship in the Belgian tradition
The Association of Brewers' Dictionary of Beer and Brewing : the most complete collection of brewing terms written in English
A simple path to sustainability : green business strategies for small and medium-sized businesses
The practical brewer : a manual for the brewing industry
Brewing up a business : adventures in beer from the founder of Dogfish Head Craft Brewery
The Oxford companion to beer
The aim for this thesis was to do research on St. Petersburg business environment concerning especially craft beer retail/wholesale markets, culture and business viability for MAKU for entering the markets as soon and as smoothly as possible. The study and its suggestions were based on relevant international marketing literature and two face-to-face interviews with Russian market/business environment specialists. Majority of the references, however, came from articles and news on the Internet, because those generally are the most up-to-date sources. The initial purpose of the thesis was to conduct a practical plan for MAKU on where to begin, gather possible client and partner information for them to start their business venture, what to expect from Russian business field (legally and culturally), and how to manage and cope with that environment. I performed a quite extensive research on the St. Petersburg business environment. The interviews I conducted steered my way into researching the political and economic environment of St. Petersburg's markets more in-depth than I was originally supposed to. PESTL analysis was my central structure which my references - literature, interviews, and web articles - supported. The thesis also includes sections of market environment study, socio-cultural, technological, legal and competitive aspects and finally a comparison of the three most feasible foreign market entry strategies in regard of MAKU Brewing's needs and current capabilities. Based on my findings throughout the thesis I now find my expectations were very high on how MAKU would be able to enter the markets with great ease. My original thoughts of St. Petersburg as a potential expansion market for MAKU were rationalized during my research. The main suggestion for MAKU was an topic that was against my original hypothesis. I came into the conclusion that it is not a good plan to try to penetrate the market with the schedule MAKU had in mind. With my findings it would take persistence and probably years to do the groundwork needed for a project of this scale - not months. The current political and economic environment of Russia is not prolific for a thriving business venture. I did not say it would be impossible, but it is extremely difficult and in the worst case scenario has a potential for backfiring. I made other suggestions such as implementing lower risk try-outs in St. Petersburg, or in different, but culturally similar, foreign markets. I also concluded the market entry strategy MAKU should start out with when they do decide to go into international business. It should be the use of a Russian distributor and later on to try out the piggyback method, when some international experience is gathered.
Training in the food and beverages sector in Luxembourg : report for the force programme
Malting and brewing science : volume 1 : malt and sweet wort
Market entry strategy for supplying biogas technology to Vietnam Breweries
"A radical guide for starting a revolutionary business, from the charismatic, unconventional co-founder of UK-based craft beer company BrewDog and cohost of EsquireTV's BREWDOGS. After practicing law for all of two weeks, James Watt walked out on his legal career to start BrewDog craft brewery with his best friend, Martin Dickie. They didn't do it with a business plan; they did it with a mission to revolutionize beer drinking in the UK, to put flavor back into beer glasses and make other people as passionate about craft beer as they are. Since 2007, BrewDog has become the fastest growing food and drink manufacturer in the UK, employing over 500 people, and shipping their award-winning BrewDog beer to over 50 countries, including the US. Watt is also the star of the BREWDOGS TV show, which airs on the Esquire Network. "--
Beer, food, and flavor : tasting, pairing, and the culture of craft beer
Brewing the world's great beers : a step-by-step guide
The New brewer
Feasibility of continuous main fermentation of beer using immobilized yeast
Beer : tap into the art and science of brewing
Business for punks
Idemo na pivo! : pogled na kulturu konzumiranja piva = Let's have a beer! : a view to the culture of beer consumption
Real ales for the home brewer
Complete IPA : the guide to your favorite craft beer
Beer filtration, stabilisation and sterilisation : manual of good practice
The chemistry of beer
Beer basics : a quick and easy guide
The Brewers Association's guide to starting your own brewery
Brewing microbiology
The brewing industry : a guide to historical records
Maltose and maltotriose transport into ale and lager brewer's yeast strains
300 beers to try before you die!
New brewing lager beer : the most comprehensive book for home- and microbrewers
Quality management : essential planning for breweries
Technology brewing and malting
"This book decodes how to create and manage a system for ensuring quality in all facets of the brewery environment. Written for breweries of all types and sizes--new and established--this book will guide the development of a program that grows and changes with your brewery"--
Tangled up in a brew
Brewing : science and practice
Creating experiences : a manual for the adventure brewery restaurant "Gipsmühle" Hohenschwangau
Labour and capital demand in the Finnish brewing industy in 1954 - 1972 : an econometric approach with combined time-series and cross-section data on a plant level
Beers of the world
"Updated business wisdom from the founder of Dogfish Head, the nation's fastest growing independent craft brewery Starting with nothing more than a home brewing kit, Sam Calagione turned his entrepreneurial dream into a foamy reality in the form of Dogfish Head Craft Brewery, one of America's best and fastest growing craft breweries. In this newly updated Second Edition, Calagione offers a deeper real-world look at entrepreneurship and what it takes to operate and grow a successful business. In several new chapters, he discusses Dogfish's most innovative marketing ideas, including how social media has become an integral part of the business model and how other small businesses can use it to catch up with bigger competitors. Calagione also presents a compelling argument for choosing to keep his business small and artisanal, despite growing demand for his products. Updated to offer a more complete look at what it takes to keep a small business booming An inspiring story of renegade entrepreneurialism and the rewards of dreaming big, working hard, and thinking unconventionally Shows how to use social media to reach new customers and grow a business For any entrepreneur with a dream, Brewing Up a Business, Second Edition presents an enlightening, in-depth look at what it takes to succeed on their own terms."--Provided by publisher.
Small-scale brewing
Beer packaging : a manual for the brewing and beverage industries
Good beer guide 1990 : the pub-lover's essential reference book
Michael Jackson's beer companion : the world's great beer styles, gastronomy, and traditions
Go on a fun, flavorful tour through the world of craft beers. Bernstein demystifies beer, and teaches you to choose from and enjoy the vast array of singular brews available today.
Principles of brewing science
The complete beer course : boot camp for beer geeks: from novice to expert in twelve tasting classes
Brewing and breweries
The concentration of beer production in Finland, 1932-1980
