http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2026 fauna
fauna
Tropical forest biomes
Dynamics, genetic structure and viability of a small and declining Temminck's stint (Calidris temminckii) population
The fauna history of Newfoundland : illustrated by carabid beetles
Reports of the Princeton University expeditions to Patagonia, 1896-1899. Vol. 3, Zoölogy : part 2, batrachians and reptiles - part 3, the fresh water fishes of Patagonia and an examination of the Archiplata-Archhelenis theory
The Neotropical and Mexican orb-weavers of the genera Cyclosa and Allocyclosa (Araneae, Araneidae)
Impacts of the non-native crayfish (Pacifastacus leniusculus) on littoral benthic invertebrate communities in Lake Päijänne
Around the poles
Catalogue of the mammals of Western Europe (Europe exclusive of Russia) in the collection of the British Museum
Fauna of USSR : mammals. Vol. 1/no. 2, Musk deer and deer
Reports of the Princeton University expeditions to Patagonia, 1896-1899. Vol. 2, Ornithology : part 2, Procellariidæ-Charadriidæ
Transylvanian review of systematical and ecological research
Reports of the Princeton University expeditions to Patagonia, 1896-1899. Vol. 2, Ornithology : part 4, Anatidæ-Tytodidæ
The snakes of Honduras
The natural history of Juan Fernandez and Easter Island. Vol. 1, Geography, geology, origin of the island life, pt. 3:5 Derivation of the flora and fauna of Juan Fernandez and Easter Island
The Kingdon field guide to African mammals
National Audubon Society field guide to Florida
Under the sea
A monograph of oriental Cicadidæ. Part 1
Sea turtles are affected by a range of different factors, some natural and others caused by human activities, including fishing operation. As a result, all sea turtles species whose conservation status has been assessed are considered to be threatened or endangered. These guidelines provide assistance for the preparation of national or multilateral fisheries management measures and industry initiatives that may help to conserve sea turtles by reducing the negative impacts that fisheries may have on them. They present our best understanding of how to reduce the proportion of caught turtles that are killed as a result of interactions with marine capture fisheries. These guidelines include information about how to change fishing gear and fishing methods and how the fishing industry can adopt voluntary approaches to reduce sea turtle mortality.--Publisher's description.
Exposure assessment of animals to sediments contaminated by pulp and paper mills
Rainforest animals
Coral reefs
Acute and chronic effects of carbon nanoparticles fullerenes(C60) on aquatic invertebrate Chironomus riparius
Guidelines to reduce sea turtle mortality in fishing operations
Reports of the Princeton University expeditions to Patagonia, 1896-1899. Vol. 3, Zoölogy : part 1, mammalia of southern Patagonia
Activated carbon amendments for sediment remediation : reduction of aquatic and biota concentrations of PCBs, and secondary effects on Lumbriculus variegatus and Chironomus riparius
Increased number of observations and notes of offspring production in the invasive orb-web spider Argiope bruennichi (Scopoli, 1772) (Araneae; Araneidae) in Finland
Wrack fauna of Sweden and Finland : ecology and chorology
Sedge moths of Taiwan
Mangora acalypha new to Finland, with notes on other araneid species spreading northwards (Araneae, Araneidae)
The ichneumons of Great Britain : a descriptive account of the families, genera and species indigenous to the British Islands, together with notes as to classification, localities, habitats, hosts, etc.. Cryptinae
Australian wildlife : a visitor's guide
Kansanluonto = the nature of Finland
Environmental issues facing Tibetan pastoral communities
Catalogue of the Lepidoptera of Norway. Part 3, Geometrae, Arctiina, Zygaenina, Psychina, Cossina and Jugatae
Detecting Seasonal Changes in Benthic Fauna Composition Between Hanko and Tammisaari in the Baltic Sea
Effects of organic material on the bioavailability, toxicokinetics and toxicity of xenobiotics in freshwater organisms
Angry Birds playground : rainforest
The mammals of South West Africa : a biological account of the forms occurring in that region
The Fauna of British India including Ceylon and Burma : published under the authority of the secretary of state for India in council. Diptera Brachycera, Vol. 1
A checklist of the birds of the Tambopata reserved zone
Woodland
Reports of the Princeton University expeditions to Patagonia, 1896-1899. Vol. 3, Zoology : part 5, non-marine Mollusca of Patagonia : part 6,  Crustacea of southern Patagonia : part 7, Hirudinea of southern Patagonia
Benthic macroinvertebrate and bryophyte assemblages in boreal springs : diversity, spatial patterns and conservation
A buzz in the meadow
Fifteen years ago the cave spider Meta menardi (Latreille, 1804) was known in Finland in two locations only. Partly due to extensive search it is to date known from 20 sites, all however located in the south-westernmost parts of the country. M. menardi is known to prefer stable and relatively warm subterranean habitats. Our temperature data from a cave on the Åland Islands in Finland indicates that the populations of M. menardi on the northern limit of its distribution could be more cold tolerant than the previously studied populations in Central Europe. In this paper all known locations in Finland are mapped and presented in a table with habitat data. A note on the strategy for catching mosquitoes with the orb web is given and the possible importance of the prey-catching function of the orb web is briefly discussed..
Landsnails of the genus Humboldtiana from northern Mexico (Gastropoda, Pulmonata, Helicoidea, Humboldtianidae)
The eye of the elephant : an epic adventure in the African wilderness
Field notes from a hidden city
Evolutionary and conservation biology of the Finnish house sparrow
The oceans : a celebration
Creatures of the deep : in search of the sea's "monsters" and the world they live in
The reef aquarium
The brackish-water fauna of northwestern Europa : an identification guide to brackish-water habitats, ecology and macrofauna for field workers, naturalists and students
Journey to Mauritius
Incredible creatures
Conservation genetics of endemic Indirana frogs of the Western Ghats biodiversity hotspot
Biodiversity profile of the middhills physiographic zone
A field guide to the insects of Britain and Northern Europe
African wildlife
Pocket guide wildlife of Britain and Europe
Rainforests
Butterflies of Cyprus 1998 : (records of a yearś sightings)
Introduction to the study of animal populations
New eleutherodactyline frogs (Leptodactylidae: Pristimantis, Phrynopus) from Peru
Canary Islands. II : Tenerife and La Comera, Spain
Geography has a long tradition in studies of geographical distribution of flora and fauna. Detailed mappings of the distributions of biota over wide regions can produce highly valuable biogeographical data, but are extremely laborious. These challenges in biogeographical mapping, as well as the need for mitigation tools for the adverse impacts of human disturbance on the landscape and biodiversity, have stimulated the development of new approaches for assessing biogeographical patterns. Particularly, the ability to model distribution patterns of organisms and habitat types has recently increased along with the theoretical and methodological development of biogeography and spatial ecology, and modern spatial techniques and extensive data sets (provided e.g., by earth observation techniques). However, geographical data have characteristics which produce statistical problems and uncertainties in these modelling studies: 1) the data are almost always multivariate and intercorrelated, 2) the data are often spatially autocorrelated, and 3) biogeographical distribution patterns are affected by different factors operating on different spatial and temporal scales. Especially remote sensing and geographic information data provide powerful means for studies of environmental change, but also include pitfalls and may generate biased results. Quantitative analysis and modelling with correct and strict use of spatial statistics should also receive more attention. The issues discussed in this paper can have relevance in several fields of application of geographical data.
The underwater explorer
Environmental drivers of lake profundal macroinvertebrate community variation : implications for bioassessment
Reports of the Princeton University expeditions to Patagonia, 1896-1899. Vol. 2, Ornithology : part 5, Psittacidæ-Icteridæ
Dingo Dog and the billabong storm
A catalogue of the moths of India. Part 1-7, Sphinges. Bombyces. Noctues, Pseudo-Deltoides, and Deltoides. Geometrites. Crambites, Tortrices, and addenda. Index, &c
"This book represents the Proceedings of the 37th European Marine Biology Symposium, held in Reykjavík, Iceland, 5-9 August 2002. The main themes of the symposium were Migrations and Dispersal of Marine Organisms. These themes are highly relevant today. There is widespread man-aided dispersal (e.g. by ballast water) of marine plants and animals, which may have substantial effects on the regions receiving new species. The new introductions may result in reduced diversity of plants and animals and may affect natural resources in the countries receiving toxic algae and other foreign elements. Studies of changes in distribution and dispersal of marine animals and plants are also highly relevant with reference to the changing climate taking place. The study of dispersal has recently gained new impetus with the discovery of the remarkable communities found on isolated hydrothermal vents and cold water seeps in the world's oceans." -- (julkaisija)
Travel guide to Tibet of China
Come on an amazing journey around the world, seeking out the weirdest and most wonderful animals! From the heights of the Himalayas to the deepest depths of the Pacific ocean, explore these 21 exciting places and meet the animals who live in them. Visit the jungle caves of Borneo, the Australian outback, the Arctic ice floes and many, many more!
The Usborne encyclopedia of planet Earth
The genus Cricotopus v.d.Wulp (Dipt., Chironomidae) in the running waters of the Sompio area, northern Finland
The history of the European fauna
Walker's mammals of the world. Vol. 2
Reports of the Princeton University expeditions to Patagonia, 1896-1899. Vol. 2, Ornithology : part 3, Charadriidæ-Anatidæ
Further study of the garter snake, Thamnophis sirtalis, in northeastern Kansas
Mammals of Liberia
Antarctica / A lonely planet travel survival kit
Monograph of shallow-water Indo-West Pacific echinoderms
The lives of desert animals in Joshua Tree National Monument
1988 IUCN red list of threatened animals
Management plan for the Finnish seal populations in the Baltic Sea
The birds of Liberia
The hospitable desert
Biodiversity profile of the Terai and Siwalik physiograhic zones
Walker's mammals of the world
Rspb children's guide to nature watching
Rainforest
Bush school : getting to know South Africa's wildlife
Growth and population structure of perch in relation to diet in a small humic lake, Valkea-Kotinen
Descriptions of several European and North-African spiders
Anacroneuria of Peru and Bolivia (Plecoptera: Perlidae) = Rod Anacroneuria Peruja in Bolivije (Plecoptera: Perlidae)
The wildlife of Severnaya Zemlya
Yellowstone : a journey through America's wild heart
New species of lizards, genus Stenocercus (Iguania: Tropiduridae), from western Ecuador and Peru
Community structure of macroinvertebrates, bryophytes and fish in boreal streams : patterns from local to regional scales, with conservation implications
Entomology of Antarctica
The Galapagos Islands
Contributions to studies of West African butterflies
The relationship between genetic diversity of an annelid worm, Pygospio elegans, and local invertebrate species diversity
Spatial and temporal variability of macroinvertebrate assemblages in boreal streams : implications for conservation and bioassessment
Nisäkäshavaintoja Lounais-Hämeestä 1990-luvulla = Observations on mammals in South-West Häme in the 1990`s
Forests of Central Africa : nature and man
First animal encyclopedia : polar animals
Vegetation and Fauna of Tisza River Basin I
The endangered Saimaa ringed seal in a changing climate : challenges for conservation and monitoring
Enchanting Australia
Southern African wildlife : a visitor's guide
The Pacific : Hawai'i and Alaska
Evolution's wedge : competition and the origins of diversity
Reef fishes & corals : east coast of southern Africa
Records and descriptions of Anacroneuria from Ecuador (Plecoptera: Perlidae)
Recent developments in spatial methods and data in biogeographical distribution modelling - advantages and pitfalls
Two specimens of Mangora acalypha (Walckenaer, 1802) were found in a rich pine fen in Hammarland on the Åland Islands in 2015. The possible connection of global climate change with five recently (within the last 15 years) recorded araneid species as new to Finland is discussed. These are, in addition to M. acalypha, Agalenatea redii (Scopoli, 1763), Argiope bruennichi (Scopoli, 1772), Larinioides sclopetarius (Clerck, 1757), Neoscona adianta (Walckenaer, 1802).
Natural history of Victoria : Prodromus of the zoology of Victoria; or figures and descriptions of the living species of all classes of the Victorian indigenous animals. Decade 16-20
Ecology of East Africa 4 : study tour to Tanzania in December 1997 : student reports
Arctic : around the clock with the animals of the Arctic
Mammals of Madagascar
I wonder why whales sing and other questions about sea life
The atlas of Slovenian bats (Chiroptera) = Atlas netopirjev Slovenije (Chiroptera)
An account of the alcyonarians collected by the Royal Indian Marine Survey ship Investigator in the Indian Ocean. 2, The alcyonarians of the littoral area
Migrations and dispersal of marine organisms : proceedings of the 37th European Marine Biology Symposium held in Reykjavik, Iceland, 5-9 August 2002
Conservation area series
Monographs of the Upper Silesian Museum
The zoology of the Faroes. Vol. 2, Part 1: (Crustacea, Myriopoda, Insecta 1)
Survival at 40 below
Field guide to protected areas in the Barents region
Cave life
See under the sea
The pocket guide to insects of the northern hemisphere
The intertidal seashore of Iceland and its animal communities
Spatial variation of benthic macroinvertebrate biodiversity in boreal streams : biogeographic context and conservation implications
A bilingual handbook on Japanese culture
A survey of Rotatoria from Finland
The cave spider Meta menardi (Araneae, Tetragnathidae) - occurrence in Finland and notes on its biology
The art of diving and adventure in the underwater world
Wildlife of East Africa
The Galápagos : a natural history
Additional reports
Spatial and temporal variability of freshwater biodiversity in natural and modified forested landscapes
Spiders from the Virgin Islands
Fauna of Orissa
Fishes of Australia : a popular and systematic guide to the study of the wealth within our waters
Bee fauna of Slovenia : checklist of species (Hymenoptera: Apoidea) = Favna čebel slovenije : seznam vrst (Hymenoptera: Apoidea)
Tropical rain forests : an ecological and biogeographical comparison
The Gulf Coast : where land meets sea
Geologica : earth's dynamic forces : geological time, supercontinents, climate, landforms, animals, plants
Art of nature : three centuries of natural history art from around the world
Swamp life
Insect Taxonomy Research Department publication
Secrets of the seas : a journey into the heart of the oceans
Birds of Washington State
Soil animal communities of planted birch stands in central Finland
Assessment of the status of the zoobenthos in the coastal waters of western Uusimaa, S Finland – a tool for management
The crinoids of the Indian Ocean
Vegetation and Fauna of Tisza River Basin II
An account of the alcyonarians collected by the Royal Indian Marine Survey ship Investigator in the Indian Ocean. 1, The alcyonarians of the deep sea
Coleoptera from Southeast Asia. 8
A handbook of Scotland's coasts
Jalla : bulletin of the Finnish Expert group on Hemiptera
Guide to the reptiles, amphibians and fresh-water fishes of Florida
Anthropogenic changes in Finnish lakes during the past 150 years inferred from benthic invertebrates and their sedimentary remains
Vegetation and Fauna of Tisza River Basin. 1
Tertiarty vertebrate faunas of the north Coalinga region of California : A contribution to the study of palaeontologic correlation in the Great Basin and Pacific Coast provinces
Blue mussel beds as biodiversity hotspots on the rocky shores of the northern Baltic Sea
Reports of the Princeton University expeditions to Patagonia, 1896-1899. Vol. 2, Ornithology : part 1, Rheidæ-Spheniscidæ
Variation in developmental mode and its effects on divergence and maintenance of populations
The concise animal encyclopedia
Ocean : the world's last wilderness revealed
The pocket guide to insects of the Northern hemisphere
Boreal peatland ecosystems
Red Sea reef guide : Egypt, Israel, Jordan, Sudan, Saudi Arabia, Yemen, Arabian Peninsula (Oman, UAE, Bahrain) : Over 1,000 photographs of coral reef animals taken in their natural habitat
Madagascar wildlife : a visitor's guide
Top dive sites of the Caribbean
Surtsey, Iceland : the development of a new fauna, 1963-1970 : terrestrial invertebrates
Myodocopid Ostracoda (Halocypridina, Cladocopina) from anchialine caves in the Bahamas, Canary Islands, and Mexico
Responses of brown trout and benthic invertebrates to catchment-scale disturbance and in-stream restoration measures in boreal river systems
The complete guide to Antarctic wildlife : birds and marine mammals of the Antarctic continent and the Southern Ocean
Biodiversity profile of the high mountains and high himal psysiographic zones
Water quality assessments : a guide to the use of biota, sediments and water in environmental monitoring
Linking demography with dispersal and habitat selection for species conservation
The zoology of Iceland
Endangered : wildlife on the brink of extinction
Ecological impacts of invasive signal crayfish in large boreal lakes
Patterns in diversity and assemblages of lake littoral macroinvertebrates in relation to abiotic and biotic factors
PAHs: comparative biotransformation and trophic transfer of their metabolites in the aquatic environment : fate of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in aquatic experiments
Guide to mountains
The feeding habits of Pseudomurmine and other ants
Important transboundary Belarusian-Lithuanian and Lithuanian-Russian wetlands
The ecozones of the world : the ecological divisions of the geosphere
Reports of the Princeton University expeditions to Patagonia, 1896-1899. Vol. 3, Zoölogy : part 4, catalogue of the fresh-water fishes of tropical and south temperate America
A catalogue of British Hemiptera; Heteroptera and Homoptera (Cicadaria and Phytophthires)
Cool waters Emerald seas : diving in temperate waters
Where do camels belong? : the story and science of invasive species
The amazing animal adventure : An around-the-world spotting expedition
1000 questions & answers about Australian wildlife : [marine life, insects & spiders, frogs & reptiles, birds, mammals]
Prior to 2005, the orb-web spider Argiope bruennichi (Scopoli, 1772) was unknown in the Finnish spider fauna. In 2005-2010, four specimens in three localities were found by laymen. In 2011, 13 specimens were observed in various parts of southern Finland. The sample sites are separated by long distances suggesting that A .bruennichi specimens are spread by anemochory, i.e. by ballooning. All the individuals were females. Two cocoons (egg sacks) constructed by one of the two females reared in captivity and one cocoon constructed outdoors by another female yielded live offspring....
A list is provided of 337 rotifer species reported from Finland, with references to the records.
Island colonization : the origin and development of island communities
Birds of Andaman & Nicobar Islands
Trophic ecology of meiofauna : response to sedimentation of phytoplankton blooms in the Baltic Sea
House guests house pests : a natural history of animals in the home
