http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2023 animals
animals
Designing and creating a cottage garden : how to cultivate a garden full of flowers, herbs, trees, fruit, vegetables and livestock, with 500 inspirational photographs
Let's look at animals
The world of animal life
Dexmedetomidine and MK-467, a peripherally acting α2-adrenoceptor antagonist, in dogs
Stories for 3 year olds
The number of accessions amounted to 895 vertebrates, 49,855 insects, and 9,714 samples of other invertebrates. The systematic groups represented are listed below and some noteworthy records for Finland are reported. Bembidion obtusum Serv. and Polydrusus formosus (Mayer) (Insecta: Coleoptera), Culicoides dewulfi (Goetgh.) (Insecta: Diptera), and Thanatus arcticus Thorell and Palliduphantes insignis (O. P.-Cambr.) (Araneida) are reported as new to Finland..
Into the wild
The magnificent book of animals
Effect of micronutrients on tailchasin in dogs
The Development of Animal Welfare in Finland and How People Perceive Animal Welfare : Case Study: Animals in Tourism: Zoos
Equine reproduction and stud medicine : self-assessment colour review
Drops of life
Summary: Elimination of Salmonella infection in cattle cold loose housing.
Richard Scarry's The rooster struts
Are we smart enough to know how smart animals are?
Interspecific interactions and selection on secondary sexual characters in damselflies
An introduction to behavioural ecology
Zahrah the windseeker
Insulin resistance and laminitis in horses
Imagining extinction
Farm sanctuary : changing hearts and minds about animals and food
The animals of Farthing Wood omnibus : In the grip of winter, Fox's feud, The fox cub bold
Illustrated encyclopedia of cryptozoology: the creation process
A population of pool frogs (Pelophylax lessonae) has been discovered in the municipality of Kaarina, southwestern Finland. The species had not previously been recorded from Finland. The frogs show the external characteristics of the northern clade of the species, which suggests that they are of different origin than the allochthonous edible frogs (Pelophylax kl. esculentus) that are also present in southwestern Finland..
Dirty beasts
Chick challenge
On stylopisation of Araenopids
Accessions to the Zoological Museum of the Finnish Museum of Natural History, University of Helsinki, in 2014.
How do penguins play?
Recognition and social behaviour in Formica ants
The penguin in lost property
Croc gets a shock
Accessions to the Zoological Museum of the Finnish Museum of Natural History, University of Helsinki in 2009.
Recent developments in spatial methods and data in biogeographical distribution modelling - advantages and pitfalls
Rising storm
Vaellussanasto = Hiker's dictionary = Wander-Wörterbuch
The welfare of sheep
The emissary
Bush babies
Horrid Henry's crazy creatures
The night of the unicorn
GATA factors regulate inner ear development and midbrain neurogenesis
A dangerous path
Disney's animal stories
The number of accessions in 2013 amounted to 1842 vertebrate specimens, 27,9827 insects and 4,889 samples of other invertebrates. The systematic groups represented are listed below..
Functional diversity in agricultural field margins
Many questions in animal biology require the ability to track animal movement by using multi-disciplinary and technological innovations. Over the past decade, intrinsic chemical markers have become especially key in the study of migration. Stable isotopes are a successful example of instrinic markers that have yielded new and valuable insights into animal migration. This book provides a consolidated overview of the current knowlesge of stable isotopes in terrestrial migration research questions, and to provide a practical handbook for those considering using stable isotopes in their migration research. * Presents information for readers to understand how to apply isotopic methods for tracking * Critical information on areas for future research * Practical guidelines and discussions of sample collection, sample preparation, isotope-ratio mass spectrometry data analysis, and issues of isotopic exchange and heterogeneity * Enhanced understanding of data and statistical analysis in isotope-based studies of migratory animals
Barsk : the elephants' graveyard
The plague dogs
Understanding McDonald's Among the "World’s Most Ethical Companies"
Abstract: Cowboy masculinities in human-animal relations on a cattle ranch.
Public reactions to xenotransplantation
Creaturepedia : welcome to the greatest show on Earth
Veterinary necropsy procedures
Norwegian farm animals get healthier : they said we couldn't do it - we did it! : Norway cut the use of antibiotics by 23%
Somali children's stories : sheekoy sheeko sheeko xariirah = stories stories intriguing stories
Culture of Animal Cells : A Manual of Basic Technique and Specialized Applications
The four bears finally reach Toklo's home in the mountains, but it has come at a price--Yakone is ill and may not survive and Lusa might need to leave her friends behind to discover her own purpose.
"ION contains the organism names related data gathered from the scientific literature for Thomson Reuters' Zoological Record database. Viruses, bacteria and plant names will be added from other Thomson Reuters databases such as BIOSIS Previews."--Kotisivu.
Animals of Africa & Europe : a visual encyclopedia of amphibians, reptiles and mammals in the African and European continents, with over 350 illustrations and photographs
Transdisciplinary wildlife management : the XVI Nordic Congress of Wildlife Research, Arctic Centre, Rovaniemi, Finland, May 31-June 3, 2016 : Abstracts
Guess who's hiding! : a flip-the-flap rhyme book
Effect of supplemental vitamin E on the performance of growing-finishing pigs fed stored versus freshly harvested barley and on the storage stability and eating quality of frozen pork
Pool frog (Pelophylax lessonae) Camerano 1882 (Anura, Ranidae), an addition to the Finnish amphibian fauna
Con Ho va con Coc : chuyen co-tich Viet-nam = The tiger & the frog : a Vietnamese folktale
Watership Down
Animals, disease and human sosiety
The Melting Sea
Influence of pre partum and post partum plane of nutrition on the performance of crossbred suckler cows and their progeny
At the mouth of the river of bees : stories
The Kingfisher book of classic animal stories
Animal architects
Catwatching
Since the publication of the sixth edition of this benchmark text, numerous advances in the field have been made - particularly in stem cells, 3D culture, scale-up, STR profiling, and culture of specialized cells. "Culture of Animal Cells: A Manual of Basic Technique and Specialized Applications, Seventh Edition" is the updated version of this benchmark text, addressing these recent developments in the field as well as the basic skills and protocols.     This eagerly awaited edition reviews the increasing diversity of the applications of cell culture and the proliferation of specialized techniques, and provides an introduction to new subtopics in mini-reviews. New features also include a new chapter on cell line authentication with a review of the major issues and appropriate protocols including DNA profiling and barcoding, as well as some new specialized protocols. Because of the continuing expansion of cell culture, and to keep the bulk of the book to a reasonable size, some specialized protocols are presented as supplementary material online. "Culture of Animal Cells: A Manual of Basic Technique and Specialized Applications, Seventh Edition" provides the most accessible and comprehensive introduction available to the culture and experimental manipulation of animal cells. This text is an indispensable resource for those in or entering the field, including academic research scientists, clinical and biopharmaceutical researchers, undergraduate and graduate students, cell and molecular biology and genetics lab managers, trainees and technicians.
1111 Amazing facts about animals
Forest of secrets
The jungle book
Home range and movements of the Saimaa ringed seal (Phoca hispida saimensis Nordq.)
Look out, Bird!
Larger than life : a novella
Animal record breakers
The effect of acupuncutre on chronic pain in dogs suffering from hip dysplasia and osteoarthritis : subjective assessments
Taxonomy, distribution, biology and conservation status of Finnish Auchenorrhyncha (Hemiptera: Fulgoromorpha et Cicadomorpha)
Call of Nature : the secret life of dung
How animals move : the Royal Institution Christmas Lectures 1951
The number of accessions in 2012 amounted to 960 vertebrate specimens, 13,272 insects, and 3,105 samples of other invertebrates. The systematic groups represented are listed below and noteworthy faunistic records are reported..
Index to organism names : (ION)
Living Witnesses : Animal Evolution from Pre-history to Today
How to paint and draw animals
A day at the Yorktown Animal Hospital
The hallowed hunt : a novel
Accessions to the Zoological Museum of the Finnish Museum of Natural History, University of Helsinki, in 2013.
Ideology or business : meanings of farm animal welfare in the Finnish Association for Organic Farming
On a starry night : an enchanting collection of animal tales
The Jungle Book
The welfare of pigs
The Kingfisher treasury of animal stories
Fun facts and silly stories
Bulletin of the Museum of Comparative Zoology
Illustrated encyclopedia of cryptozoology : the creation process
The number of accessions in 2013 amounted to 1,577 vertebrate specimens, 23,820 insects, and 2,931 samples of other invertebrates. The systematic groups represented are listed below.
Salmonella infections acquired abroad and detected in Finland, 1995-2009
Studying habitat use and behavior of moose (Alces alces) by integrating airborne laser scanning and GPS tracking
Accessions to the Zoological Museum of the Finnish Museum of Natural History, University of Helsinki in 2008.
Son of a witch : a novel
Stop bugging me! : diversity in appearance of warning coloration
Smithsonian contributions to zoology
Animals to the shore - yes or no? : a guide to sustainable grazing on shore
Fowl play
The handicap principle : a missing piece of Darwin's puzzle
Digital nature photography and Adobe Photoshop
A great success : the first meeting of the Nordic Veterinary Management association
It's my world too : discover endangered animals and their habitats
Holy cow : a modern-day dairy tale
The annual general meeting of the Federation of Veterinarians of Europe held in Lisbon on 28-29 May 1998.
Forest of the wolves
Hip ideas for hyper dogs
The gap : the science of what separates us from other animals
The Tail
Functional autoradiography as a pharmacological approach for studying G protein-coupled lipid receptor signalling
Sharks and other deadly ocean creatures : visual encyclopedia
High in the clouds
Curious explorer's illustrated guide to exotic animals A To Z
Fire and ice
Fantastic beasts and where to find them : the original screenplay
The carnival of the animals : poems inspired by Saint-Saen̈s' music
Do unto animals : a friendly guide to how animals live, and how we can make their lives better
A tale of tails
Baby animals
Animals : facts at your fingertips
The cat behavior answer book : practical insights & proven solutions for your feline questions
Animal welfare in Finland : a national report on animal welfare
Effect of anionic salts in concentrate mixture and calcium intake on some blood and urine minerals, acid-base balance and feed intake of dry pregnant cows on grass silage based feeding
Animal farm and 1984
The calling
Effect of anionic salts in concentrate mixture on some blood and urine minerals, acid-base balance and feed intake of dry pregnant cows on grass silage based feeding with high calcium intake
12 super-gigantic animals you need to know
Mass loss of epiphytic lichen litter in a boreal forest
Suomen rengastusatlas = The Finnish bird ringing atlas. II
Ravens call
Accessions to the Zoological Museum of the Finnish Museum of Natural History, University of Helsinki, in 2012.
A founder of an organization dedicated to promoting the compassionate treatment of animals and combating factory farming addresses the ethics of breeding animals for food, exposing inhumane practices utilized by typical food-production companies.
The fox gate and other stories
The polecat cafe
Neonatal survival and growth : Proceedings of a syposium organized by The British Society of Animal Production and held at Leeds in July 1991
Zoology in the Middle East
Horrid Henry's animals
Franklin and Harriet
Amazing animal facts
Restraint and handling of wild and domestic animals
The butterfly's ball, and the grasshopper's feast
Madagascar. 3 : the novel
Living with the animals
Accessions to the Zoological Museum of the Finnish Museum of Natural History, University of Helsinki, in 2010.
My little animal book
Evaluating Seychelles magpie robin habitat quality for making translocation decisions
Engineered nanoparticles : effects in mouse respiratory tract and occupational exposure during flame spray process
Veterinary Ireland journal
The Bippolo seed and other lost stories
Effect of anionic salts in concentrate mixture and magnesium intake on some blood and urine minerals and acid-base balance of dry pregnant cows on grass silage based feeding
Giant treasury of Beatrix Potter
The endangered Saimaa ringed seal in a changing climate : challenges for conservation and monitoring
Toklo, Kallik, Lusa, and Yakone trek onward toward the Melting Sea, the site of Kallik's traumatic cubhood--and prepare to be separated for the first time since their journey began
Geography has a long tradition in studies of geographical distribution of flora and fauna. Detailed mappings of the distributions of biota over wide regions can produce highly valuable biogeographical data, but are extremely laborious. These challenges in biogeographical mapping, as well as the need for mitigation tools for the adverse impacts of human disturbance on the landscape and biodiversity, have stimulated the development of new approaches for assessing biogeographical patterns. Particularly, the ability to model distribution patterns of organisms and habitat types has recently increased along with the theoretical and methodological development of biogeography and spatial ecology, and modern spatial techniques and extensive data sets (provided e.g., by earth observation techniques). However, geographical data have characteristics which produce statistical problems and uncertainties in these modelling studies: 1) the data are almost always multivariate and intercorrelated, 2) the data are often spatially autocorrelated, and 3) biogeographical distribution patterns are affected by different factors operating on different spatial and temporal scales. Especially remote sensing and geographic information data provide powerful means for studies of environmental change, but also include pitfalls and may generate biased results. Quantitative analysis and modelling with correct and strict use of spatial statistics should also receive more attention. The issues discussed in this paper can have relevance in several fields of application of geographical data.
Management plan for the wild forest reindeer population in Finland
I am not a copycat! : featuring Hugo and Bella
My friends = Mis amigos
A book of kisses
Senescence ecology : aging in a natural population of wild brown mouse lemurs (Microcebus rufus)
Do you know about animals?
Art nouveau animal designs and patterns
Synergistic activation of salmon cardiac function by endothelin and -adrenergic stimulation
The number of accessions amounted to 633 vertebrates, 108,716 insects and 11,241 samples of other invertebrates. The systematic groups represented are listed, and some noteworthy finds are recorded. Scophthalmus rhombus (L.) (Pisces) and Elachista deriventa Kaila & Mukkala (Insecta, Lepidoptera) are reported as new to Finland..
Animal cytology and evolution
The number of accessions in 2010 amounted to 652 vertebrate specimens, some 36,600 insects, and 11,231 samples of other invertebrates. The systematic groups represented are listed below and some noteworthy records for Finland are reported..
Abstract (kuvailulehti): Taxonomy, distribution, biology and conservation status of Finnish Auchenorrhyncha (Hemiptera: Fulgoromorpha et Cicadomorpha).
A mouse model for improving cell survival of bisected cattle embryos
We are currently facing the sixth mass extinction of species in the history of life on Earth, biologists claim the first one caused by humans. Activists, filmmakers, writers, and artists are seeking to bring the crisis to the public's attention through stories and images that use the strategies of elegy, tragedy, epic, and even comedy. Imagining Extinction is the first book to examine the cultural frameworks shaping these narratives and images. Ursula K. Heise argues that understanding these stories and symbols is indispensable for any effective advocacy on behalf of endangered species. More than that, she shows how biodiversity conservation, even and especially in its scientific and legal dimensions, is shaped by cultural assumptions about what is valuable in nature and what is not. These assumptions are hardwired into even seemingly neutral tools such as biodiversity databases and laws for the protection of endangered species. Heise shows that the conflicts and convergences of biodiversity conservation with animal welfare advocacy, environmental justice, and discussions about the Anthropocene open up a new vision of multispecies justice. Ultimately, Imagining Extinction demonstrates that biodiversity, endangered species, and extinction are not only scientific questions but issues of histories, cultures, and values.
Where is home, Little Pip?
Stories for 2 year olds
Functional Anatomy and Physiology of Domestic Animals
Extraordinary animals
Walt Disney's comics
Summary.
12 super-fast animals you need to know
The Puffin book of five-minute animal stories
Cowboy masculinities in human-animal relations on a cattle ranch
"Journey through the digestive systems of humans, farm and wild animals, and meet some of nature’s ultimate recyclers as they eat, breed in and compete for dung. The fall of bodily waste onto the ground is the start of a race against the clock as a multitude of dung-feeders and scavengers consume this rich food source. From the enigmatic dung-rolling beetles to bat guano and giant elephant droppings, dung creates a miniature ecosystem to be explored by the aspiring dung watcher. The author completes the book with an identification guide to dung itself, so that you can identify the animal that left it behind. Pellets or pats? Scats, spraints, frass, guano, spoor – learn your way around different species’ droppings. There’s also a dung-feeder’s identification guide that includes the species you’re most likely to encounter on an exploration of the dung heap."
Effects of interspecific relationships in forested landscapes on breeding success in Eurasian treecreeper
Veterinary and animal ethics : proceedings of the fist international conference on veterinary animal ethics, September 2011
"A humorous allegory in the spirit of Animal Farm"-- Provided by publisher
Global Journal of Animal Law
Accessions to the Zoological Museum of the Finnish Museum of Natural History, University of Helsinki/Helsingfors in 1997.
Personality traits in the blue tit
Ethics of animal use
My first book of animals
Effects of litter and cage furniture on mouse anxiety-like behaviour
Animals up close : zoom in on the world's most incredible creatures
King Solomon's ring : new light on animal ways
Condition-dependence of male sexual signalling in the drumming wolf spider Hygrolycosa rubrofasciata
Weird animals
Animal life : [the definite visual guide to animals and their behaviour]
The darkest hour
Animal behaviour : evolution and mechanisms
Stories for three-year-olds
Underwater farmyard
Island of shadows
Wild animals of the North
The rising
Tracking animal migration with stable isotopes
