http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20293 silage
silage
Amino acid supply and metabolism in relation to lactational performance of dairy cows fed grass silage based diets
Comparison of part-time grazing and indoor silage feeding on milk production
Formic acid treated whole crop barley and wheat silages in dairy cow diets : effects of crop maturity, proportion in the diet, and level and type of concentrate supplementation
Developments in silage 1986 : proceedings of a seminar held at Cannock, Staffordshire 19 February 1986
Because of the climatic conditions, the Finnish milk production research has focused to improve the utilisation of grassland, mainly as conserved forages. The main research areas have been ensiling, evaluation of the forage feeding value, predicting nutrient supply from grass silage-based diet and the effects of forage quality and concentrate supplementation on milk production responses. Due to changes in ensiling technologies and variety of forage crops new silage additives have been adopted. A centralized system for the analysis of forage energy value is based on NIRS calibration. It was calibrated against in vitro pepsin-cellulase solubility method that was validated against in vivo digestibility. The concentration of indigestible neutral detergent fibre was found to be a useful parameter both in empirical models predicting forage digestibility and mechanistic rumen models predicting the amounts of absorbed nutrients. Models predicting relative intake potential of forages and total diet were developed, and an intake model combining animal and diet effects independently of each other was developed. Using meta-analysis approaches a nutrient response model was developed for dairy cows for milk, energy corrected milk and protein yield.  Feed evaluation, intake and nutrient response models form now the basis of practical Finnish ration formulation system that can optimize diets according to maximum income over feed cost in addition to minimum feed cost.
Methods of preventing growth of Clostridium tyrobutyricum and yeasts in silage
Beef production from silage and other conserved forages
Tactical decisions of concentrate level, slaughter age and carcass weight of bulls of five beef breeds under Norwegian conditions
The role of yeasts an clostridia in silage deterioration : identification and ecology
Effects of and interactions between the extent of silage fermentation and protein and protein supplementation in lactating dairy cows
An experiment was conducted to compare a bunker silo sealing system comprising an oxygen barrier film (OB: 45μm thickness) with protective woven polypropylene with one comprising standard black polyethylene film (S; 125μm thickness) with protective tyres. Analysis of samples taken to 30 cm depth after 365 days of storage showed no differences in pH or lactic acid between the two sealing systems. There were no differences in aerobic bacterial count between silages. Whilst 2.56 log10 CFU moulds g-1 fresh weight were found in samples of silage sealed with S, no moulds were found in samples of silage sealed with OB. Aerobic stability, averaged 249 hours and 184 hours for OB and S, respectively. The OB system probably inhibited the development of the micro-organisms responsible for the initiation of aerobic deterioration to a greater extent than the standard silo sealing system.
Silage contains a number of potential hazards to the safety and quality of milk and dairy products. This paper reviews the present knowledge about silage as a source of (1) spores of anaerobic spore-formers (Clostridium species) and aerobic spore-formers (mainly Bacillus and Paenibacillus species), (2) the zoonotic pathogenic bacteria Listeria monocytogenes and Escherichia coli, and (3) mycotoxins. A distinction is made between field-derived mycotoxins, i.e. mycotoxins that are formed during growth of crops in the field, and ensilage-derived mycotoxins, i.e. mycotoxins that are formed after ensiling. The routes of transmission of these hazards from feed to milk, the effect of pasteurization of milk, and reduction strategies are discussed. Aerobic deterioration of silages is a major factor influencing levels of spores of both aerobic and anaerobic spore-formers, L. monocytogenes, and certain mycotoxins.
Prediction of silage composition and organic matter digestibility from herbage composition and pepsin-cellulase solubility
Effect of lactic acid bacteria inoculants, formic acid, potassium sorbate and sodium benzoate on fermentation quality and aerobic stability of wilted grass silage
Energy and protein nutrition of dairy cows during the dry period and early lactation : production performance and adaptation from pregnancy to lactation
Effects of restriction of silage fermentation with formic acid on milk production
An ensiling experiment was conducted to assess the possibility for increasing the selenium content in grass silage by using a selenium-enriched silage additive, and to determine possible changes in the form of selenium during ensiling. Prewilted and precision-chopped silage was prepared from the second cut of timothy - meadow fescue sward in southern Finland. The additive treatments (6 g kg-1) were: control without additive, water containing 50 mg sodium selenate kg-1, and formic acid-based additive containing 10, 50 or 500 mg sodium selenate kg-1. The selenium content of the control silage was low (0.069 mg kg-1 dry matter) whereas the selenium content of the other silages was in line with the dose level of selenium delivered in the additive. The added selenate was detected only as selenate in the silages. Addition of sodium selenate to silage additive provided a controlled way to add selenium to the diet of forage-fed animals.
In practice the only way to determine the bulk density of grass silage is to measure and weigh silage blocks. This study was carried out to compare this variant with four other measuring methods. "Big blocks" are inherently relatively heterogeneous and hence cannot be used for the fast, precise determination of density. "Small blocks" represent density well, but their handling makes them unsuitable for quick sampling. The three measuring methods - " drilling jig", "inclined drilling cylinder" and "vertical drilling cylinder" - gave comparable results. The "inclined drilling cylinder" was identified as the preferred variant on the basis of results and manageability.
Microbial protein synthesis, digestion and lactation responses of cows to grass or grass-red clover silage diet supplemented with barley or oats
Effect of anionic salts in concentrate mixture and magnesium intake on some blood and urine minerals and acid-base balance of dry pregnant cows on grass silage based feeding
Microbial status, aerobic stability and fermentation of maize silage sealed with an oxygen barrier film or standard polyethylene film
8th Silage conference 1987 : summary of papers
Silage fermentation in relation to the feeding value with special reference to enzyme-treated grass silage
An efficient feed management is important for a sustainable and economic agricultural production. One of the main points for improving the efficiency is the reduction of feed losses. In the present investigation the dry matter (DM) losses of grass, lucerne and maize silages in farm scaled bunker silos were analysed. The method of determining DM losses was the total-in versus total-out DM mass flow of the silos, including the determination of DM content and other silage parameters via manual sampling. The results taken from 48 silos showed on average for all investigated crops 9-12% of DM losses. Density and feed out rate showed a negative correlation to DM losses in maize silages. According to the applied method for determining DM losses on farm scale, a guideline of 8% can be suggested for maximum DM losses in bunker silos for grass and maize silages. The described method seems to be applicable for improving the feed management by using largely automated measurements on the harvest and feeding side.
Feeding value of low quality grass silage supplemented with maize silage for sheep
Organic matter, mineral and nitrogen losses from fresh grass silage during ensiling
The objectives of this experiment with Hereford (Hf) and Charolais (Ch) bulls offered grass silage-based diets were to determine the effects on performance, carcass traits and meat quality of the proportion of concentrate in the diet, and the inclusion of rapeseed meal (RSM) in the barley-based concentrate. The two concentrate proportions were 200 and 500 g kg-1 dry matter, fed without or with RSM. The Ch bulls tended to achieve higher gain, produced less fat, had a higher percentage of meat from high-priced joints and had a lower degree of marbling in their meat compared to the Hf bulls. Dry matter and energy intakes, growth performance and carcass conformation improved with increasing concentrate level. Intake parameters and conformation improved more with the Ch bulls than with the Hf bulls as a consequence of increased concentrate allowance. RSM had only limited effects on the performance, carcass traits or meat quality.
Septicaemic listeriosis in reindeer calves : a case report
Production and utilization of ensiled forages by beef cattle, dairy cows, pregnant ewes and finishing lambs : a review
Comparison of grass silage utilization by reindeer and sheep. 1. Palatability, feeding values and nutrient sypply
Changes in maize silage fermentation products during aerobic deterioration and effects on dry matter intake by goats
Proceedings of the ... International Silage Conference
Milk production from silage : comparison of grass, legume and maize silages and their mixtures
An epidemic of salmonellosis caused by silage containing salmonella at a dairy farm
Effects of concentrate level and rapeseed meal supplementation on performance, carcass characteristics, meat quality and valuable cuts of Hereford and Charolais bulls offered grass silage-barley-based rations
The objectives of the study with dairy bulls offered grass silage-based diet were to determine the effects on animal performance of (1) concentrate type (barley vs. commercial concentrate) and (2) supplementation of rapeseed meal (RSM) in barley-based concentrate, with data being compared from preweaning to slaughter. The experiment comprised a total of 37 Finnish Ayrshire and 23 Holstein-Friesian bulls. Experimental concentrate treatments were 1) rolled barley (B), 2) rolled barley + rapeseed meal (BRSM) and 3) commercial concentrate (CC). During the preweaning (from 0.5 to 2.5 months) there were no differences in intake, gain or feed conversion. During the postweaning (from 2.5 to 6.0 months) the energy intake and gain of the B bulls were 12-13% lower than those of the BRSM bulls (p < 0.05) and 16% lower than those of the CC bulls (p < 0.01). However, there were no treatment differences in the energy intake or gain of the bulls during the finishing period (from 6.0 to 18.0 months of age) or on average during the experiment. Furthermore, carcass traits of the bulls did not differ between treatments. It is concluded that production traits were unaffected by concentrate type or RSM supplementation when data is compared from preweaning to slaughter.
Selenium supplementation by addition of sodium selenate with silage additive
Silage production and utilisation : proceedings of the XIVth International Silage Conference, a satellite workshop of the XXth International Grassland Congress, July 2005, Belfast, Northern Ireland
World silage : a survey of forage conservation around the world
Development of near infrared (NIR) spectroscopy and electronic nose (EN) techniques to analyse the conservation quality of farm silages
Heterogeneity and hygienic quality of grass silage
Aerobic spoilage of silages occurs frequently and is undesirable because it reduces both its nutritive and hygienic quality. Silage inoculants containing heterofermentative lactic acid bacteria, like Lactobacillus buchneri, have already been proven to improve aerobic stability by augmented production of acetic acid, which inhibits yeasts. In this study, the effect of L. buchneri on fermentation characteristics and aerobic stability of alfalfa-ryegrass silage, red clover silage and maize silage was assessed using microsilos. Two dosages, 1×105 and 3×105 cfu g-1 of fresh matter, were compared to untreated control silage. Inoculation with L. buchneri clearly altered the fermentation characteristics of alfalfa-ryegrass and red clover silage, resulting in a significantly higher aerobic stability at both dosages. The effects of L. buchneri inoculation on maize silage were less clear, but nevertheless the aerobic stability of maize silage inoculated with 1×105 cfu g-1 of fresh matter was significantly higher compared to the untreated silage.
The effect of feeding red clover silage on phyto-oestrogen concentrations in serum and on fertility of ewes
In a Green Biorefinery processing green biomass one possible application for the press-cake fraction is as a feedstuff for ruminants. This study investigates the effects of ensiling and fractionation on the estimated nutritive value of three grassland species harvested at different stages of maturity. Perennial ryegrass (Lolium perenne L., var. Gandalf), cocksfoot (Dactylis glomerata L., var. Pizza) and red clover (Trifolium pratense L., var. Merviot) were grown in field plots and harvested and ensiled in laboratory silos. These silages were subsequently fractionated into press-cake and press-juice fractions. Loss of soluble, fermentable organic matter during ensiling increased the relative proportions of fibre and crude protein. Fractionation resulted in the substantial reduction of herbage soluble nutrient and mineral content, increasing the fibre content and reducing digestibility and crude protein. The low energy and protein content of the press-cake fraction, especially at later harvest dates, will limit its use in ruminant diets.
Silage and the safety and quality of dairy foods : a review
Phytoestrogen content of birdsfoot trefoil and red clover : effects of growth stage and ensiling method
Proceedings of the XVI International Silage Conference : Hämeenlinna, Finland, 2-4 July 2012
Forage can potentially be food resource for pig feeding in the tropics. The palatability of silages by pigs may be better than that of fresh forage. Foliage silage contains more dry matter than green forage and has a pleasant smell. Thirty commercial pigs (47.0 ± 4.7 kg live weight LW), were used to assess the silage intake capacity of pigs when feeding the legumes Clitoria ternatea, Centrosema brasilianum, Cratylia argentea and the Brachiaria grass hybrid Mulato II. The silages were offered ad libitum as a supplement to a normal balanced diet based on maize and soy bean meal. A crossover design was applied comprising five treatments, Control and the four silage supplements respectively. Daily consumption of dry matter -expressed in g of DMkg-1 metabolic LW- were similar (p>0.05) for diets containing C. argentea, C. ternatea and the Control. Daily consumption of C. brasilianum and Brachiaria was significantly lower (p<0.001). In conclusion, C. argentea and C. ternatea silages have the potential to serve as feed supplement in pig diets.
Quality of supplementary feed protein for growing cattle
An overview of silage research in Finland : from ensiling innovation to advances in dairy cow feeding
Concentration and estimated flow of soluble non-ammonia nitrogen entering the omasum of dairy cows as influenced by different protein supplements
Comparison of grass utilization by reindeer and sheep: 2 : rumen fermentation and rumen microbiota
Effects of physical treatment of barley and rapeseed meal in dairy cows given grass silage-based diets
Silage for milk production : proceedings of a Conference organised jointly with the Milk Marketing Board, held at Malvern, Worcestershire, 31 October and 1 November 1988
Lowland grasslands of Europe: utilization and development
Barley fibre and wet distillers' solubles in the diet of growing cattle
Chemical and microbiological changes occurring during aerobic exposure of maize silages and their influence on dry matter (DM) intake and preference by goats were evaluated. Eight maize silages differing in DM content, chopping length and compaction pressure were used for the study. After opening, silages were exposed to air for 8 days (d). In 2-d intervals, silage was stored anaerobically for use in preference trials. During the experimental phase, each possible two-way combination of the five silages (d0, d2, d4, d6 and d8) and one standard lucerne hay, was offered as free choice to six goats. Generally, a significant decline occurred in DM intake after 4 d of aerobic exposure. After 8 d, mean decrease in intake was 53% in comparison to the fresh silages. Preference when expressed as DM intake was negatively correlated to silage temperature (as difference to ambient), ethanol and ethyl lactate.
Effect of feeding red clover silage containing phyto-oestrogens on plasma progesterone and fertility of ewes
Failure of cellulolysis in the rumen of reindeer fed timothy silage
Silage extracts used to study the mode of action of silage inoculants in ruminants
Boron fertilisation of organically managed grass-clover swards on coarse-textured soils: effects on botanical and element composition
Concentrate feeding strategies for growing and finishing dairy bulls offered grass silage-based diets
Comparison of methods for determining the density of grass silage
Effects of outdoor winter housing and feeding level on performance and blood metabolites of suckler cows fed whole-crop barley silage
Development of tools for the nutritional management of dairy cows on silage-based diets
Silage quality : effect of fermentation on intake and nutrient utilisation by cattle = Surfôrkvalitet : effekt av gjæringsmønster på fôropptak og utnyttelse av næringsstoffer hos storfe
Technical change in Finnish grass silage production
The effect of diet on the meat quality of dairy bulls
The role of manure and enterobacteria in silage fermentation
Energy and protein sufficiency in finnish landrace ewes fed grass silage and hay at different phases of production
Feeding value of grass ensiled with absorbents assessed in growing lambs
Three trials were performed on two organic farms with dairy and suckler cows and using home-produced forage and feed crops, predominantly grass-clover ley, in order to determine whether boron (B) is a limiting factor for legumes on coarse-textured soils in an area predisposed to low B soil concentrations. The effects of B fertilisation (applied as sprayed liquid) on biomass yield, botanical composition and plant macro- and micronutrient concentrations relative to soil concentrations and livestock requirements were investigated. Boron fertilisation (i) did not affect any yield, (ii) increased the white clover percentage significantly in forage on one farm and (iii) increased B concentrations in plants and soil on both farms, and (iv) did not affect concentrations of other nutrients in forage on either farm. Thus, B was not an obvious limiting factor on these farms. Effects of management practices on interactions and   ratios between B, calcium (Ca), potassium (K), magnesium (Mg) and sodium (Na) and their implications are discussed.
Insulated, uninsulated and outdoor housing for replacement beef heifers on restricted grass silage-based diet in a cold environment
Mineral content in heavily nitrogen fertilized grass and its silage
Effects of barley grain compared to commercial concentrate or rapeseed meal supplementation on performance of growing dairy bulls offered grass silage-based diet
Influence of the timing of the harvest of primary grass growth on herbage quality and subsequent digestion and performance in the ruminant animal
The effect of ammonium ferric hexacyanoferrate on reducing radiocaesium transfer from grass silage to sheep
Lucerne and two maize crops were ensiled with and without Lactobacillus plantarum and fermented for 4 or 60 d to assess the effect of inoculant on in vitro rumen fermentation of the resulting silages. Water and 80% ethanol extracts of the silages were also analysed for effects on in vitro rumen fermentation. The inoculant affected lucerne silage characteristics but had little effect on the maize silages. In vitro fermentation of the silages showed few effects except increased microbial biomass yield (MBY) at 24 h in the inoculant-treated lucerne silages. In vitro fermentation of the lucerne silage water extracts produced no differences due to treatment except for reduced MBY in the inoculant-treated extracts. The ethanol extracts produced results inconsistent with the in vitro results of the silages. Consequently it appears that the factor in in vitro fermentation of inoculated silages causing increased MBY was in neither the water nor ethanol extracts.
Maize silage yield and quality response to starter phosphorus fertilizer in high phosphorus soils in New York
Effect of anionic salts in concentrate mixture and calcium intake on some blood and urine minerals, acid-base balance and feed intake of dry pregnant cows on grass silage based feeding
The aim of the present experiment was to study the effects of (1) digestibility of grass-red clover silage (GCS) and (2) concentrate protein concentration on the performance, eating quality and economy of Hereford bulls during a six months pre-slaughter period, and reared in cold indoor facilities. Thirtyone bulls with an initial live weight (LW) of 289 kg were selected for a 2 x 2 factorial design experiment consisting of two primary growth GCSs harvested at different maturities (in vitro digestible organic matter (OM) in dry matter (DM), D value: Early-cut, E, 750 g kg⁻¹ DM; Late-cut, L, 699 g kg⁻¹ DM) and two concentrate crude protein concentrations (Medium, M, 170 g kg⁻¹ DM; High, H, 210 g kg⁻¹ DM). The concentrate comprised milled barley and pelleted commercial protein compound and was offered daily on average 3.2 kg DM, including 0.45 and 1.13 kg of rapeseed cake in M and H, respectively. Grass-red clover silage was offered ad libitum. The target cold carcass weight was 330 kg.The proportion of concentrate of the total daily DM intake averaged 0.337 during the entire experiment. Treatments had no effect on the daily intake of GCS, total intake of DM, DM intake kg⁻¹ LW0.75 and metabolizable energy averaging 6.0 and 9.4 kg DM, 97.4 g and 109.4 MJ, respectively. The digestibility of dietary OM and neutral detergent fibre was lower (p < 0.05, 0.733 vs. 0.769 and 0.625 vs. 0.665) on diet L than on diet E. The animals on diet E tended to consume daily on average 1.29 kg less (p < 0.10) DM kg⁻¹ net weight gain than those on diet L. The time to achieve the target carcass weight was on average 18 days longer (p < 0.01) on diet L than on diet E. During the entire experiment the LW gain averaged 1795 and 1609 g d⁻¹ (p < 0.01) on diets E and L, respectively. The concentrate protein concentration did not affect animal performance. Treatments had no significant effect on the kill-out proportion, EUROP carcass conformation and carcass fat classification which averaged 537 g kg⁻¹, 6.5 and 3.6, respectively. The eating quality of the tested loins was good. Treatments had only a minor effect on the yield of valuable cuts. It is concluded that the digestibility of silage is important since the early-cut silage improved the growth rate and shortened the finishing period of bulls significantly compared with those fed late-cut silage. The lower yield and, thus, higher unit cost of early.cut silage may, however, invalidate its superiority compared with the late.cut silage. There was no benefit from using concentrate of high protein concentration.
Ensiling of forages : factors affecting silage fermentation and quality
The high rates of rumen fermentation, physical breakdown and passage rates from the rumen of legume silages lead to higher intakes than for grass silages of comparable digestibility. Although total tract digestibilities for legume silages and maize silages are often lower than for grass silages, milk yields are usually higher. A further benefit of legumes and maize is the reduced rate of decline in digestibility. Legume silages often lead to a reduction in milk fat concentration and increased levels of polyunsaturated fatty acids, 18:2 n-6 and 18:3 n-3. This latter effect is related to reduced rumen biohydrogenation as a consequence of increased rumen passage rates or the effects of polyphenol oxidase. There is quite a wide range of maturities (300 - 350 g kg-1 DM) that leads to maximum dry matter intakes and milk production from maize silage; milk production is reduced with immature or over-mature maize crops. Forage chop length exerts a number of effects, both in the silo and in the rumen, but effects on rumen function, feed intake and milk production have been inconsistent. The high protein content and high N degradability of most legume silages is associated with a low efficiency of converting dietary N into milk N, with a concomitant increase in urine N. Reducing N intake by inclusion of maize silage in mixtures with legume silages leads to a marked reduction in urine N without loss of production potential. It is predicted, on the basis of their chemical composition and rumen kinetics, that legume silages and maize silages would reduce methane production relative to grass silage, though in vivo measurements are lacking. Extensive fermentation in the silo reduces the amount of fermentable substrate, and reduced methane production in comparison with grass silage where fermentation had been restricted by high levels of acid additive.
The survival of E. coli 0157 in fermented grass silage and in surface water
Role of forage species and conservation method in ruminal lipid metabolism, mammary lipogenesis and milk fatty acid composition in lactating cows
Supply of nutrients and productive responses in dairy cows given diets based on restrictively fermented silage
Symposium on the technique of making silage using preservatives and the quality of silage : Helsinki from 8th to 11th June 1976
Silage science and technology
An examination of factors affecting the fat : protein ratio of milk produced by cows offered grass silage-based diets
The effects of three silage inoculants on aerobic stability in grass, clover-grass, lucerne and maize silages
Silage effluent : problems and solutions : proceedings of a conference and exhibition held at the Staffordshire College of Agriculture 2 February 1988
The effect of nitrogen and phosphorus concentrations on nutrient balances of cereals and grass silage
The effect of a mixture of Lactobacillus strains on silage quality and nutritive value of grass harvested at four growth stages and ensiled for two periods
Concentrate feeding strategy of dairy cows during transition period
The estimated nutritive value of three common grassland species at three primary growth harvest dates following ensiling and fractionation of press-cake
The balewrapping handbook : a guide to the efficient production of balewrapped silage
Effects of winter feeding strategies with alternative feeds on the performance of mature suckler cows and their progeny
This paper reviews the production of, and factors affecting the performance of dairy cows, beef cattle and sheep offered silage based diets in Ireland and UK. Digestibility is the most important factor influencing the feed value of grass silage and consequently animal performance. Each 10 g kg-1 increase in digestive organic matter in the dry matter (DOMD) increases milk yield of dairy cows by 0.33 kg d-1, carcass gain of beef cattle by 23.8 g d-1 , carcass gain of finishing lambs by 9.3 g d-1, lamb birth weight by 52.3 g and ewe weight post lambing by 1.3 kg, respectively. Factors influencing feed value of grass silage are discussed including harvest date, wilting, fertilizer management, chop length and use of additives at ensiling. Maize silage increases the performance of cattle and sheep whilst whole crop wheat silage has no beneficial effect. Advances in silage technology, has enabled the ensiling high protein forages, such as red clover, lucerne and kale.
Influence of harvesting strategy on nutrient supply and production of dairy cows consuming diets based on grass and red clover silage
Making and feeding silage
The objective of the study was to investigate the effects of homofermentative and heterofermentative lactic acid bacteria (LAB) inoculants on fermentation and aerobic stability in a variety of crops and dry matter concentrations. The experiments were conducted with lucerne, ryegrass, ryegrass-timothy, red clover-ryegrass and whole crop maize using three additives in laboratory scale conditions. Each treatment and crop was replicated 5 five times when determining the chemical composition and aerobic stability in the silage. The data were statistically analyzed as a randomized complete block by using the GLM procedure of SAS. Additive application reduced pH and formation of butyric acid, alcohols and ammonia-N in all crops compared with the untreated silage (p < 0.05). The use of additives increased the content of lactic acid except heterofermentative LAB in maize with 276 g kg-1 DM and increased the content of acetic acid except homofermentative LAB in ryegrass-timothy and maize with 276 g kg-1 DM compared with the untreated silage (p < 0.05). It was observed that the aerobic stability of silages was improved significantly (p < 0.05) by using homofermentative and heterofermentative LAB inoculants.
Hay and forage harvesting
Manure in grass silage production : effects on silage fermentation and its hygienic quality
Abstract.
The isolation and characterisation of a heterofermentative inoculant and its effect on silage quality and aerobic stability
Pressures exerted by grain and silage stored in silos : experimental determination of the mechanical and rheological properties of grain and silage and analysis of the interaction between the stored material and the silo walls
The voluntary intake in growing pigs of four ensiled forage species
Effect of anionic salts in concentrate mixture on some blood and urine minerals, acid-base balance and feed intake of dry pregnant cows on grass silage based feeding with high calcium intake
Silage : field to feedbunk : Proceedings from the Silage : Field to feedbunk North American Conference : Hershey, Pennsylvania, February 11-13, 1997.
Assessment of the flow of soluble dietary non-ammonia nitrogen escaping degradation in the rumen of dairy cows fed grass silage based diets
Dry matter losses of grass, lucerne and maize silages in bunker silos
Biogas production from ensiled maize with and without hydrothermal pretreatment
Effect on concentrate crude protein level on grass silage intake, milk yield and nutrient utilisation by dairy cows in early lactation
The use of enzymes and lactic acid bacteria in forage conservation
The effect of Lactobacillus buchneri inoculation on the aerobic stability and fermentation characteristics of alfalfa-ryegrass, red clover and maize silage
Comparison of diets based on grass silage, hay or oat straw supplemented with four levels of concentrates in the feeding of growing Ayrshire bulls
Replacing grass silage with pea-barley intercrop silage in the feeding of the dairy cow
The effect of carbohydrate supplements on the utilization of grass silage diets
The effects of concentrate energy source on the milk production of dairy dows given a grass silage-based diet
Silage for fur animals : preservation efficiency of formic and benzoic acid in the ensiling of slaughterhouse by-products and their subsequent metabolism in farmed fur animals
Effects of grass-red clover silage digestibility and concentrate protein concentration on performance, carcass value, eating quality and economy of finishing Hereford bulls reared in cold conditions
The biochemistry of silage
The effect of adding an inoculant containing Lactobacillus buchneri, L. plantarum and L. casei to wilted perennial ryegrass, harvested at four growth stages and ensiled for either 60 or 150 d on silage fermentation quality, chemical composition, rumen degradability of neutral detergent fibre (NDF) and organic matter (OM) and in vitro OM digestibility (OMd) was studied. Compared to the control silage, more sugars were fermented to lactic and acetic acid with the inoculant, resulting in a lower pH, less dry matter losses and protein degradation and a better aerobic stability. The effects of the additive on fermentation quality were more pronounced after 150 than after 60 d of ensiling, because the quality of the control silage was worse after long ensiling period. The treatment lowered NDF content of grass harvested at the first two growth stages by degrading cell walls to complex sugars, but had no effect on NDF degradability of the silage. The inoculant had no effect on rumen OM degradability nor on OMd after the short ensiling period, but increased the rumen OM degradability for the first two growth stages and OMd for all growth stages after long ensiling period.
Improved grassland management
Soluble carbohydrates in the utilization of forages by cattle
Better use of local forages for dairy cattle in Vietnam : improving grasses, rice straw and protein rich forages
Grass silages as feedstuff for horses
Silage in western Europe : a survey of 17 countries
Performance of growing dairy bulls offered diets based on silages made of whole-crop barley, whole-crop wheat, hairy vetch and grass
