http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20217 Etruscans
Etruscans
Guide to Etruscan art in Roman museums
Etruscan and Roman architecture
Etruscan and early Roman architecture
The Etruscans : a new investigation
Thesaurus cultus et rituum antiquorum (ThesCRA). [6], Abbreviations : Abréviations : Abkürzungen : Abbreviazioni
Problems concerning the origin and early development of the Etruscan orientalizing style : illustrations
The scarith of Scornello : a tale of Renaissance forgery
Archaeological survey in the Lower Liri Valley, central Italy
Early Rome and the Etruscans
Southern Etruria
Etruscan myths
Catalogue : Etruria and Central Italy 450-30 B.C
The Penguin book of lost worlds. Volume two : Crete, Mycenae, Anatolia and Etruria
Etrusco ritu : case studies in Etruscan ritual behaviour
Archaic Roman religion : with an appendix on the religion of the Etruscans. Vol. 2
The Etruscan
A walk through the valley of death : the evolution of the Etruscan concept of the afterlife
The collection of antiquities from the cabinet of Sir William Hamilton = Collection des antiquites du cabinet de Sir William Hamilton = Die Antikensammlung aus dem Kabinett von Sir William Hamilton
The Liber linteus : a word for word commentary to and translation of the longest Etruscan text
Linguistica Tyrrhenica II : the Etruscan liturgical calendar from Capua
Collection of essays about the Etruscan world.
Ancient civilizations of the Mediterranean
The augur's daughter : a story of Etruscan life
The Etruscan paintings of Tarquinia
Etruscan inscriptions from the collection of Olof August Danielsson : addenda to CIE II, I, 4
The civitas Romana in Etruria
Pompeian brothels, Pompeii's ancient history, mirrors and mysteries, art and nature at Oplontis, the Herculaneum "Basilica"
Marzabotto : an Etruscan town
The Etruscans
The land of the Etruscans : from prehistory to the Middle Ages
Vulcientia vetustiora : a study of archaic Vulcian bronzes
Etruscan life and afterlife : a handbook of Etruscan studies
Votives, places, and rituals in Etruscan religion : studies in honor of Jean MacIntosh Turfa
Etruscan Italy
In the hills of Tuscany : recent excavations at the Etruscan site of Poggio Civitate (Murlo, Siena)
The Iron Age and Etruscan vases in the Olcott Collection at Columbia University, New York
The Etruscan cities and Rome
The Etruscans : art, architecture, and history
Etruscan places : by D. H. Lawrence
The riddle of the Etruscans definitively solved? : with the help of the universal and comparative prehistory research : an interdisciplinary research, comprising archaeology, cerebral physiology, ethnography, (history of art), history of philosophy, history of religions, linguistics, and racial biology
The Etruscan lion
Italy in Europe : economic relations 700 BC - AD 50
The ancient curse
The archaeology of Etruscan society
The cippus inscriptions of Museo Nazionale di Tarquinia
Etruscan by definition : papers in honour of Sybille Haynes
As witnessed by images : the Trojan War tradition in Greek and Etruscan art
Observations on the letter of Monsieur Mariette : with opinions on architecture, and a preface to a new treatise on the introduction and progress of the fine arts in Europe in ancient times
The religion of the Etruscans
The Hirpi Sorani and the wolf cults of Central Italy
Greek myth - Etruscan symbol
The Etruscans, a people of sophisticated culture and technology, flourished in the area between Florence and Rome for nearly a thousand years. Although they were eventually subsumed within the Roman Empire, they left a substantial legacy to western civilization. In antiquity they were known as a wealthy, luxury-loving people, fond of banqueting and deeply religious. They were highly literate but their literature has not survived and is from their art that we can learn about their culture and their myths. Most informative of their distinctive and colourful beliefs are their interpretations of scenes from Greek mythology, which reflect the importance of human sacrifice, goddesses and demons in their religion.
Monumentality in Etruscan and early Roman architecture : ideology and innovation
Mornings in Mexico and Etruscan places
Etruscan cities and their culture
The dwellings of eternity
Catalogue Etruria and Central Italy 450-30 B.C. / by Mette Moltesen & Marjatta Nielsen ; with  contributions by Pia Guldager Bilde, Tobias Fischer-Hansen and Anne Marie Nielsen
Archaeological investigations in southern Etruria. Vol. 1, The Civitella Cesi survey
The changing landscape of South Etruria
The Villanovan, Etruscan, and Hellenistic collections in the Detroit Institute of Arts
Etruscan places : travels through forgotten Italy
Material aspects of Etruscan religion : proceedings of the international colloquium Leiden, May 29 and 30, 2008
Etruscan tomb-groups : ancient pottery and bronzes in Chicago's Field Museum of Natural History
Etruscan types of heads : a revised chronology of the archaich and classical terracottas of Etruscan Campania and Central Italy
The etruscans : and the survival of Etruria
The world of the early Etruscans
Italy before the Romans : the Iron Age, Orientalizing and Etruscan periods
The Orientalizing bucchero from the lower building at Poggio Civitate (Murlo)
The Etruscan problem in the light of heuristics : a research report
Roman and Etruscan painting
The ousting of Etruscan by Latin in Etruria : studies in the  Romanization of Etruria : 3
"This comprehensive and fully up-to-date survey of Etruscan civilization traces its development from origins in the Villanovan Iron Age in the ninth century B.C. to its absorption by Rome in the first century B.C. Combining well-known aspects of Etruscan civilization with new discoveries and fresh insights, in particular into the role of women in Etruscan society, Sybille Haynes draws a complete and vivid picture of a people and a culture." "The text is organized both chronologically and thematically, interweaving archaeological evidence, analysis of social structure and trade, and description of pottery, architecture, tomb forms, burial customs and works of art with available historical sources. The author shows how geographical and geological differences within Central Italy determined access to mineral wealth, agricultural land and trade routes, and led to notable regional variations within Etruria. She also contrasts the Etruscans both with the Greeks, whose art stimulated their own, and with the Romans, who took over many elements of Etruscan culture and yet extinguished the Etruscans as a nation."--BOOK JACKET.
Thesaurus cultus et rituum antiquorum (ThesCRA) : Index
The Etruscan world
The Etruscans in the ancient world
Discovering the Etruscans
Catalogue of the copies of etruscan tomb paintings
When St. Paul and St. Peter reached Rome they encountered a state-sponsored religion that had been established for centuries. Amid the shrines and temples of Rome, the Romans sought to preserve and strengthen a religion especially suited to the ambitious city. But Roman religion had also proved permeable to many influences, from Greece, Egypt, Persia, and other parts of Italy. What then was truly Roman, and what had Romans done with their borrowings to stamp them with Roman character? By exhaustive study of texts, inscriptions, and archaeology of Roman sacred places, Dumezil traces the formation of archaic Roman religion from Indo-European sources through the development of the rites and beliefs of the Roman republic. He describes a religion that was not only influenced by the other religions with which it came into contact, but influenced them as well, in mutual efforts to distinguish one nation from another. Even so, certain continuities were sustained in order to achieve a religion that crossed generations and ways of life. The worship of certain gods became the special concerns of certain parts of society, all of which needed attention to assure Rome's success in war, civil administration, and the production of food and goods.
Etruscan culture : land and people : archeological research and studies conducted in San Giovenale and its environs by members of The Swedish Institute in Rome
Histri i etruščani = Histrians and etruscans
Malstria - Malena : metals and motifs in Etruscan mirror craft
The Paris Painter : an Etruscan vase-painter
Archaic Roman religion : with an appendix on the religion of the Etruscans. Vol. 1
Thesaurus cultus et rituum antiquorum (ThesCRA). Vol. 6, Stages and circumstances of life ; work - hunting - travel ; and addendum to vol. II music
The Etruscans begin to speak
Religion in ancient Etruria
Daily life of the etruscans
Subgeometric pottery from Southern Etruria
Satyrs in Etruria : a study of a theme on Etruscan black-figure vases
Corpus speculorum Etruscorum. U.S.A. 3 : New York : the Metropolitan museum of art
The Etruscans : [tourist guide]
Interpretatio Etrusca : Greek myths on Etruscan mirrors
The Etruscans outside Etruria
Studies in the Romanization of Etruria
Abundance of life : Etruscan wall painting
The Etruscan painting of Tarquinia
The search for the Etruscans
Information on Aphrodite, Apollo, Apulu, Artumes, Astarte, Athena, Atunis, birds, calendars, children, divination, funerary ritual, Hercules, Jupiter, lightning, Mars, Minerva, Neptune, Odysseus, Persephone, Pliny the Elder, prophecy, Pyrgi, Satyrs, Tages, Tarquinii, temples, thunder, Turan, Uni, Vei, Veii, Vulci, etc.
Linguistica Tyrrhenica. Vol. 2, Etruscan liturgical calendar from Capua
Studies in the romanization of Etruria. 7, Conclusion : the Roman census and romanization under Augustus
Daily life of the Etruscans
