http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2034 animal kingdom
animal kingdom
Knowledge encyclopedia : Animal!
Pests, pathogens and plant communities
Provides a concise introduction to the field of animal biology. In this title, readers discover general principles of evolution, ecology, classification, systematics, and animal body plans. It discusses the basic features of each group, along with evolutionary relationships among group members.
The ecology of bird communities. Vol. 1, Foundations and patterns
Citizens of the sea : wondrous creatures from the Census of Marine Life
What do people do all day?
The age of empathy : nature's lessons for a kinder society
Victorian animal dreams : representations of animals in Victorian literature and culture
The diversity of life
Use of bioactive glasses as porous implant surface inlays, a laser-deposited coating and peri-implant bone graft extender
"Animal Evolution provides a comprehensive analysis of the evolutionary interrelationships and myriad diversity of the Animal Kingdom. It reviews the classical, morphological information from structure and embryology, as well as the new data gained from studies using immune stainings of nerves and muscles and blastomere markings which makes it possible to follow the fate of single blastomeres all the way to early organogenesis. Until recently, the information from analyses of gene sequences has tended to produce myriads of quite diverging trees. However, the latest generation of molecular methods, using many genes, expressed sequence tags, and even whole genomes, has brought a new stability to the field. For the first time this book brings together the information from these varied fields, and demonstrates that it is indeed now possible to build a phylogenetic tree from a combination of both morphology and gene sequences. This thoroughly revised third edition of Animal Evolution brings the subject fully up to date, especially in light of the latest advances in molecular techniques".
Why animal suffering matters : philosophy, theology, and practical ethics
Strategy for biotechnology and genetic engineering in agriculture
Relievers, bridge-builders and watchdogs : framing and civil society construction by Japanese pro-animal organizations in the Kansai and Tokyo areas
"This collection examines human-animal relations and the different ways in which they can be understood, exploring animal rights and animal welfare; whether and under what circumstances animals are regarded as social actors with agency; media representations of human-animal relations; and the relation between animals and national identity"--
Zoopolis : a political theory of animal rights
Zoology
The ecology of bird communities. Vol. 2, Processes and variations
The open : man and animal
Pheromones of social bees
Animal earth : the amazing diversity of living creatures
Arthropod relationships
Dark matter and the dinosaurs : the astounding interconnectedness of the universe
It takes two : a book about how life begins
Geography has a long tradition in studies of geographical distribution of flora and fauna. Detailed mappings of the distributions of biota over wide regions can produce highly valuable biogeographical data, but are extremely laborious. These challenges in biogeographical mapping, as well as the need for mitigation tools for the adverse impacts of human disturbance on the landscape and biodiversity, have stimulated the development of new approaches for assessing biogeographical patterns. Particularly, the ability to model distribution patterns of organisms and habitat types has recently increased along with the theoretical and methodological development of biogeography and spatial ecology, and modern spatial techniques and extensive data sets (provided e.g., by earth observation techniques). However, geographical data have characteristics which produce statistical problems and uncertainties in these modelling studies: 1) the data are almost always multivariate and intercorrelated, 2) the data are often spatially autocorrelated, and 3) biogeographical distribution patterns are affected by different factors operating on different spatial and temporal scales. Especially remote sensing and geographic information data provide powerful means for studies of environmental change, but also include pitfalls and may generate biased results. Quantitative analysis and modelling with correct and strict use of spatial statistics should also receive more attention. The issues discussed in this paper can have relevance in several fields of application of geographical data.
Ecology of the city of Sofia : species and communities in an urban environment
Come on an amazing journey around the world, seeking out the weirdest and most wonderful animals! From the heights of the Himalayas to the deepest depths of the Pacific ocean, explore these 21 exciting places and meet the animals who live in them. Visit the jungle caves of Borneo, the Australian outback, the Arctic ice floes and many, many more!
Trace : Finnish journal for human-animal studies
A Day at the fire station
An introduction to animals and political theory
General immunology
Helsingin ympäristötilasto = Miljöstatistik för Helsingfors = Environmental statistics of Helsinki
Creaturley theology : God, humans and other animals
Ecology : the experimental analysis of distribution and abundance
The golden bough : a study in magic and religion
The invertebrates : a synthesis
Gregor the Overlander
Teaching the animal : the social sciences
Animal evolution : interrelationships of the living phyla
Ethical evaluation of research in Finland
Quarantine for seed : proceedings of the Workshop on Quarantine for Seed in the Near East, held at the International Center for Agricultural Research in the Dry Areas (ICARDA), Aleppo, Syrian Arab Republic, 2 to 9 November 1991
GATA factors regulate inner ear development and midbrain neurogenesis
Guide to the identification of animal fibres
Citizens of the sea : wondrous creatures from the Census of marine life
Andrew Linzey, the father of 'animal theology' grounds his arguments not on "animal rights" or on a secondary moral significance to animals, but on man's ethical responsibility towards innocent, defenseless, and vulnerable animals who are considered different or lower than us. The irrational and linguistic deficiencies, the alleged lack of moral agency, or even self-awareness compared to mature humanity are rational grounds for ethical concern by the mere fact that their undeserved suffering cannot be assumed to be any less than human suffering, since the significance of their suffering must be reckoned in their own terms, not ours. His central point is that, we cannot continue to privilege human suffering, but we must recognize that even animal differences argue for treating them with the care and and concern we extend for our very young. Abused animals deserve special moral solicitude just as abused infants do who, though dependent on us for their welfare, can neither articulate or represent themselves. How we treat animals arouses strong emotions. Many people are repulsed by photographs of cruelty to animals and respond passionately to how we make animals suffer for food, commerce, and sport. But is this, as some argue, a purely emotional issue? Are there really no rational grounds for opposing our current treatment of animals? In Why Animal Suffering Matters, Andrew Linzey argues that when analyzed impartially the rational case for extending moral solicitude to all sentient beings is much stronger than many suppose. Indeed, Linzey shows that many of the justifications for inflicting animal suffering in fact provide grounds for protecting them. Because animals, the argument goes, lack reason or souls or language, harming them is not an offense. Linzey suggests that just the opposite is true, that the inability of animals to give or withhold consent, their inability to represent their interests, their moral innocence, and their relative defenselessness all compel us not to harm them. Andrew Linzey further shows that the arguments in favor of three controversial practices-hunting with dogs, fur farming, and commercial sealing-cannot withstand rational critique. He considers the economic, legal, and political issues surrounding each of these practices, appealing not to our emotions but to our reason, and shows that they are rationally unsupportable and morally repugnant. In this superbly argued and deeply engaging book, Linzey pioneers a new theory about why animal suffering matters, maintaining that sentient animals, like infants and young children, should be accorded a special moral status.
Biogeography and ecology of forest bird communities
Environmental philosophy : from animal rights to radical ecology
Amphibians of La Escalera Region, southeastern Venezuela : taxonomy, ecology, and biogeography
Aesop's anthropology : a multispecies approach
Recent developments in spatial methods and data in biogeographical distribution modelling - advantages and pitfalls
Animals for show and pleasure in ancient Rome
Governing animals : animal welfare and the liberal state
Gregor and the curse of the warmbloods
Individual-based models and approaches in ecology : populations, communities and ecosystems
Animal diversity
Alaska OCS Region : third Information Transfer Meeting : conference proceedings, January 30 to February 1, 1990 Anchorage Hilton Hotel, Anchorage, Alaska
Word-formation of zoonosis terms-names of diseases transmitted from animals to men
Recognition and social behaviour in Formica ants
Final report on the evaluation of the Faculty of Veterinary Medicine : evaluation of the quality of education and the degree programmes of the University of Helsinki
The cat orchestra & the elephant butler : the strange history of amazing animals
Great apes
Cannibalism in the animal kingdom
Animals and human society : changing perspectives
Nouragues : dynamics and plant-animal interactions in a neotropical rainforest
The rescue princesses : the rainbow opal
Regulatory anatomy of honeybee lifespan = Regulering av aldring hos honningbien
Mutual aid : a factor of evolution
In borrowed light
Provides information about the physical characteristics, habits, and behavior of invertebrates, fish, amphibians, reptiles, birds and mammals.
Colour in nature : a visual and scientific exploration
Human and other animals : critical perspectives
Becoming animal : an earthly cosmology
Ask me anything
The monkey as mirror : symbolic transformations in Japanese history and ritual
The amazing animal adventure : An around-the-world spotting expedition
Success and dominance in ecosystems : the case of the social insects
Honeybee democracy
