http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20300 Atlantis
Atlantis
Atlantis : Herbie Brennan's forbidden truths
The hunt for Atlantis
Superscience : explaining the paranormal
Politics ancient and modern
Aquaman. Volume 3 : Throne of Atlantis
Textual voyages beyond the pillars of Hercules : English early modern literary encounters with the unknown
Survivors of Atlantis : their impact on the world
The Atlantean continent : its bearing upon the great ice age and the distribution of species
History of Atlantis
Atlantis mystery
When the sky fell : in search of Atlantis
Atlantis in Andalucia : a study of folk memory
The Atlantis dialogue : Plato's original story of the Lost City, Continent, Empire
The German raider Atlantis
Scams from the great beyond : how to make easy money off of ESP, astrology, UFOs, crop circles, cattle mutilations, alien abductions, Atlantis, channeling, and other New Age nonsense
The lost empire of Atlantis : history's greatest mystery revealed
Atlantis : the antediluvian world
The problem of Atlantis
Artemis Fowl and the Atlantis complex
The vampire's bride
From Anne Rice, conjurer of the beloved best sellers Interview with the Vampire and Prince Lestat, an ambitious and exhilarating new novel of utopian vision and power   "In my dreams, I saw a city fall into the sea. I heard the cries of thousands. I saw flames that outshone the lamps of heaven. And all the world was shaken."--Anne Rice, Prince Lestat and the Realms of Atlantis    At the novel's center: the vampire Lestat de Lioncourt, hero, leader, inspirer, irresistible force, irrepressible spirit, battling (and ultimately reconciling with) a strange otherworldly form that has somehow taken possession of Lestat's undead body and soul. This ancient and mysterious power and unearthly spirit of vampire lore has all the force, history, and insidious reach of the unknowable Universe.  It is through this spirit, previously considered benign for thousands of vampire years and throughout the Vampire Chronicles, that we come to be told the hypnotic tale of a great sea power of ancient times; a mysterious heaven on earth situated on a boundless continent--and of how and why, and in what manner and with what far-reaching purpose, this force came to build and rule the great legendary empire of centuries ago that thrived in the Atlantic Ocean.  And as we learn of the mighty, far-reaching powers and perfections of this lost kingdom of Atalantaya, the lost realms of Atlantis, we come to understand its secrets, and how and why the vampire Lestat, indeed all the vampires, must reckon so many millennia later with the terrifying force of this ageless, all-powerful Atalantaya spirit.
Heart of the dragon
The Atlantis blueprint
Ragnarok : the age of fire and gravel
Atlantis : in the light of modern research
The wind of the Khazars
Survive : Escape from Atlantis
The chaos code
Aquaman. Volume 1 : The trench
Ancestors of Avalon
Some words about the legend of Atlantis
Atlantis found
Voyage to Atlantis
Atlantis : lost lands, ancient wisdom
Character, plot and thought in Plato's Timaeus-Critias
Jewel of Atlantis
East of Atlantis : ancient Finland and its inhabitants in Olof Rudbeck the Elder's (1630-1702) Atlantica
Atlantis; the truth behind the legend
Atlantis
Prince Lestat and the realms of Atlantis
The rise and fall of the Atlantean civilization
Vimana aircraft of ancient India and Atlantis
The semiotics of animal representations
The sands of Sarasvati
Atlantis and the kingdom of the Neanderthals : 100,000 years of lost history
The Atlantis revelation
Atlantis in Spain
One foot in Atlantis : the secret occult history of World War II and its impact on new age politics
The end of Atlantis : new light on an old legend
Triton of the sea. 1
The view over Atlantis
Atlantis : the truth behind the legend
The Midas legacy
Atlantis has defined Nina Wilde's life. Her parents' obsession with Atlantis cost them their lives, but finding it brought Nina to her husband Eddie Chase and a series of archaeological treasures. A decade later, the International Heritage Agency needs their help to locate the Secret Codex, an account of ancient Atlantean explorer Talonor's journeys, thought to be located in the dangerous underwater ruins of Atlantis. Unable to resist one more adventure, the couple join the mission. But when a long-lost relative reappears in Nina's life, asking her to use the Codex to find a hidden cave containing the secret of King Midas, she is unprepared for the devastation that follows. The promise of unlimited gold has aroused the greed of powerful and ruthless forces and only Nina and Eddie stand in their way.
Atlantis destroyed
The gods of Atlantis
The flood from heaven : deciphering the Atlantis legend
The nymph king
New science, new world
Atlantis : the legend of a lost city
Atlantis mother of empires
The myth of America and the spirit of place : Charles Olson's sense of the place of America in the history of western imagination : lectio precursoria, June 1, 1994.
The Orion prophecy
Aquaman. Volume 2 : The others
Select bibliography
Atlantis, fact or fiction?
Nina trying to follow in her late mother's footsteps as she and husband Eddie search for King Midas' legacy. A return to Atlantis The lost city has defined Nina Wilde's life. Her parents' obsession with Atlantis cost them their lives, but finding it brought Nina to her husband Eddie Chase and a series of archaeological treasures. A secret codex A decade later, the International Heritage Agency needs their help to locate the Secret Codex, an account of ancient Atlantean explorer Talonor's journeys, thought to be located in the dangerous underwater ruins of Atlantis. Unable to resist one more adventure, the couple join the mission. A king whose touch turns to gold But when a long-lost relative reappears in Nina's life, asking her to use the Codex to find a hidden cave containing the secret of King Midas, she is unprepared for the devastation that follows. The promise of unlimited gold has aroused the greed of powerful and ruthless forces and only Nina and Eddie stand in their way.
Lost cities of Atlantis, ancient Europe & the Mediterranean
Atlas of Atlantis and other lost civilizations : discover the history and wisdom of Atlantis, Lemuria, Mu and other ancient cicilizations
