http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20383 religion policy
religion policy
Religion in the post-Yugoslav context
The republic unsettled : Muslim French and the contradictions of secularism
The Catholic Church and Russia : popes, patriarchs, tsars, and commissars
Religion and values among the Russian elite
Anatomy of a dictatorship : inside the GDR, 1949-1989
The chronicle of the Catholic Church in Lithuania. Vol. 1, Underground journal of human rights violations. Nos. 1-9, 1972-74
The Routledge handbook of religion and security
The French Revolution : faith, desire, and politics
Our places, their spaces : urban territoriality in the Northern Irish conflict
Shinto in history : ways of the kami
Civil religion and political theology
Law and religion in post-communist Europe
May one believe - in Russia? : violations of religious liberty in the Soviet Union
The illustrated encyclopedia of Islam : a comprehensive guide to the history, philosophy and practice of Islam around the world
The forgotten : Catholics of the Soviet Empire from Lenin through Stalin
Why politics needs religion : the place of religious arguments in the public square
Religion and the Soviet State : a dilemma of power
The state's religious education policies are part of the public negotiation of the role of religion in society. During the second half of the twentieth century, the state's education policy has been increasingly influential in the realm of religious education in schools. This development is instructive for the social analysis of religion in contemporary societies for two reasons: First, it offers insights into the politics of religion, and second, it reveals that the state's decisions on school politics touch on religious issues. The authors of this volume analyse the social significance of the state's activities concerning school religious education classes. The contributions deal with case studies from Armenia, Denmark, Germany, France, Italy, Iran, Canada, Sweden, Switzerland and Turkey. The authors scrutinise three aspects of the state's politics: First, the role of the state's politics of religion; second, the attitude and reaction of religious communities towards the state's policies; and third, the influence of public religion-and-state discourses on the religious education politics. --Publisher's description.
Religion in Austria
Religion in Russia after the collapse of communism : religious renaissance or secular state
Secularism or democracy? : associational governance of religious diversity
This article examines how Finnish politicians constructed the legal protection of religion and the relationship between religion and society during the process of revising the blasphemy and religious insult sections of the Finnish criminal code in the late 1990s. In doing so, it analyzes their discourses on religion and the sacred.
The party of unbelief : the religious policy of the Bolshevik party, 1917-1929
"Towards 'a real reunion?" : archbishop Aleksi Lehtonen's efforts for closer relations with the Church of England 1945-1951
The Jews of medieval France : the community of Champagne
Towards a new community : culture and politics in post-totalitarian Europe
Anti-religious activity in Ingria : a review of the anti-religious activities of Finnish communists at the beginning of the 1930s
God and the financial crisis : essays on faith, economics, and politics in the wake of the Great Recession
Protestantism, politics, and women in Britain, 1660-1714
The political origins of religious liberty
The resistance of the Catholic Church in Lithuania against religious persecution
Piety and politics : religion and the rise of absolutism in England, Württemberg and Prussia
Christianity under stress. Vol. 2, Catholicism and politics in communist societies
Church and religious life in post-communist societies : papers of ISORECEA Conferences
The politics of religion in Russia and the new states of Eurasia
Routledge handbook of religion and politics
Islam in the Soviet Union : from the second World War to Gorbachev
The Continuation War as a metanoic moment : a Burkean reading of lutheran hierocratic rhetoric
Spirit matters : the worldwide impact of religion on contemporary politics
While until quite recently debates in political philosophy on questions of pluralism, tolerance, and liberal governance foregrounded notions of culture and cultural difference, today it is religion that increasingly provides the historical and conceptual resources for the contemporary reassessment of the pragmatic and philosophical conditions for pluralist democracy. Drawing on a few recent writings in the field of political theology, this paper explores some of the analytical directions that this repositioning of religion within contemporary narratives of modernity has opened up within political philosophy. As I seek to demonstrate, the domain of political theology has become the problem space, where the tensions and contradictions between a simultaneous insistence on Europe's secular identity and its Christian one are being elaborated. Through a ceratin double movement, secularism and Christianity have become productively fused within the writings I address, in a way that repeats the story of European exeptionality while inscribing the essential otherness of the Muslim populations within its borders. In the second part of the paper, I want to contrast these reflections from political philosophy with debates in postcolonial Egypt around issues of religion and the possibility of democratic pluralism.
Religion in the mirror of law : Eastern European perspectives from the early modern period to 1939
Islamic education in the Soviet Union and its successor states
Dividing politics along sectarian lines in Lebanon : the religious subject in Lebanese politics
Religion, globalization and political culture in the Third World
The fire, the star and the cross : minority religions in medieval and early modern Iran
The politics of religion in Napoleonic Italy : the war against God, 1801-1814
Atheism and perestroika
Russian Orthodoxy resurgent : faith and power in the new Russia
Written by international specialists, this introductory text explains theory and method in religious study. It covers a wide variety of methodological approaches to religion including sociology, anthropology, psychology and science as well as key issues such as gender, fundamentalism and insider/outsider problems.
Religion and politics in the Russian mass consciousness
Nationalism, democracy and development : state and politics in India
Stalin's holy war : religion, nationalism, and alliance politics, 1941-1945
Palestinian Christians in Israel : state attitudes towards non-Muslims in a Jewish state
Stuart dynastic policy and religious politics, 1621-1625
The Blackwell companion to political theology
Asian visions of authority : religion and the modern states of East and Southeast Asia
Islam in the Soviet Union : from the Second World War to Gorbachev
Shamanism, history, and the state
Jews in the Russian army, 1827-1917 : drafted into modernity
Believing in Russia : religious policy after communism
Law and religion in the 21st century : Nordic perspectives
Essays on current account imbalances
Justinian the Great : the emperor and saint
Heresy in transition : transforming ideas of heresy in medieval and early modern Europe
"Godless communists" : atheism and society in Soviet Russia, 1917-1932
Discretion and valour : religious conditions in Russia and Eastern Europe
Taming the gods : religion and democracy on three continents
Religion and politics in the modern world
Between Western and Eastern Europe : political studies : past and the present
American Jesus : how the Son of God became a national icon
Back to the future : the Protestants and a united Ireland
Church, state, and society in Eastern Europe
The seeds of triumph : church and state in Gomułka's Poland
Roman Catholicism in North Korea : Worker's Party of Korea, Changchung Cathedral, religion in Korea, religion in North Korea
Law and religion in Europe : a comparative introduction
A fundamental belief in personal liberty and in the ability of free markets to realise the good lies at the heart of the neoliberal economic orthodoxy that has now shaped public policy for a generation. Confidence in orthodox economics has, however, been badly shaken by the financial crisis of 2008 and, in the years following, by the effects of the Great Recession. The era of casino banking was not only an era of de-industrialisation and under-employment, but also of iniquitous tax avoidance schemes, and of grotesquely inflated levels of social inequality. Such factors, we now realise, have reduced the life-prospects of millions of our fellow-citizens. This interdisciplinary volume of essays, with wide-ranging contributions by theologians and social scientists, explores the theological, economic, and moral implications of these developments. Its central claim is that neoliberalism's failure to appreciate the limitations of its fiduciary commitments contributed massively to the economic crisis. A more honest appraisal of the relation between the language of belief and the sphere of economic behaviour is therefore required. This must also result in appropriate policy changes, to harness the power of the economy to serve a more generous vision of the human good.
Cross and commissar : the politics of religion in Eastern Europe and the USSR
Christian realism and political problems
Religious education politics, the state, and society
Islamic reform in twentieth-century Africa
Political Islam, citizenship, and minorities : the future of Arab Christians in the Islamic Middle East
Religion and social transformations
Recognizing religion in a secular society : essays in pluralism, religion, and public policy
Religious difference and democratic pluralism : some recent debates and frameworks
Religions and politics in the Hellenistic and Roman periods
Divination, politics, and ancient Near Eastern empires
Totalitarianism and political religions. 1, Concepts for the comparison of dictatorships
Religious consciousness in the glasnost era
Under God? : religious faith and liberal democracy
This book studies the Jewish community of Champagne from the fifth century to the expulsion of 1306. It documents the growth and decline of the community, examines its interrelationships with the larger Christian culture, and presents a model for the study of other communities. The economic and political consolidation of the county, coupled with the development of Jewish self-government and a system of education in Talmudic law, were important factors in the growth of Champagne's Jewish community. The subsequent decline of the community in the mid-13th century was also attributable to economic and political factors, as well as a growing church influence. The Jews of Medieval France: The Community of Champagne also offers an in-depth analysis of women's place in the Jewish and gentile worlds of medieval France. Details and comparisons of women's status within the family and in business, and examples of attitudes toward women in literature and law are all thoroughly integrated into the text.
Candle in the wind : religion in the Soviet Union
Public life and public lives : politics and religion in modern British history : essays in honour of Richard W. Davis
Non-Muslims in Muslim majority societies : with focus on the Middle East and Pakistan
Midnight's children
Church and state in 21st century Britain : the future of church establishment
The sacred orders of Finnish political discourse on the revision of the blasphemy law
On history, heritage and religion
One nation under God : religion in contemporary American society
Politics and transcendent wisdom : the Scripture for humane kings in the creation of Chinese Buddhism
The concept of heresy is deeply rooted in Christian European culture. The palpable increase in incidences of heresy in the Middle Ages may be said to directly relate to the Christianity's attempts to define orthodoxy and establish conformity at its centre, resulting in the sometimes forceful elimination of Christian sects. In the transition from medieval to early modern times, however, the perception of heresy underwent a profound transformation, ultimately leading to its decriminalization and the emergence of a pluralistic religious outlook. The essays in this volume offer readers a unique insight into this little-understood cultural shift. Half of the chapters investigate the manner in which the church and its attendant civil authorities defined and proscribed heresy, whilst the other half focus on the means by which early modern writers sought to supersede such definition and proscription. The result of these investigations is a multifaceted historical account of the construction and serial reconstruction of one of the key categories of European theological, juristic and political thought. The contributors explore the role of nationalism and linguistic identity in constructions of heresy, its analogies with treason and madness, the role of class and status in the responses to heresy. In doing so they provide fascinating insights into the roots of the historicization of heresy and the role of this historicization in the emergence of religious pluralism.
Ethnicity, Religion and Politics in Tanzania : The 2010 General Elections and Mwanza Region
Religion, state, and society : Jefferson's wall of separation in comparative perspective
Religious liberty in Eastern Europe and the USSR : before and after the great transformation
Religious and secular forces in late tsarist Russia : essays in honor of Donald W. Treadgold
Philosophy as cultural politics
Light through the curtain : Poland, Czechoslovakia, USSR, Romania - testaments of faith and courage
Theological bioethics : participation, justice, and change
An Anglophile among the Anglicans
Russian hajj : empire and the pilgrimage to Mecca
Religious liberty in the Soviet Union : WCC and USSR : a post-Nairobi documentation
The Doge of Venice : the symbolism of state power in the Renaissance
The social face of Buddhism : an approach to political and social activism
White paper on Ayodhya
Church and state in Soviet Russia : Russian orthodoxy from World War II to the Khrushchev years
Spirits in politics : uncertainties of power and healing in African societies
Religion, state and politics in the Soviet Union and successor states
The state of religion atlas
The religious policy of the Stalinist state : a case study : the Central Standing Commission on Religious Questions, 1929-1938
Christianity under stress. Vol. 3, Protestantism and politics in Eastern Europe and Russia : the communist and postcommunist eras
Religion in the USSR
Hindutva movements in the West : resurgent Hinduism and the politics of diaspora
Russia and the making of modern Greek identity, 1821-1844
Expanding religion : religious revival in post-communist Central and Eastern Europe
The Routledge companion to the study of religion
A secular faith : why Christianity favors the separation of church and state
