http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20367 concrete industry
concrete industry
Production line automation in the concrete element factories : scientific-technical cooperation seminar between Soviet Union and Finland, Espoo 24th August, 1989
Moving mountains : a history of Partek
NEW TECHNOLOGIES IN CONSTRUCTING CONCRETE STRUCTURES
Concrete : structure, properties, and materials
PHC production management system based on RFID
Elematic 50 years : 1959-2009
Entry methods of Kainuu concrete company : case study of Kuhmon Betoni Oy
Effect of accelerating admixture on early strength development of concrete
Betonisanasto, englanti-suomi-englanti = Dictionary of concrete, English-Finnish-English
Concrete terms : English-German-Finnish = Betontechnische Fachausdrücke = Betonitekniikan sanasto
Technical concrete know-how to the world
Polymers in building and construction
A concrete Atlantis : U.S. industrial building and European modern architecture 1900-1925
The applicability of an electro-optical coordinate measuring technique to the dimensional control of precast concrete facade panel production
Accelerating admixtures shorten the time of setting and increase the rate of early strength development of concrete. The aim of this thesis was to study the possibilities of using new accelerating admixtures in precast concrete production. A series of tests were performed in a laboratory in order to find out the effect of accelerators on workability, heat generation and strength development of concrete. Tests were done with no-slump concrete and self-compacting concrete. The binders used in the tests were type CEM I Portland cements. One of these is in common use in Finnish production plants. The tests were carried out with an accelerator dosage at around the average of the preferred use range. Based on the results, accelerators are most beneficial in enhancing the production rate of elements that are difficult to heat after casting. Of the five accelerators tested, one improved the early strength development clearly more than the others. It is recommended that this accelerator is used as the reference when accelerating admixtures are evaluated.
Durable concrete with industrial by-products : Nordic research symposium, Espoo, 18th February, 1988 = Beständiga betongkonstruktioner genom användning av biprodukter
Microstructure and properties of concrete : expert meetings, Espoo, 6-11 November, 1988 and 3-10 November, 1989
Monitoring the prefabricated elements : from design to assembly
Lea's chemistry of cement and concrete
Surface design in architecture : trend forecast and design collection development for Graphic Concrete
Concrete materials : problems and solutions
Sustainable materials with both eyes open
Helsingin seutu tilastoina 2006 = Helsingforsregionen i siffror 2006
Nordic Concrete Congress & Nordic Concrete Industry Meeting Proceedings : Reykjavik 6.-8. August 1992.
Concrete connections : customer magazine
