http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20343 ancient philosophy
ancient philosophy
Socrates
Paideia : the ideals of Greek culture. 2, In search of the divine centre
The great Sophists in Periclean Athens
Essays in ancient Greek philosophy. Vol. 2
Rhetoric and reality in Plato's Phaedrus
Aristotle : new light on his life and some of his lost works
Pseudo-Zeno : anonymous philosophical treatise
The beginning of philosophy
Aristotle's Physics : books III and IV
The Pythagorean sourcebook and library : an anthology of ancient writings which relate to Pythagoras and Pythagorean philosophy
Outlines of the History of Greek Philosophy
The complete works of Aristotle : the revised Oxford translation. Vol. 1
The origins of Greek thought
From Plato to Platonism
From the Socratics to the Socratic schools : classical ethics, metaphysics, and epistemology
Substance, form, and psyche : an Aristotelean metaphysics
The music of the Republic : essays on Socrates' conversations and Plato's writings
Whose Aristotle? Whose Aristotelianism?
Early Greek thinking
Before "eureka" : the presocratics and their science
Studies in ancient Greek society. Vol. 2, The first philosophers
Gardens of philosophy : Ficino on Plato
Plato
Plato's Republic : a study
Ancient Greek thought is the essential wellspring from which the intellectual, ethical, and political civilization of the West draws and to which, even today, we repeatedly return. In this volume drawn from the reference work Greek Thought: A Guide to Classical Knowledge, major scholars take up basic topics in philosophy and science, offering an account of the extraordinary explosion of desire for knowledge in the classical Greek world.
Aristotle's Physics. Books I and II
Definitions and divisions of philosophy
Socratic moral psychology
Doubt and dogmatism : studies in Hellenistic epistemology
Plotinus, the Roman philosopher (c. 204-270 CE) who is widely regarded as the founder of Neoplatonism, was also the creator of numerous myths, images, and metaphors. They have influenced both secular philosophers and Christian and Muslim theologians, but have frequently been dismissed by modern scholars as merely ornamental. In this book, distinguished philosopher Stephen R. L. Clark shows that they form a vital set of spiritual exercises by which individuals can achieve one of Plotinuss most important goals: self-transformation through contemplation. Clark examines a variety of Plotinuss myths and metaphors within the cultural and philosophical context of his time, asking probing questions about their contemplative effects. What is it, for example, to think away the spatiality of material things? What state of mind is Plotinus recommending when he speaks of love, or drunkenness, or nakedness? What star-like consciousness is intended when he declares that we were once stars or are stars eternally? What does it mean to say that the soul goes around God? And how are we supposed to bring the god in us back to the god in all? Through these rich images and structures, Clark casts Plotinus as a philosopher deeply concerned with philosophy as a way of life.
Roman reflections : studies in Latin philosophy
The complete works of Aristotle : the revised Oxford translation. Vol 2
Greek science : its meaning for us. Thales to Aristotle
Aristotle : a collection of critical essays
The beginnings of philosophy in Greece
On Aristotle
This anthology looks at the early sages of Western philosophy and science who paved the way for Plato and Aristotle and their successors. Democritus's atomic theory of matter, Zeno's dazzling "proofs" that motion is impossible, Pythagorean insights into mathematics, Heraclitus's haunting and enigmatic epigrams-all form part of a revolution in human thought that relied on reasoning, forged the first scientific vocabulary, and laid the foundations of Western philosophy. Jonathan Barnes has painstakingly brought together the surviving Presocratic fragments in their original contexts, utilizing the latest research and a major new papyrus of Empedocles.
The interpretation of Plato's Republic
Plato : the man and his work
The Greek philosophers from Thales to Aristotle
New essays on Plato : language and thought in fourth-century Greek philosophy
The People of Plato is the first study since 1823 devoted exclusively to the identification of, and relationships among, the individuals represented in the complete Platonic corpus. It provides details of their lives, and it enables one to consider the persons of Plato's works, and those of other Socratics, within a nexus of important political, social, and familial relationships. Bringing the results of modern epigraphical and papyrological research to bear on long-standing questions, The People of Plato is a fascinating resource and valuable research tool for the field of ancient Greek philosophy and for literary, political, and historical studies more generally.
This book offers a controversial interpretation of Plato's Apology of Socrates. By paying unusually close attention to what Socrates indicates about the meaning and extent of his irony, David Leibowitz arrives at unconventional conclusions about Socrates' teaching on virtue, politics, and the gods; the significance of his famous turn from natural philosophy to political philosophy; and the purpose of his insolent 'defense speech'. Leibowitz shows that Socrates is not just a colorful and quirky figure from the distant past but an unrivaled guide to the good life - the thoughtful life - who is as relevant today as in ancient Athens. On the basis of his unconventional understanding of the dialogue as a whole, and of the Delphic oracle story in particular, Leibowitz shows that the Apology is the key to the Platonic corpus, indicating how many of the disparate themes and apparently contradictory conclusions of the other dialogues fit together.
The ironic defense of Socrates : Plato's Apology
Neoplatonism
The pre-Socratics : a collection of critical essays
Metaphysics
The Oxford handbook of Plato
Culture and philosophy in the age of Plotinus
Aristotle's Poetics : a translation and commentary for students of literature
The meditations of Marcus Aurelius : spiritual teachings and reflections : selections annotated & explained
Reading the Statesman : proceedings of the III Symposium Platonicum
Plato's ethics
Types of thinking including A Survey of Greek philosophy
Understanding the Phaedrus : proceedings of the II Symposium Platonicum
Recollecting Plato's Meno
Greek thought : a guide to classical knowledge
Plato's Republic : a dialogue in sixteen chapters, with a prologue and an epilogue
Cynic hero and cynic king : studies in the cynic conception of man
Studies on Aristotle and the Aristotelian tradition : proceedings of the International Conference, Padua, December 11, 12, 13, 2006 = Studi su Aristotele e la tradizione aristotelica : atti del convegno internazionale di studi, Padova, 11, 12, 13, 2006
Some assumptions of Aristotle
The doctrine of being in the Aristotelian Metaphysics : a study in the Greek background of mediaeval thought
On Aristotle Meteorology 1.1-3
A guide to the good life : the ancient art of stoic joy
"Socrates' moral psychology is widely thought to be 'intellectualist' in the sense that, for Socrates, every ethical failure to do what is best is exclusively the result of some cognitive failure to apprehend what is best. Until fairly recently, the view that, for Socrates, emotions and desires have no role to play in causing such failure went unchallenged. This book argues against the orthodox view of Socratic intellectualism and offers in its place a comprehensive alternative account that explains why Socrates believed that emotions, desires and appetites can influence human motivation and lead to error. Thomas C. Brickhouse and Nicholas D. Smith defend the study of Socrates' philosophy and offer a new interpretation of Socratic moral psychology. Their novel account of Socrates' conception of virtue and how it is acquired shows that Socratic moral psychology is considerably more sophisticated than scholars have supposed"-- Provided by publisher.
Aristotle's theory of abstraction
The Enneads
First principles, substance and action : studies in Aristotle and Aristotelianism
The Cambridge history of later Greek and early medieval philosophy
Logical matters : essays in ancient philosophy II
The Sophists
Review: George Anagnostopoulos, A Companion to Aristotle
Plato at the Googleplex : why philosophy won't go away
Sextus Empiricus : the transmission and recovery of pyrrhonism
Classical philosophy : collected papers. 1, Philosophy before Socrates
Greek philosophers
Plato's earlier dialectic
Aristotle's Topics
Nicomachean ethics
The Greek pursuit of knowledge
The authentic self : essays in al-Fārābī and late ancient Greek philosophy
Plato and his predecessors : the dramatisation of reason
Platonic questions : dialogues with the silent philosopher
The philosophy of Socrates
Mimesis : Plato's doctrine of artistic imitation and its meaning to us
Early Greek Philosophy
Philosophy and doxography in the imperial age
The people of Plato : a prosopography of Plato and other socratics
Ancient ethics : a critical introduction
The pre-Socratic philosophers : a companion to Diels, Fragmente der Vorsokratiker
Ancient Greek philosophy : its development and relevance to our time
The earliest phase of philosophy in Europe saw the beginnings of cosmology and rational theology, metaphysics, epistemology, and ethical and political theory. It saw the development of a wide range of radical and challenging ideas: from Thales' claim that magnets have souls and Parmenides' account that there is only one unchanging existent to the development of an atomist theory of the physical world. This general account of the Presocratics introduces the major Greek philosophical thinkers from the sixth to the middle of the fifth century BC. It explores how we might go about reconstructing their views and understanding the motivation and context for their work as well as highlighting the ongoing philosophical interest of their often surprising claims. Separate chapters are devoted to each of the major Presocratic thinkers, including Xenophanes, Heraclitus, Parmenides, Anaxagoras, Empedocles, Leucippus and Democritus, and an introductory chapter sets the scene by describing their intellectual world and the tradition through which their philosophy has been transmitted and interpreted. With a useful chronology and guide to further reading the book is an ideal introduction for the student and general reader.
Presocratics
Paideia : the ideals of Greek culture. 3, The conflict of cultural ideals in the age of Plato
Plotinus : myth, metaphor, and philosophical practice
Ancient Greek thought is the essential wellspring from which the intellectual, ethical, and political civilization of the West draws and to which, even today, we repeatedly return. In more than sixty essays by an international team of scholars, this volume explores the full breadth and reach of Greek thought--investigating what the Greeks knew as well as what they thought about what they knew, and what they believed, invented, and understood about the conditions and possibilities of knowing. Calling attention to the characteristic reflexivity of Greek thought, the analysis in this book reminds us of what our own reflections owe to theirs.
Studies in later Greek philosophy and gnosticism
Eudemus of Rhodes
Early Greek philosophy
The dialogues of Plato. Vol. 2, Republic ; Gorgias ; Parmenides
Pyrrhonian inquiry
The philosophy of Plato
Paideia : the ideals of Greek culture. 1, Archaic Greece, The mind of Athens
Freedom in Greek life and thought : the history of an ideal
Defining the art of grammar : ancient perceptions of γραμματική and grammatica
Classical philosophy : collected papers. 2, Socrates and his contemporaries
