http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20351 business communication
business communication
Communication ethics in a connected world
Communication with motion in user interface
Business communication today
Business builder : intermediate teacher's resource series. Modules 4, 5, 6, Discussions and meetings ; Business correspondance ; Business reports
Sociology of discourse  : from institutions to social change
Current status and upcoming needs in SME's in Northern regions of Finland, Norway and Sweden : technologies, personnel, market and ICT in the business process
Role of culture in communication process and atmosphere of business negotiation : a comparative analysis of business negotiations in CEE and ASEAN countries from Finnish firms' perspective
Steal the show : from speeches to job interviews to deal-closing pitches, how to guarantee a standing ovation for all the performances in your life
Legal writing handbook
Occupy : the spatial dynamics of discourse in global protest movements
CEF-based competence profiles : language and communication needs survey for teaching business students
Lesikar's business communication : connecting in a digital world
Management possibilities for interpersonal trust in a business network. Case: health-, exercise- and wellbeing markets
Let's talk business! : a task-based material package of public speaking and small talk in the BELF context
Powerwriting : the hidden skills you need to transform your business writing
Impossible to ignore : creating memorable content to influence decisions
"What are the main ethical challenges for strategic communication and public relations professionals today? How can researchers help in understanding and dealing with these challenges in a complex and interconnected world? This book offers some answers to these questions, based on contributions by researchers from different European countries and other continents. The chapters of the first section focus on general concepts about communication and public relations ethics as well as corporate social responsibility. Three sections then deal with: the specific situation of communication and PR ethics in various European countries; the evolution of ethical skills of communication professionals; and the interaction between communication ethics and the public sphere. The final two sections offer insights on recent research in public relations, like employee communication and engagement, mentoring in public relations and the evolution of media relations and social media communication" -- Back cover.
E-Negotiations : networking and cross-cultural business transactions
Emergence of wireless services : business actors and their roles in networked component-based development
Brief : make a bigger impact by saying less
Change is now so commonplace that people no longer talk in terms of the "whitewater epoch". Every sector of the economies of the developed world has experienced huge swathes of change in the last decade of the twentieth century alone. Increased global competition, aided and abetted by technological advances, has led many organizations to seek to re-invent themselves in the hope of being able to survive and thrive. In mature sectors in particular, where the pace of consolidation is accelerating, organizations have had little option but to grow through acquisition or be absorbed. Whether the change is labelled "continuous process improvement", "restructuring", "downsizing" or re-engineering", to employees, change usually brings with it added pressures, job insecurity and a consequent loss of commitment to the organization. Understanding Change: theory, implementation and success argues that strategic change in the new millennium will be geared increasingly to achieving sustainable high performance, rather than just short-term gains. Most theorists now agree that the real challenge of change lies in gaining employees" willingness to commit to the change effort. Change leaders at every level need to be able to understand the elements at work in any change process, and to use judgement about the style of leadership required to give the change effort the best chance of success. Understanding Change: theory, implementation and success provides an overview of change and organizational theory, leading in particular to the author"s definition of the "input" elements of the high performance organisation, based on extensive research into UK and international organisations. It also contains a section looking at the management of change, with case studies illustrating approaches to managing change which are conducive to achieving sustainable high performance. In her companion book, The High Performance Organization- creating dynamic stability, the author explores some of the "how to"s" of building an organizational culture which is supportive of high performance in today"s challenging environment.
Improve your communication skills
Business letters made easy
Effective business writing
Communicative practices at work : multimodality and learning in a high-tech firm
Motion communication makes better user experiences. Animations in user interfaces are not just a visual experience. Motion has a lot of power over where the user is looking and it should be used to guide the user. This thesis is for graphic designers or anyone who wants to understand the user and therefore make better design and communication. This thesis includes topics like human computer interaction, user psychology, user experience and animation that form the basis of motion communication. The last chapter shows examples of how to use motion communication in the user interface.
Conversation analysis and language for specific purposes
Inbound marketing : get found using Google, social media, and blogs
Analysis of technology and business antecedents for spectrum sharing in mobile broadband networks
The jelly effect : how to make your communication stick
Lesikar's basic business communication
Communication skills : preparing for career success
The AMA handbook of public relations
Running virtual meetings : test your technology, keep their attention, connect across time zones
Yes! : 50 scientifically proven ways to be persuasive
The complete guide to direct marketing
Bear Meets Dragon - cross-cultural research on the business relations between the companies from southern Satakunta region and China
Business and management communication : a guide book
Best Seller. 3, The business student as a business friend
Reflections on EFL proficiency requirements in the business context : towards bilingualism in professional education in Finland
Business spanish
Business builder : intermediate teacher's resource series. Modules 7, 8, 9, Presentations ; Company, products and customer relations ; Negotiations
Business communication quarterly
The language factor in international business : new perspectives on research, teaching and practice
Digital decisions : how digital signage networks generate profit
The other at the workplace : power and language in a multicultural workplace
Discourse and responsibility in professional settings
Hearing gestures : vocalisations as embodied projections of intentionality in designing non-speech sounds for communicative functions
Large-scale protest movements have recently transformed urban common spaces into sites of resistance. The Arab Spring, the European Summer, the American Fall in 2011, the revolts in India and South Africa and, more recently, in Istanbul, in several cities in Brazil, and in Hong Kong, are part of a common wave of protests which reclaims squares and urban places, monumentally designed as political and economic centres, as places for discussion and decision-making, for increasing participation and intervention in the governance of the community. Through banners and signs, open assemblies, and other communicative practices in the encampments and interconnecting physical and virtual spaces, participants permanently reconfigure their lived spaces discursively. The attempt to account for on-going social phenomena from the moment they first happen, and with an international perspective, undoubtedly represents a theoretical and methodological challenge. This book is a successful and innovative attempt to address this challenge, capturing the complex interplay between social, spatial, and communicative practices, drawing on complementary and alternative methods. Originally published in Journal of Language and Politics issue 13:4 (2014)
Communicating with customers : service approaches, ethics, and impact
Summary. Concluding remarks (s. 417-426).
Professional English language needs of Finnish economists working in marketing : implications for language training in English business communication
Marketing Strategy Study For Customized Humidors In East Ontario Area
What are the biggest cultural factor-related challenges for Finnish SMEs while doing business with the Chinese?  : case: real voice from three businessmen
Writing for the workplace : business communication for professionals
Developing communication practices by computer and video-conferencing systems : a case study of a Finnish retail bank
Leading international projects : diverse strategies for project success
Full of essential advice for spotlight lovers and wallflowers alike, this book will teach you how to bring any crowd to its feet. Your day is full of moments when you must persuade, inform, and motivate others. Each of those moments requires you to play a role, to heighten the impact of your words, and to manage your emotions and nerves--if you want to steal the show, that is. Every interaction is a performance, whether you're speaking up in a meeting, pitching a client, or walking into a job interview. Here, best-selling author Michael Port draws on decades of experience as an actor and a popular keynote speaker, to show you how to make the most of every presentation and interaction. You'll learn how the methods of top actors will help you connect with, inspire, and persuade any audience. You'll discover the key strategies for commanding an audience's attention, developing a clear focus for every performance, engaging your listeners, and delivering your message with maximum impact.--Adapted from book jacket.
Sharing is emerging as one of the megatrends influencing future business opportunities, and wireless communications is no exception to this development. Future mobile broadband networks will operate on different types of spectrum bands including shared spectrum, which calls for changes in the operation and management of the networks. The creation and capture of value by the different players in the mobile broadband ecosystem is expected to change due to regulation, technology, and business landscape related drivers that concern not only spectrum sharing, but also sharing of other resources such as infrastructure, technologies, or data. This thesis examines the key business and technology enablers needed to exploit spectrum sharing in mobile broadband networks, and presents the business model characteristics and strategic choices that spectrum sharing concepts support. Action research and integral scenarios methodologies were applied for strategic and business analysis utilizing the capacity and expertise of the policy, business and technology research communities. The thesis introduces a new approach to analyze the scalability of the spectrum sharing concepts and their business model elements utilizing sharing economy antecedent factors. The results indicate that all analyzed sharing concepts meet basic requirements to scale. The Licensed Shared Access (LSA) leverages existing assets and capabilities of the mobile network operator domain, the Citizens Broadband Radio Service (CBRS) extends the business model dynamics from connectivity to content, context and commerce, and the hybrid usage of Ultra High Frequency (UHF) band by Digital Terrestrial TV (DTT) and downlink Long Term Evolution (LTE) (HUHF) enables new collaborative opportunities between converging communication, Internet and media domains. The thesis validates the feasibility of spectrum sharing between mobile broadband networks and other types of incumbent spectrum users utilizing Finnish cognitive radio field trial environment (CORE), and expands the notion of spectrum sharing beyond the mobile broadband domain to be applied to other wireless systems including the media and broadcasting. The presented results can be used in developing the future mobile broadband systems enhanced with innovative spectrum sharing enabled business models to cope with the growing demand for capacity and new services by humans and machines.
Metadiscourse in business faxes : a Finnish case study
Mastering negotiations : key skills in ensuring profitable and successful negotiations
Negotiation strategies and skills in international business : a study of negotiators in Finland
Good charts : the HBR guide to making smarter, more persuasive data visualizations
Sociology of Discourse takes the perspective that collective actors like social movements are capable of creating social change from below by creating new institutions through alternative discourses. Institutionalization becomes a process of moving away from existing institutions towards creating new ones. While discourses entail openness and enable the questioning of what is instituted, institutions offer continuity and stability to social mobilizations. This dual movement of openness and stabilization explains how social struggles ensure their continuity, without completely assuming the logic of the dominant order. The book proposes an analytical model of social change, which is unfolded through three intertwined areas: discourse, communication, and institution. Collective experiences of social change, from the anti-globalization movement to Occupy, illustrate the main theoretical points and concepts. Through the example of the Platform for People Affected by Mortgages, the book concludes by analyzing how social change from below is possible.
Managing cross-cultural communication : principles and practice
How to write reports and proposals
Finland, cultural lone wolf
E-Business in Nigeria:  A Study of the Challenges Confronting Customers
Information systems role in strategic agility : a supply chain context
The journal of business communication
"The importance of clear and concise communication is paramount in business relations.The fourth edition of How to Write Reports andProposals continues to provide pointers for anyone who needs to impress, convince, or persuade colleagues or clients.It explains how to improve writing skills, think constructively before writing, and use clear and distinctive language.It also includes new guidance on deciding what to include and emphasize in a report and how to write succinctly in an impactful manner across a variety of mediums"--
Whether you're hosting a conference call or running a WebEx meeting, virtual meetings are ripe for problems. Poor call quality, people forgetting to mute, people staying muted rather than participating--the list of things that can and do go wrong is endless. But you can prepare and lead an effective meeting from afar. This book will quickly bring you up to speed. With guiding principles and tips for making your virtual meeting run smoothly, you'll tick through every item on your agenda. Running Virtual Meetings guides you through the basics of: - Conducting efficient and productive virtual meetings - Preparing for a successful meeting--from crafting a realistic agenda to performing a technological test-drive - Managing common problems, such as connectivity issues, low talkers, blowhards, and background noise - Following up and holding people accountable when your attendees are spread all over the globe.--
Thanks for the feedback : the science and art of receiving feedback (even when it is off-base, unfair, poorly delivered, and frankly, you're not in the mood)
Facing diversity : the Evangelical Lutheran Church of Finland from 2004 to 2007
Perception-based pricing strategies for mobile services in customer marketing context
Effective e-communication : case Fortum Oil Refining Business unit [Ellibs-kirja]
Intercultural interactions in business and management
Russia and the olympic movement : a study of Russian national identity as described in the newspaper Sovetskij Sport during the winter olympic games of 1988, 1992, 1994, and in the future winter olympic games of 2014
Developing business contacts
Doing business in China
The AMA handbook of business letters
Finnish and Russian corporate communication comparison : face-fo-face vs. virtual mode
COMMUNICATE WITH CONFIDENCE
Critical success factors of Finnish-Mexican interpersonal communication in the business context
Storytelling with data : a data visualization guide for business professionals
The meaning of movement : developmental and clinical perspectives of the Kestenberg movement profile
"Get heard by being clear and concise. The only way to survive in business today is to be a lean communicator. Busy executives expect you to respect and manage their time more effectively than ever. You need to do the groundwork to make your message tight and to the point. The average professional receives 304 emails per week and checks their smartphones 36 times an hour and 38 hours a week. This inattention has spread to every part of life. The average attention span has shrunk from 12 seconds in 2000 to eight in 2012.So, throw them a lifeline and be brief.Author Joe McCormack tackles the challenges of inattention, interruptions, and impatience that every professional faces. His proven B.R.I.E.F. approach, which stands for Background, Relevance, Information, Ending, and Follow up, helps simplify and clarify complex communication. BRIEF will help you summarize lengthy information, tell a short story, harness the power of infographics and videos, and turn monologue presentations into controlled conversations. Details the B.R.I.E.F. approach to distilling your message into a brief presentation Written by the founder and CEO of Sheffield Marketing Partners, which specializes in message and narrative development, who is also a recognized expert in Narrative Mapping, a technique that helps clients achieve a clearer and more concise message Long story short: BRIEF will help you gain the muscle you need to eliminate wasteful words and stand out from the rest. Be better. Be brief.--
Powerful proposals : how to give your business the winning edge
"A good visualization can communicate the nature and potential impact of ideas more powerfully than any other form of communication. For a long time, "dataviz" was left to specialists-data scientists and professional designers. No longer. A new generation of tools and massive amounts of available data make it easy for anyone to create visualizations that communicate ideas far more effectively than generic spreadsheet charts ever could. What's more, building good charts is quickly becoming a need-to-have skill for managers-if you're not doing it, another manager is, and they're getting noticed for it, and getting credit for your company's success. In Good Charts, dataviz maven Scott Berinato provides an essential guide to how visualization works and how to use this new language to impress and persuade. Dataviz is where spreadsheets and word processors were in the early 1980s-on the cusp of changing how we work. Berinato lays out a system for thinking visually and building better charts through a process of talking, sketching, and prototyping. The book goes well beyond proffering a set of static rules for making visualizations and taps into well-established and vanguard research in visual perception and neuroscience, as well as the emerging field of visualization science, to explore why good charts (and bad ones) create "feelings behind our eyes." Along the way, Berinato also includes many engaging vignettes of dataviz pros, illustrating the ideas in practice. Good Charts will help you turn plain, uninspiring charts that merely present information into smart, effective visualizations that powerfully convey ideas. This is your go-to guide for dataviz-the new language of business. "--
The aim of this study was to compare Finnish and Russian communication patterns in corporate situations, to find out whether these manners are different, and to demonstrate practical examples of possible differences. There was no intention to compare the two cultures' overall communication manners in this research; the scope was rather concentrated on the corporate communication comparison. The points of view of both Finnish and Russian cultures' representatives were introduced in this study. The research questions were as follows: 1). What are the core differences between Finnish and Russian ways of communication, if any? 2). What are the features of face-to-face and virtual modes related to both cultures? 3). How can cultural differences be seen in the negotiation process? The research was conducted on the basis of qualitative research method, interviewing the representatives of both nationalities from different Finnish companies and organizations. Altogether ten interviews were held during the spring of 2009, including individual interviews and one pair interview. The empirical data was compared with the theoretical background information in order to determine the similarities and/or the differences between these sources. Nowadays due to the globalization process intercultural communication plays crucial role in business sustainability. Many researchers put their efforts into investigating the communication patterns of Finnish and Russian cultures during the negotiation process. However, there will never be enough knowledge about the similarity and diversity between different countries. This is due to the fact that any present knowledge becomes outdated as a result of a continuous adaptation process within a culture to changes in current global conditions. The timeframe of the actual research was approximately five months, including the completion of personal interviews and the analysis period. The main results of the study show that there are obvious differences in corporate communication patterns between the two investigated cultures. These differences make the intercultural negotiation process more challenging and demanding, but at the same time curious and interesting.
Electronic data interchange : a total management guide
The handbook of communication and corporate social responsibility
Business passport to Japan
Cymraeg busnes : llawlyfr safonol i ddysgwyr ar bob lefel = Business Welsh : a standard manual for learners of all standards
Cross-cultural business behavior : marketing, negotiating, sourcing and managing across cultures
Essentials of corporate communication : implementing practices for effective reputation management
Innovations as communication processes : a legal architecture for governing ideas in business
"Getting a message across on paper and presenting a proposal in a clear and persuasive form are vital skills for anyone in business. How to Write Reports and Proposals provides practical advice on how to impress, convince and persuade your colleagues or clients. It will help you: improve your writing skills; think constructively before writing; create a good report; produce persuasive proposals; use clear and distinctive language; present numbers, graphs and charts effectively. Full of checklists, exercises and examples, How To Write Reports and Proposals is essential reading and will help you to put over a good case with style. With over one million copies sold, the hugely popular Creating Success series covers a wide variety of topic, with the latest editions including new chapters such as Tough Conversations and Treating People Right. This indispensable business skills collection is suited to a variety of roles, from someone looking to develop their time management skills for a society committee role, to someone with a business idea looking to build a strategic plan"--
Negotiation is a core skill used in a variety of personal and commercial settings and can be the key to success. Inventive Negotiation demonstrates how to transform transaction-oriented competitive or integrative bargainers into inventive negotiators that focus on long-term commercial relationships.
Understanding change : theory, implementation and success
This volume strengthens the case for analysing discourse from the point of view of discourse participants' accountability and responsibility. It adds an important and largely neglected strand to research in discourse studies and pragmatics by analysing the expression and attribution of responsibility, particularly in professional discourse. Debates on social and professional responsibility have proliferated in recent years both in the public sphere (e.g. in connection with corporate responsibility reports) and in more local practices (e.g. as manifested in the publication of in-house codes of conduct). However, there is little academic research on professional discourse which systematically addresses the ways in which responsibility relations are construed in language use. This volume contains a number of case studies focusing on different professional settings: media, health care and social work. The types of data examined range from globally available mass-consumed discourse (such as news agency dispatches) to local and essentially private face-to-face encounters (such as counselling sessions). The studies examine different linguistic features (such as reported speech in written texts and backchannelling in spoken encounters) and different types of meanings (such as agency and causality). The studies draw on different methodological approaches (mainly pragmatics, conversation analysis and (critical) discourse analysis). A common thread running through the contributions is that responsibility is not a stable quality of people or institutions, but a dynamic and variable resource that language users negotiate in interaction.
Effective communication for modern business
Doing business with Japan : successful strategies for intercultural communication
Project managers leading international projects must deliver value and align the project outcomes to the wider strategic goals of the organization. However, they are faced with the challenges of cross cultural communication and behavioural differences, large-scale and technically complex projects involving multiple stakeholders, and slow decision making when speed is of the essence. Leading International Projects helps overcome these challenges by taking a holistic approach, drawing on systemic, behavioural and psychological perspectives to build team trust, communicate to avoid misunderstanding and conflict, and identify and minimize risk of derailment. It provides a practical toolbox for successfully managing international projects. Leading International Projects provides case studies from experienced project professionals working internationally, each offering deep insights into the challenges of cross-border projects and practical ideas on how to lead successfully. It presents the experiences of consultants and senior project management professionals and their reflections on projects that they ran. Practical guidance on managing the complex dynamics of international projects is provided through individual, team and organizational diagnostic and development tools.
Business communication : strategies and skills
E-business innovation and process management
The financial Times essential guide to business writing : how to write to engage, persuade and sell
Inventive negotiation : getting beyond yes
Business builder : intermediate teacher's resource series. Modules 1, 2, 3, Social English ; Telephoning ; Job interviews
Challenges of business negotiation communications between Finnish and Eastern European companies: a comparative study of ICT and agriculture sectors
Business Modelling for ICT based services targeted to Intellectually Disabled People
Effective e-communication : case Fortum Oil Refining Business unit
"At your convenience" : politeness strategies in quotation letters written by non-native and native speakers of English
A practical guide to business writing : writing in English for non-native speakers
Fearless facilitation : the ultimate field guide to engaging (and involving!) your audience
