http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20342 columns (articles)
columns (articles)
Defending the Arts and Humanities (not that they need defending)
Copyright-community
Dilemmas of history education in culturally diverse schools
The Finnish patient
For crying out loud! : The world according to clarkson. Volume three
Who owns music? : [notes from a spiritual journey]
From quasi-correctness to quasi-neutrality? : a critical study of eleven translations of Vieraskynä columns published in Helsingin Sanomat in 2003
Give my regards to Eighth Street : collected writings of Morton Feldman
The Washington Post hails Greil Marcus as our greatest cultural critic. Writing in the London Review of Books, D. D. Guttenplan calls him probably the most astute critic of American popular culture since Edmund Wilson. For nearly thirty years, he has written a remarkable column that has migrated from the Village Voice to Artforum, Salon, City Pages, Interview, and The Believer and currently appears in the Barnes & Noble Review. It has been a laboratory where Marcus has fearlessly explored and wittily dissected an enormous variety of cultural artifacts, from songs to books to movies to advertisements, teasing out from the welter of everyday objects what amounts to a de facto theory of cultural transmission. Published to complement the paperback edition of The History of Rock & Roll in Ten Songs, Real Life Rock reveals the critic in full: direct, erudite, funny, fierce, vivid, astute, uninhibited, and possessing an unerring instinct for art and fraud. The result is an indispensable volume packed with startling arguments and casual brilliance.
Music is not exclusively human
Letter from the house of night
The view from the ground
The day I (almost) killed two Gretzkys : ...and other off-the-wall stories about sports...and life
John Locke and Adam  Smith
Feature writing : a practical introduction
Obama : the historic front pages : from announcement to inauguration chrinicled by leading U.S. and international newspapers
Never drank the Kool-Aid : essays
Mum to mum  : happy memories and honest advice to real mum
Even more for your garden
Juice is stranger than friction : selected writings of T-Bone Slim
In your garden
Film musings : a selected anthology from Fanfare magazine
Cooking with Craig Claiborne and Pierre Franey
The Animation pimp
Select bibliography
Epiphanies : life-changing encounters with music
Craig Claiborne's favorites from the New York Times. Series 3.
Mortality
The world is flat : a brief history of the globalized world in the twenty-first century
The New York times complete Civil War, 1861-1865
The prosperous translator : advice from Fire Ant & Worker Bee
Rick, Andy, Louis and me : Microglossus
Paperweight
The portable Dorothy Parker
Real life rock : the complete top ten columns, 1986-2014
The world is flat : a brief history of the twenty-first century
Buses, bankers and the beer of revenge : an eccentric engineer collection
Rambling on love
Collects a decade of Sub pop fanzines and Seattle Rocket columns written and published by Bruce Pavitt, founder of Sub Pop Records, which later catapulted the Seattle music scene to international attention.
Cultural environments, art history, and dark heritage
You should have been here last week : sharp cuttings from garden writer
Craig Claiborne's favorites from the New York Times. Series 2.
Driven to distraction
At the jazz band ball : sixty years on the jazz scene
HUMOUR. Polite, pensive, mature, reserved ...Charlie Brooker is none of these things and less. Picking up where his hilarious Screen Burn left off, "Dawn of the Dumb" collects the best of Charlie Brooker's recent TV writing, together with uproarious spleen-venting diatribes on a range of non-televisual subjects - tackling everything from David Cameron to human hair. Rude, unhinged, outrageous, and above all funny, "Dawn of the Dumb" is essential reading for anyone with a brain and a spinal cord. And hands for turning the pages.
Hey Rube : blood sport, the Bush dictrine, and the downward spiral of dumbness : modern history from the ESPN.com sports desk
Is everyone hanging out without me? (and other concerns)
America comes of middle age : columns, 1950-1962
Under the duvet : notes on high heels, movie deals, wagon wheels, shoes, reviews, having the blues, builders, babies, families and other calamities
Notes from the sofa
Generation of swine : tales of shame and degradation in the '80s
Sub pop USA : the Subterranean pop music anthology, 1980-1988
Writing feature articles : a practical guide to methods and markets
Closing the gap of inequalities
Where I'm reading from : the changing world of books
Round the bend
Reporting America : the life of the nation 1946-2004
Can life prevail? : a radical approach to the environmental crisis
The newspapers handbook
Dawn of the dumb
The New York Times : More 60-minute gourmet
The hundred glories of French cooking
Nonrequired reading : prose pieces
And another thing... : The world according to Clarkson. Volume two
The bullfighter checks her makeup : my encounters with extraordinary people
Development in waste law?
