http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20303 missing people
missing people
The last whisper in the dark : a novel
Cemetery girl
The core of the sun
The misbegotten
Raven's gate : the graphic novel
A dance of ghosts
Lost city of the templars
Clockwork angel
Wanted : a pretty little liars novel
Where I lost her
The testament of William S.
Chosen
The Hon. Phryne Fisher, languid and slightly bored at the start of 1929, is engaged to find out if the antique-shop-owning son of a Pre-Raphaelite model has died by homicide or suicide. At the same time she is asked to discover the fate of the lost illegitimate child of a rich old lady, to the evident dislike of the remaining relatives.
Shame in the blood : a novel
The house of eyes
Concluding
Picnic at Hanging Rock
Pantheon
Resident evil 7 : biohazard : PS4
The bone collection
Pretty little things
Wylding hall
The vanished ones
The Angel Court Affair
The mysteries
The legacy
The vanishing
The magician's elephant
Killing honour
A deadly thaw
Moth girls
Every secret thing
The promise
The saffron gate
Five days to die
The trouble with goats and sheep
Blackmoor
Purgatory
The spy game
Unbelievable : a pretty little liars
The survivors
Where the bodies are buried
A game for all the family
The fates will find their way : a novel
House at the end of the street : a novel
The good parents
Mouse and the moon
The city of Voortyashtan was once the home of the goddess of death, war and destruction, but now it's little more than a ruin. General Turyin Mulaghesh is called out of retirement and sent to this hellish place to find a Saypuri secret agent who's gone AWOL in the middle of a mission. But the ghosts of past wars have followed her there, and soon she begins to wonder what happened to the souls in the afterlife when the gods were defeated by her people, the Polis. Do the dead sleep soundly in the land of death? Or do they have plans of their own?
City of the sun
On borrowed time
Monday: five-year-old Matthew Faraday is abducted. His face is splashed across newspaper front pages. His parents and the police are desperate. Can anyone help find their little boy before it is too late? Psychotherapist Frieda Klein just might know something.
The old Victorian pier was once a thing of beauty. It's also where 21-year-old Sophie Collier vanished eighteen years ago. Francesca has spent the last 20 years haunted by the disappearance of her best friend. But when she receives a phone call from Sophie's brother saying that a body has been found she knows she can't keep hiding from what happened. With her own secrets to keep, Francesca doesn't relish the idea of digging up the past or returning to Oldcliffe. But it is time to go back to where she grew up, and it looks like she isn't the only one there hiding truths.
Private Sydney
How Ali Ferguson saved Houdini
While my eyes were closed
The liminal war
Fool's assassin
When her brother, Jack, a world-traveling consultant for a coffee company, goes missing, Briar Creek library director Lindsey Norris gets mixed up in a strange case involving South American business dealings and an exotic woman.
A hard woman to kill
The winter people : a novel
Down among the dead men
Murder on a midsummer night : a Phryne Fisher mystery
Death before wicket
An empty coast
How the light gets in : chief inspector Gamache novel
East Yorkshire: Single mum Alice Lake finds a man on the beach outside her house. He has no name, no jacket, no idea what he is doing there. Against her better judgement she invites him in to her home. Surrey: Twenty-one-year-old Lily Drew has only been married for three weeks. When her new husband fails to come home from work one night she is left stranded in a new country where she knows no one. Then the police tell her that her husband never existed.
Set in an alternative historical present, in a "eusistocracy"- An extreme welfare state - that holds public health and social stability above all else, it follows a young woman whose growing addiction to illegal chili peppers leads her on an adventure into a world where love, sex, and free will are all controlled by the state.
Resident evil VII : biohazard : Xbox One
Missing persons
Lady : my life as a bitch
The porcupine of truth
Shelter : a Mickey Bolitar novel
Faithful place
The bones of Paris : a novel of suspense
Graceling
The waiting game
How the light gets in : a chief inspector Gamache novel
The moment she left
The demonologist
Eight years ago, Tess and Jake were considered a power couple of the New York publishing world--happy, in love, planning a family. Failed fertility treatments and a heartbreaking attempt at adoption have fractured their marriage and left Tess edgy and adrift. A visit to friends in rural Vermont throws Tess's world into further chaos when she sees a young, half-dressed child in the middle of the road, who then runs into the woods like a frightened deer. The entire town begins searching for the little girl. But there are no sightings, no other witnesses, no reports of missing children. As local police and Jake point out, Tess's imagination has played her false before. And yet Tess is compelled to keep looking, not only to save the little girl she can't forget but to salvage her broken heart as well.
Darkness first
Pay the ghost
The girl who disappeared twice
The lost and the found
The tilted world
Vanished
Avatar the last airbender: the search
Heartless : a pretty little liars novel
The drowning ground
Penelope Crumb follows her nose
CRIME & MYSTERY. Every secret has consequences. Autumn 2004. In Bampton, Derbyshire, Lena Fisher is arrested for suffocating her husband, Andrew. Spring 2016. A year after Lena's release from prison, Andrew is found dead in a disused mortuary. Who was the man Lena killed twelve years ago, and who committed the second murder? When Lena disappears, her sister, Kat, sets out to follow a trail of clues delivered by a mysterious teenage boy. Kat must uncover the truth - before there's another death ...A Deadly Thaw confirms Sarah Ward's place as one of the most exciting new crime writers.
The whispers in the walls
Shirley : a novel
The child thief
Missing Julia
A finder's magic
The black widow
Black butler. XVIII
Wanted : pretty little liars
The barbarian nurseries
Red templar
I found you
In Venice, a boating accident leads to the discovery of a 400 year old text bearing the signature ‘W.S.’ and promising the truth about the ‘Shakespeare mystery’. That very night, someone tries unsuccessfully to steal the precious document. The discoverer, Marquis Stefano Da Spiri, decides to send a copy of the document to a specialist of the Bard in London for stylistic authentication. As for the original, he entrusts it to an old comrade in arms from WW2: Captain Francis Blake…
Kesterly-on-Sea is full of secrets. Some are darker than others; many are shameful. One is even deadly. Andee is an ex-detective whose marriage is breaking up. So when a young female student disappears without trace, she throws herself into the search. Meanwhile, the town's beloved Rowzee Cayne has just discovered that she is terminally ill, and doesn't want to burden her family and friends with the news. Andee and Rowzee don't know it yet, but their journeys are going to help them uncover a secret. One that is going to affect them more than they could ever imagine.
Unnatural habits : Miss Fisher's murder mysteries
Magic in the blood
You were never really here
Nelly and the quest for Captain Peabody
The corn maiden and other nightmares
Stealing people
Out of range
In the cold dark ground
Without a trace
Heidi the vet fairy
Lost world
Paper towns
They disappeared
Growing up in the slums around Stockholm, Yasmine vowed to protect her little brother from harm. She broke her promise on the day she left home, abandoning Fadi to his fate: just another immigrant kid in the ghetto. It's been five years since Yasmine saw her brother, but she has thought of him every day. Then she gets a message that he is dead, killed by a US drone in Syria. But something doesn't add up. Could sweet-natured Fadi really have become a rebel soldier? And why are there rumours that he is still alive? As Stockholm erupts into the worst riots the city has ever known, Yasmine must comb the streets to find her brother, and uncover the truth. What she doesn't know is that the truth could destroy them all.
City of blades
Clockwork prince
The traitor's story
The obsidian chamber
Defiance. Book 1
The killing place
The brother
The dead tracks
Liars, Inc
Perfect remains
No going back
Spooks and scooters
The secret place
The long way home
Hannah Kelly has been missing for nine months. Ava Delaney has been dead for five days. One girl to find. One girl to avenge. And DS Aector McAvoy won't let either of them go until justice can be done. But some people have their own ideas of what justice means ... / WorldCat.
Missing Rose
Queen of the flowers
Black butler. XVII
Clouded vision
Instruments of darkness
Apocalypse scenario #683 : the box
After a harrowing otherworldly confrontation on the shores of Exmouth, Massachusetts, Special Agent A.X.L. Pendergast is missing, presumed dead. Sick with grief, Pendergast's ward, Constance, retreats to her chambers beneath the family mansion at 891 Riverside Drive only to be taken captive by a shadowy figure from the past. Proctor, Pendergast's longtime bodyguard, springs to action, chasing Constance's kidnapper through cities, across oceans, and into wastelands unknown. And by the time Proctor discovers the truth, a terrifying engine has stirred and it may already be too late.
The ice house
The line between here and gone
When fifteen-year-old American Hailey Portman goes missing in Switzerland, her desperate parents seek the help of their neighbor, Finn Harrington, a seemingly quiet historian rumored to be a former spy.  Sensing the story runs deeper than anyone yet knows, Finn reluctantly agrees to make some enquiries. He has little to go on other than his instincts, and his instincts have been wrong in the past—sometimes spectacularly wrong.  But he gets involved anyway, never imagining that Hailey’s disappearance might be linked to the tragic events that ended his career six years earlier, drawing him back into a deadly world that has neither forgiven nor forgotten.
Carnival for the dead : a Venetian mystery
The Salati case
