http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20347 film noir
film noir
Jung & film : post Jungian takes on the moving image
Blood simple
Out of the shadows : expanding the canon of classic film noir
L. A. Noire : PlayStation 3
Existentialism, film noir, and hard-boiled fiction
The Gorgon's Gaze is an interdisciplinary study of recurrent themes in German cinema as it has developed since the early twentieth century. Focusing on pertinent films of the pre- and post-World War II eras, Paul Coates explores the nature of expressionism, which is generally agreed to have ended with the advent of sound cinema, and its persistence in the styles of such modern masters of Film noir as Orson Welles and Ingmar Bergman. In considering the possibility of homologies between the necessary silence of pre-sound cinema and the widespread modernist aspiration to an aesthetic of silence, Coates relates theories of the sublime, the uncanny, and the monstrous to his subject. He also reflects upon problems of representability and the morality of representation of events that took place during the Nazi era.
Kickback city
The dark side of the screen : film noir
A comprehensive encyclopedia of film noir : the essential reference guide
Public enemies, public heroes : screening the gangster from Little Caesar to Touch of evil
Sin City
Driven to darkness : Jewish émigré directors and the rise of film noir
Detours and lost highways : a map of neo-noir
Street with no name : a history of the classic American film noir
The Gorgon's Gaze : German Cinema, Expressionism, and the Image of Horror
Hollywood's dark cinema : the American film noir
The usual suspects
Lain vartija = Detective story
The Gorgon's gaze : German cinema, expressionism, and the image of horror
Exploring classic examples of film noir such as 'The Asphalt Jungle', 'Double Indemnity' and 'Kiss Me Deadly', alongside many lesser-known works, Dimendberg masterfully interweaves film history and urban history while perceptively analyzing works by Raymond Chandler, Edward Hopper and Siegfried Kracauer.
Shots in the mirror : crime films and society
Sin City : recut & extended edition
L. A. noire : the complete edition : Xbox 360
More than night : film noir in its contexts
Critical theory and film : rethinking ideology through film noir
Dark city : the lost world of film noir
Film noir : from Berlin to Sin City
Tech-noir : the fusion of science fiction and film noir
Film noir and the cinema of paranoia
In a lonely street : film noir, genre, masculinity
Film noir and the spaces of modernity
Manhattan nocturne
Film noir : the encyclopedia
French film noir
Philosophy, black film, film noir
L. A. noire : the complete edition : PlayStation 3
High Sierra
Chinatown
"Featuring rumpled PIs, shyster lawyers, corrupt politicians, doublecrossers, femmes fatales, and of course losers who find themselves down on their luck yet again, film noir is a perennially popular cinematic genre. It is also an international one. A Comprehensive Encyclopedia of Film Noir contains the most extensive coverage yet of the US output of film noir, with entries on well over 2,000 US noirs and neonoirs. But the book goes far further than this, including entries on over a thousand films noirs from elsewhere around the world; in all, nearly sixty countries are represented--from every continent except Antarctica. The scope is broad not just in geographical terms but also chronologically. Entries cover some of noir's ancestors (protonoirs, in this book's terminology), from both Hollywood and European cinema, and make the case by example that film noir, as we can recognize it, began not in 1941 with The Maltese Falcon, as many claim, but years before.Likewise, the encyclopedia's coverage of the neonoirs of the late twentieth and early twenty-first centuries is unusually exhaustive, including movies from all over the world and from such offshoot genres as the erotic thriller, animated noir (e.g., Sin City [2005]), and sciencefictional noir (e.g., Blade Runner [1982]). In addition to over 3,250 alphabetically arranged main movie entries, the encyclopedia is supported by about 1,500 cross-references. These guide readers through the maze of alternative titles and also lead to briefer discussions of several hundred additional movies within the main entries. In a copious appendix, there are filmographies of prominent directors, actors, and writers.With coverage of blockbusters and program fillers from 1916's Going Straight to 2013's Broken City, via Nora Inu (Japan 1949), O Anthropos tou Trainou (Greece 1958), El Less Wal Kilab (Egypt 1962), Reportaje a la Muerte (Peru 1993), Zift (Bulgaria 2008), and thousands more - not to forget innumerable Hollywood classics like Citizen Kane (1941), Casablanca (1942), Double Indemnity (1944), Laura (1944), Gilda (1946) and Out of the Past (1947) - this is an engrossing and essential reference work that should be on the shelves of every cinephile." - Publisher's description.
Dark cinema : American film noir in cultural perspective
Film noir 101 : the 101 best film noir posters from the 1940s-1950s
Fatal instinct
The Devil thumbs a ride, and other unforgettable films
Film noir : a comprehensive, illustrated reference to movies, terms and persons
Kiss the blood off my hands : on classic film noir
The philosophy of film noir
Noir urbanisms : dystopic images of the modern city
The Movie book of film noir
Noir anxiety
The rough guide to film noir
Shades of noir : a reader
The big book of noir
