http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20396 peddling
peddling
Contracts for the carriage of goods by sea
Cargo for the colony : the 1797 wreck of the merchant ship Sydney Cove
Shipping, trade and commerce : essays in memory of Ralph Davis
Ocean ships
Merchant fleets in profile. 3, Union, Castle&Unon-Castle, Allan and Canadian Pacific lines
The seaborne commerce of ancient Rome : studies in archaeology and history
"This volume explores processes of colonisation and cultural integration from the end of the last Ice Age to the present from a cross-cultural and interdisciplinary perspective. All kinds of human mobility, short-distance as well as long-distance movements, short-term and long-term interactions are potential triggers for change and also cultural integration. The colonisation of an area most clearly brings into focus what kind of social fabric encompassed the actual historical processes. Recent perspectives on the social and cultural embeddedness of exchange, and how objects facilitate constructions of identities and political legitimacy, serve to frame and explicate the role of material culture in such processes. The contributions to this volume shed light on various social aspects of movement, migration and colonisation among hunter-gatherers and Neolithic groups as well as in chiefdoms and state societies. Geographically, an area spanning from the Mediterranean to Central Europe and the North Sea Region, Greenland and Siberia is covered. Three social and historical processes--the social aspects of colonisation, cultural integration and maritime interaction--are particularly discussed as interrelated phenomena"--Provided by publisher.
Dutch entries in the pound-toll registers of Elbing 1585-1700
RoRo77, London Hilton - Park Lane, 21 - 22 june 1977 : [conference papers]
Conway's history of the ship. 6, Sail's last century : the marchant sailing ship 1830-1930
Chartering and shipping terms : practical guide for steamship companies, masters, ship's officers, shipbrokers, forwarding agents, exporters, importers, insurance brokers and banks
Victorian shipping, business and imperial policy : Donald Currie, the Castle Line and Southern Africa
Indian shipping : a history of the sea-borne trade and maritime activity of the Indians from the earliest times
Review of maritime transport, 2002 : report by the UNCTAD secretariat
The world of the Indian Ocean merchant, 1500-1800 : collected essays of Ashin Das Gupta
Trade, circulation, and flow in the Indian Ocean world
Deep sea and foreign going : inside shipping, the invisible industry that brings you 90% of everything / Rose George
Sailing the wine-dark sea : international trade and the Late Bronze Age Aegean
History of pedlars in Europe
Resources and infrastructures in the maritime economy, 1500-2000
ABC of ocean freighters
The other nomads : peripathetic minorities in cross-cultural perspective
A comparative note on the Sound toll registers, Stockholm customs accounts, and Dundee shipping lists, 1589, 1613-1622
Lloyd's maritime directory. 2, Towage etc. services
From sugar triangle to cotton triangle : trade and shipping between America and Baltic Russia, 1783-1860
The shipping revolution : the modern merchant ship
Merchant fleets in profile. 1, The ships of the P&O, Orient and Blue Anchor lines
Conway's history of the ship. [3], The shipping revolution : the modern merchant ship
Foreign ocean tankers
The universal code of signals for the mercantile marine of all nations
Fairplay book of international organisations
Merchant fleets in profile. 4, The ships of the Hamburg America, Adler and Carr lines
Ab Me Group Oy Ltd catering management managerial issues
The last of the Cape Horners : firsthand accounts from the final days of the commercial tall ship
The shipping world afloat and ashore : founded on lectures delivered at the City School of Commerce, Liverpool
Maritime traders in the ancient Greek world
England's maritime empire : seapower, commerce and policy, 1490-1690
The opium clippers
Maritime India, ports and shipping
Business and law for the mariner / by Ivor R. Salter
Baltic port insight : overview of current market situation in the Baltic Sea countries and ports in ..
Topic for the thesis was founded when the author was doing internship in Viktor Lenac drydock in Rijeka, Croatia. Viktor Lenac is one of the biggest drydocks in Croatia and the Mediterranean that is specialized in class surveys, drydocking and repurposing vessels.  This qualitative research was to model sales process, juridical aspects of drydocking quotations and develops the sales process in order to achieve advantage in tight competition. Theoretical part of the thesis focuses on sales process and theory in service sales business. To theoretical part can also be added juridical aspects of drydocking in forms of classification surveys and flag state administration rules. Data for the empirical part has been collected with theme interviews inside the sales organization as well with customers and project organization. The empirical data has been fulfilled with personal experiences acquired while doing an internship inside the sales organization. The thesis in its current form is meant to be used as a tool in drydocking sales organization as well as improve the sales process to be more customer focused to achieve higher value in the drydocking sales process.
Dictionary of Trade and Technical Terms of International Shipping : English, French, Spanish
Roads taken : The great Jewish migrations to the new world and the peddlers who forged the way
Commercial management for shipmasters : a practical guide
Farthing on international shipping
India and the Indian Ocean, 1500-1800
Baltic connections : archival guide to the maritime relations of the countries around the Baltic Sea (including the Netherlands) 1450-1800.. Vol. 3, Poland, Russia, Sweden
Suomen kauppalaivasto 2006 = Finlands handelsflotta 2006 = The Finnish merchant marine 2006.
Sailing in the Aegean : readings on the economy and trade routes
Modelling and developing sales process of vessel drydocking : case: Viktor Lenac d.d
Jane's freight containers 1978 : [ports, operators, manufacturers]
The Northern Sea Route : a comprehensive analysis
Owners' and captains' code
Innovation in shipping and trade
Cargo handling at ports : a survey of the various systems in vogue, with a consideration of their respective merits
Brown's ship's accounts and captain's letter writer : also how to calculate exchange at foreign ports, with other useful information for young masters
Conway's history of the ship. [5], The advent of steam : the merchant steamship before 1900
American merchant seaman's manual : for seamen by seamen
Brown's practical pocket-book for merchant seamen
Maritime societies of the Viking and medieval world
Russian overseas commerce with Great Britain during the reign of Catherine II
The history and economics of transport
Philips' mercantile marine atlas : ... specially designed for merchant shippers, exporters & ocean travellers and for general use
Deaf peddler : Confessions of an inside man
Trampschiffahrt : Entwicklung - Bedeutung - Marktelemente = Tramp shipping : development - significance - market elements
Lords of the East : the East India Company and its ships (1600-1874)
The merchant shipping code of the Soviet Union
Development of Russian ports in the Gulf of Finland
The rise of the English shipping industry in the seventeenth and eighteenth centuries
Thomas' stowage : the properties and stowage of cargoes
Rome and India : the ancient sea trade
Merchant fleets in profile. 2, The ships of the Cunard, American, red Star, Inman, Leyland, Dominion, Atlantic Transport and Whitw Star Lines
The globalisation of the oceans : containerisation from the 1950s to the present
Merchant ships : British built : vessels of 300 tons gross and over completed in 1953.
Baltic port barometer : port development in the Baltic Sea Region, views of the Baltic ports for the year..
The Arctic in world affairs : a North Pacific dialogue on the future of the Arctic
British shipping and seamen, 1630-1960 : some studies
The East Indiamen
Baltic connections : archival guide to the maritime relations of the countries around the Baltic Sea (including the Netherlands) 1450-1800.. Vol. 2, Latvia, Lithuania, the Netherlands
Trade and civilisation in the Indian Ocean : an economic history from the rise of Islam to 1750
Help, business or piracy? Shipwrecks and salvage auctions as early modern entrepreneurship in the Gulf of Finland
Review of maritime transport, 2001 : report by the UNCTAD secretariat
Kauppalaivasto = Handelsflottan = Merchant fleet : 1996
