http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2032 endemic breeds
endemic breeds
Small world : Realms
Land and racial domination in Rhodesia
Executive summary (s. 9-17).
U.S. orientalisms : race, nation, and gender in literature, 1790-1890
Carnal knowledge and imperial power : race and the intimate in colonial rule
Nine tails to the Inaridou
European landraces : on-farm conservation, management and use / M. Veteläinen, V. Negri, N. Maxted (eds.)
Isolating apartheid : Western collaboration with South Africa : policy decisions by the World Council of Churches and church responses
Expatriate identities in postcolonial organizations : working whiteness
Human and peoples' rights for the oppressed : critical essays on theory and practice from sociology of law perspectives
Genetic variation of loin and ham quality in Finnish Landrace and Large White pigs
Youth and racist violence in the Nordic countries
Shalom and combat : a personal struggle against racism
Racism, modernity and identity : on the Western front
Local cattle breeds in Europe : development of policies and strategies for self-sustaining breeds
Comparative study on the collection of data to measure the extent and impact of discrimination within the United States, Canada, Australia, the United Kingdom and the Netherlans
Unthinking Eurocentrism : multiculturalism and the media
A history of South Africa
Policing racist crime and violence : a comparative analysis
Blacks in the Dutch world : the evolution of racial imagery in a modern society
Adding value to livestock diversity : marketing to promote local breeds and improve livelihoods
A history of Soviet Russia. [14], Foundations of a planned economy 1926-1929
Manifestations of antisemitism in the EU 2002-2003 : based on information by the National Focal Points of the EUMC-RAXEN Information Network
Subjectivity and multiculturalism in oral history
Race and aesthetics in the anthropology of Petrus Camper (1722-89)
Multiethnic Korea? : multiculturalism, migration, and peoplehood diversity in contemporary South Korea
Breaking the ice : from land claims to tribal sovereignty in the Arctic
"A collection of essays on ethnic and cultural diversity in the Korean peninsula, focusing on South Korea, including monoethnic, nationalist ideology and multiculturalism as ideology and practice, the history of migration and diaspora, transnational adoption, and interracial and interethnic relations" --Provided by publisher.
A spectrum of statistical thought : essays in statistical theory, economics and population genetics in honour of Johan Fellman ed. Gunnar Rosenqvist...[et al.]
Social geographies : space and society
Non-discrimination law : comparative perspectives
The racial idea in the independent state of Croatia : origins and theory
In search of a responsible world society : the social teachings of the World Council of Churches
Executive summary (s. 4-7).
Allies in apartheid : Western capitalism in occupied Namibia
The member states of the EU and immigration in 1994 : less tolerance and tighter control policies
Recent developments in sequencing methods have enabled whole genome sequencing of several species and the available sequence information has allowed the development of high throughput genotyping chips. However, these genotyping methods require high quality DNA. The possibility to genotype samples based on DNA from non-invasive sources would permit retrospective genotyping of previously collected samples and also facilitate the analysis of large populations e.g. for genomic selection. In this study we have developed and evaluated different DNA preparation methods from porcine hair root follicles for high throughput genotyping with the PorcineSNP60 Genotyping BeadChip (Illumina). We describe a method for DNA extraction from porcine hair root samples, which produces results from high throughput genotyping with the same high degree of accuracy as previously reported for DNA extracted from sperm, blood or tissue samples. This method was used for the genotyping of 273 hair follicle samples. When the DNA concentration was > 30 ng/µl all samples had the same high call rate ( > 99%) as sperm samples confirming the robustness of this DNA extraction method for high throughput genotyping. Our data also establishes the suitability of the PorcineSNP60 BeadChip for genotyping the Finnish Landrace population.
Nordic statements on apartheid
The silent war : imperialism and the changing perception of race
European conference on preventing racism at the workplace : Madrid, 15-16 November 1995 : proceedings
Interracial intimacy in Japan : western men and Japanese women, 1543-1900
Country report on farm animal genetic resources
Norway, Sweden, and Denmark are home to more than 90,000 transnational adoptees of Scandinavian parents raised in a predominantly white environment. This ethnography provides a unique perspective on how these transracial adoptees conceptualize and construct their sense of identity along the intersection of ethnicity, family, and national lines.
Caged warrior
Helga's Diary : a young girl's account of life in a concentration camp
Effect of milk protein polymorphism on protein composition in milk from Norwegian breed of dairy goat and Norwegian dairy cattle = Effekter av genetiske melkeprotein varianter på protein sammensetning i melk fra Norsk geit og Norsk rødt fe
Genetic diversity in North Ethiopian cattle breeds : an on-farm and molecular characterization
Everyday racism : reports from women of two cultures
Americanah
Small world : Underground
Helga's diary : a young girl's account of life in a concentration camp
A troublesome inheritance : genes, race and human history
The eye of the leopard
The use of pork from rustic pig breeds was tested to improve the quality of dry-cured fermented sausages. The quality of a salchichon/salami-type sausage manufactured with pork from Chato Murciano breed (CM) and Early White pig (EW) (Large White x Landrace breed) was compared. CM pork improved several quality characteristics of dry-cured fermented sausage. Significant (p . 0.05) differences between mean CM and EW values were found for total lipids, ash, collagen, water activity, total acidity, CIELab colour, proteolysis, fat acidity, fatty acid profile, total viable counts, lactic acid bacteria, Micrococacceae, moulds and yeasts, colour, odour, flavour, fattiness and acceptance. CM mainly intensified the reddening of sausage cuts and increased monounsaturated acids in fat. Acceptance was also better for CM, although odour and flavour were only slightly improved. The production of high-quality specialities of dry-cured meat products can contribute to the sustainable production of CM and similar rustic pig breeds, maintaining the genetic diversity of pig species.
Black light, white shadows : young people in the Nordic countries write about racism
People and animals : traditional livestock keepers : guardians of domestic animal diversity
Executive summary (s. 9-30).
Trypanotolerant cattle and livestock development in West and Central Africa. Vol. 2, Trypanotolerant cattle in the national livestock economies
Improving the quality of dry-cured sausages using pork from rustic breeds
Small world
Mabo and Australia : on recognising native title after two hundred years
Diversity : gender, color, and culture
Accounting for population admixture in genomic evaluations
The wretched of the earth
Constructing transnational and transracial identity : adoption and belonging in Sweden, Norway, and Denmark
A painted house
The annual report on the situation regarding racism and xenophobia in the member states of the EU : EUMC 2006
War without mercy : race and power in the Pacific War
Queen of nowhere
Ethnic preference and public policy in developing states
The grass is singing
"Essed provides us with compelling accounts and accessible analyses that will arm her readers with the critical capacity to recognize and challenge new forms of racism". -- Angela Y. Davis
Preventing racism at the workplace : a report on 16 European countries
The European institutions in the fight against racism : selected texts
Milk protein genotypes and milk coagulation properties of Estonian Native cattle
Bibliography on holocaust literature. Supplement, [vol. 1]
Livestock keepers : guardians of biodiversity
The Holocaust in history
Imperial leather : race, gender and sexuality in the colonial contest
Black people in the British Empire : [an introduction]
Trypanotolerant cattle and livestock development in West and Central Africa. Vol.1, The international supply and demand for breeding stock
African feminism, this landmark volume demonstrates, differs radically from the Western forms of feminism with which we have become familiar since the 1960s. African feminists are not, by and large, concerned with issues such as female control over reproduction or variation and choice within human sexuality, nor with debates about essentialism, the female body, or the discourse of patriarchy. The feminism that is slowly emerging in Africa is distinctly heterosexual, pronatal, and concerned with "bread, butter, and power" issues. Contributors present case studies of ten African states, demonstrating that - as they fight for access to land, for the right to own property, for control of food distribution, for living wages and safe working conditions, for health care, and for election reform - African women are creating a powerful and specifically African feminism.
Comparison of different DNA extraction methods from hair root follicles to genotype Finnish Landrace boars with the Illumina PorcineSNP60 BeadChip
Relic from the past - stock for the future : a Siberian case of indigenous livestock conservation
Genes from the wild : using wild genetic resources for food and raw materials
Racism and xenophobia in the EU member states : trends, developments and good practice : EUMC - annual report 2003/2004, part 2
Postcolonial criticism : history, theory and the work of fiction
A genetic study of twinning rate in Norwegian Cattle
Nordic statements on apartheid : supplement
Second decade to combat racism and racial discrimination : global compilation of national legislation against racial discrimination
My mother's lovers
Crossbreeding Bos indicus and Bos taurus for milk production in the tropics
African feminism : the politics of survival in Sub-Saharan Africa
Executive summary (s. 9-24).
Imagining insiders : Africa and the question of belonging
Mugabe and the white African
Sakha Ynaga : Cattle of the Yakuts
