http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p203 reality television
reality television
Reality Boy : a novel
The Hunger Games companion : the unofficial guide to the bestselling Hunger Games series
The Truman show
TV Transformations : revealing the makeover show
The fourth wall
Snowboarding
Get real
Big Brother international : formats, critics and publics
A moment like this
No humans involved
Willow the Duckling
It's up to you New York
Makeover TV : selfhood, citizenship, and celebrity
Chart throb
The corset diaries
Happily ever after
Reality TV has changed television and changed reality, even if we are not among the millions who watch. Written for a broad audience, this accessible overview addresses questions such as: How real is reality TV? How do its programs represent gender, sex, class, and race? How does reality TV relate to politics, to consumer society, to surveillance? What kind of ethics are on display? Drawing on current media research and the author's own analysis, this study encompasses the history and evolution of reality television, its production of reflexive selves and ordinary celebrity, its advertising.
Women or girls in reality television? : translating references to females in the reality dating show Love Connection
Welcome to the real world
The Selection changed America Singer's life in ways she never could have imagined. Since she entered the competition to become the next princess of Illéa, America has struggled with her feelings for her first love, Aspen -- and her growing attraction to Prince Maxon. Now she's made her choice... and she's prepared to fight for the future she wants / WorldCat.
Jack is a boy with a big problem but one day he meets a man who says he has the answer. He just has to do one terrible thing and his problems will be solved. But will Jack go through with it / WorldCat.
Reality squared : televisual discourse on the real
Sugar and spice : an L.A. candy novel
The fame game
The elite
Television, audiences and everyday life
The Truman Show
Infamous
Reality check
Cultural studies of the modern Middle Ages
Steven Seagal : lawman. Season one. Disc 1
A charmed life
Media, passion and humanitarian reality television / Kaarina Nikunen
Lost and found
The gallow's bird
The television genre book
Chaos choreography : an InCryptid novel
Revealing the love, heartbreak, and reality behind reality television, a former "Bachelor" contestant who quickly became the biggest villain in the history of the show, dishes on her fellow contestants and what really happened on and off the cameras.
Sweet little lies : an L. A. Candy novel
For real
Reality TV : realism and revelation
The Heir
Mountain Biking
The look of love
Reality TV : an insider's guide to tv's hottest market
Steven Seagal : lawman. Season one. Disc 2
Falling fast
Sugar and spice
Naked and marooned : one man, one island
The girl you think I am
Survivor lessons : essays on communication and reality television
Christmas at Carrington's
Better living through reality TV : television and post-welfare citizenship
The hunger games
Flagging Finnishness : reproducing national identity in reality television
Spectacle of  the real : From Hollywod to Reality TV and Beyond
Ape house : a novel
The one
L.A. Candy
Broadcast sponsorship; modifying brand image and expanding target audience through programme choice
Narrative across media : the languages of storytelling
Countdown
Reality TV : the work of being watched
The cinderella murder : an under suspicion novel
The Elite
Voyeur nation : media, privacy, and peering in modern culture
L. A. Candy
The selection stories : the prince & the guard
"Genre is central to understanding the industrial context and visual form of television. This new edition of the key textbook on television genre brings together leading international scholars to provide an accessible and comprehensive introduction to the debates, issues and concerns of the field. Structured in eleven sections, The television genre book introduces the concept of 'genre' itself and how it has been understood in television studies, and then addresses the main televisual genres in turn: drama, soap opera, comedy, news, documentary, reality television, children's television, animation and popular entertainment." -- Back cover.
Whitewater rafting
Ape house
Reality TV
The Hunger games
I didn't come here to make friends : confessions of a reality show villain
The selection series collection : The Selection / The Elite / The One / The Guard / The Prince
Sex, drugs, and cocoa puffs : a low culture manifesto
The crown
I'm SO not a pop star
One by one
Law and the media : the future of an uneasy relationship
The stranger
My totally secret diary : reality TV nightmare
Real talk : reality television and discourse analysis in action
The Selection
Deadliest catch. The complete first season
Reality TV : audiences and popular factual television
Reality TV : remaking television culture
Charlotte Crosby has been one of the UK's best-loved TV stars since she burst onto the celeb scene in 2011 with Geordie Shore. Laugh-out-loud hilarious, genuine, and a proper Geordie, Charlotte's popularity has even seen her crowned winner of 2013's Celebrity Big Brother. With her trademark humour and warmth, in ME ME ME Charlotte takes us on a very unique journey through her eventful teenage years (where literally nothing is off limits!), her attempts at holding down jobs (and booze), the life-changing experience of Geordie Shore, the truth about Gaz and his parsnip, and her inspiring weight-loss triumph. Full of drawings, doodles, and Charlotte's personal photos, this will be unlike any other celebrity autobiography on the market. Extremely personal, insanely honest and pant-wettingly funny.
Drama power on the rise? : US soft power may increase as a function of Washington dysfunction
The reality of reality TV / : reality show business plans
The Selection. Book 1, The Selection Series : [Elektroninen aineisto
A head full of ghosts
Ms. Beard is weird!
The One
The Selection Stories: The Prince And the Guard
The hunger games. 1
Down the rabbit hole : curious adventures and cautionary tales of a former Playboy bunny
Remote control : Indian television in the new millennium
A companion to reality television
Reality television and Arab politics : contention in public life
Media in enhancing physical activities : the case study "Dynamic Duo"
Making media work : cultures of management in the entertainment industries
Manhunt with Joel Lambert
Worst. Person. Ever
Old school ties
"At 21, small-town Oregon girl Holly Sue Cullen became Holly Madison, Hugh Hefner's number one girlfriend. But like Alice's journey into Wonderland, Holly's plunge down the rabbit hole took her to a world where all was not as it seemed. The fairy-tale life inside the Playboy Mansion -- which included A-list celebrity parties and starring in a number one television show -- quickly devolved into an oppressive routine of strict rules, manipulation, and battles with ambitious, backstabbing Bunnies that nearly drove Holly to take her own life. Down the rabbit hole is her introspective account of her time inside the Mansion: the drugs, abuse, infamous parties, and Holly's real behind-the-scenes life with Bridget, Kendra, and Mr. Playboy himself. It is also her chronicle of healing and hope. By telling her story, both a cautionary tale and a celebration of personal empowerment, Holly reminds us of the importance of fighting for our dreams -- and finding the life we deserve."--Back cover.
100% unofficial tribute to The hunger games
Importance of pre-production to the efficiency of a reality TV production : case Banijay Finland
The heir
