http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20324 freedom of choice
freedom of choice
The tyranny of choice
Challenging choices : ideology, consumerism and policy
Nudge : improving decisions about health, wealth, and happiness
A good life : philosophy from cradle to grave
Life is strange : PlayStation 4
What is addiction?
"Talk of 'spirituality' and 'individual religion' is proliferating both in popular discourse and scholarly works. Increasingly people claim to be 'spiritual but not religious,' or to prefer 'individual religion' to 'organized religion.' Scholars have for decades noted the phenomenon - primarily within the middle class - of individuals picking and choosing elements from among various religious traditions, forming their own religion or spirituality for themselves. While the topics of 'spirituality' and 'individual religion' are regularly treated as self-evident by the media and even some scholars of religion, Capitalizing Religion provides one of the first critical analyses of the phenomenon, arguing that these recent forms of spirituality are in many cases linked to capitalist ideology and consumer practices. Examining cases such as Eckhart Tolle's The Power of Now, and Karen Berg's God Wears Lipstick, Craig Martin ultimately argues that so-called 'individual religion' is a religion of the status quo or, more critically, 'an opiate of the bourgeoisie.' Capitalizing Religion: Ideology and Opiate of the Bourgeoisie is a landmark publication in critical religious studies"--
Mindset, moral choice and sin in the anthropology of John Chrysostom
Matter and memory : Henri Bergson [member of the institute, professon at the college de France; authorized translation by Nancy Margaret Paul and W. Scott Palmer]
Abstract: The voucher game : a case study of elderly service voucher users freedom of choise in a home care context.
Life is strange : PS4 : limited edition
Why psychonalysis? : three interventions
Fair governance : paternalism and perfectionism
A measure of freedom
Tough choices : structured paternalism and the landscape of choice
Philosophy and happiness
Sinners by nature or sinners by choice are the traditional positions of Western and (Near) Eastern branches of the Church. John Chrysostom, an early fifth century Bishop of Constantinople, took the latter position. Having gained a basic anthropology from his training in the Greek paideia, he understood the mindset to be the centre of responsibility of the person. Then the person with a renewed mindset sets about shaping it to be conformed to the image of Christ.
Freedom of choice
Bodily integrity and conceptions of subjectivity
Life is strange : Xbox One : limited edition
Invisible influence : the hidden forces that shape behavior
Freedom rising : human empowerment and the quest for emancipation
Self-determined learning : heutagogy in action
Notes on democracy and the citizen's free choice
Rational choice and psychology in crisis decision-making
Life is strange : Xbox One
Addiction : a disorder of choice
The caged virgin : a muslim woman's cry for reason
In a book sure to inspire controversy, Gene Heyman argues that conventional wisdom about addiction - that it is a disease, a compulsion beyond conscious control - is wrong. Drawing on psychiatric epidemiology, addicts' autobiographies, treatment studies, and advances in behavioral economics, Heyman makes a powerful case that addiction is voluntary. He shows that drug use, like all choices, is influenced by preferences and goals. But just as there are successful dieters, there are successful ex-addicts. In fact, addiction is the psychiatric disorder with the highest rate of recovery. But what ends an addiction? At the heart of Heyman's analysis is a startling view of choice and motivation that applies to all choices, not just the choice to use drugs. The conditions that promote quitting a drug addiction include new information, cultural values, and, of course, the costs and benefits of further drug use. Most of us avoid becoming drug dependent, not because we are especially rational, but because we loathe the idea of being an addict. Heyman's analysis of well-established but frequently ignored research leads to unexpected insights into how we make choices - from obesity to McMansionization - all rooted in our deep-seated tendency to consume too much of whatever we like best. As wealth increases and technology advances, the dilemma posed by addictive drugs spreads to new products. However, this remarkable and radical book points to a solution. If drug addicts typically beat addiction, then non-addicts can learn to control their natural tendency to take too much.
The art of choosing
Kant and the limits of autonomy
The myth of choice : personal responsibility in a world of limits
Choise and religion : a critique of rational choise theory
Matter and memory
Americans are fixated on the idea of choice. Our political theory is based on the consent of the governed. Our legal system is built upon the argument that people freely make choices and bear responsibility for them. And what slogan could better express the heart of our consumer culture than "Have it your way"? In this book, the author poses unsettling questions about the choices we make. What if they are more constrained and limited than we like to think? If we have less free will than we realize, what are the implications for us as individuals and for our society? To uncover the answers, he taps into scholarship on topics ranging from brain science to economics, political theory to sociology. His discoveries, told through an array of news events, personal anecdotes, crime stories, and legal decisions, confirm that many factors, conscious and unconscious, limit our free will. Worse, by failing to perceive them we leave ourselves open to manipulation. But he offers useful suggestions to help us become better decision makers as individuals, and to ensure that in our laws and public policy we acknowledge the complexity of choice.
But if you desire God and his messenger : the concept of choice in Sahih al-Bukhari
Childcare markets : can they deliver an equitable service?
Measures of freedom of choice
Market citizenship : experiments in democracy and globalization
Manufacturing discontent : the trap of individualism in corporate society
Hobbes and Bramhall on liberty and necessity
My adventure island
The quality of freedom
Becoming human
Secularism and freedom of conscience
Everything I know I learned from TV : philosophy for unrepentant couch potato
The era of choice : the ability to choose and its transformation of contemporary life
Capitalizing religion : ideology and the opiate of the bourgeoisie
Free to choose : a personal statement
Creation ethics : reproduction, genetics, and quality of life
But if you desire God and his messenger : the concept of choice in Ṣaḥīḥ al-Bukhārī
"This book presents a comprehensive theory of why human freedom gave way to increasing oppression since the invention of states - and why this trend began to reverse itself more recently, leading to a rapid expansion of universal freedoms and democracy. Drawing on a massive body of evidence, the author tests various explanations of the rise of freedom, providing convincing support of a well-reasoned theory of emancipation. The study demonstrates multiple trends toward human empowerment, which converge to give people control over their lives. Most important among these trends is the spread of "emancipative values," which emphasize free choice and equal opportunities. The author identifies the desire for emancipation as the origin of the human empowerment trend and shows when and why this desire grows strong; why it is the source of democracy; and how it vitalizes civil society, feeds humanitarian norms, enhances happiness, and helps redirect modern civilization toward sustainable development"--
Evaluating public management reforms : priciples and practice
Freedom and determinism
