http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20379 astrologers
astrologers
Karmic astrology : the karma of the now. Vol. 4.
The arch-conjuror of England : John Dee and magic at the courts of Renaissance Europe
Argues that the Elizabethan polymath John Dee was not the influential intellectual he was purported to be. This book traces the course of Dee's life showing how he was a marginal figure and his works had little lasting value. It also provides a useful historiographical summation of Dee's life and career.
Relationships & life cycles : modern dimensions of astrology
How to practice Mayan astrology : the Tzolkin calendar and your life path
The complete guide to Chinese astrology : the most comprehensive study of the subject ever published in the english language
Astrology : mundane and spiritual
Unpropitious titles of Mars in Mesopotamian scholarly tradition
The secrets of Nostradamus : the Medieval code of the Master revealed in the age of computer science
Life signs : let the power of the stars guide you to success
A reputation history of John Dee, 1527-1609 : the life of an Elizabethan intellectual
The astrologer's handbook
The living universe and the new millennium : lectures
Outlandish alchemist and magician, political intelligencer, apocalyptic prophet, and converser with angels, John Dee (1527-1609) was one of the most colourful and controversial figures of the Tudor world. In this fascinating book - the first full-length biography of Dee based on primary historical sources - Glyn Parry explores Dee's vast array of political, magical, and scientific writings and finds that they cast significant new light on policy struggles in the Elizabethan court, conservative attacks on magic, and Europe's religious wars. John Dee was more than just a fringe magus, Parry shows: he was a major figure of the Reformation and Renaissance.
Astrology for lovers
The secret language of birthdays : unique personality guides for each day of the year
From astral omens to astrology from Babylon to Bīkāner
The Aztec book of destiny : with 370 original illustrations by the author
The circle of stars
Astrology : the celestial mirror
The 12 Chinese animals : create harmony in your daily life through ancient Chinese wisdom
Galileo's astrology
Kabalistic astrology : being the hebraic method of divination by the power of sound, number, and planetary influence
State archives of Assyria. Vol. 8, Astrological reports to Assyrian kings
Your secret self : illuminating the mysteries of the Twelfth House
Jaimini sutram of Maharshi Jaimini
Earth medicine : revealing hidden teachings of the native American medicine wheel
The greatness of Saturn : a therapeutic mythic
Chinese mathematical astrology : reaching out to the stars
Wisdom in the stars
Manilius and his intellectual background
Dr. Ernest Drake's Monsterology : the complete book of fabulous beasts
Planets in aspect : understanding your inner dynamics
The secret language of birthdays : personology profiles for each day of the year
Astrology decoded : a step-by-step guide to using astrology
Ancient astrology
The encyclopedia of astrology
The history and practice of magic
History of Western astrology. vol. 2, Medieval and modern worlds
Cardano : the gambling scholar
Astrology and cosmology in early China : conforming earth to heaven
Light on life : an introduction to the astrology of India
Astrology
Isis Sophia. 3, Our relationship with the stars
Cardano's cosmos : the worlds and works of a Renaissance astrologer
Hindu astrology : myths symbols and realities
A history of magic and experimental science. Volume 4, Fourteenth and fifteenth centuries
History, prophecy, and the stars : the Christian astrology of Pierre d'Ailly, 1350-1420
Esoteric astrology
Bad birthdays : the truth behind your crappy sun sign
The secret language of the stars and planets : a visual key to celestial mysteries
Mesopotamian astrology : an introduction to Babylonian and Assyrian celestial divination
Esoteric psychology. 2
Studies in Jaimini astrology
Astrology in medieval manuscripts
Riddle of the aquarian age
Astrology : a history
Anthroposophy and astrology : the astronomical letters of Elisabeth Vreede
The science of astrology. by H. A. Hartley
Vettius Valens of Antioch : an intellectual monography
Death in transit
Astro-logos : revelations of a Hindu astrologer
Early Christianity and ancient astrology
2012 in your pocket
Serious men
Death in the 12th house : where Neptune rules
Wo shu zhu = I was born in the year of the pig
Architecture / Astrology
Medicine and magic in Elizabethan England : Simon Forman - astrologer, alchemist, and physician
The 1999 guide to Feng Shui and Chinese astrology
Reading the human body : physiognomics and astrology in the Dead Sea Scrolls and Hellenistic-early Roman period Judaism
Planets in transit : life cycles for living
Patterns of destiny : Hindu nadi astrology
Vedic astrology simply put : an illustrated guide to the astrology of ancient India
A history of western astrology
The handbook of Chinese horoscopes
Astrology : from ancient Babylon to the present
Astrological prognoses for the year 2010
Astrology and numerology in medieval and early modern Catalonia : the Tractat de prenostication de la vida natural dels hòmens
Hymns to ancient gods
The Chinese astrology bible:  the definitive guide to using the chinese zodiac
Astrology and religion among the Greeks and Romans
Astrology and jyotirvidya : the fundamental principles and the systems of prognosis
The nakshatras : the lunar mansion of vedic astrology
Fundamentals of Hindu astrology
Moonology : working with the magic of lunar cycles
Hindu astrology lessons : 36 teachers share their wisdom
A brief history of ancient astrology
Astrology of the seers : a guide to vedic/hindu astrology
History of Western astrology. vol. 1, Ancient and classical worlds
Isis Sophia. 1, Introducing astrosophy : monthly astronomical letters April 1944 - March 1946
A Companion to Astrology in the Renaissance
Agamben and the signature of astrology : spheres of potentiality
The complete astrological handbook for the twenty-first century : understanding and combining the wisdom of Chinese, Tibetan, Vedic, Arabian, Judaic, and western astrology
"Did you know the cycles of the moon have a huge effect on our health, our mood, our relationships, and our work? By understanding these phases, we can work with them to improve and empower every aspect of our lives. In Moonology, world-renowned astrologist Yasmin Boland unveils: why connecting with the moon can change your life for the better; powerful rituals and ceremonies for each moon phase; how the moon connects us to nature and the cosmos; how to work out where the moon is in each cycle; international New Moon and Full Moon dates for the next 10 years. You will also learn affirmations, visualizations, and chants to use during each phase of the moon, and will discover the role of Angels, Goddesses, and Ascended Masters during the New and Full Moons. This is a book for all those wishing to deepen their connection with nature and take their spiritual practice to a new level."--Publisher's information.
Rtsis rigs sna tshogs nyer mkho phyogs bsdebs : A compendium of astrological texts used in Tibetan Buddhism
Esoteric psychology. 1
