http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20315 motorcyclists
motorcyclists bikers (motorcyclists)
Abstract: Crash violence within the traffic system : risks and their reduction on regional and connecting roads.
GTO : great teacher Onizuka. Vol. 3
Iron horsemen
GTO : great teacher Onizuka. Vol. 4
Outlaw biker : a sort of history
GTO : great teacher Onizuka. Vol. 7
Action-packed thriller. Tom's in trouble - the dam has burst! Can he escape the thundering rush of water in time? Or will a mysterious moto and driver come to his rescue? Particularly suitable for struggling, reluctant and dyslexic readers aged 12+ / WorldCat.
"After forty years in the Hells Angels, George Christie was ready to retire. As the president of the high-profile Ventura chapter of the club, he had been the yin to Sonny Barger's yang. Barger was the reckless figurehead and de facto world leader of the Angels. Christie was the negotiator, the spokesman, the thinker, the guy who smoothed things out. He was the one who carried the Olympic torch and counted movie stars, artists, the Grateful Dead and police chief captains among his friends. But leaving isn't easy, and within two weeks of retirement he was told he was "out bad," blackballed by his fellow Angels, prohibited from wearing the club patch, even told he should remove his Death's Head tattoo. Now, Christie's set out to tell his story. Exile on Front Street is the tale of how a middle-class electrician gave up a comfortable job with the Department of Defense and swore allegiance to the Hells Angels. In this action-packed, hard-hitting memoir, he recounts his life as an outlaw biker with the world's most infamous motorcycle club"--
The total motorcycling manual
Down and out in Patagonia, Kamchatka and Timbuktu : Greg Frazier's round and round and round the world motorcycle journey
Motorcycle jackets : a century of leather design
GTO : great teacher Onizuka. Vol. 2
Jarno Saarinen : the flying Finn = der fliegende Finne
GTO. Vol. 4 / [translator: Dan Papia] : great teacher Onizuka
GTO. Vol. 1 / [translator: Dan Papia] ; [English adaptation: Santiago Hernandez, Jr.] : great teacher Onizuka
Born to be wild : Harleys, bikers & music for easy riders
The story of Finnish bikers
Deadly decisions
Exile on Front Street : my life as a Hells Angel
Finnish motorcycle TT-Suomen Grand Pix : kolme vuosikymmentä kuvina = three decades in pictures
Hell's angels
GTO : great teacher Onizuka. Vol. 1
Valentino Rossi : portrait of a speed god
GTO : great teacher Onizuka. Vol. 10
GTO. Vol. 3 / [translator: Dan Papia] : great teacher Onizuka
The fat mexican: the bloody rise of the bandidos motorcycle club
Satan's Choice : my life as a hard core biker with Satan's Choice and Hells Angels
GTO. Vol. 9 / [translator & English adaptation: Dan Papia] : great teacher Onizuka
GTO. Vol. 10 / [translator & English adaptation Dan Papia] : great teacher Onizuka
The place beyond the pines
Finnish motocycle TT : Grand Prix : kolme vuosikymmentä kuvina = Grand Prix : three decades in pictures
Reframing pilgrimage : cultures in motion
The mammoth book ot bikers
GTO : great teacher Onizuka. Vol. 8
Road rage
An evaluation of the potential of e-coaching for riders
GTO : great teacher Onizuka. Vol. 9
GTO. Vol. 6 / [translator: Dan Papia] : great teacher Onizuka
GTO : great teacher Onizuka. Vol. 5
GTO : great teacher Onizuka. Vol. 6
Traffic safety of vulnerable road users in urban areas.
Born to be wild : the rise of the American motorcyclist
