http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20334 synesthesia
synesthesia
The handbook of multisensory processes
The tell-tale brain : tales of the unexpected from inside your mind
The hidden sense : synesthesia in art and science / Cretien van Campen
Synesthesia : perspectives from cognitive neuroscience
Art and the senses
Fields of blue
Synaesthesia and the ancient senses
Analysing musical multimedia
Why red doesn't sound like a bell : understanding the feel of consciousness
Synaesthesia : the strangest thing
The chimes
Afraid that she is crazy, thirteen-year-old Mia, who sees a special color with every letter, number, and sound, keeps this a secret until she becomes overwhelmed by school, changing relationships, and the loss of something important to her.
The hidden sense : synesthesia in art and science
A mango-shaped space : a novel
Mondrian variations : piano and samplerworks
A colorful world under the nose : designing for olfactory brand experience
Born on a blue day : a memoir of Asperger's and an extraordinary mind
Visual music : synaesthesia in art and music since 1900
"In The Hidden Sense, Cretien van Campen explores synesthesia from both artistic and scientific perspectives, looking at accounts of individual experiences, examples of synesthesia in visual art, music, and literature, and recent neurological research." "Van Campen reports that some studies define synesthesia as a brain impairment, a short circuit between two different areas. But synesthetes cannot imagine perceiving in any other way; many claim that synesthesia helps them in daily life. Van Campen investigates just what the function of synesthesia might be and what it might tell us about our own sensory perceptions. He examines the experiences of individual synesthetes - from Patrick, who sees music as images and finds the most beautiful ones spring from the music of Prince, to the schoolgirl Sylvia, who is surprised to learn that not everyone sees the alphabet in colors as she does. And he finds suggestions of synesthesia in the work of Seriabin, Van Gogh, Kandinsky, Nabokov, Poe, and Baudelaire." "What is synesthesia? It is not, van Campen concludes, an audiovisual performance, a literary technique, an artistic trend, or a metaphor. It is, perhaps, our hidden sense - a way to think visually; a key to our own sensitivity."--BOOK JACKET.
Wireless imagination : sound, radio, and the avant-garde
The senses play a vital role in our health, our social interactions, and in enjoying food, music and the arts. The book provides an interdisciplinary overview of the senses, ranging from the neuroscience of sensory processing in the body, to the role of the senses in the arts.
Cold smell, white touch and the beautiful braille : a multisensory approach to visual art
Synesthesia : a union of the senses
Developing number sense through imagery : an intuitive approach for children
Art, history and the senses : 1830 to the present
Synesthetic design : handbook for a multi-sensory approach
