http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20360 wartime economy
wartime economy
The problem of war in nineteenth century : economic thought
The Middle East Supply Centre
A traveller's history of Spain
The financial relations between the Spanish government and Great Britain : three articles from The Financial News
Policy and economic performance in divided Korea during the Cold War era : 1945-91
Unconventional warfare in South Asia, 1947 to the present
Britain's war machine : weapons, resources and experts in the second world war
Military expenditure : the political economy of international security
Budgeting for disarmament : the costs of war and peace
The measure of civilisation : how social development decides the fate of nations
Study in sisu
Greed & grievance : economic agendas in civil wars
Hitler's foreign workers : enforced foreign labor in Germany under the third reich
Exploitation, resettlement, mass murder : political and economic planning for German occupation policy in the Soviet Union, 1940-1941
The economic struggle for power in Tito's Yugoslavia : from World War II to non-alignment
Introduction to global politics
Private entrepreneurship and the state : discursive power struggles during the regulated economy 1939-1949
Canadian agriculture in war and peace, 1935-50
Modern jihad : tracing the dollars behind the terror networks
The German economy at war
Glasgow Media Group reader. Vol. 2, Industry, economy, war and politics
Gaps in the iron curtain : economic relations between neutral and socialist countries in cold war Europe
Power politics and oil as determinants of transition : The  case of Azerbaijan
Japan prepares for total war : the search for economic security, 1919-1941
The wages of destruction : the making and breaking of the Nazi economy
Economic security and the origins of the cold war, 1945-1950
Conventional warfare in South Asia, 1947 to the present
Russian military capability in a ten-year perspective : 2011
A concise history of modern Korea : from the late nineteenth century to the present
A call to arms : mobilizing America for World War II
The economic consequences of the Gulf war
The economics of World War I
The rise and fall of British naval mastery
Azerbaijan is a post-socialist transition country affected by regional tensions similar to those found in Armenia, Georgia, Tajikistan, Macedonia and Croatia.This article examines the historical background of a specific source of tensions, namely the Nagorno-Karabakh issue, its legacies and significance for the economic transition of Azerbaijan.The Azerbijani economy has been among those to suffer most after the demise of the Soviet Union. These legacies underlie Azerbaijan's current situation whereby macroeconomic policies and structural reforms are driven by developments in exploration and exploitation of the Caspian hydrocarbon resources.The author finds evidence that economic and commercial cooperation can reduce political risks and discourage nationalistic power politics both in domestic and international contexts.  A firm and continuing commitment by the Azerbaijani government to pursue the process of economic transition combined with peace and stability in the region is necessary for the progress of transition.The rate of reform appears to be critical for the transition process in Azerbaijan and the Caucasus generally.Rapid economic growth fuelled by the expected influx of oil revenues could find Azerbaijan ill prepared to lock in the quality and sustainability of such economic growth.Subsequent papers in this series will deal with the implications for economic development, process of transition, structural reforms in Azerbaijan.**  The historical analysis brings up some interesting parallelisms with the ones seen in the recent Balkan crisis.  Keywords: Azerbaijan, oil, international organizations, transition economies .
Rationed life : science, everyday life and working-class politics in the Bohemian lands, 1914-1918
A century of war : Anglo-American oil politics and the new world order
Military spending : facts and figures, worldwide implications and future outlook
Accounting for war : Soviet production, employment, and the defence burden, 1940-1945
Guinea-Bissau : war, reconstruction and reform
New & old wars
Humanitarian emergencies and warlord economies in Liberia and Sierra Leone. William Reno
Ukraine and integration in the east : economic, military and military-industrial relations
Britain's economic growth 1920-1966
Warfare in Eastern Europe, 1500-1800
The Soviet home front, 1941-1945 : a social and economic history of the USSR in World War II
Delivering the goods : the art of managing your supply chain
The economic and social impact of reductions in defence spending and military forces on the regions of the Community
In the friendliest manner : German-Danish economic cooperation during the Nazi occupation of 1940-1949
Handbook of defense economics. Vol. 2, Defense in a globalized world
Iraq since 1958 : from revolution to dictatorship
The neutrals and World War One
Agriculture in England : a survey of farming, 1870-1947
A traveller's history of Cyprus
Political History of Belgium : from 1830 onwards
Poland : a modern history
Appeasing bankers : financial caution on the road to war
The Baltic : a new history of the region and its people
An economic background to Munich : international business and Czechoslovakia 1918-1938
I see a new China
A traveller's history of Portugal
The economic consequences of the peace
The founding of the Dutch Republic : war, finance, and politics in Holland, 1572-1588
The Cambridge history of the First World War. / Volume 2, The state
On the Finnish War economy during World War II
Castles, battles, & bombs : how economics explains military history
The economics of World War II : six great powers in international comparison
"The twentieth century has been interpreted as a short century marked by extremes. According to this view, the century lasted only from 1914 to 1989 or 1991. These dates coincide with the rise and fall of communism that came to power in Russia in 1917 and ended with the fall of the Berlin wall (1989) or that of the Soviet Union (1991). Thus, the concept of a short century is unduly influenced by a Cold War perspective. In Europe's Long Century, Spencer Di Scala presents an alternative view that will be more helpful to undergraduate history students in the twenty-first-century: namely, that twentieth century Europe was actually a "long" century lasting approximately from 1900 to 2000 with patterns and antecedents discernible before the century began and that continue to be elaborated today. Europe's Long Century integrates the histories of Eastern Europe, Scandinavia, and the Balkans that are often neglected in similar treatments. It also thoroughly covers the role of science in shaping modern European life, and the book's "biographical sketches" profile the lives of important--though not always well known--people who influenced Europe's long century "-- publisher
Effects of the war on economic and social life in Finland
Kotirintaman naiset. kausi 2 / ceated by Roland Moore
Accounting at war : the politics of military finance
Growth of the international economy, 1820-2015
Sierra Leone after the war : reconstruction, aid and corruption
John Maynard Keynes and international relations : economic paths to war and peace
New and old wars : organized violence in a global era
The handbook on the political economy of war
Congress and the munitions merchants : the secret committee of trade during the American revolution, 1775-1777
The business of war : military enterprise and military revolution in early modern Europe
Katalog bon graždanskoj vojny v Rossii (1917-1922) : denežnye znaki obâzatel'nogo mestnogo obraŝeniâ = Catalogue of Banknotes of the Civil War in Russia (1917-1922) : local government and municipal issues. Tom 1, Sever i severo-zapad Rossii, Pribaltika, Centr Rossii i Belorussiâ = Northern and Northwestern Russia, Baltics, Central Russia and Byelorussia
Iran and Iraq : war, society and politics 1980-1986
War, industry and society : the Midlands, 1939-45
The economic history of Eastern Europe 1919-1975. Vol. 2, Interwar policy, the war and reconstruction
Germany and the Second World War. vol. 9/1, German wartime society 1939-1945 : politicization, disintegration, and the struggle for survival
The Holocaust industry : reflections on the exploitation of Jewish suffering
The Nuclear shadow over South Asia, 1947 to the present
Europe's long century : society, politics, and culture 1900-present
Accounting is frequently portrayed as a value-free mechanism for allocating resources and ensuring they are employed in the most efficient manner. Contrary to this popular opinion, the research presented in Accounting at War demonstrates that accounting for military forces is primarily a political practice. Throughout history, military force has been so pervasive that no community of any degree of complexity has succeeded in surviving without an army. Through to the present day, for all nation states, accounting for the military and its operations has primarily served broader political purposes. From the Crimean War to the War on Terror, accounting has been used to assert civilian control over the military, instill rational business practices on war, and create the visibilities and invisibilities necessary to legitimize the use of force. Accounting at War emphasizes the significant power that financial and accounting controls gave to political elites and the impact of these controls on military performance. Accounting at War examines the effects of these controls in wars such as the Crimean, South African and Vietnam Wars. Accounting at War also emphasizes how accounting has provided the means to rationalize and normalize violence, which has often contributed to the acceleration and expansion of war. Aimed at researchers and academics in the fields of accounting, accounting history, political management and sociology, Accounting at War represents a unique and critical perspective to this cutting-edge research field.
Measuring Stalin's strength during total war : U.S. and British intelligence on the economic and military potential of the Soviet Union during the Second World War, 1939-45
Abstract: Investors have stayed away from the African continent for a very long time and rightfully so. The continent is fraught with civil unrest from Somalia to Sudan, from Libya to Democratic Republic of Congo. Most of the countries that are experiencing civil unrests are resource-rich nations. This gives credence to the concept of 'resource curse' for resource-rich nations. Sierra Leone is no exception, having suffered an eleven-year long civil war, from 1991 to 2002, causing major setbacks for the country, from loss of lives to a disrupted economic system. However, with the speed of economic growth around the world, Africa has become an important entity with its vast natural resource deposits. The world needs Africa to fuel its economic growth, which has seen the influence and presence of China, with the fastest growing economy, see significant growth on the continent. Sierra Leone now enjoys some stability and its economy steadily growing. With the recent discovery of two oil wells off the coasts of Freetown is bound to see more FDI coming the country's way. The country also has embarked on reopening some of its mines that were closed because of the civil war. The country is expected to start negotiating for mining and exploration contracts. For the past 50 years, China has been working hard to strategically position itself in Africa and developed important bilateral relationships to maintain a strong foothold on the continent. China has become Africa's leading single donor, on a continent that largely depends on aid; this is a major advantage for the Asian giant. Western and Chinese aid are both aimed at the same goal, the UN's Millennium Development Goals (MDG). However, there are significant differences in their policies and implementations. The difference can be found in their conditions and/or what they are tied to (place or company to spend it with).
War as business : technological change and military service contracting
Conflict, corruption, perception, remedies : (the role of the United Nations in war economies)
"The Korean peninsula during the Cold War provided a cruel but historically unparalleled real-world "experiment" in the relationship between polity and material advance: an ethnically and culturally homogenous nation was, in 1945, suddenly divided by an arbitrary boundary line and then subjected to two radically different and adversarial political economies for successive decades on end. Assessing the competition between the North and South Korean economies from partition to the end of the Soviet era, Nicholas Eberstadt argues that the storyline is not quite as simple as the now-prevailing narrative suggests (that centrally-planned economies are doomed to fail against market-oriented alternatives). Rather, he suggests, the race for material progress was just that: a race, the results of which were far from preordained at the outset. In Policy and Economic Performance in Divided Korea during the Cold War Era: 1945-91, Eberstadt presents an impressive compilation of hard-to-find comparative data on economic performance for the Democratic People's Republic of Korea (DPRK, or North Korea) and the Republic of Korea (ROK, or South Korea) over two critical generations. By a number of indicators, Eberstadt argues, Kim Il Sung's North Korea actually outperformed South Korea for much of this period -- not only in the years immediately following partition, but perhaps also into the 1970s. To explain these surprising results, Eberstadt details the impact of government policies on the course of growth of both economies and offers some unorthodox observations about material performance under these two contending polities. He finds that prevailing economic development theory on such issues as planned-versus-market economies, military burden, and the relationship between material advance and poverty, may require reexamination in light of the experience of the two Koreas between partition and the end of the Cold War." --Back cover.
Income distribution changes and their impact in the post-World War II period
"The colossal scale of World War II required a mobilization effort greater than anything attempted in all of the world's history. The United States had to fight a war across two oceans and three continents-and to do so it had to build and equip a military that was all but nonexistent before the war began. Never in the nation's history did it have to create, outfit, transport, and supply huge armies, navies, and air forces on so many distant and disparate fronts.The Axis powers might have fielded better trained soldiers, better weapons, better tanks and aircraft. But they could not match American productivity. America buried its enemies in aircraft, ships, tanks, and guns; in this sense, American industry, and American workers, won World War II. The scale of effort was titanic, and the result historic. Not only did it determine the outcome of the war, but it transformed the American economy and society. Maury Klein's A Call to Arms is the definitive narrative history of this epic struggle, told by one of America's greatest historians of business and economics, and renders the transformation of America with a depth and vividness never available before"--
Great War, total war : combat and mobilization on the Western Front, 1914-1918
Trade and war : the neutrality of commerce in the inter-state system
Fidel Castro on imperialist globalization : two speeches
Russia in revolution : an empire in crisis, 1890 to 1928
Arte militare e architettura nuragica = Nuragic architecture in its military, territorial and socio-economic context : proceedings of the first International Colloquium on Nuragic Architecture at the Swedish Institute in Rome, 7-9 December, 1989
The ancient Greeks at war
Explaining civil war : a rational choice approach
Angola's war economy : the role of oil and diamonds
