http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20384 elephants
elephants
Horton hears a who!
Babar's little girl makes a friend
The elephant's journey
War elephants
The illustrated encyclopedia of elephants : From their origins and evolution to their ceremonial and working relationship with man
Babar and the Wully-Wully
Elephants : a book for children
Let's get wheeling!
Nestor
Errol and his extraordinary nose
Home now
When an elephant comes to school
Mannie and the long brave day
Elephant! / with 117 colour photographs
Horton hears a who! and other stories
Rush! = Splash!
Babar's gallery : (closed Mondays)
Eight enormous elephants
Elmer and Papa Red
Is that an elephant in my fridge?
There is a bird on your head!
The one and only Ivan
Elmer, Rose and Super El
Trumpety trump!
Blue remembered Earth
Best friends Freddie the Frog and Eli the Elephant explore a new island where they are led by an unseen guide to the secret world of the Invisible Coqui. The Invisible Coqui speak Spanish and love to play salsa music and dance through the night / WorldCat.
Babar and the succotash bird
Elephants : a potrait of teh animal world
Elephants and forests
Elephant dance : a journey to India / written by Theresa Heine ; illustrated by Sheila Moxley
Promoting the growth and development of smallholder seed enterprises for food security crops : case studies from Brazil, Côte d'Ivoire and India
Some extinct elephants, their relatives and the two living species
The elephant's umbrella
"This paper reviews case studies on smallholder seed enterprises in Brazil, Côte d'Ivoire and India, as well as relevant world literature in order to identify key issues that facilitate or constrain the development of the seed factor. The final section provides some guidelines on policy design and implementation to promote the development of sustainable seed enterprises at different stages in the evolution of national seed factors. It provides examples of good practices and hence seeks to assist governments in identifying ways in which they can support the development of smallholder seed enterprises that will provide the most appropriate varieties to smallholder farmers in their efforts to boost food production."--Provided by publisher
I will surprise my friend!
Albert the alphabetical elephant
The saggy baggy elephant
Ladybird stories for 4 year olds
Hurty feelings
A surprise for giraffe and elephant
Richard Scarry's polite elephant
Mama's day with Little Gray
Larger than life : a novella
Elephant Don : the politics of a pachyderm posse
Five minutes' peace
Piggie is determined to thank everyone she knows, but Gerald thinks she will forget someone important / WorldCat.
Elmer and the monster
The eye of the elephant : an epic adventure in the African wilderness
Sidney : the little blue elephant
Arthur and the meanies
Sacred elephant
The elephant whisperer : learning about life, loyalty and freedom from a remarkable herd of elephants
Elmer's new friend
Little why
The Twenty-Elephant Restaurant
Fossil elephantoids from the hominid-bearing Awash Group, Middle Awash Valley, Afar Depression, Ethiopia
Splas! = Splash!
When an elephant falls in love
Look! There's Elmer
Babar loses his crown
Elmer and the lost Teddy
Watch me throw the ball!
The elephant's tale
Freddie the frog and the invisible coqui : 6th adventure: salsa island
Get out of my bath!
The beaver & the elephant. Number 2
Elmer ve hava = Elmer's weather
Running wild
Elmer and Rose
The unexpected inheritance of Inspector Chopra
Love like this
Elmer and the stranger
Barsk : the elephants' graveyard
Babar the king
Elephant rescue : the true story of Nina & Pinkie
Elephant in the attic
Just a little bit
Elmer and butterfly
Horton and the Kwuggerbug and more lost stories
Babar's book of color
A beloved Richard Scarry title from 1963 is now available as a Little Golden Book! When it comes to visiting a neighbour, enjoying a meal, or hosting a playdate, no one does it with better manners than the polite elephant. Richard Scarry's witty, colourful artwork of the elephant and his friends at play will delight young readers. They'll want to follow the elephant's gracious example as he waits in line for the bus, helps out, and passes the salt! Most importantly, they'll learn just how fun and easy it is to be polite.
Ready, steady, jump!
Elephantastic! : a trunkful of unforgettable jokes
When the rain comes the elephant likes to put up his umbrella and invite his friends underneath. One day the umbrella is swept away by the wind and meets the leopard and the bear, who have very different idea about how to use the umbrella.
Elmer and the rainbow
Babar visits another planet
A piece of cake
Little elephant who wants to fall asleep
Faithful elephants : a true story of animals, people and war
Little Chick and the secret sleep
Elmer and the big bird
Elmer and aunt Zelda
The slightly annoying elephant
Alex and the elephant
An elephant in the garden
Babar's mystery
Elmer and Wilbur
Petal and Poppy and the spooky Halloween!
Emily Brown and the elephant emergency
Enormous elephant
The biggest kiss
The thank you book
