http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20390 volunteers
volunteers
Fighting for Franco : international volunteers in nationalist Spain during the Spanish Civil War, 1936-1939
Hitler's Vikings : the history of the Scandinavian Waffen-SS : the Legions, the SS-Wiking and the SS-Nordland
The tourism and leisure industry : shaping the future
"Expectations about the contribution that volunteering can make are at a new high. This book aims to meet this interest by bringing together in one volume what is known about the phenomenon of volunteering; the principles and practice of involving volunteers; and the enduring challenges for volunteering in todays world"--Provided by publisher.
Volunteering and society in the 21st century
Sandwiched between Nazi Germany and the "Russian Bear," Sweden walked a diplomatic tightrope when determining if and how it would support Finland's cause during the Russo-Finish Winter War. This book discusses the political background of the Winter War and the events preceding the conflict.
The book of the XV Brigade : records of British, American, Canadian, and Irish volunteers in the XV International Brigade in Spain 1936 - 1938.
Managing volunteers in tourism : attractions, destinations and events
Geographies of care : space, place, and the voluntary sector
Voluntary pension savings : the effects of the Finnish tax reform on savers' behaviour
The soul of civil society : voluntary associations and the public value of moral habits
The nature of disagreements and comparability between Finnish accumulating mutual funds and voluntary pension insurances
Beyond backpacker tourism : mobilities and experiences
Volunteering by older people in the EU
Improving financial education and awareness on insurance and private pensions
"Volunteers make important contributions across the spectrum of event settings, most visibly at high profile mega events such as the Olympic Games where volunteers are lauded as 'Games makers', 'unsung heroes' and the like. Less visibly volunteers are the heart and soul of community events and festivals, often undertaking multi - faceted roles from event leadership through to operations, ensuring that these celebrations are made possible in the absence of big budgets and professional event staff. This book is the first to showcase and advance international research into the volunteering experience at events, drawing on the work of key scholars in this field. Events of all sizes benefit from volunteer support but event volunteering research is frequently case study-based and individually these cases make a limited impact. This text brings together cases from around the world, specifically including those that expand theoretical and methodological boundaries. It features mega events like the 2012 Olympics and the 2011 Rugby World Cup, alongside music festivals and sports events. New areas that are examined include the benefits of event volunteering for students, the role of volunteers in social enterprise events and new methodological approaches to researching this phenomenon, specifically ethnographic and cross-national studies. This innovative book acts as a global source of key information for practitioners and researchers, an important text for students of event management and will provide stimulus for further work in this emerging area"--
Realization of informed consent in health research
Summary.
The new breed : understanding and equipping the 21st century volunteer
A lark for the sake of their country : the 1926 general strike volunteers in folklore and memory
Nonprofit organizations : theory, management, policy
Col. C. L. Chennault and Flying Tigers = Chen Nade he fei hu dui
Tax subsidies : achievement of accountability
Holy war : Finnish irredentist campaigns in the aftermath of the Civil War
A splendid little war
Summerhill and A. S. Neill
WWOOF Volunteers in Japan – Development of Hotani Nature Farm
Local partnerships and social cohesion in Finland
The positive declaratory action in Finnish patent disputes : a detrimental burden on the national patent enforcement regime?
Sport, recreation and tourism event management : theoretical and practical dimensions
Green volunteers : the world guide to voluntary work in nature conservation
Volunteer tourism : experiences that make a difference
The need to help : the domestic arts of international humanitarianism
This Discussion Paper explores Nigeria's human development aid to Africa, Caribbean and Pacific countries under its international volunteer programme called the Technical Aid Corps (TAC). It critically examines the relationship between participation in international civic service and civic nationalism. Using a combination of empirical and analytical methods, the author is able to provide insights into the impact of two decades of Nigeria's aid diplomacy within the context of South-South solidarity and into the inculcation of values linked to globally oriented citizenship in TAC volunteers. The findings of this study are of value to those interested in emerging African development cooperation in the global South and the expanding notions of citizenship beyond borders. Scholars, development actors and policymakers will find this study refreshingly different and highly informative.
Essays on taxation : evidence from tax reforms
The volunteer subject
The Raj at war : a people's history of India's Second World War
Globally oriented citizenship and international voluntary service
The UK voluntary sector almanac 2006
The unknown Eastern Front : the Wehrmacht and Hitler's foreign soldiers
The Irish volunteers 1715-1793 : a list of the units
Finland's Holocaust : silences of history
Not an easy cultural adaptation : Islamic Turkomans in the Waffen-SS
Motivations of volunteer archive correspodents : three women from Estonia
A Volunteer program guidebook for sport managers organizing large scale ice hockey tournaments
For freedom only : the story of Estonian volunteers in the Finnish wars of 1940-1944
Examining the efficacy of volunteer HRM practices within a subset of Nordic CSOs
Meine Ehre heisst Treue! : suomalaisten SS-vapaaehtoisten asepuvut 1941-43 = Uniforms of the Finnish SS-volunteers 1941-43
The politics of social risk : business and welfare state development
Event volunteering : international perspectives on the event volunteering experience
Decommodifying volunteer tourism? : insights from nordic non-governmental organizations
Constructing a community : myths and realities of the open development model
"Destroy as much as possible..." : Latvian collaborationist formations on the territory of Belarus, 1942-1944. Document compendium
Voluntary organisations : citizenship, learning and change
For whom the bell tolls
Unkarilaiset vapaaehtoiset talvisodan Suomessa = Hungarian volunteers in Finland during the Winter War
The nonprofit sector in Sweden
Opening the office : motivation and emerging patterns of participation in a firm-community "hybrid" free and open source software project
The economic theory of annuities
In this pioneering volume, a group of "third generation" scholars subject the contested ligature between Finland and the Holocaust to critique. Finland's Holocaust: Silences of History traces the implications of antisemitism in Finland in the late nineteenth and early twentieth centuries, through Finland's alliance with the Third Reich during much of World War II, to the complex negotiation with its wartime past. Taking up a range of issues - from cultural history, folklore, the arts, and sports, to the interpretation of military and national history - this collection examines how modern Finnish memory and the writing of history have both engaged and evaded the figure of the Holocaust. As the first English-language introduction to the changing position of Finland in contemporary international Holocaust historiography, Finland's Holocaust is essential reading for any student of antisemitism and the Holocaust, providing a critical perspective on the role of political and cultural historiography in modern Finland.
Volunteer management in cultural institutions : a practical handbook
Making volunteers : civic life after welfare's end
Welfare and religion in 21st century Europe. Volume 2, Gendered, religious and social change
Getting to the 21st Century : voluntary action and the global agenda
Franco's international brigades : adventures, fascists and Christian crusaders in the Spanish Civil War
Young soldiers : why they choose to fight
Not by bread alone : social support in the new Russia
Distribution of private retirement plans in Mexico through multilevel marketing : the case study of Expertos Patrimoniales, consulting firm
Abstract (1 s.).
The participation of informal caregivers and care quality in the hospital care of elderly patients aged 75 or older : a time series study in three care settings
WWOOF Volunteers in Japan : Development of Hotani Nature Farm
Volunteer Management : case: ACCESS Amsterdam : The ideal model of volunteer management
Churchill's German army
Abstract.
World trade law : text, materials and commentary
Working with volunteers in sport : theory and practice
Nonprofit management 101 : a complete and practical guide for leaders and professionals
Estonian volunteers in the Finnish armed forces 1939-1944
This book considers the changing nature of both religion and welfare in Europe. It is the second of two volumes. Together they examine the function of majority churches as agents of social welfare in eight European societies (Sweden, Finland, Norway, England, Germany, France, Italy and Greece). Volume 2 explores the connections between religion and welfare from three perspectives: sociology, gender and theology. The authors ask new questions about the religious and the secular and the implications of each for the process known as secularization. Looking carefully at the gendered nature of care, they ask why women predominate so noticeably in both religion and welfare at least in the delivery of service. With regard to theological discourse, they explore the ways in which religious belief operates as an independent variable in the construction of welfare systems? The issues raised in this book are of immediate topical importance: they include the increased visibility of religion in the public sphere, the anxieties of European populations about the welfare state and the centrality of gender to both questions. The policy implications are huge.
Volunteering as leisure/leisure as volunteering : an international assesment
Women and war
Perspectives on the Finnish Winter War : Winter War-seminar in Helsinki, 11 March 2010
The importance of developing volunteer human resource management practices in order to improve volunteer retention in community sport organisations is well documented. Increasingly however stakeholders are beginning to realise that the application of traditional management practices within community sport organisations may have only limited success due to inherent differences in the structures, culture, processes and working environments of such organisations to their commerical counterparts. All existing studies have however focused on mainstream, locally popular sports and none have been conducted within the Nordic countries. This study sought to address this gap in the literature by identifying current volunteer human resource management practices within mainstream but not locally popular community sport organisations within the Nordics, and to examine the efficacy of these practices in terms of perceived volunteer retention. Participants were 141 board-level representatives of clubs and federations from the sports of American football, Australian rules football, baseball, cricket, and rugby union in Denmark, Finland, Norway and Sweden. Each completed an online survey that identified existing volunteer management practices and assessed perceived issues associated with volunteer retention. The results indicated that the more extensively community sport organisations adopted volunteer management practices, the less perceived problems of volunteer retention were an issue. The application of planning practices in particular were a significant predictor of general perceived problems of volunteer retention and for the retention of board members in particular. The implications for all stakeholders within Nordic community sport are discussed, with specific recommendations that more widespread implementation of planning practices be considered as part of any new model of volunteer management.
Dritte Nordland : suomalainen SS-vapaaehtoispataljoona kuvissa = The photo history of the Finnish volunteer Battalion of the Waffen-SS 1941-1943
Finnish fieldpost 1939-1945
Farewell to the Don : the journal of Brigadier H. N. H. Williamson
Selfish, shallow, and self-absorbed : sixteen writers on the decision not to have kids
Individual pensions savings in Finland 2006
Keys to successful integration : importance of social relations on the first-phase integration of Burmese refugees in Rovaniemi
Exploring the tensions between volunteers and firms in hybrid projects
Essays on misplanning wealth and health : a behavioural approach
Living life unexpected : 12 weeks to your plan B for a meaningful and fulfilling future without children
Daughters of Liverpool
Managing library volunteers : a practical toolkit
Swedish volunteers in the Russo-Finnish Winter War, 1939-1940
Voluntary pension savings and tax incentives : evidence from Finland
Building on previous work on backpacking, this book takes the analysis of backpacker tourism further by engaging both with new theoretical debates into tourism experiences and mobilities as well as with new empirical phenomena such as the rise of the 'flashpacker' and alternative destinations. The chapters include material on flashpacking, the virtualization of backpacker culture, the re-conceptualisation of lifestyle travellers, backpackers as volunteer tourists, as well as backpackers' experiences of hostels, mobilities and their policy implications. It sets a new benchmark for the study of independent travel in the contemporary world.
Finnish-Americans in war and peace : contradictions in loyalty during the turbulent years 1910-1950
Historica. 2
The AFS story : journeys of a lifetime: 1914, 1947, 1997.
