http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20393 agents (representatives)
agents (representatives)
Developing intelligent agents for distributed systems : exploring architecture, technologies and applications
Despite the falling snow
Masters of war
Inauguration day : a thriller
The scam
Twisted
Adopting agent technology in information sharing and networking
The scam : a Fox and O'Hare novel
I am Pilgrim : a thriller
Crown of the Russian empire, or the elusive avengers again = [Korona rossiiskoi imperii]
Undercover
The end game
Blood on the mink
From Russia with love
In a fractured Europe, new nations are springing up everywhere, some literally overnight.  For an intelligence officer like Jim, it's a nightmare. Every week or so a friendly power spawns a new and unknown national entity which may or may not be friendly to England's interests. It's hard to keep on top of it all. But things are about to get worse for Jim.  A stabbing on a London bus pitches him into a world where his intelligence service is preparing for war with another universe, and a man has come who may hold the key to unlocking Europe's most jealously-guarded secret.
Under the final moon
The shell game : A Fox and O'Hare Short Story
The Following. The third and final season
Palace of treason : a novel
"In this spirited sequel to the acclaimed The Rook, Myfanwy Thomas returns to clinch an alliance between deadly rivals and avert epic - and slimy - supernatural war.  When secret organizations are forced to merge after years of enmity and bloodshed, only one person has the fearsome powers - and the bureaucratic finesse - to get the job done. Facing her greatest challenge yet, Rook Myfanwy Thomas must broker a deal between two bitter adversaries:  The Checquy - the centuries-old covert British organization that protects society from supernatural threats, and...  The Grafters - a centuries-old supernatural threat.  But as bizarre attacks sweep London, threatening to sabotage negotiations, old hatreds flare. Surrounded by spies, only the Rook and two women who absolutely hate each other, can seek out the culprits before they trigger a devastating otherworldly war.  Stiletto is a novel of preternatural diplomacy, paranoia, and snide remarks, from an author who "adroitly straddles the thin line between fantasy, thriller, and spoof " (Booklist)"--
Edge of danger
Building intelligent agents : an apprenticeship multistrategy learning theory, methodology, tool and case studies
The black widow
Pros and cons : a short story
UN covert negotiator Yael Azoulay went rogue in Geneva and nearly lost her life. Her physical wounds are healed, but she will never be able to forget what happened. Now back in New York, Yael uncovers a chilling conspiracy whose end game is a devastating new war in the Middle East. But as Yael draws closer to the truth, she is forced to confront the ghosts of her past. As the few certainties of her life begin to crumble around her, a terrifying truth is laid bare: Yael has enormously powerful enemies who neither forgive, nor forget.
Fear the darkness
Hitman : the complete first season : PlayStation 4
Robert Ludlum the second Bourne trilogy : The Bourne legacy : The Bourne betrayal : The Bourne sanction
The law of agency
Point break : 3D
Essays on executive equity-based compensation and equity ownership
Black Gold War
Studies on macroeconomics and uncertainty
Closer than you think
XIII mystery. [1] : The Mongoose
A bloody storm
The Rook
When FBI Special Agent Griffin "Decker" Davenport wakes from his coma, he is desperate to find the missing children he knows are in danger. At the end of his last investigation, when he thought it was all over and justice had been served, he discovered that not everyone had been rescued, but he was shot before he was able to tell anyone.  Special Agent Kate Coppola has recently moved to Cincinnati. She says she's chasing a promotion but she's actually running away from heartache. She's found the recordings from Decker's time undercover and has been at his side in the hospital while she tries to put together the pieces of the crime he was investigating—and what connection it has to his own mysterious past.  When someone tries to kill Decker in his hospital bed, he and Kate realise that the children are not the only ones whose lives are threatened, and that they must stop at nothing to hunt down the perpetrators. And danger is waiting in every dark corner.
Black mass : Whitey Bulger, the FBI, and a devil's deal
Modesty Blaise : The Gabriel set-up
The Game behind the game : negotiating in the big leagues
Make me : a Jack Reacher novel
Principals and agents : the structure of business
Dynamic aspects of industrial middleware architectures
A high-ranking member of a secret organization that battles supernatural forces wakes up in a London park with no memory, no idea who she is, and with a letter that provides instructions to help her uncover a far-reaching conspiracy.
Queen & country. [Vol 4] : Operation: Blackwall
Europe in winter
The corrupter
Yael Azoulay does the United Nations' dirty work. From the caves of Afghanistan and the slums of Baghdad to the world's corporate boardrooms, Yael's job is to broker the secret deals that grease the wheels of superpower diplomacy and big business. When a suspicious death at the UN headquarters in Manhattan is covered up, Yael decides that the ends no longer justify the means and she goes rogue. Events quickly spiral out of control as Yael is forced on the run in the streets of New York and Geneva. Hunted by the world's intelligence and law enforcement agencies, Yael must ultimately learn that salvation means not just saving other's lives but slaying her own inner demons.
Dollhouse. Season one
The Washington stratagem
The mulberry bush
On one side, a lone A.R.K. agent infiltrates a Raxxon facility, seeking to retrieve three mission targets and escape alive. Equipped with unique skills and tools, the agent moves in secret.  On the other side, two or more genetically enhanced Raxxon hunters, alerted to the intruder's presence, take no prisoners as they attempt to eliminate the A.R.K. agent before a successful escape. Super-human mutations and keen coordination aid them in their duty to destroy Raxxon's enemies.
In her most shocking case yet, FBI Special Agent Ren Bryce takes on a depraved serial killer fuelled by a warped sense of justice. A master of evasion, each life he takes ramps up Ren's obsession with finding him. Then one victim changes everything and brings Ren face to face with a detective whose life was destroyed by the same pursuit. Together, can they defeat this monster? Or will he take them both down?
Bridging the gap from high-level process modelling to runtime agent systems
Self-management in distributed systems : smart adaptive framework for pervasive computing environments
Taxing trails
The last templar. 2, The knight in the crypt
To be escorted without a fanfare : allowing Nosaka Sanzô to return to Japan
Top secret twenty-one
His tranquility as the established vicar of a New Age village shattered by the murder of an unpopular woman, former MI5 agent Max Tudor struggles with past demons while trying to identify a killer in his peaceful community.
Past sins
Stock returns and corporate governance quality of international Acquirers
X-9: Secret agent Corrigan : Volume three 1972-1974
Agent technology handbook
The chance
Chicken mission : chaos in Cluckbridge
Without fail
Deceptions
The spider of Sarajevo
Come spy with us : the secret agent songbook
The informant
Salainen agentti 86 : the complete series
ESPIONAGE & SPY THRILLER. Jack Bauer is a fugitive hunted by the most powerful nations in the world. On a self-imposed crusade to destroy the criminal empire of international arms dealer Karl Rask, Jack has infiltrated the crew of one of Rask's freighters. But his mission is disrupted when the ship is hijacked by a band of suspiciously well-informed pirates off the coast of Somalia. As Jack fights to free the ship, he discovers a deadly secret hidden in its hold.
Modesty Blaise : Ripper Jax
The Litvinenko file : Politics, polonium and Russia's war with itself
Under the gun
The X-files : the event series
The chase
A fatal winter : a Max Tudor novel
Agent technology : enabling next generation computing : a roadmap for agent based computing
Specter ops : Shadow of Babel
X-9: Secret agent Corrigan : Volume one 1967-1969
The devil in amber : a "shocker"
Echo is an "Active," an unwitting participant in the Dollhouse, an illegal underground organization that provides its elite clients with hired personas for various missions. Actives receive personality imprints, allowing them to temporarily become anyone or anything - the perfect burglar, lover, spy or assassin. But now Echo is facing the FBI, her own shadowy past, and a rogue Active who wants to bring the Dollhouse down / WorldCat
The tears of my soul
Dead or alive
Hitman : the complete first season : Xbox One
Menolly, an acrobat-turned-vampire and operative for the Otherworld Intelligence Agency, must finally confront her sire, Dredge, who, in partnership with the demon Shadow Wing, is turning humans into newborn vampires.
Personal : [A Jack Reacher thriller]
Witchling
Gone too far
Queen & country. [Vol 5] : Operation: Storm front
The dying light
What secrets will the stolen encoder reveal? The investigation onto the museum raid continues, but it's a difficult one. One of the four 'knights' has already died in his - guarded - hospital room, and FBI Agent Reilly is unknowingly engaged in a race to find the other thieves before the mysterious assassins try to eliminate them. Meanwhile, young archaeologist Tess Chaykin is following up the Templar lead - one that the FBI considers too far-fetched to be worth looking into.
Octopussy & The living daylights
The Bourne enigma
Jason Bourne is in Moscow to attend the wedding of his old friend and covert brother-in-arms Colonel Boris Karpov. But something is terribly amiss and during the gala reception, Karpov's throat is slit from ear to ear. Embedded in the wound is the Star of David worn by Bourne's friend and lover, Mossad's most deadly field agent, Sara Yadin. Did Sara kill Karpov? The FSB thinks so, and sends out a world-wide kill order. Russia's new war is going well. Incursions into Ukraine, the counter-insurgency, the Kremlin-led disinformation campaign are all escalating smoothly. But with the price of oil and gas plummeting, along with the ruble, where is Russia getting the money needed to fund this war? Two mysteries only Jason Bourne can solve. And solve them he must, both to head off a full-scale invasion of Ukraine and to keep Sara alive.
Queen & country. [Vol 6] : Operation: Dandelion
Coordination of Internet agents : models, technologies, and applications
Corporate America
American private express trust and Finnish closed foundation : definition and comparative analysis
The time to kill
Derrick Storm is back - this time with a crack team of ghost CIA operatives. These former agents have all faked their own deaths and now work for the CIA on a strictly secret basis, taking on dangerous and illegal jobs the agency may not officially carry out. They're headed to the Molguzar Mountains to look for sixty billion dollars' worth of gold hidden by the KGB before the collapse of the Soviet Union, and taking a perilous detour to rescue FBI agent April Showers from a sociopathic torturer.
Art Inc : the essential guide for building your career as an artist
Planet ablaze / Warren Ellis [writer] ; Steve Dillon ... [et al. artists]
A very English agent
The Following. The complete second season
Robert Ludlum's the Janson equation
Utilization of neural network and agent technology combination for distributed intelligent applications and services
James Bond : the authorised biography
Jason Bourne
The heist : a novel
G.I. Joe : the rise of cobra
The lost key
The Secret Agent : inside the world of the football agent
Boy soldier
Long way to the top : the role of music booking agents in Finland
The Reykjavik assignment
The convert's song
Wayne Shelton. 3, The contract
Robert Ludlum's the Bourne ascendancy : a new Jason Bourne novel
Every dark corner
Making sence of the business environment with the help of intelligent agents
Kay Hamilton has paid the price for going rogue. Fired by the DEA, she's now been quietly recruited by the Callahan Group, a quasi-governmental agency charged with accomplishing special missions for the president off the grid. Kay and her daughter relocate to Washington, D.C., but before Kay's completed her training, she's sent to a hostile province in Afghanistan. There a mission that should have been purely political turns unexpectedly and explosively violent. Barely getting out alive, Kay follows a trail of deception and murder from Washington to West Virginia to England. Finding herself at the centre of an international plot she begins to question those she loves, those she works for and her own faith in justice.
Europe at midnight
Wicked autumn : a Max Tudor novel
The wreckage
An outline of the law of agency
The Templar salvation
Meltdown
An architecture for flexible manufacturing systems based on task-driven agents
Dying Light : the following : enhanced edition : PS4
The Following. The complete first season
The Geneva option
Rudi, the former chef-turned-spy, returns on a mission to uncover the truth—in a fractured Europe utterly changed by the public unveiling of the Community. Union has been forged and the Community is now the largest nation in Europe; trains run there from as far afield as London and Prague. It is an era of unprecedented peace and prosperity. So what is the reason for a huge terrorist outrage? Why do the Community and Europe meet in secret, exchanging hostages? And who are Les Coureurs des Bois? Along with a motley crew of strays and mafiosi and sleeper agents, Rudi sets out to answer these questions—only to discover that the truth lies both closer to home and farther away than anyone could imagine.
X-9: Secret agent Corrigan : Volume two 1969-1972
Insiders. Volume 4 : Takeover bid on the Kremlin
Intelligent software agents
Reasoning about  knowledge
The final cut
The vesuvius club : a bit of fluff
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
Power of Google : A study on online advertising exchange
Wild storm
Agent technology : foundations, applications, and markets
Hitman. The complete first season : Xbox One
Robert Ludlum's the Bourne deception : a new Jason Bourne novel
The job : a Fox and O'Hare novel
Modesty Blaise : the beginning
Personal : a Jack Reacher novel
Detonation radio / Warren Ellis [writer] ; Simon Bisley ... [et al. artists]
Money for nothing
Cold War : CIA vs KGB
Hitman. The complete first season : PS4
Tom Clancy's the division : PS4
SNMP network management
