http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20373 solar heating
solar heating
Solar power your home for dummies
The role and opportunities for solar energy in Finland and Europe
Solar technology : the Earthscan expert guide to using solar energy for heating, cooling, and electricity
New green home solutions : renewable household energy and sustainable living
Architectural Integration and Design of Solar Thermal Systems
Got sun? Go solar : harness nature's free energy to heat and power your grid-tied home
Solar radiation and daylight models : (with software available from companion web site)
Evaluation of aquifer storage CSHPSS systems
Solar water heating : a comprehensive guide to solar water and space heating systems
North sun '97 : June 9-11, 1997, Espoo-Otaniemi, Finland : proceedings. Volume 2
Solar resources
Solar energy houses : strategies, technologies, examples
Developing the second generation of  nordic solar collectors
Lightpipe : indoor simulation measurements
The new solar home
Possibilities for solar power in a community : Usage of solar panels in Ruusutarha allotment gardening
The passive solar house
Planning and installing solar thermal systems : a guide for installers, architects and engineers
Solar-assisted air conditioning in buildings : a handbook for planners
Solar energy : an introduction
Renewable energy ; power for a sustainable future
Solar power for your home
Solar heating in cold regions : a technical guide to developing country applications
Daylight modelling and optimization of solar facades
The complete idiot's guide to solar power for your home
The cost of operating a building far exceeds the cost of constructing it, and yet until recently little attention was paid to the impact of solar radiation on the costs of heating, cooling and ventilation. And now that there has been a surge in interest in energy efficiency and solar design, architects and designers need a practical guide to the modelling and application of solar energy data. There are many different models and techniques available for calculating the distribution of solar radiation on and in buildings, and these algorithms vary considerably in scope, accuracy and complexity. This book demonstrates which of these predictive tools gives the best results in different circumstances, including explaining which models can be best used in different parts of the world. The author has had over twenty-five years of experience of dealing with solar energy data from four continents and has used that experience in this book to show the development not just of knowledge but also the growing sophistication of the models available to apply it. It is based on many years of first-hand experience with solar data. It presents different models which are demonstrated and evaluated. It contains calculations that can be used anywhere in the world.
Estimating photovoltaic electricity potential for structures in southern Finland
Passive solar schools : a design guide
Computational and experimental studies towards the optimal integration of photovoltaics in buildings
Solar energy perspectives
Solar Water Heating
Photovoltaik und Architektur : die Integration von Solarzellen in Gebäudehüllen = Photovoltaics in architecture : the integration of photovoltaic cells in building envelopes
Implementation of solar thermal technology
A numerical multivariate approach to optimization of photovoltaic solar low energy building designs
Solar energy engineering : processes and systems
Planning and installing solar thermal systems : a guide for installers, architects, and engineers
Solar technologies for buildings
Ten technologies to fix energy and climate
Solar engineering of thermal processes
Solar energy in buildings : thermal balance for efficient heating and cooling
Renewable energy : a user's guide
Solar heating of urban areas
IEA5 solar house
Solar power : the evolution of sustainable architecture : a publication for the READ Group ( Renewable Energies in Architecture and Design)
Solar architecture in cool climates
Solar energy : technologies and the project delivery process for buildings
Domestic solar energy : a guide for the home owner
Sun in action : the solar thermal market a strategic plan for action in Europe : final report
Solar home design manual for cool climates
Renewable energy engineering and technology : principles and practice
Renewable energy in Europe : building markets and capacity
Transparent thermal insulations (TIM) : performance properties
Nordic Solar is an architecturally fully integrated unglazed solar thermal collector, manufactured by the company Aurubis Finland Oy. The collector consists of a patinated copper absorber with a hidden solar thermal energy system on the back. The purpose of this study was to propose cost effective solutions for the second generation of Nordic Solar products. The objective was to find and analyse different alternatives for improving the collector by reducing its costs and increasing its applications, without altering the efficiency, architectural integration or lifespan of the product.   The Nordic Solar product is evaluated through SWOT analysis, and its main comparable competitors are investigated. The European solar thermal market and current trends in solar integration are evaluated to determine the market potential of the product. Different collector structure designs and joining methods to attach the pipes to the absorbers are studied, and the possibilities of expanding the product applications are analysed. The study is supported with research methods, mechanical tests, manufactured samples, and observations from pilot plant and simulation models. Development proposals that improve the system have been made. Further development and pilot testing is required to validate them. Research and results are covered by a confidentiality agreement.
Solar house : a guide for the solar designer
Solar power in building design : the engineer's complete design reource
"Solar Domestic Water Heating is a comprehensive introduction to all aspects of solar domestic water heating systems. As fossil fuel prices continue to rise and awareness of climate change grows, interest in domestic solar water heating is expanding. Solar water heating technology is the most environmentally-friendly way to heat water. This fully-illustrated and easy-to-follow guide shows how domestic solar water heating systems work, the different types of systems, types of collectors, both flat plate and evacuated tube, types of storage tanks and other accessories. It also shows how systems are installed and explains how solar water heating can be integrated into existing water heating systems. Numerous examples from around the world have been included. The ideal guide for plumbers, heating engineers, builders and architects, housing and property developers, home owners and DIY enthusiasts, and anyone who needs a clear introduction to solar water heating technology."--Publisher's description.
The off-grid energy handbook
Solar heating systems for houses : a design handbook for solar combisystems
Solar Electricity Handbook : a simple, practical guide to solar energy: how to design and install photovoltaic solar electric systems
Solar and Heat Pump Systems for Residential Buildings
Heat exchangers for heating and sanitary applications : a technical handbook from SWEP
North Sun '97 : 7th International Conference on Solar Energy at High Latitudes, June 9-11, 1997, Espoo-Otaniemi, Finland : proceedings (in two volumes)
Principles of sustainable energy
Solar thermal systems : successful planning and construction
Solar energy and housing design. Vol. 2, Examples
Heating and cooling of buildings : design for efficiency
Building-integrated photovoltaics : photovoltaics, building envelope, thin film solar cell, polymer, pitched roof, solarmer energy, Inc
Sol power : the evolution of solar architecture : a publication for the READ Group (Renewable Energies in Architecure and Design)
Passive Solar Heating
Solar domestic water heating : the Earthscan expert handbook for planning, design, and installation
Solar Electricity Handbook : a simple, practical guide to solar energy : designing and installing photovoltaic solar electric systems
Towards zero-energy architecture : new solar design
A feasibility study of seasonal thermal storage in solar heating systems for southern climates
"Around the world, countries and companies are investing in solar generation capacity on an unprecedented scale, and, as a consequence, costs continue to fall and technologies improve. This publication gives an authoritative view of these technologies and market trends, in both advanced and developing economies, while providing examples of the best and most advanced practices.  It also provides a unique guide for policy makers, industry representatives and concerned stakeholders on how best to use, combine and successfully promote the major categories of solar energy: solar heating and cooling, photovoltaic and solar thermal electricity, as well as solar fuels." --
Solar energy and housing design. Vol. 1, Principles, objectives, guidelines
