http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20400 consumer education
consumer education
The social psychology of music
Maapallopeli = Klotspelet = The world game
A sociology of food & nutrition : the social appetite
Improving energy performance of building : based on BIM, Virtual real time information system and educating consumer about energy related living and design
Social learning towards a sustainable world : principles, perspectives, and praxis
Economic education for consumers
Social marketing : influencing behaviors for good
The objectives and contents of and the working methods in consumer education for teacher training
Consumer citizenship : promoting new responses. Vol. 1, Taking responsibility
"Over the last decade, the close relationship between culture and economy -- or "the experience economy" -- has risen on the agenda. Although there is an established research field for analysing the economic impact of entrepreneurship, there is currently a limited amount of research that analyses the cultural impact and opportunity of entrepreneurship. Linking experience economy with enterprising behavior moves the term away from businesses' competitiveness and consumer behavior towards a more value-focused business in general. This ground-breaking book integrates entrepreneurship and empowerment into one central theme, drawing on research from both the social sciences (innovation, entrepreneurship, empowerment and activism) and the humanities (participatory culture, user-generated designs, creative networks). Enterprising Initiatives expands the definition of entrepreneurship beyond a primarily economic profit-seeking phenomenon to a broader understanding of enterprising behaviour based on an individual-opportunity nexus. Beyond social entrepreneurship, it explores a broad range of individual, collective and cooperative citizen initiatives under the umbrella of enterprising action.This innovative approach will be of great interest to scholars in entrepreneurship, social entrepreneurship, cultural entrepreneurship, cultural studies, and consumer culture, as well as for policy makers in public and local government, regional development and cultural event management"--
Involving customers in new service development
The material child : growing up in consumer culture
The emerging media toddlers
Nutrition promotion : theories and methods, systems and settings
"Home economics emerged at the turn of the twentieth century as a movement to train women to be more efficient household managers. At the same moment, American families began to consume many more goods and services than they produced. To guide women in this transition, professional home economists had two major goals: to teach women to assume their new roles as modern consumers and to communicate homemakers' needs to manufacturers and political leaders. Carolyn M. Goldstein charts the development of the profession from its origins as an educational movement to its identity as a source of consumer expertise in the interwar period to its virtual disappearance by the 1970s. Working for both business and government, home economists walked a fine line between educating and representing consumers while they shaped cultural expectations about consumer goods as well as the goods themselves. Goldstein looks beyond 1970s feminist scholarship that dismissed home economics for its emphasis on domesticity to reveal the movement's complexities, including the extent of its public impact and debates about home economists' relationship to the commercial marketplace. "--Provided by publisher.
The handbook of design for sustainability
Enterprising initiatives in the experience economy : transforming social worlds
Educating the consumer-citizen : a history of the marriage of schools, advertising, and media
Creating consumers : home economists in twentieth-century America
Consumer education for adults : thematic guidelines
Maapallopeli : Klotspelet = The world game
Summary (s. 13-14).
Critical pedagogies of consumption : living and learning in the shadow of the "shopocalypse"
Children and consumption : challenges to schools and consumer education
Byways or highways - where is home economics education going?
Human perspectives on sustainable future
Improving financial education and awareness on insurance and private pensions
Education, environment and economy
Consumer education : a handbook for teachers
Food and the self : consumption, production and material culture
Nordic-Baltic conference on consumer education in school : September 11-13, 2000, Riga, Latvia
Good practice in multicultural integration work in Finland : collaborative learning in culturally sensitive projects
The pharmacy and health promotion
Not buying it : my year without shopping
Supporting children's creativity through music, dance, drama and art : creative conversations in the early years
Marketing nutrition : soy, functional foods, biotechnology, and obesity
Educating the consumer : a practical guide
Consuming children : education, entertainment, advertising
Improving financial education efficiency : OECD-Bank of Italy Symposium on Financial Literacy
A pan-EU survey on consumer attitudes to physical activity, body weight and health
Dairying : using science to meet consumers' needs
Evaluation of the performance of network industries providing services of general interest : 2004 report : working paper
The undercover economist
Consumer education in the Nordic countries : proposal of objectives for and content of consumer education in the compulsory school and at upper secondary school level in the Nordic countries
Maapallopeli [Elektroninen aineisto] = Klotspelet = The world game
Food in contemporary society
State of the world 2010 : transforming cultures : from consumerism to sustainability : a Worldwatch Institute report on progress toward a sustainable society
Summary (s. 179-189).
Summary (s. 5).
The cultural study of reception
Promoting consumer education : trends, policies and good practices
Abstract: Young people's style of dress: standing out, experiences, deliberation.
European module for consumer education : the final report
Rethinking consumer behaviour for the well-being of all : reflections on individual consumer responsibility
Critical environmental and health education : research issues and challenges
"New approaches to the study of everyday life" : research abstracts
Consuming children : education-entertainment-advertising
The authority of the consumer
Summary.
The family economy : nature and management of resources
The sign of the burger : McDonald's and the culture of power
European module for consumer education : the final report may 2001.
Propaganda in the helping professions
Changing cultures : feminism, youth and consumerism
Communicating family and consumer sciences : a guidebook for professionals
Beef Finland 2012 : a brief
Consumer education & economics
Consumer kids : how big business is grooming our children for profit
Themes in family and consumer sciences : a book of readings 2001.. Volume 2
Meals in science and practice : interdisciplinary research and business applications
Marketing social change : changing behavior to promote health, social development, and the environment
Teaching and learning in a diverse world : multicultural education for young children
The ecology of learning : sustainability, lifelong learning, and everyday life
How the child's mind develops
Consumer citizenship education in Finland : comparisons between comprehensive school curricula in 1994 and 2004.
Ads, fads, and consumer culture : advertising's impact on American character and society
The environment handbook
Consumers and society in dialogue, some concluding comments
Adolescent consumers : reaching them, border crossings and pedagogical challenges
European Conference on Consumer Education in Schools, Stockholm 1993.
