http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2045 publishing
publishing
"An interdisciplinary study on the emergence and function of publishers' cloth bindings in the 19th century"--
Books, libraries and information in Slavic and East European studies : proceedings of the second International Conference of Slavic Librarians and Information Specialists
The fast-track course on how to write a nonfiction book proposal
Start your own self-publishing business : your step-by-step guide to success
The story of Chess Records
Editors, scholars, and the social text
The Billboard guide to writing and producing songs that sell : how to create hits in today's music industry
Ta-ra-ra-boom-de-ay : the business of popular music
What every young publisher should know : the uncensored version
Histoires du livre : nouvelles orientations : actes du colloque du 6 et 7 septembre 1990, Göttingen = [Geschichte des Buches] = [History of the Book]
Steam-powered knowledge : William Chambers and the business of publishing, 1820-1860
The book market in Finland : the survival of quality literature in a difficult market
100 ways to publish and sell your own e-book : and make it a bestseller
New thinking for 21st century publishers : emerging patterns and evolving stratagems
Book publishing practice
Competitiveness of the European Union publishing industries : [final report]
The book trade of the world. Vol. 1, Europe and international section
Modern newspaper : editing and production
A biography of the early American printer William Parks. Examines his early career in England as well as his later work in Colonial Maryland and Virginia. Focuses on the print culture on both sides of the Atlantic as well as the societal pressures on printing and publishing.
Mercury beats Minerva? : essays on the accelerating impact of market logic permeating higher education
Lost books : reconstructing the print world of pre-industrial Europe
Judging new wealth : popular publishing and responses to commerce in England, 1750-1800
The business of the novel : economics, aesthetics and the case of Middlemarch
A guide to sustainable book provision
Building nineteenth-century Latin America : re-rooted cultures, identities, and nations
Not a single note may be changed : towards a critical edition of Toivo Kuula's songs
a Presents a history of Golden Books, discussing how it was founded in the mist of World War II providing quality books at inexpensive prices and used innovative writers and marketing techniques to establish itself as a highly successful publishing firm.
The book today in Africa
Literary publishing in the twenty-first century
Managerial Aspects of Business Intelligence Implementation
Publishing in the Third World : knowledge and development
Dictionary of publishing and printing
Finnish mass media
Bound to be modern : publishers' cloth bindings and the material culture of the book, 1840-1914
The Oxford history of the Irish book. Vol. 4, The Irish book in English, 1800-1890
Music - the business : the essential guide to the law and the deals
Eighteenth-century fiction holds an unusual place in the history of modern print culture. The novel gained prominence largely because of advances in publishing, but, as a popular genre, it also helped shape those very developments. Authors in the period manipulated the appearance of the page and print technology more deliberately than has been supposed, prompting new forms of reception among readers. Christopher Flint's book explores works by both obscure 'scribblers' and canonical figures, such as Swift, Haywood, Defoe, Richardson, Sterne and Austen, that interrogated the complex interactions between the book's material aspects and its producers and consumers. Flint links historical shifts in how authors addressed their profession to how books were manufactured and how readers consumed texts. He argues that writers exploited typographic media to augment other crucial developments in prose fiction, from formal realism and free indirect discourse to accounts of how 'the novel' defined itself as a genre.
Butterworths : a history of a publishing house
Becoming Elektra : the true story of Jac Holzman's visionary record label
Japanese civilization in the modern world. 5, Culturedness
Structure of the Finnish book publishing industry and performance of firms, 1965-85
American dreamers : the Wallaces and Reader's digest : an insider's story
The correspondence of James Peter Coghlan (1731-1800)
Booklife : strategies and survival tips for the 21st-century writer
The printed media in fin-de-siècle Italy : publishers, writers, and readers
Bound to Be Modern is the most comprehensive study to date on the emergence and function of publishers' cloth bindings. It brings together issues of aesthetics, technique, economy, and social change in order to explain why publishers in the 19th century began to have their books bound, and why decorated clothbindings were so successful as the Western world transitioned into modernity. This study traces the history of publishers' bindings in a Swedish context--giving the first English-language account of the history of the Swedish 19th century book market--but also makes clear that edition binding was an international affair, with machines, designs, and ideas crossing borders as much as the literary works themselves did. Lundblad takes an interdisciplinary approach, referencing art and design theorists as well as social scientists and philosophers to analyze the complex interactions between books, the book market, and society at large, and to show that bindings not only mirror their historical context but also contribute to the making of culture.
The book publishing industry
"In Tyranny of the Textbook, a retired educational director, gives a fascinating look behind-the-scenes of how K-12 textbooks are developed, written, adopted, and sold. Readers will come to understand why all the reform efforts have failed. Most importantly, the author clearly spells out how the system can change so that reforms and standards have a shot at finally being effective".
Great staff
Historical aspects of printing and publishing in languages of the Middle East : papers from the Third Symposium on the History of Printing and Publishing in the Languages and Countries of the Middle East, University of Leipzig, September 2008
The publishing industry - growth prospects fade?
The growth and structure of Finnish print production, 1840-1900
Strategic developments for the European publishing industry towards the year 2000 : Europe's multimedia challenge : main report
Being and nothingness : Vilho Viksten publisher
Getting loose : lifestyle consumption in the 1970s
The book in Finland 1488-1988
Going public : women and publishing in early modern France
Keviselie : maps without borders
Hot tips from top comics creators : over 250 professionals share more than 1,000 secrets of success
Vir librorum : kirjoituksia Heikki A. Reenpään kunniaksi 14.5.1992 = hyllningsskrift tillägnad Heikki A. Reenpää 14.5.1992 = écrits en hommage à Heikki A. Reenpää 14.5.1992 = essays and other writings in honour of Heikki A. Reenpää 14.5.1992 = Texte und Schriften zu Ehren von Heikki A. Reenpää 14.5.1992 = met dank opgedraagen aan de heer professor Heikki A. Reenpää 14.5.1992
Producing women's poetry, 1600-1730 : text and paratext, manuscript and print
Tell me why : book-selling in Finland in the 1990s
Stock market response to research and development expenditures of the firm in the context of mergers and acquisitions
Operational efficiency of forest energy supply chains in different operational environments
Writing for publication and reading and language arts
A safer municipality : the Safe Community operating model as a support for local safety planning
Recording industry in numbers : the definitive source of global music market information
Developing knowledge workers in the printing and publishing industries : education, training and knowledge management in the publishing supply chain from the creator to the consumer
The Unification of Italy in 1870 heralded a period of unprecedented change. While successive Liberal governments pursued imperial ventures and took Italy into World War One on the Allied side, on the domestic front technological advance, the creation of a national transport network, the expansion of state education, internal migration to cities and the rise of political associations all contributed to the rapid expansion of the print industry and the development of new and highly diversified reading publics. Drawing on publishers' archives, letters, diaries, and printed material, this book provides the most up-to-date research into the printed media - books, magazines and journals - in Italy between 1870 and 1914.
Introduction to the music industry : an entrepreneurial approach
Transatlantic stories and the history of reading, 1720-1810 : migrant fictions
Books : the culture and commerce of publishing
Chinese publishing : homeland of printing
The art and science of book publishing
International literary market place (ILMP). 1987-88
The differences in the working relationship between a literary translator and an editor in the context of a big and a small Finnish publisher
"Song publishing is the one constant in the carousel of recorded music now spanning the past century, and has been the way that song-credits and publishing revenue have caused ructions and recriminations, and inspired writers by making them poor and lawyers rich. Whether it be Procul Harum going to court to decide who really wrote 'Whiter Shade of Pale' or the Moody Blues wanting their fair share of 'Nights of White Satin', when the song-credits get divvied up, a parting of the ways citing 'musical differences' is almost inevitable. So here are some choice examples of poplore held up to the light, some familiar to music fans others not, designed to prove that Dylan knew of what he wrote when he suggested, 'Money doesn't talk, it swears'. Between them, they provide the unvarnished story of popular song from the days jukeboxes and radio replaced wax cylinders and piano rolls to the era of digital downloads, legal and illegal..."--Publisher's description.
A sixteenth-century Spanish bookstore : the inventory of Juan de Junta
Wired : a romance
Where have all the good times gone? : the rise and fall of the record industry
Rolling our own : women as printers, publishers and distributors
Giambattista Bodoni : his life & his world
Tin Pan Alley : The composers, the songs, the performers and their times : The Golden ate of American Popular Music from 1886 to 1956
Electronic publishing : strategic developments for the European publishing industry towards the year 2000
Daydreams of an editor
Publishers' international ISBN directory
A history of British publishing
Electronic publishing : problems and promises : "The Gutenberg galaxy in the age of Star Wars" : a seminar on the state of the art and the future prospects for scientific and technical electronic publishing
The textile directory 2007
Explores the activities of William Chambers and the W & R Chambers publishing firm during its formative years, documenting for the first time how new technologies - not just in communication, but also in transportation - were integrated into existing business systems.
Book 2010 : development trends in the book trade - summary
The book publishing industry in the United States
It's one for the money : the song snatchers who carved up a century of pop & sparked a musical revolution
Publishing the postcolonial : Anglophone West African and Caribbean writing in the UK, 1948-1968
Download! : how the internet transformed the record business
Aldus Manutius : a legacy more lasting than bronze
The Estonian Book : history development figures
Libraries and publishers : proceedings of the IATUL Seminar, Sheffield, United Kingdom, July 4-8, 1994
Geographies of the book
The literary web : literature and publishing in the age of digital production : a study in the sociology of literature
Getting it published : a guide for scholars and anyone else serious about serious books
Between covers : the rise and transformation of book publishing in America
This book explores the impact that the "African Writers Series" had on the on the development of African writing in English in the 1960's by examining the works of such authors as George Lamming, Samuel Selvon, Wilson Harris, Derek Walcott, Amos Tutuola, Chinua Achebe, Ngugi Wa Thiongo, and Wole Soyinka. It takes into account recent debates in the discipline of book history, notably issues regarding the study of social, cultural, and economic questions of authorship, publishing histories, canon formation, and the production, distribution and reception of texts in the literary marketplace. BiographyGail Low teaches contemporary writing and publishing in English at the University of Dundee. She has co-edited A Black British Canon? and is the author of White Skins/Black Masks: Representation and Colonialism (Routledge, 1996).
FIEJ untamed and still growing after four decades = FIEJ vaikuttaa maailman huipulla
Print culture and peripheries in early modern Europe : a contribution to the history of printing and the book trade in small European and Spanish cities
The book triumphant : print in transition in the sixteenth and seventeenth centuries
Global books in print plus
The impact of electronic media on trade book publishing
"Eve Tavor Bannet explores some of the remarkable stories about the Atlantic world that shaped Britons' and Americans' perceptions of that world. These stories about women, servants, the poor and the dispossessed were frequently rewritten or reframed by editors and printers in America and Britain for changing audiences, times and circumstances. Bannet shows how they were read by examining what contemporaries said about them and did with them; in doing so, she reveals the creatively dynamic and unstable character of transatlantic print culture. Stories include the 'other' Robinson Crusoe and works by Penelope Aubin, Rowlandson, Chetwood, Tyler, Kimber, Richardson, Gronniosaw, Equiano, Cugoano Marrant, Samson Occom, Mackenzie and Pratt"--Provided by publisher.
Perspectives on American book history : artifacts and commentary
Publishing in the organizational sciences
Two case studies on real time quality cost measurement in software business
Kohn on music licensing
The knowledge context : comparative perspectives on the distribution of knowledge
"Pool's behind-the-scenes look at the institution of book reviewing analyzes how it works and why it often fails, describes how editors choose books for review and assign them to reviewers, examines the additional roles played by publishers, authors, and readers and contrasts traditional reviewing with newer, alternative book coverage." -- Provided by publisher.
Dear genius : the letters of Ursula Nordstrom
Behind the zines : self-publishing culture
"Gutenberg's invention of movable type in the fifteenth century introduced an era of mass communication that permanently altered the structure of society. While publishing has been buffeted by persistent upheaval and transformation ever since, the current combination of technological developments, market pressures, and changing reading habits has led to an unprecedented paradigm shift in the world of books. Bringing together a wide range of perspectives - industry veterans and provocateurs, writers, editors, and digital mavericks - this invaluable collection reflects on the current situation of literary publishing, and provides a road map for the shifting geography of its future: How do editors and publishers adapt to this rapidly changing world? How are vibrant public communities in the Digital Age created and engaged? How can an industry traditionally dominated by white men become more diverse and inclusive? Mindful of the stakes of the ongoing transformation, Literary Publishing in the 21st Century goes beyond the usual discussion of 'print vs. digital' to uncover the complex, contradictory, and increasingly vibrant personalities that will define the future of the book"--
The Publishing game : bestseller in 30 days
The electronic publishing business and its market
The memoirs of a publisher
Value co-creation through virtual community environment in magazine publishing industry : case: Oma Olivia
Literary folios and ideas of the book in early modern England
"Not a single note may be changed!" : towards a critical edition of Toivo Kuula's songs
National endeavours in Central and Eastern Europe : as reflected in the publications of the university press of Buda 1777-1848
What does it mean to publish today? In the face of a changing media landscape, institutional upheavals, and discursive shifts in the legal, artistic, and political fields, concepts of ownership, authorship, work, accessibility, and publicity are being renegotiated. The field of publishing not only stands at the intersection of these developments but is also introducing new ruptures. How the traditional publishing framework has been cast adrift, and which opportunities are surfacing in its stead, is discussed here by artists, publishers, and scholars through the examination of recent publishing concepts emerging from the experimental literature and art scene, where publishing is often part of an encompassing artistic practice. The number and diversity of projects among the artists, writers, and publishers concerned with these matters show that it is time to move the question of publishing from the margin to the center of aesthetic and academic discourse.
An empire of books : the Naval Kishore Press and the diffusion of the printed word in colonial India
Strategic study on new opportunities for publishers in the information services market : main report
Creating postcolonial literature : African writers and British publishers
Inside book publishing
Yhteenveto (Summary)
The literary underground of the Old Regime
Boosey & Hawkes : the publishing story
Bookmaking : the illustrated guide to design/production/editing
Whitaker/Bowker Global Bookbank : Finder Service. 1996, January, February, March, April, May, June, July, August
The Geographical Society of Finland as a publisher
Golden legacy : the story of Golden Books
The brave new world of publishing : the symbiotic relationship between printing and book publishing
Spreading the word : editors on poetry
How to write and sell short stories
Modes of production of Victorian novels
Analysis of procurement processes and volumes
"Introduces a cutting-edge selection of international zines and examines their role as a catalyst in the evolution of media and graphic design today. The book presents the broad range of existing zines that combine thought-provoking content with compelling design: from project-oriented portfolios and (pseudo) scientific treatises to playrooms where creatives can run riot and publications in which the printing process significantly influences aesthetics. It not only describes the key factors that distinguish various zines, but--through interviews with people involved in their production and distribution--also sheds light on various strategies for this evolving media form."--Publisher's website.
Printed matters : printing, publishing and urban culture in Europe in the modern period
The printed book in Brittany, 1484-1600
The Roman book : books, publishing and performance in classical Rome
Faint praise : the plight of book reviewing in America
The appearance of print in eighteenth-century fiction
European specialist publishers directory
Anglo-russkij slovar' po poligrafii i izdatel'skomu delu : okolo 30 000 terminov = English-Russian dictionary of graphic arts and publishing : approx. 30 000 terms
Books in Latvia : From author to reader
The publication of plays in London 1660-1800 : playwrights, publishers and the market
The grand chorus of complaint : authors and the business ethics of American publishing
The Frankenstein of 1790 and other lost chapters from revolutionary France
Livingston's complete music industry business and law reference book
J. S. Bach, the Breitkopfs, and eighteenth-century music trade
Publishing as artistic practice
The prose factory : literary life in England since 1918
Education and cultural conditions in Hungary : 1960-1980
The food sector in transition - Nordic research : proceedings of NJF-seminar no. 313, June 2000
Environmental sustainability in the Finnish printing and publishing industry
The world of Time inc. : the intimate history of a changing enterprise. 3, 1960-1980
Multidisciplinary rehabilitation after primary total knee arthroplasty:a study of its effects on health- related quality of life, functional capacity and cost-effectiveness
Publishing, printing, and the origins of intellectual life in Russia, 1700-1800
Publishing for profit : successful bottom-line management for book publishers
Strategic developments for the European publishing industry towards the year 2000 : Europe's multimedia challenge : executive summary
The Art of literary publishing : editors on their craft
Electronic literature publishing and distribution in Europe
Publish and perish : the organizational ecology of newspaper industries
Writing a novel and getting published for dummies
The forest for the trees : an editor's advice to writers
Books and society in history : papers of the Association of College and Research Libraries Rare Books and Manuscripts Preconference 24-28 June, 1980, Boston, Massachusetts
Tyranny of the textbook : an insider exposes how educational materials undermine reforms
WSOY editorial system for dictionaries
Literary taste, culture and mass communication. Vol. 12, Bookselling, reviewing and reading
Label launch : a guide to independent record recording, promotion, and distribution
The Brahms-Keller correspondence
The Publishing game : publish a book in 30 days
Books and publishers : commerce against culture in postwar Britain
William Parks : the colonial printer in the transatlantic world of the eighteenth century
Thank you for not reading : essays on literary trivia
New international dictionary of acronyms in library and information science and related fields
Print and production finishes for brochures and catalogs
Logos : the professional journal for the book world
On the publishing and dissemination of music, 1500-1850
Publishing research quarterly
Small worlds : Ivo Zelezny, publisher, and Jan Petr Velkoborský, translator, on why Czechs read Finnish books
