http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20479 rapeseed
rapeseed
Abstracts of the 11th international rapeseed congress, Copenhagen, Denmark, 6.-10. July 2003 : Towards enhanced value of cruciferous oilseed crops by optimal production and use of the high quality seed components
This paper presents the results of a 3-year field experiment conducted on soil with moderate levels of boron (B) in north-eastern Poland to determine the influence of foliar application of B (0, 150 and 300 g ha-1) on the yield components, yield, mineral composition, nutritional value and feed value of winter oilseed rape seeds. Foliar application of B at the beginning of bud formation in winter oilseed rape increased seed yield by 0.19 (3%) at the lower B fertilization level to 0.26 Mg ha-1 (4%) at the higher B fertilization level. The observed increase in the yield of winter oilseed rape seeds in response to foliar application of B can be attributed to this micronutrient's positive influence on seed production in siliques. Foliar fertilization with B increased B content and decreased Zn and Fe levels in the seeds of winter oilseed rape. When B fertilizer was applied at the rate of 150-300 g ha-1, the N and Ca content of the evaluated seeds increased. The fertilizer improved the nutritional value (crude fat content, fatty acid concentrations) of seeds, but deteriorated their feed value (total protein content, acid detergent fiber concentrations, neutral detergent fiber concentrations, quantitative and qualitative composition of glucosinolates)..
Natural enemy conservation for the integrated control of the rape blossom beetle Meligethes aeneus F.
Influence of porcine fat saturation of fat- and water-holding capacities of cooked sausage
Occurrence and dynamics of Nosema meligethi (Microsporida) in populations of Meligethes aeneus (Coleoptera, Nitidulidae) in Finland
Studies on the seed-specific napA promoter and of transcription factors binding to the promoter in vitro
The extracellular regulation of bone morphogenetic proteins in Drosophila and sawfly wing
Rapeseed today and tomorrow : proceedings of the ninth international rapeseed congress, 4 to 7 July 1995, Cambridge, United Kingdom
Yield and quality of winter oilseed rape (Brassica napus L.) seeds in response to foliar application of boron
Rapeseed : chemistry and technology
Absolute advantages of Finnish agriculture : why not commercialised?
Agronomy, production and nutrient status of Brassica juncea and Brassica napus under Swedish conditions
The biotechnology revolution in global agriculture : innovation, invention, and investment in the canola industry
Biocontrol-based integrated management of oilseed rape pests
Turnip rape and oilseed rape allergy in children with atopic dermatitis
Clubroot, caused by Plasmodiophora brassicae Woronin, is a serious plant disease of cruciferous plants. A field survey of occurrence of clubroot in oilseed fields was conducted in Finland in 2007−2009 and in 1984−1989. At present, the disease is distributed throughout the oilseed cultivation area. Clubroot was found on average from 30% of fields, but its severity was low; fields with high numbers of infected plants and plants with severe symptoms were rare. According to the survey, cultivation frequency of cruciferous plants is the most important factor affecting clubroot occurrence and severity. Clubroot was found in soils with a wide range of pH-values (pH 5-7.6), but symptoms were most severe at low pH. According to the survey, and greenhouse and field trials, high temperature and moisture during the early growth period seem to favour disease development and can cause significant yield losses. In a survival trial, clubroot declined to close to zero after four years in the absence of host plants, but traces of the pathogen were still detectable after a 19-year trial period, making eradication of the pathogen very difficult.
Gene flow from transgenic crop plants to wild populations
Biocontrol of oilseed rape pests
Properties of muscle fibers in traditionally fed and unsaturated-fat-fed pigs
Genetic glass ceilings : transgenics for crop biodiversity
Impact of predators on pollen beetle Meligethes aeneus on rapeseed in Finland
Oilseed rape book : a manual for growers, farmers and advisers
Canola and rapeseed : production, processing, food quality, and nutrition
Studies of the glucosinolate-myrosinase system in relation to insect herbivory on oilseed rape (Brassica napus) and in Arabidopsis thaliana
Genetically modified organisms (GMOs) : the significance of gene flow through pollen transfer
Seed loss as a result of pod shatter in spring rape and spring turnip rape in Finland : Research Note
Oxidative process effects on unsaturated fat fed pigs meat during high oxygen packaging
Rapeseed : determination of chlorophyll content : spectrometric method
The control of insect pests in oil seed rape : deltamethrin file
Biocontrol of the pollen beetle in rapeseed : which strategy?
Occurrence of Plasmodiophora brassicae in Finnish turnip rape and oilseed rape fields
Towards enhanced value of cruciferous oilseed crops by optimal production and use of the high quality seed components : proceedings of the 11th international rapeseed congress, Copenhagen, Denmark, 6.-10. July 2003
Oilseed rape transformed with a pea lectin gene : target and non-target insects, plant competition, and farmer attitudes
Virallisten lajikekokeiden tulokset 1995-2002 = Results of offical variety trials 1995-2002
Virallisten lajikekokeiden tulokset 2001-2008 = Results of official variety trials 2001-2008
Energy and exergy analyses of bioenergy crops and rapeseed oil methyl ester production
Rapeseed : Cultivation, composition, processing and utilization
Greenhouse gas emissions from peat and biomass-derived fuels, electricity and heat : estimation of various production chains by using LCA methodology
Climate change and genetically modified insecticidal plants : plant-herbivore interactions and secondary chemistry of Bt Cry I Ac-Toxin producing oilseed rape (Brassica napus L.) under elevated CO2 or O3
DNA markers in genetic analysis of rapeseed (Brassica rapa ssp. oleifera and Brassica napus
Biological and agrotechnical control of the rape blossom beetle Meligethes aeneus (Coleoptera, Nitidulidae)
Polymer coated turnip rape seed did not facilitate early broadcast sowing under Finnish growing conditions
Insect pests and their natural enemies on spring oilseed rape in Estonia : impact of cropping systems
The effect of competition on winter rape (Bassica napus L.) development : evaluation of a field experiment by ANOVA and principal component analysis
Biological control of oilseed rape pests with entomopathogenic nematodes
Canola and rapeseed : production, chemistry, nutrition and processing technology
Biodiesel production : diversification of feedstock
Key pests and their parasitoids on spring and winter oilseed rape in Estonia
