http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20462 publishing editors
publishing editors
Inside book publishing
Fifty shades darker
Purchasing and supply management : text and cases
All that is
The siren
Strategic procurement : : organizing suppliers and supply chains for competitive advantage
Translation under negotiation : the textual interplay of translators and editors in contemporary Finnish Shakespeare translation
Homecoming
The beginner's goodbye : a novel
Towards a civic society : the Baltic media's long road to freedom : perspectives on history, ethnicity and journalism
Unbinding the Japanese novel in English translation : the Alfred A. Knopf program, 1955 – 1977
Editors talk about editing : insights for readers, writers and publishers
Tarantula's web : John Hayward, T.S. Eliot and their circle
Thank you for not reading : essays on literary trivia
Baby proof
Dear genius : the letters of Ursula Nordstrom
The beginner's goodbye
Fifty shades freed
The purchasing chessboard : 64 methods to reduce cost and increase value with suppliers
Translation under negotiation : The textual interplay of translators and editors in contemporary Finnish Shakespeare translation
Today's intense competition forces companies to improve their operations and track costs more accurately than before. Fast industrialism in China and continually increasing expenses in companies have made them to face the fact that the time of easy profits and cheap prices are long gone. Global sourcing and purchasing has opened multiple new opportunities for different companies but total cost calculations for these acquisitions can be complex and time consuming. But even rough averages from these calculations can help companies to identify the main cost drivers of different acquisitions and add purchasing cost know-how. This thesis was commissioned by Etola Industrial Products (Tianjin) Ltd that is located in Tianjin, China. The objective of the thesis was to determine the cost elements that occur in international and local purchasing, to build a total cost calculation for two different options to buy pressure lubrication unit components and to compare these two total cost calculations. Data used in this study is collected from purchasing literature, company documents, by interviewing Etola China CEO, department managers and suppliers. Time drivers used in total cost calculations were timed in Etola China factory in Tianjin China during normal working hours. In the theoretical part of the thesis global sourcing and purchasing, supplier evaluation and selection, and total cost of ownership are introduced. The theoretical part is based on purchasing literature and internet sources. In the theoretical part the basic information of the purchasing process, supplier evaluation and total cost calculation are introduced to provide the understanding of the cost drivers of purchase. The results from total cost calculations that were conducted in the empirical part of the thesis revealed significant costs in indirect cost drivers that have not been calculated before..The total cost comparison between two options revealed the effect that continually strengthening Chinese Yuan has on European supplier prices. Chinese Yuan has appreciated a lot within last year and some of the European suppliers? prices have already become more affordable than Chinese suppliers' products. The objectives of the thesis were achieved and the results that it provided are valuable for Etola China. With the help of the total cost analysis conducted in the thesis, Etola China can identify costs in international as well as in local acquisitions and to improve its purchasing to be more profitable. By using the TCO tool, Etola China purchasing can achieve cost savings and improve its position on continually leaner Chinese markets.
Strategic procurement : organizing suppliers and supply chains for competitive advantage
Music for a mixed taste : style, genre, and meaning in Telemann's instrumental works
The differences in the working relationship between a literary translator and an editor in the context of a big and a small Finnish publisher
All that is : a novel
Global supplier evaluation in China : Etola Industrial Products (Tianjin) Ltd
The Art of literary publishing : editors on their craft
