http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20494 service trades
service trades
Panorama of EC industry : Statistical supplement 1992. Latest information on manufacturing and service industries in the European Community
The future of services management
Understanding services management : integrating marketing, organisational behaviour, operations and human resource management
Managing services : marketing, operations, and human resources
The new service society
Yield management : strategies for the service industries
From combines to computers : rural services and development in the age of information technology
Managing and marketing services in the 1990s
Britain's urban boom : the new economics of cities
e-Service : new directions in theory and practice
Summary: 'This is an essential resource for managers and scholars interested in services marketing. It covers the topic comprehensively and in novel ways. All the luminaries in the field are represented. Buy this book and you will be up to date on the field.' - Valarie Zeithaml, UNC Kenan-Flagler Business School, US. The Handbook of Service Marketing Research brings together an all-star team of leading researchers in service marketing to explore many of the hottest topics in service marketing today. Cutting-edge topics include: customer relationships and loyalty, customer-centered metrics, managing customer contacts, product and pricing, digital service marketing, rethinking the marketing function, and service for society. This book, which includes authors from both academia and industry, will provide academics with an invaluable current view of the field and practitioners with a window into the latest academic thinking. With chapters from internationally renowned contributors, this comprehensive yet concise Handbook will appeal to service marketing academics, researchers and service practitioners.
Liberalizing service trade : strategies for success
Productivity, innovation and knowledge in services : new economic and socio-economic approaches
Operations management in service industries and the public sector : text and cases
The service edge : 101 companies that profit from customer care
Handbook of service marketing research
Services : statistics on value added and employment = Services : statistiques sur la valeur ajoutée et l'emploi
Squeezing a new service into a crowded market
Harnessing markets for biodiversity : towards conservation and sustainable use
Service management effectiveness : balancing strategy, organization and human resources, operations and marketing
Driving customer equity : how  customer lifetime value is reshaping corporate strategy
Deming's 14 points applied to services
Handbook of service science
Sources of housemaid studies
Entering new markets : the case of Weleda Inc
Structural and demographic business statistics
The regulatory challenge
Professional services in the EU internal market : quality regulation and self-regulation
Trade in services and imperfect competition : application to international aviation
The link between energy & human activity
Service economy revolution and digitalisation : Finland's growth potential
Client-centered service : how to keep them coming back for more
At the service quality frontier : a handbook for managers, consultants, and other pioneers
The handbook of service business : management, marketing, innovation and internationalisation
Quality dynamics in professional services : lectio precursoria vid Svenska handelshögskolan 19.2.1999
Application of a service blueprint to the operations of an international company
Enhancing the performance of the services sector
Panorama of EC industry
The professions and services in the European Economic Community
Output measurement in the service sectors
Quality oriented services marketing
External services, structural change and industrial performance : background report for "The European competitiveness report 2000"
But we are different : quality for the service sector
Service science, management and engineering : education for the 21st century
Panorama of EU industry 97 : an extensive review of the situation and outlook of the manufacturing and service industries in the European Union. Volume 1
Sedentary and nomadic Sami in a research context
Are they being served? : quality consciousness in service industries
Services marketing : a strategic approach
Managing the service economy : prospects and problems : essays commissioned for the inaugural conference of the Fishman-Davidson Center for the study of the service sector, Wharton School, University of Pennsylvania
Executive summary (s. 7-16).
Globalization of services : some implications for theory and practice
Indicators of industry and services
Service worlds : people, organisations, technologies
Panorama of EC industry 1991-1992 : describing over 180 sectors of the European Community's industry, including both manufacturing and services
Panorama of EU industry 97 : an extensive review of the situation and outlook of the manufacturing and service industries in the European Union. Volume 2
The objective of this study was to gather information about the Brazilian market. The analytical approach was conducted at both macro and micro levels with a focus on the Brazilian IT sector and the field of digital marketing. This work aims at determine whether the market in questions possess the minimum requirements or even potential opportunities that would allow Rio Digital Oy, a Finnish digital agency, to successfully expand their business there. This thesis was commissioned by Rio Digital Oy, a Vantaa-based firm, as they intended to know learn more about the Brazilian market. This study was carried out in order to provide them with reliable and accurate background information which would aid Rio Digital in their decision-making process regarding company's expansion to Brazil. Methodology used was qualitative research due to the exploratory nature of this work as it intended to uncover trends and provide insights. Data was collected from governmental websites and official organizations as well as interviews with key persons active in Brazil. Theoretical basis for this research lies in PESTEL Analysis for the macro-level analysis where factors such as economic, political, and legal environment and national culture were analyzed. The empirical part of this research consists of the micro-level analysis which investigated the Brazilian digital marketing market and its main players and trends through interviews and analyze of specialized reports. The findings indicates that Brazil offers reasonable overall conditions such as economic and political stability that would justify the market entry. Also the country's IT rapid growth fueled by an emerging population with increasing purchase power poses a great opportunity for digital agencies such as Rio Digital Oy. In addition to that, this study concludes that the biggest opportunities to be seized by Rio Digital Oy are in the area of mobile application development and big data analysis. Information about the commissioner company considered sensitive has been edited out in this version.
The service advantage : how to identify and fulfill customer needs
The service industries journal
Panorama of EC industry 93 : an extensive review of the situation and outlook of the manufacturing and service industries in the European Community
World investment report. 2004, The shift towards services
Strategic management of professional service firms
"Essentials of Services Marketing delivers streamlined coverage of services marketing topics with an exciting global outlook. With its visual learning aids and clear language, students read less to learn more. For undergraduate services marketing courses."--Publisher's website.
Management of service businesses in Japan
Service management : operations, strategy, and information technology
China's service sector : a new battlefield for international corporations
The Oxford companion to the economics of China
Service management and marketing : managing the moments of truth in service competition
Internationalisation and changing skill needs in European small firms : the services sector
Essentials of services marketing
Services and the knowledge-based economy
Service operations management
Services marketing quarterly
Working in the service society
Service firms' action upon negative incidents in high touch services : a narrative study
Competing through services : strategy and implementation : cases and text
Services marketing
Services : statistics on value added and employment
Working environment as a competition factor in the service industry?.
Service science
Executive summary (s. 7-8).
Uncommon service : how to win by putting customers at the core of your business
Helsinki : a city of services
Service management : operations, strategy, information technology
Service operations management : improving service delivery
Managing the professional service firm
Asia and Europe : services liberalisation
The service sector in Finland : A nordic lilliputian
The Red Riviera : gender, tourism, and postsocialism on the Black Sea
Rio Digital's expansion to Brazil : a multi-level analysis of the Brazilian market
The role of the tertiary sector in regional policy : report of a comparative study and summaries of the nine national reports on which it is based
Insights into services and innovation in the knowledge-intensive economy
Discipline and governmentality at work : making the subject and subjectivity in modern tertiary labour
Service operations management : strategy, design and delivery
Executive summary (s. 7-14).
Service management : strategy and leadership in service business
Service America! : doing business in the new economy
After industrial society? : The emerging self-service economy
Local development and employment initiatives : an investigation in the European Union
The services economy : lever to growth
Industrial services and service contracts : a proactive approach
Services in the global market
Networks and regional development
Emotional labor in the service economy
Innovation and productivity in services
Values-based service for sustainable business : lessons from IKEA
Service marketing
Taxing cross-border services : current worldwide practices and the need for change
Conceptualizing productivity in services : lectio precursoria vid Svenska handelshögskolan 19.2.1999
Trade in services - market access opportunities and the benefits of liberalization for developing economies
Management in service industries
The marketing of services
Services marketing : text and cases
Marketing plans for services : a complete guide
Innovation and knowledge-intensive service activities
