http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2047 sea transport
sea transport
IMSBC code : International Maritime Solid Bulk Cargoes Code
INSROP programme report 1993-1998 : summary and statistics of all INSROP products and activities
Chemical/parcel tankers : their gargoes, their desing and their markets
Matros : sub-project "Maritime transports and best practice in hinterland planning" : case study
Abtract.
Review of maritime transport, 2001 : report by the UNCTAD secretariat
Cargo traffic on the Helsinki-Tallinn route
Code for the construction and equipment of ships carrying dangerous chemicals in bulk (BCH Code)
Safety culture and maritime personnel's safety attitudes : interview report
The shipmaster's business self-examiner
Vakiolaivausehdot 1996 / Standard shipping terms 1996 / Finnish Section of the ICC
Book it right and pack it tight. 4, For fork lift operators and cargo handlers
Cargo stowage and securing : a guide to good practice
A study of bills of lading fraud
Maritime security - current problems in the Baltic Sea : conference in cooperation with the International Tribunal for the Law of the Sea, May 9th-11th, 2007
British tramps, coasters and colliers
Market analysis of shipping MBA programs
Storck guide : stowage & segregation to IMDG Code including amdt. 35-10
Global responses to maritime violence : cooperation and collective action
Parties to a contract of carriage : or who can sue on a contract of carriage of goods?
Commodity trade (by sea) statistics. 1980, Maritime transport study : analysis by type of goods moved during 1977-1980 between regions of the world
Carrier's liability under the Hague, Hague-Visby and Hamburg rules
International code for the construction and equipment of ships carrying dangerous chemicals in bulk (IBC Code) : resolution MSC.4(48) including proposed amendments and resolution MEPC.19(22)
Laiva 2025 : development and change factors of Finnish maritime dry cargo transport
The handbook of maritime economics and business
Short sea shipping
Transforming maritime safety culture : evaluation of the impacts of the ISM Code on maritime safety culture in Finland
IMSBC code : International Maritime Solid Bulk Cargoes Code: incorporating amendment 01-11 and supplement
Vakiolaivausehdot 2008 = Standard shipping terms 2008
Externalities of shipping in the Gulf of Finland until 2015
The carriage of goods by sea under the Rotterdam rules
Down to the sea in ships : of ageless oceans and modern men
Payne and Ivamy's carriage of goods by sea
Where rails meet the sea : America̕ s connections between ships & trains
The sea and history
This thesis was planned according to the needs of the case company, which is a Finnish company in the brewing and soft drink industry. The company's interest was to ease the tendering of sea freight when exporting. The project objective was to design an electronic tendering form for sea freight. In order to collect data to support the designing of the form, a literature review and a small-scale qualitative research were. The literature review studied maritime export and tendering process, as well as the transportation of the export goods. The author implemented a qualitative research in order to gain a deeper understanding of freight forwarding, freight rates and the features that would make the tendering form functional. The author interviewed three (3) freight-forwarding companies for the research. The author also studied the case company's previously used method of tendering. The data collection methods for this consisted of interviews, phone calls and emails with the contact people from the case company, as well as secondary data in the form of previous tenders. The time span of the project was roughly a year. The contract was signed in December 2012 and the project was completed in November 2013. The outcome of the project is an Excel document, which encloses instructions sheet, tender sheets, an additional sheet to ease the collection of primary data from the tenders, as well as a complementary cover letter containing further information required by the tenderers. The final products of the thesis is available in the Attachments 7, 8, 9 and 10.
Transition from air freight to maritime shipments and hub model : export processes at Bayer Oy
An Introduction to shipping economics
Goods in transit and freight forwarding
The VII ECMLR : contracts in shipping - flexibility, foreseeability, reasonableness
MARPOL Annex VI and NTC 2008 : with guidelines for implementation
Viability of part cargoes in tramp shipping company's routing and scheduling decisions
Legal and documentary aspects of the French and Latin American marine insurance legal regimes : report
IMSBC Code : International Maritime Solid Bulk Cargoes Code
Storck guide : stowage & segregation to IMDG Code including amdt. 34-08
IMDG Code : International Maritime Dangerous Goods Code : incorporating amendment 35-10. Volume 2
The sea and the civilization : a maritime history of the world
Cases & materials on the carriage of goods by sea
Shipping and ships for the 1990's : proceedings of the international conference " Supply and demand of water transport" June 18-19, 1979
Carriage of goods by sea
Norwegian cargo insurance
Book it right and pack it tight. 2, For shipping lines and freight sales agencies
Marine cargo claims. Vol 2, Chapters 32 to 46, national summaries and index
Maritime transportation in the Gulf of Finland in 2007 and in 2015
Redesign of transfer capabilities : studies in container shipping services
Meripakkausohje = Guidelines for marine transport packing
Survey of transportation of liquid bulk chemicals in the Baltic Sea
Marine cargo claims. Vol 1, Chapters 1 to 31
Advances in maritime logistics and supply chain systems
Revised MARPOL annex VI : regulations for the prevention of air pollution from ships and NOx Technical Code 2008.
The shipbrokers' manual. Vol. 1
Commodity trade (by sea) statistics. Results of the maritime transport study for the years 1969-1972 : analysis by type of goods moved during 1969-1972 between regions of the world
Oil transportation in the Gulf of Finland in 2020 and 2030
Liquified petroleum gas tanker practice
Review of maritime transport : report by the Secretariat of UNCTAD
Comet : submerged cultural resources site report, Channel Islands National Park
Morskoj anglo-russkij slovar' : okolo 60000 terminov = Marine English-Russian dictionary : about 60000 terms
Introduction to P & I
The Rotterdam Rules : a practical annotation
Markets of seaborne multimodal transport
The big noisy book of things that go
Strategic management of port operations : a theoretical review of the concepts of strategic management with some practical applications to main general cargo ports in Finland
Sea transport in the Baltic Sea region
Passage Planning Guide - English Channel and Dover Strait
Law and practice of the obligations of the carrier over the cargo : The Hague-Visby rules
Electronic documents in maritime trade : law and practice
Integrated transport and logistical developments in Europe
Sea transport in ice-covered waters
Code of Safe Practice for Ships Carrying Timber Deck Cargoes, 2011
The history and economics of transport
Time charters
Development of an orientation folder for DSV Air & Sea Oy
Maritime logistics : a complete guide to effective shipping and port management
International encyclopedia of comparative law : under the auspices of the International Association of Legal Science. Volume 12, Law of transport : Chapter 4 : Maritime transportation
Liquefied gas carriers : your personal safety guide
Carrier's obligations and liabilities in international sea carriage : a comparative study of the nordic maritime codes, chinese martime code and Rotterdam rules
Treatises on the Baltcon-Chaterparty
Shipping law and EC competition law
Forest products : April 1989.
Maritime safety in the Gulf of Finland : review on policy instruments
Research survey : SeaBridge Concepts
"On the legal development of the electronic bill of lading"
Dangerous goods transportation inspection programme, January through September 1988 : final report
2010 HNS Convention : International Convention on Liability and Compensation for Damage in Connection with the Carriage of Hazardous and Noxious Substances by Sea, 2010 : including verview of the 2010 HNS Convention, Guidelines on reporting of HNS contributing cargo, Final Act of the International Conference of 2010 on the Revision of the HNS Convention and resolutions of the conference
Factors influencing the choice of transportation route of discharge in transactions from UK to Finland
Towards sea waybills and electronic documents
Tanker handbook for deck officers
Storck guide : stowage & segregation to IMDG Code including amdt. 37-14
Information systems supporting maritime logistics process
BC code : code of safe practice for solid bulk cargoes, 2004.
Abstract: This study was commissioned by Ewals Cargo Care, which transports cargo with Mega trailers in Europe using a number of intermodal solutions to achieve cost-efficient transport for the needs of the customers. The main objective of this study was to determine the estimated sea freight rates increase in 2015 when the tighter sulphur directive will come into force. The objective was also to find out the current situation and the commercial value of the Baltic Sea as well as solutions for the ship-ping companies to respond to tighter sulphur directive.  The purpose of this study was to calculate the estimated increase of the sea freight rates in a few routes so that Ewals Cargo Care could prepare for possible rise in pric-es in the near future. The study was divided into theoretical and empirical part with equal proportions. Theory section introduces the commercial situation of the Baltic Sea, the sulphur directive and the structure of the shipping costs.  In the empirical analysis part the new freight rates were calculated, solutions for tighter suphur directive challenges was searched and two interviews were held with shipping companies which are in cooperation with Ewals Cargo Care. Interviews and calculations are also the part of the execution of the study which also is the major research process.  After the empirical part of the study results were reviewed and conclusions of the studied subject were presented. Frames of the interviews, tables of the current and new freight rates are attached in the end of the study.
Modern bills of lading
Efficient deck hand
The legislative future of carriage of goods by sea : could it not be the UNCITRAL draft?
BCH code : code for the construction and equipment of ships carrying dangerous chemicals in bulk
750 years of harbour cranes in Antwerp
Commodity trade (by sea) statistics. Maritime transport study for the years 1975-1978 : analysis by type of goods moved during 1975-1978 between regions of the world
International encyclopedia of comparative law : under the auspices of the International Association of Legal Science. Volume 12, Law of transport : Chapter 5 : Inland navigation
Review of maritime transport, 2002 : report by the UNCTAD secretariat
Guidelines for the development of shipboard marine pollution emergency plans
Book it right and pack it tight. 1, For shippers & forwarders
Chartering documents
BCH CODE : code for the construction and equipment of ships carrying dangerous chemicals in bulk
The law of towage
E-Port : improving the efficiency of Finnish ports with intelligent systems : final report of the Mobile Port project
Casebook on carriage by sea
Casebook on carriage of goods by sea
From sugar triangle to cotton triangle : trade and shipping between America and Baltic Russia, 1783-1860
NewHansa of Sustainable Ports and Cities newsletter
The law of demurrage
Guidelines for the provisional assessment of liquids transported in bulk
Economics of maritime transport : theory and practice
Bunkering operations : safe oil transfer procedures
Designing a sea freight e-tendering form for export purposes : Company X
Reeds Sea Transport / Patrick M. Alderton
Introduction to marine cargo management
Maritime affairs : a world handbook : a reference guide for modern ocean policy and management
This thesis was commissioned by the sea import department of DSV Air & Sea Oy. The purpose of this final thesis was to create an orientation folder for a new employee and for the use of the current employees acting as their instructor. As the need for the thesis rose from practice, the thesis type is functional final thesis.    Methods used in this final thesis include a theoretical framework, an interview with the HR-manager of DSV Finland and utilization of writer's own professional experience. The theoretical framework is combined from the theory of orientation and basics of freight forwarding and sea mode transportation. The theory of orientation is build from the definition of orientation, reasons and benefits of it, what the actual orientation process is and the evaluation of the orientation at the end of the process. The theory of freight forwarding and sea mode transportation in the latter part of the theoretical framework gives an insight to the traffic coordinator's work by introducing importing from the third countries as well as different customs procedures.     The orientation folder was divided in to two parts based on the results of the theoretical framework, employment related issues and instructor's guidebook. The first part, employment related issues, is targeted for the new employee to introduce them to the practical issues regarding employment at DSV Air & Sea Oy. The second part, the instructor's guidebook, is for the use of both the new employee as well as their instructor. The instructor's guidebook aims to give the new employee all the essential, basic guidelines of the work of a traffic coordinator. The actual product is not included in this thesis due to the confidential nature of the company information it contains.    The implementation chapter of the thesis report contains a portrayal of the methods used to develop the final product as well a description of the orientation folder. Evaluation of the final product is also included in the implementation. The final part of the thesis report, the discussion, summarizes the results of the complete project and the final product.    The orientation folder has been checked and accepted by the head of the sea import department at DSV Air & Sea Oy. It meets the required standards and the expectations set for it by the writer and the commissioning company and it is considered to have improved the inner orientation process at DSV Air & Sea Oy. As a conclusion, the aim set for this thesis was achieved.
Commodity trade (by sea) statistics. Results of the maritime transport study for the years 1972-1975 : analysis by type of goods moved during 1972-1975 between regions of the world
The objective of this bachelor thesis was to study the effects the transition from air freight to maritime shipments and hub model will have on Bayer Oy?s export processes and transport planning. Furthermore, to display the benefits the transition can offer to Bayer Oy, and to understand the hub model implementation processes from the point of view of the pilot shipment to Israel. This thesis is a hybrid of the qualitative and quantitative research methods. First a throughout understanding of the transition process was achieved with the qualitative research methods, such as studying the current literature and publications released in the field. Additionally, an open-ended questioner was conducted with the research field experts in the sponsor company to gain insight of the operational changes. In order to verify the hypothesis concerning the expected benefits, a quantitative cost comparison was conducted. The cost analysis included the comparison between the direct reefer containers and airfreight, as well as between the pallet prices via hub model versus airfreight. Ancillary savings from the packing changes were also presented. The implementation process of the pilot hub model shipment to Israel was divided into four sections; route changes, TM3 planning, documentation and cost savings. The results of this thesis presented the operational changes caused by the transition, the potential cost savings and the implementation process of the pilot hub model shipment to Israel. Additionally, further research subjects were presented such as improving communication throughout the distribution chain, risk assessment for brakes in the manufacturing process and the correlation issue between the scheduling of the direct truck to HUB Velten and the container closing dates of different destinations.
Coastal and short sea shipping market study
Delivery clauses in bills of lading
Sale of goods carried by sea
Sea transports in the Baltic Sea : trends and consequences for urban structure and regional development in the Baltic Sea region
The maritime industry R&D masterplan 1999
The Baltic Sea region 2014 : ten policy-oriented articles from scholars of the University of Turku
MARPOL - How to do it : manual on the practical implications of ratifying, implementing and enforcing MARPOL 73/78
Unsafe ports and berths : a comparative study of the charterer's liability in Anglo-American and Scandinavian law
Motorways of the sea must be competitive
Carriage of goods by sea with special reference to contracts and contractual stipulations
Rural transport of food products in Latin America and the Caribbean
Shipping & international trade law : jurisdictional comparisons
A guide to the Hague and Hague-Visby rules : an LLP special report
Book it right and pack it tight. 3, For consolidators and shipping container packers: managers and supervisors
The London Underwriting Centre : Lloyd's List special supplment
Liner shipping and EU competition law
INFLUENCE OF MARKETING LOGISTICS ON THE CONTAINER TRANSPORTATION BY ROAD-, WATER- AND RAILWAYS IN EUROPE
Increasing the level of customer service with the help of intermediate storing and transports from Rauma, Finland to Bochum, Germany
Progress towards a common transport policy : maritime transport : Commission communication and proposals to the Council transmitted on 19 March 1985 (based on COM(85) 90 final)
The reality and dilemmas of globalisation
Legal and documentary aspects of the marine insurance contract : report
Finnish critical industries, maritime transport vulnerabilities and societal implications
Early ships and seafaring : European water transport
World bulk fleet
Sulphur directive impact on freight rates : case Ewals Cargo Care
The freedom to provide maritime transport services
Cases and materials on the carriage of goods by sea
Cargo release process development : case company Orient Overseas Container Line (OOCL)
IBC Code : international code for the construction and equipment of ships carrying dangerous chemicals in bulk with standards and guidelines relevant to the code
Model course. 3.21, Port Facility Security Officer
