http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20412 Logo
Logo
Logolounge : 8 : 2,000 international identities by leading designers
The effect of Logo (turtle graphics) on the problem solving strategies used by fourth grade children
Designer's handbook of logos and symbols : winning designs from Print Magazine's National Design Competition
Translation of international logos
Advanced Logo : a language for learning
The big book of logos. 3
Computer science Logo style. Vol. 3, Beyond Programming
LogoWorks : challenging programs in Logo
Recycling & Redesigning Logos : A Designer's Guide to Refreshing & Rethinking Design
Letterheads : the international annual of letterhead design. 8
International trademark design : A handbook of ..
International logotypes. Vol. 2
Lord of the logos : [designing the metal underground]
The fullness of the logos in the key of life. Book 2, Christo-logos : metaphysical rhapsodies of faith (Itinerarium mentis in deo)
Logo Creed : the mystery, magic and method behind designing logos
The world of symbols/logos and trademarks : India
Logo world : symbol festival
Coleridge's philosophy : the Logos as unifying principle
Making your mark : establishing unique corporate identities with graphic design
New logo world : world's newest & finest logo mark designs 2300 works from 35 countries
Learning math with LOGO
Developing a Graphic Solution for the Packaging Design of a Line of Food Products
Logo design workbook : a hands-on guide to creating logos
Sound logo as a brand element : affect on attitudes through four cases
Print's best logos & symbols. 2: winning designs from Print Magazine's national competition
Branding : the power of market identity
World trademarks : 100 years : an international collection of symbol and logotype of symbol and logotype designs of the last one hundred years. Volume 1, Alphabetic symbols and logotypes
Logology®2 : the wonderland of logo design
Band ID : the utlimate book of band logos
Brands and logos populate our visual landscape; the most successful have become such an intrinsic part of society that it seems as though they've always been there. Revealing the life histories of 100 logos for world-famous brands, this book shows the little steps and great leaps in the visual evolution of these iconic symbols that we often take for granted.
Using Logo to supplement the teaching of geometric concepts in the elementary school classroom
Computer science Logo style. Vol. 2, Advanced techniques
Cultivating minds : a logo casebook
Logos made in Spain
Learning math with LOGO : teacher resource
Letterheads & business cards 2
Logos redesigned : how 200 companies successfully changed their image
Students' problem solving in the LEGO/Logo learning environment
The new typographic logo
Famous animal symbols : a marvelous designbook with symbols and trademarks of international companies designed by leading artists and graphic designers. Vol. 2
Print's best logos & symbols : 4 : winning designs from Print Magazine's national competition
Logo creed : the mystery, magic and method behind designing logos
Trademarks and symbols of the world. Vol. 4, European trademarks : Europäische Markenzeichen
Logotypes of the world
Letterheads : one hundred years of great design, 1850-1950
"LogoLounge 8 is judged by an international panel of identity designers including Mikey Burton, Quique Ollervides, Katie Kirk, Fraser Davidson, Debbie Millman, Ty Mattson, Mike Abbink, and Simon Frouws. Of the more than 35,000 logos submitted, 2,000 were selected to be featured in the 8th edition of this bestselling series. This inspiring collection provides a wealth of insight for graphic designers and their clients"--
Trademarks of the '60s & '70s
World of logotypes. Volume 3
Infinite icon : a universally understood pictorial language that tells a story succinctly and with style
A dictionary of marks, metalwork, furniture..
Dolce's Aretino and Venetian art theory of the Cinquecento
Lamentations over the disarray and disorientation in the philosophical quest may be heard from all sides today. The horizon of the All no longer beacons, for our hope of attaining it seems ever to recede. Yet, challenging the mistrust of reason that pursuit is precisely engaged in what is undertaken here. Our forty-year elaboration of the ontopoiesis/phenomenology of life as first philosophy/phenomenology in its unravelling of the metamorphic deployment of the logos of life has laid the foundations for the retrieval of the metaphysical vision. Here the classic concerns of philosophy are not negligently dismissed but are ciphered afresh in the light of innumerable perspectives and insights brought to philosophical attention in a new enlightenment by advances in the sciences of life and of human apprehension.Strikingly enough pursuit of the greatest enigma of all, namely, that of the All enhancing Divine, is revived in the revelation that the logos informing life is the Fullness of God. In the Fullness being revealed in the infinite intricacies of the operations of the Logos of Life, we find the plenitude of God's experiencing man. In times when the prevailing critique of reason casts aspersions on the quest for God through reason, the full revelation of the logos brings to the entire human experience the infinities of God.
Interactive problem solving using LOGO
Type faces
UPDATING THE VISUAL APPEARANCE OF TWO SMALL-TOWN PUBS
Trademarks collection : Europe 1
LogoPower : creating world-class logos and effective identities
Man's search for meaning
Picturing Future Events : Building a Visual Identity for a New Music Festival
The presence of the word : some prolegomena for cultural and religious history
Letterheads : the international annual of letterhead design. 3
The tragedy of reason : toward a Platonic conception of Logos
The fullness of the logos in the key of life. Book 1, Case of God in the new enlightenment
T-shirt collection. 2.
World of logotypes. Volyme 2
Design, form and chaos
International logos and symbols 3.
Teaching and learning in Logo-based environments : proceedings of the Eurologo '89 Conference 30 August - 1 September 1989, Gent, Belgium
Microworlds adventures with LOGO
Logo philosophy and implementation
Insignia collection
Mirrors of minds : patterns of experience in educational computing
Logo world : 1600 of the worldś newest logomarks
"Written by the founders of LogoLounge.com, this comprehensive handbook is an expansive collection of logo designs, containing the expertise of LogoLounge as well as the range of amazing logo designs that are culled on the LogoLounge website. While the book is headed by LogoLounge founder Bill Gardner, it is truly a collaboration of the best designers on the LogoLounge website as they share their expertise and experiences, making it the go-to handbook for understanding and executing successful logos. With its in-depth historical content, as well as its detailed breakdown of the design process and the fundamental elements behind great logos, this book is highly beneficial for both students and self-taught designers"--
Making Logo work : a guide for teachers
Dos Logos : [a selected logo collection]
The bridge : the role of design in marketing
Minds in play : computer game design as a context for children's learning
Shows that Coleridge was much more than an opium-addicted nature-loving Romantic poet. He contributed insights in the fields of religion, science, linguistic analysis, psychology and political and social criticism. The author explores his attempt 'to reduce all knowledges into harmony'.
Learning mathematics and Logo
New logo : a collection of corporate identities. Two
The newest logo from California 2
The new big book of logos
The new logo from California
Logo life : life histories of 100 famous logos
Letterhead & Logo Design 11
T-shirt print designs and logos
T-shirt collection. 2
Letterhead & logo design 6.
Japan Typography Association : index 1984-1985, typography element : logotype, typeface, symbolmark, pictogram
Corporate visual identity : Case study: changing visual identity
Cognition and computers : studies in learning
The effects of learning the computer programming language Logo on fifth and sixth of analysis, synthesis, and evaluation
Computer science Logo style. Vol. 1, Symbolic combuting
World sign 2 : marks, logos
Logo! : practical training
Book t-shirts and logos : autumn winter 1993.4
