http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20472 drought resistance
drought resistance
Drought tolerance in winter cereals : proceedings of an international workshop 27-31 October 1985, Capri, Italy
Comparative genome analyses of meadow fescue (Festuca pratensis Huds.) : genetic linkage mapping and QTL analyses of frost and drought tolerance = Komparativ genomanalyse i engsvingel (Festuca pratensis Huds.) : genetiske koblingskart og QTL analyse av frost- og tørketoleranse
Abstract.
Vertebrate ecophysiology : an introduction to its principles and applications
Plant breeding for water-limited environments
Drought resistance in cereals
Seed and nursery technology of forest trees
Easy gardening with drought-resistant plants
Man and the biology of arid zones
Factors causing mortality of tree seeds and succulent seedlings
The importance of soil organic matter : key to drought-resistant soil and sustained food production
Variation of stomata dimensions and densities in tolerant and susceptible wheat cultivars under drought stress
Drought adaptation in cereals
Improving drought tolerance of field crops by foliar application of glycinebetaine
Principles of soil and plant water relations
Drought response of modern and old oat lines in greenhouse and long-term field trials
Drought adaptation and genetic diversity in Eucalyptus microtheca
Cold acclimation and development of freezing and drought tolerance in plants
Drought-resistant soils : optimization of soil moisture for sustainable plant production : proceedings of the electronic conference organized by the FAO Land and Water Development Division, 15 November-18 December 2004
Drought is one of the main limiting factors for plants production. Physiological traits such as number and size of stomata are important in selecting for drought resistance in breeding programs. In a greenhouse factorial experiment with two factors including the irrigation level and cultivar (comprise of 5 tolerant cultivars viz. Azar-2, Sardari, Son-64, 18-Yeknavakht-82, Sabalan, and 5 susceptible cultivars viz. Shahriar, Alvand, Tous, Kaspard, and Pishtaz), the role of stomata in the drought tolerance and the possibility of using of these traits in breeding program were assessed. Water stress was imposed after emergence of the flag leaf, and sampling was performed when the flag leaves were fully expanded. Under the water deficit conditions the stomata length and the area of both upper and lower surfaces of the flag leaves decreased, but it didn't have effect on stomata density and width on both surfaces. The stomata density and width probably have been determined before drought imposition. The orthogonal comparisons of tolerant and susceptible cultivars showed that stomata length and density on the abaxial surface and stomata width and area on both of the surfaces for tolerant cultivars were highly significantly less than in the susceptible cultivars.
Environmental stress in plants : biochemical and physiological mechanisms
Adaptive responses to progressive drought stress in two Populus cathayana populations
Fluctuations in extra-cellular proteins collected from epicotyls of Japanese morning glory treated by high temperature and dehydration stresses
Genetic diversity and adaptation of date palm (Phoenix dactylifera L.)
Plant production and management under drought conditions : Papers presented at the Symposium, 4-6 October 1982, held at Tulsa, OK, U.S.A
Factors affecting Agrobacterium-mediated genetic transformation in fruit and nut crops : an overview
Evaluation and selection of wheat germplasms suitable for drought conditions in Jordan
Leaf traits associated with drought adaptation in faba bean (Vicia faba L.)
Seeds for the future : the impact of genetically modified crops on the environment
Genetic diversity analysis among rice accessions differing in drought tolerance using molecular markers
Encyclopedia of plant physiology : new series. Vol. 12 B, Physiological plant ecology II : water relations and carbon assimilation
Boron supply and drought responses in Norway spruce (Picea abies)
