http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p204 television programmes
television programmes TV programmes
"Old ladies - they got a way of coming back and biting you in the ass" : the female character construction in Sons of Anarchy
House and philosophy : everybody lies
When Hazel Nash was six years old, her father taught her: mysteries need to be solved. He should know. Hazel's father is Jack Nash, the host of America's favorite conspiracy TV show, The House of Secrets. After an accident leaves her with no memory, Hazel Nash must put together the pieces of her past and present to find the truth about her father and his connection to a corpse found with a book found in his chest.
Monty Python's Flying Circus. Sarja 1, osa 4
Television Production : Managing the Technology
"Is that another Chaka Khan reference?" : the Swedish dub and subtitle translations of allusions in the American cartoon Phineas and Ferb
It's easy to play TV themes. 2 : Easy to read, simplified arrangements of 14 familiar themes from top TV shows
The rights to TV broadcast of sport events
A Detroit dinosaur for a million bucks : metonymic nature and ideology of humour in the Finnish subtitles of an American situation comedy
The House of Secrets
South Park : the complete sixth season
Making sense of the senseless : the management of problematic questions in the Noriko Show
Grey's anatomy. Volume 4 : original soundtrack
Hannah Montana. 2 : Meet Miley Cyrus. Piano, vocal, guitar
Viestintäpalveluiden esteettömyysindikaattorit = tillgänglighetsindikatorer för kommunikationstjänster = Accessibility Indicators in Communication Services
Difficult men : behind the scenes of a creative revolution : from The Sopranos and The Wire to Mad Men and Breaking Bad
The ice factor
Holy franchise, Batman! : bringing the caped crusader to rhe screen
Monty Python's Flying Circus. Sarja 2, osa 1
Monty Python's Flying Circus. Sarja 2, osa 2
From the Avengers to Miami Vice : form and ideology in television series
Austin & Ally : music from the Disney Channel series
The corset diaries
Twin peaks FAQ : all that's left to know about a place both wonderful and strange
Life On Air : memoirs of a Broadcaster
Death of a blue blood : a novel
Women or girls in reality television? : translating references to females in the reality dating show Love Connection
Reality TV : how real is real?
Rick Stein's French odyssey : over 100 new recipes inspired by the flavours of France
Lazy Town annual 2008
Monty Python's Flying Circus. Sarja 3, osa 1
Mr. Monk and the new lieutenant : a novel
Beverly Hills 90210 : Music from the Soundtrack
Tank girl : Carioca
The mummy family find fame
The fame game
I want a story!
More of The Monkees
Doctor Who : vengeance on Varos
Russians as presented in TV documentaries
Sentence compression with supervised machine learning
Encyclopedia of television law shows : factual and fictional series about judges, lawyers and the courtroom, 1948-2008
Utility drama : making of and talking about the serial drama in Finland
Infamous
Popular television and film
Game of thrones : psychology : the mind is dark and full of terrors
Choreography of touches, glances and movements between hosts and assistans on television
Back story : a memoir
Eyes on you : a novel of suspense
Revealing the love, heartbreak, and reality behind reality television, a former "Bachelor" contestant who quickly became the biggest villain in the history of the show, dishes on her fellow contestants and what really happened on and off the cameras.
Case: Elämä Pelissä : the internationalization of a Finnish format
The Broadcast Archives
True blood : music from and inspired by the HBO original series. Volume 2.
The best of Thunderbirds : original television soundtrack
Camp David : the autobiography
Television and Fertility
Much research has been conducted in the field of utilising the media - television and radio in particular - to promote particular public health messages. However, a burgeoning canon has examined how mass media can play a role in affecting change in fertility preferences and outcomes. In this paper we review these researches which have primarily focussed upon higher fertility settings. The impact of mass media presentation of families and children in low fertility settings has not yet been subject to rigorous sociological investigation so its impact can not be accurately inferred. However, given the pervasive nature of mass media and celebrity culture, we suggest that this is an important avenue for future research. We conclude that television plays a multi-faceted role in shaping individuals decision-making procedures concerning both demographic events and public health interactions. To illustrate this, we present a model which demonstrates a sliding scale of intent - but not impact - of various genres in order to understand the actual role of the media in shaping attitudes towards family size - either explicitly in terms of edutainment or implicitly as a forms of normalization. .
Watching television : hermeneutics, reception and popular culture
Reported speech and talk dramatizations as means of humour in Late Night with Conan O'Brien
From perverts to fab five : the media's changing depiction of gay people and lesbians
Psychedelic celluloid : British pop music in film and TV 1965-1974
Sugar and spice
Six feet under. Volume two : Everything ends : music from the HBO original series
Vinyl : Music from the HBO original series. Volume 1
South Park : the complete third season
Glee the music : the power of Madonna. Piano, vocal, guitar
Tunes from the toons : the best of Hanna-Barbera
Appraisal in online reviews of South Park : a study of engagement resources used in online reviews
Small screens, big ideas : Television in the 1950's
Best of Marty!
Songs from the book of Pooh : featuring 22 original fun-filled songs from the TV show
Interpersonal conflict in television drama : content analysis of the intimate relationships on "Kotikatu"
Learn English with Dora! : the Finnish version of Dora the Explorer as a way of teching English vocabulary
A national joke : popular comedy and English cultural identity
Translation of allusions in the animated cartoon The Simpsons
The hunger games
Organizational life on television
Broadcast rarities
Classic album collection
Harvest Of Time
What ́s good on TV : understanding ethics through television
Spectacle of  the real : From Hollywod to Reality TV and Beyond
Mr. Monk gets on board : a novel
Armchair nation : an intimate history of Britain in front of the TV
Directing and producing for television : a format approach
Rome : the complete collection
Monty Python's Flying Circus. Sarja 2, osa 4
Columbo : the complete fourth season
Service encounters in a British cooking show : aspects of organisation and discourse roles
Broadcast sponsorship; modifying brand image and expanding target audience through programme choice
Close-up on murder : a murder, she wrote mystery : a novel
You can't touch my hair and other things I still have to explain
Doctor Who : the pirate planet
The get down : Original soundtrack from the Netflix original series
Channels of discourse : television and contemporary criticism
Secret of the Sahara : original soundtrack from the TV series
The wit and wisdom of Downton Abbey
Oh great, now I can hear dead people
MTM : quality television
Devils and angels : television, ideology and the coverage of poverty
Art of the cut : conversations with film and TV editors
Glee the music. Season three : Volume 7 : piano, vocal, guitar
A portrait of an idiot as a young man : part memoir, part explanation as to why men are so rubbish
L. A. Candy
Monty Python's Flying Circus. Sarja 3, osa 4
Monty Python's Flying Circus
An eye for murder
Monty Python's Flying Circus. Sarja 3, osa 2
Love you to death : the unofficial companion to the Vampire Diaries, season 5
The Hunger games
New English words in Scrubs and their Finnish translations
I didn't come here to make friends : confessions of a reality show villain
Downton Abbey and philosophy : the truth is neither here nor there
The book of Joan : tales of mirth, mischief, and manipulation
Relations of television : genre and gender in the production, reception and text of a Japanese family drama
Constructing knowledge : epistemic practices in three television interview genres
Media Production : a Practical Guide to Radio and TV
Television and TV viewing are not what they once were--and that's a good thing, according to award-winning author and critic Clive James. Since serving as television columnist for the London Observer from 1972 to 1982, James has witnessed a radical change in content, format, and programming, and in the very manner in which TV is watched. Here he examines this unique cultural revolution, providing a brilliant, eminently entertaining analysis of many of the medium's most notable twenty-first-century accomplishments and their not always subtle impact on modern society--including such acclaimed serial dramas as Breaking Bad, The West Wing, Mad Men, and The Sopranos, as well as the comedy 30 Rock. With intelligence and wit, James explores a television landscape expanded by cable and broadband and profoundly altered by the advent of Netflix, Amazon, and other "cord-cutting" platforms that have helped to usher in a golden age of unabashed binge-watching.
The Borgias : music from the showtime original series
Media, gender and identity : an introduction
My teenage dream ended : a memoir
Wake up upsy Daisy
Understanding the global TV format
When mum threw out the telly
Monty Python's Flying Circus. Sarja 2, osa 3
Benedict Cumberbatch
Writing for visual media
Glee the music. Season 2 : Volume 6 : piano, vocal, guitar
Size matters not : the extraordinary life and career of
Monty Python's Flying Circus. Sarja 1, osa 3
The comedians : drunks, thieves, scoundrels, and the history of American comedy
The Television Handbook is a critical introduction to the practice and theory of television. The book examines the state of television today, explains how television is made and how production is organised, and discusses how critical thinking about programmes and genres can illuminate their meanings. This book also explores how developments in technology and the changing structure of the television industry will lead the medium in new directions. The Television Handbook gives practical advice on many aspects of programme making, from an initial programme idea through to shooting and the post-p.
The way to a woman's heart
Monty Python's Flying Circus. Sarja 3, osa 3
The very best of Disney channel
Teaching toward the 24th century : Star Trek as social curriculum
Monty Python speaks : the complete oral history of Monty Python, as told by the founding members and a few of their many friends and collaborators
The Television Handbook
Star Trek and philosophy : the wrath of Kant
Desperately seeking the audience
Television : a biography
Play all : a bingewatcher's notebook
Everwood. [3] : love under wraps
Monty Python's Flying Circus. Sarja 1, osa 1
The power of schedule : programme management in the transformation of Finnish public service television
South Park : the complete fifth season
Growing pains : theme from "Growing pains" and other hit T.V. themes
In just a few years, what used to be an immobile piece of living room furniture, which one had to sit in front of at appointed times in order to watch sponsored programming on a finite number of channels, morphed into a glowing cloud of screens with access to a near-endless supply of content available when and how viewers want it. With this phenomenon now a common cultural theme, a writer of David Thomson's stature delivering a critical history, or biography of the six-decade television era, will be a significant event which could not be more timely. Over twenty-two thematically organized chapters, Thomson brings provocatively insightful and unique to the life of what was television
Through it all I've always laughed : (an autobiography of myself) / by Count Arthur Strong
Voice acting for dummies
Music from Twin Peaks
Places of the imagination : media, tourism, culture
The hunger games. 1
Afrofuturism : the world of black sci-fi and fantasy culture
Monty Python's Flying Circus. Sarja 1, osa 2
The television program : its direction and production
"This book is an alphabetical examination of the nearly 200 shows telecast in the U.S. from 1948 through 2008 involving courtrooms, lawyers and judges, complete with cast and production credits, airdates, detailed synopses and background information. The book includes an introductory overview of law-oriented radio and TV broadcasts from the 1920s to the present"--Provided by publisher.
The complete idiot's guide to screenwriting
The Sopranos : born under a bad sign
Knit one, pearl one
On the inside track to Loserville, USA : strategies used in translating humour in two Finnish versions of Reality bites
Negotiated meanings of fashion-forward television programmes : a case study on Sex and the city and Gossip girl
Flow of television programmes in Western Europe : summary of the basic data during January 31 - February 13, 1983
Hannah Montana : songs from and inspired by the hit TV series
TV toys
Topic-invoked participation frameworks in "talk"-discussion programs
Heroes. season 1
Let the devil sleep
