http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20410 forest advisory service
forest advisory service
Mapping the potential international customer of Finnish Forest Research Institute (Metla) : case study: forest inventory services & data
Introduction to forest policy analysis
Public and private technical assistance programs for non-industrial private forest landowners in the southern United States
Potentials of forestry extension encounters : a conversation analysis approach
Enhancing informal interaction and knowledge co-construction among forest owners
Effects of forestry extension courses
The extension and communication programme for the East Usambara catchment forest project
Small sawmills as enterprises : a behavioral investigation of development potential
This article assesses co-operative features of forestry advising encounters with an emphasis on their pedagogical positioning. The study argues that only an in-depth analysis can reveal the multifaceted nature of the advisory interaction and provide systematic justifications for extension service enhancement. Authentic video recordings of advisory encounters between a forestry extension advisor (FEA) and family forest owners (FFOs) are scrutinized using the qualitative approach of conversation analysis and the initiation–response–evaluation pedagogical sequence model. Although the actual interplay of the participants was founded on a distinct role differentiation (i.e. teacher–student), situational and contingent variations between formal and informal positioning emerged. The FFOs proved active in making initiatives (e.g. posing questions) and thus influencing the agenda of the meetings, whereas the FEA's speech turns were mostly used to restore the conventional hierarchical positioning. However, the results show that expert-directed service and customer-orientated services are not mutually exclusive. Effective forestry advisory practice is a rather socially motivated action embodied with talk and other means of communication. Thus the current emphasis on Internet-based services provides only halfway solutions, because virtual guidance lacks many of the interactive elements provided in face-to-face advisory encounters.
Review of community forestry extension/communications training in Kenya and Uganda : report on a mission to Malawi, Kenya and Uganda 8-29 October 1989
Recent advances in land owner extension : proceedings of the IUFRO 3.08 Symposium with a special theme of peer-to-peer learning among land owners, 3-5 April 2011, Kuusamo, Finland
Producing intersubjectivity in a consultation setting
Forests and afforestation in a rural development context : a comparative study of three regions in Finland
It is a common concern that non-resident private forest owners are less able to make informed decisions regarding their forests. Moreover, the present guidance given by forest professionals is not reaching all owners. In this study, we suggest enhancing knowledge exchange among forest owners by increasing their mutual and informal interaction that could inspire them to co-construct new knowledge. The first objective is to identify present emerging activities that constitute knowledge exchange contexts (communities) for Finnish forest owners. The second objective is to discuss the challenges of current Finnish forest extension and their implications when introducing Communities of Practice as a complementary response to existing, yet insufficient, professional-led extension. Data consist of Finnish forest owners' and forest professionals' (n=43) focus group interviews. The qualitative analysis was theoretically oriented followed by data-driven coding and grouping. According to the results, the role of expert-led encounters is strong in Finland and owners' opportunities for good mutual communication are rare. Informal communities exist mainly in the countryside among neighbouring owners and within families. To enhance knowledge sharing among owners, one needs to identify innovative topics and activities that would inspire owners to commit to their forest property and perform active silviculture. These communities would operate as creative learning environments allowing participation of different levels. When cultivating forest owners' communities it is important to consider actors' roles. Forest owners themselves are responsible for the functions and continuity of these communities, although forest professionals could also initiate new and sufficiently homogenous reference groups for the owners.
The importance of advisory services for forest owners and forest management planning are emphasized in the Finnish forest policy. One of the objectives set is renewing services used in forest management planning and advisory services. A forest management plan forms the basis of information for forest owners. However, many forest owners have not made use of forest management planning services. In 2009, North Karelia University of Applied Sciences started a project called Mobidec, which had an objective to develop a mobile system supporting the decision making of forest owners and forest professionals. The service developed was assumed to be most useful for those forest owners, whose forest management plan is out-dated or there is no forest management plan at all. This thesis was commissioned by the Mobidec project. The purpose of this thesis was to define the information provided by the developed system and specify the technical solutions to be used in development of Mobidec. The specifications stage and the actual development process of Mobidec are described in this thesis. The methods used in this thesis were those methods of software development. The Mobidec project resulted in a cross platform capable service, which provides comprehensive information on a measured compartment unit. Presumably, Mobidec will have positive effects on advisory services and timber sales.
Cooperation, planning and financing of forestry projects in Northwestern Russia : proceedings of the post-conference meeting in Joensuu, Finland, 24 September, 1993
Effects of forestry extension on the use of allowable cut in non-industrial private forests
Mobile Decision Support System for Forest Owners and Forest Professionals
Effectiveness of sermon policy instruments : forest management planning practices applying the activity theory approach
Forestry extension methods
Abstract: Interpretations of sustainability in the collaborative practices of the Forestry Centre.
