http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2044 self-published items
self-published items
Beauty in the beast-demo 98.
Behind the zines : self-publishing culture
Publishing E-books for dummies
Pointless Suffering no 1
The Publishing game : publish a book in 30 days
Daughters in the slaughterman's dreams
Shady's blues
The art of the violin : teachers, teaching and technique : the collected articles of Henri Temianka on modern string playing
Blues overload
It's easy to duck & cover
The city is ablaze! : the story of a post-punk popzine, 1984-1994
Have you ever seen the rain
I don't wanna leave ; Let me be there
$30 writing school
The feel is my time
Babylon burns
Probably the best rock'n'roll band ever
Dancin' with the devil
"Introduces a cutting-edge selection of international zines and examines their role as a catalyst in the evolution of media and graphic design today. The book presents the broad range of existing zines that combine thought-provoking content with compelling design: from project-oriented portfolios and (pseudo) scientific treatises to playrooms where creatives can run riot and publications in which the printing process significantly influences aesthetics. It not only describes the key factors that distinguish various zines, but--through interviews with people involved in their production and distribution--also sheds light on various strategies for this evolving media form."--Publisher's website.
Traces---of four Finnish families
Alternative literature : a practical guide for librarians
[Of the ambience...]
Publishing e-books for dummies
Introducing Mojo Waves
The element of fire
Goodheart ; Revenge doesn't care
22 long-lost masterpieces of underground comic strip art.
Fanzines : the DIY revolution
Gangster of Love
How not to destroy your career in music : avoiding the common mistakes most musicians make
Outlaw stories
Heroes among thieves
I wanna be with you ; It's you
The screen ; Get on your wheels
100 ways to publish and sell your own e-book : and make it a bestseller
Start your own self-publishing business : your step-by-step guide to success
Making the ultimate demo
Dark clarity
Photography books as art
Poems to live and die for
In numbers : serial publications by artists since 1955
Drudge's daydream
DIY : the rise of lo-fi culture
I wanna ball ; Monkey business
Notes from underground : zines and the politics of alternative culture
Confusion
Missing trails
The independent film producer's survival guide : a business and legal sourcebook
Aeothe kaear
The beginning
Highway
Bitter reality
Rock progressivo italiano : an introduction to Italian progressive rock
There's more to publishing an e-book than you might think-- and this guide explains it all! E-books give you full control: you no longer need to go through agents or publishers. But you do need to know about writing, publishing, and promoting an e-book in order to put it in front of a worldwide audience.
Whatcha mean, what's a zine? : the art of making zines and minicomics
Touch and go : the complete hardcore punk zine '79-'83
[Creed]
The book gives you solid marketing tips for selling your e-book, including using blogging and social media and how to build an online platform. Helps readers navigate the confusing, time-consuming, and often costly world of self-publishing an e-book. Provides both technical how-tos as well solid marketing advice on how to sell your e-book using Facebook, Twitter, Goodreads, and other social media sites. Covers essential technologies, such as Smashwords, iBooks Author, Amazon, Microsoft Word, Open Office, Calibre, WordPress, and E-junkie. Explores e-book devices, including Kindle, Kobo, Sony Reader, Nook, iPad, and other tablets.
The mammoth book of cult comics
Can you keep a secret. Part 1 : Game of death : the Scarlet lady
Treasury of mini comics. Volume two
