http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2049 maritime navigation
maritime navigation
Cape Horn
Handbook of Baltic and White Sea loading ports : including Denmark, Norway, Germany, Russia also Dutch, Belgian and British timber ports
Baltic Sea Maritime Safety Programme
Possibilities of co-operation in maritime occupational statistics
Guide to the records of Merseyside Maritime Museum
Nichollsś concise guide : to the navigation examinations for mate, master and extra master : volume 2
Moby-Dick : an ocean primer
From the building of the ship to recovering object's from Titanic's watery grave, the fascinating story of Titanic is explored in detail. The largest ocean liner of her time, Titanic was hailed as the ultimate in luxury travel, with grand dining halls and the latest technology, including an onboard telephone system. She set off on her maiden voyage on 10 April 1912 with more than 2,000 people on board. Just four days later, the ship struck an iceberg off the coast of Canada, and the unthinkable happened: Titanic sank. Find out what caused more than 1,000 people to drown and why the ship was so woefully ill-equipped for such a disaster. Through eyewitness accounts and from evidence found in the wreck, Titanic's fateful voyage has been meticulously pieced together to tell a riveting story of ambition, arrogance and folly. Ages 7+
The great sea : a human history of the Mediterranean
Overview on the cost-effectiveness of maritime safety policy instruments
Proceedings : the 120th Anniversary Maritime Conference
West Indies pilot. Volume 2, Comprising Mona Passage, the Leeward and Windward Islands from Puerto Rico to Grenada inclusive
Suomen kuvitettu laivaluettelo. 2010 = Finnish illustrated list of ships. 2010
Suomen kuvitettu laivaluettelo 2012 = Finnish illustrated list of ships 2012
Model course on navigation in polar waters : IAMU 2014 Research Project : (No. 20140106)
The wake of the Lorelei Lee : being an account of the further adventures of Jacky Faber, on her way to Botany Bay
Following Nansen across Greeland and the Arctic Ocean : two windows for predicting future climate : Nansen minneforelesning 10 oktober 1997
Seamanship handbook
Following Nansen across Greenland and the Arctic Ocean : two windows for predicting future climate : Nansen minneforelesning 10 oktober 1997
Admiralty tide tables : Volume 2, 2005, Europe (excluding United Kingdom and Ireland)
The international ocean transport industry in crisis : assessing the reasons and outlook
The 24-Gun Frigate Pandora
Atlantic seafahring : ten centuries of exploration and trade in the North Atlantic
Shipping wonders of the world. 4
Reed's nautical almanac and tide tables for 1950 : the modern navigators almanac that is "easy to read and simple to use" : especially useful to yachtsmen and fishermen
The global maritime distress and safety system and its impact on ship radio services and surveys : paper no. 2 session 1993-94
Development of Russian ports in the Gulf of Finland
Suomen kuvitettu laivaluettelo. 2012 = Finnish illustrated list of ships 2012
Mediterranean pilot. Volume 5, The coasts of Libya, Egypt, Syria, Lebanon and Israel; the southern coast of Turkey and the island of Cyprus
The sea and civilization : a maritime history of the world
Evaluation of bridge teammates' mental workload for simulator-based training using physiological indices : IAMU 2014 Research Project : (No. 20140401)
A CSR awareness program to enhance capacity building in good governance of multi-cultural employees and safe operations : good governance of multi-cultural safety : IAMU 2014 Research Project : (No. 20140203)
Suomen kuvitettu laivaluettelo. 2015  = Finnish illustrated list of ships. 2015
The Maritime Trust review
Nicholls's seamanship and nautical knowledge : for second mates', mates' and masters' examinations
Major shipping countries : trade and freight market development
The Maritime Museum of Finland : annual report 1980.
Set to sea
Outbound student exchange from Satakunta University of Applied Sciences, School of Maritime Management, Rauma
Maritime history at the crossroads : a critical review of recent historiography
Utilization of incident reporting in the Finnish maritime industry
The Guinness book of ships and shipping : facts & feats
Suomen kuvitettu laivaluettelo 1983 = Finnish illustrated list of ships
Safe return to port : Bridge Conference 2011
The history of ships
North Sea (East) pilot : eastern part of North Sea from Scheveningen to Skagen
Cruise fleet : (incl. ISL world cruise fleet register 1996/97) : maritime casualties
Management, finance and industrial relations : essays in international maritime and business history
Stakeholder involvement in developing LNG as a ship fuel in the Baltic Sea region
Suomen rannikon loistot = Fyrar vid Finlands kusten = List of lights of Finland : 1984.
Ship handling simplified
Lloyd's Maritime Directory 1999 : volume 2 : shipowners/managers/operators
Influences of corporate top management to safety in certain shipping companies in Finland and Åland
People of the northern seas
Sailing theory and practice
Early ships and seafaring : European water transport
The Maritime Museum Helsinki : annual report 1978
Suomen kuvitettu laivaluettelo 1990 = Finnish illustrated list of ships
Baltic pilot : volume 1 : Kattegat to Baltic Sea
From sugar triangle to cotton triangle : trade and shipping between America and Baltic Russia, 1783-1860
Suomen kuvitettu laivaluettelo 1991 = Finnish illustrated list of ships
The story of Louis de Rochemont's windjammer
Manual of seamanship. Vol. 2.
Suomen kuvitettu laivaluettelo 2013 = Finnish illustrated list of ships 2013
Suomen kuvitettu laivaluettelo 2010 = Finnish illustrated list of ships 2010
South America pilot. Volume 3, Western coastal waters of South America from Cabo Tres Montes to Punta Mariato, and the sea area to 100° W, including Archipiélago de Colón and other outlying islands
Titanic unclassified : secrets of the Titanic revealed
The nautical almanac abridged for the use of seamen for the year 1920
"Reliable statistics of occupational accidents are necessary for rational improvement of safety of seafarers by benchmarking. Several organisations regularly publish maritime occupational accident data, but the comparisons and benchmarking are difficult for several reasons, which are discussed in this commentary. For this purpose, the content of published information was analysed in view of similar features and the possibilities of joint uses of the data were reviewed for four Nordic countries. The main purpose of this publication is to start a discussion on how the statistic information of maritime occupational accidents could be made comparable for the Nordic countries. The project CAFE was funded by the EU, the Regional Council of Päijät-Häme, Turku University of Applied Sciences and the participants from the industry. " --
Atlantic ocean : the illustrated history of the ocean that changed the world
Mediterranean pilot. Volume 4, Comprising the islands of the Grecian archipelago, with the adjacent coasts of Greece and Turkey from Akra Tainaron on the west to Olobi Burnu on the east; including also the island of Kriti
Cruise fleet : inc. ISL Cruise fleet register 1995/96. Maritime casualties
Annual report and statements of the IMO Liaison Committee for the fiscal year
English maritime books printed before 1801 : relating to ships, their construction and their operation at sea : including articles in the Philosophical transactions of the Royal Society and the Transactions of the American Philosophical Society
The last of the windjammers. 2
American privateers in European waters 1776-1783
The mammoth book of the deep : over 30 true stories of danger and adventure under the sea
East coast of the United States pilot. Volume 2, East coast of the United States from Barnegat Inlet to Cape Canaveral
Maritime English for Deck and Engine Ratings
Model course 1.06 : advanced training programme on liquefied gas tanker operations
Illustrated marine dictionary : in English, French and German, origianally published as 'From keel to truck'
Routing analysis via Baltica, 2015 impacts of sulphur restrictions on transport service production : case: DSV Road Oy
Suomen kuvitettu laivaluettelo 1985 = Finnish illustrated list of ships
Baltic port insight : overview of current market situation in the Baltic Sea countries and ports in ..
Suomen kuvitettu laivaluettelo 2016 = Finnish illustrated list of ships 2016
The Arctic in world affairs : a North Pacific dialogue on the future of the Arctic
West Indies pilot. Volume 1, North Western part comprising Bermuda, the Bahamas, Turks and Caicos Islands, Florida Strait and Cays, Hispaniola, Cuba, Jamaica and Cayman Islands
Seafaring women : adventures of pirate queens, female stowaways, and sailors wives
Dictionary of shipping terms and phrases
I wonder why Columbus crossed the ocean : and other questions about explorers
Views on future maritime occupational accident statistics
Help, business or piracy? Shipwrecks and salvage auctions as early modern entrepreneurship in the Gulf of Finland
Forum Marinum vuosikirja. 2012, Konepajalla : turkulaisen laivamoottorivalmistuksen historiaa = På motorverkstaden : tillverkningen av fartygsmotorer i Åbo = At the engine factory : the history of ship engine manufacturing in Turku
Lloyd's Maritime Directory 1999 : volume 1 : shipowners/managers/operators
Maritime safety in the Gulf of Finland : evaluation of the regulatory system
Study on frequent lines : differences in running and investment costs between an icebreaking cargo vessel and a vessel that needs icebreaker assistance
Ships, sulphur and climate : is it a good time to reduce the sulphur emissions from shipping?
World maritime excellence
Suomen kuvitettu laivaluettelo 1997 = Finnish illustrated list of ships 1997
The key to creation
Safety at Sea International
American privateers in European waters 1776-1783 : [manuscript]
Japan pilot. Volume 1, Honshū (except its southern coast), Hokkaidō, the southern coast of Ostróv Sakhalin, and the Kuril Islands
Mistress of science : the story of the remarkable Janet Taylor, pioneer of sea navigation
Suomen kuvitettu laivaluettelo 2011 = Finnish illustrated list of ships 2011
Brown's North Sea, Baltic, and Mediterranean distance tables, : with maps and gazetteer index
Spanish gold : captain Woodes Rogers and the true story of the pirates of the Caribbean
The pirate wars
Ships : from the archives of Harland & Wolff, the builders of the Titanic
Suomen kuvitettu laivaluettelo = Finnish illustrated list of ships. 1991
Modern seamanship
The map of all things
Chemical tanker notes
General bye-laws 1963 : harbour and port of Manchester
Suomen kuvitettu laivaluettelo 1992 = Finnish illustrated list of ships 1992
Safety culture and maritime personnel's safety attitudes : interview report
Maritime education and training : a practical guide
A general history of the robberies and murders of the most notorious pirates
Maritime safety in the Gulf of Finland : review on policy instruments
An introduction to marine protection & indeminity insurance for masters and senior officers : (with practical operational advice)
Knight's modern seamanship
The maritime cluster in the Baltic Sea region and beyond
The west coast of Hindustan pilot : including the Gulf of Manar, the Maledive and Laccadive Island
Pirates : the secrets of Blackbeard's world
Some uses of accident data in maritime occupational safety
Wire splicing
Hacklin-yhtiöt 1908-1983 = Hacklin companies 1908-1983
The history of pirates
The RYA book of navigation
Suomen kuvitettu laivaluettelo 2015 = Finnish illustrated list of ships 2015
Mediterranean pilot. Volume 3, Comprising the western coast of Greece, including Patraikós, Kólpos and Korinthiakós Kolpós, the Ionian Islands, the coast of Albania and the Adriatic Sea
Northern Mariner
New York City passenger manifests of SS Titanic survivors rescued by the SS Carpathia
SOLAS : consolidated edition, 1992 : consolidated text of the International Convention for the Safety of Life at Sea, 1974, and its protocol of 1978: articles, annex and certificates
The market for seamen in the age of sail
Dictionary of shipping terms
Guidance for Ship Operators on the International Maritime Organization (IMO), International Ship and Port Facility Security (ISPS) Code
Current issues in maritime economics
Suomen kuvitettu laivaluettelo 1993 = Finnish illustrated list of ships 1993
The "Shipping world" year book : a desk manual in trade, commerce, and navigation
Ab Me Group Oy Ltd catering management managerial issues
Scenes from sea and city : Lloyd's list 1734-1984
Weather at sea
Maritime heritage
Celestial navigation for yachtsmen
The Finns on the Titanic
Suomen kuvitettu laivaluettelo. 2011 = Finnish illustrated list of ships. 2011
Admiralty tide tables : Volume 4, 2006, Pacific Ocean (including tidal stream tables)
The Nile boatman at work
Baltic port barometer : port development in the Baltic Sea Region, views of the Baltic ports for the year..
Suomen merimuseo = The Maritime Museum of Finland : annual report 1991
International Maritime Museum Hamburg : museum guide
Suomen kuvitettu laivaluettelo = Finnish illustrated list of ships. 1989
Maritime life and traditions
Incident reporting in shipping : experiences and best practices for the Baltic Sea
New researchers in maritime history : papers presented at the second annual conference (Merseyside Maritime Museum, 19 March 1994)
Views of Finnish maritime experts on the effectiveness of maritime safety policy instruments
Deep sea and foreign going : inside shipping, the invisible industry that brings you 90% of everything / Rose George
DNV forum : the corporate magazine of Det Norske Veritas
International studies in shipping policy and management
Fairplay : the international shipping weekly
50 things you should know about Titanic
Ireland's maritime heritage
Hansen's improved Ex-meridian tables
Gard guidance on maritime claims and insurance
The Annapolis book of seamanship
