http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20408 baptism movements
baptism movements
God's call to mission
Anabaptist theology in face of postmodernity : a proposal for the third millennium
The complete works of Menno Simon
The religious life of dress : global fashion and faith
Mennonites in early modern Poland and Prussia
The Lord's Supper in Anabaptism : a study in the christology of Balthasar Hubmaier, Pilgram Marpeck, and Dirk Philips
Faith's harvest : Mennonite identity in northwest Oklahoma
Mennonites and conscientious objecion in 1980.
The relationship of soteriology and ecclesiology in sixteenth-century Evangelical Anabaptism
Disquiet in the land : cultural conflict in American Mennonite communities
The mission impulse of early Swiss and South German-Austrian Anabaptism
Take me to the water : Immersion baptism in vintage music and photography 1890-1950
The Mennonite encyclopedia : a comprehensive reference work on the Anabaptist-Mennonite movement
John Howard Yoder : Mennonite patience, evangelical witness, Catholic convictions
Different seasons : biological aging among the Mennonites of the Midwestern United States
The Holdeman people : the Church of God in Christ, Mennonite, 1859-1969
Karlstadt as the father of the Baptist movements : the emergence of lay Protestantism
Healing Memories : implications of the reconciliation between Lutherans and Mennonites
Who are the amish?
Quilts among plain people
Mennonites and classical theology : dogmatic foundations for Christian ethics
Surplus at the border : Mennonite writing in Canada
This book is written as a resource for scholars and students of Anabaptism and Hubmaier studies. Balthasar Hubmaier understood the church to be a visible assembly of regenerated baptized saints, who both memorized Christ's suffering on the cross in the ordinance of the Lord's Supper, and who participated in that suffering as a church under the cross. Hubmaier's doctrine of the church seems to have many parallels both in medieval and sixteenth-century Anabaptist ecclesiology; but it cannot be solidly placed in either category. -- Review: Mabry's treatise provides a valuable introduction to Hubmaier's ecclesiology... Seminary Studies ...there are a number of insights that Mabry brings to the readers' attention that are helpful...Anyone, student or mature scholar can benefit from a careful reading of this thoughtful work. Southwestern Journal Of Theology ...there are a number of insights that Mabry brings to the readers' attention that are helpful...Anyone, student or mature scholar can benefit from a careful reading of this thoughtful work. Southwestern Journal Of Theology Mabry's treatise provides a valuable introduction to Hubmaier's ecclesiology... Seminary Studies
Balthasar Hubmaier's understanding of faith
John the Baptist : prophet of purity for a new age
The chronicle of the Hutterian Brethren
Balthasar Hubmaier's doctrine of the Church
Balthasar Hubmaier's Understanding of Faith brings together Balthasar Hubmaier's ideas on faith, since he never wrote a specific treatise on faith himself. This analysis of Hubmaier's views on faith shows that he saw two kinds of faith as necessary and operative in the whole restoration process of fallen human beings. The first kind of faith suggests an expression of belief out of pure human capacity and free will, while the second type regards faith as a gift from God, by which sinners are regenerated, made healthy, and stand justified before God. The author sorts out the complex issues Hubmaier's writing discusses, to come to the conclusion that initial belief and saving faith are made possible by a prior act of God's grace, which makes the whole process of restoration, regeneration, and reconciliation possible. Although this understanding of faith shares much with Anabaptism, it more strongly reflects medieval theological roots. However, many concepts of Hubmaier's theology appear in many later Anabaptist and Baptist groups.
The anabaptist purity of life ethic
20 most asked questions about the amish and mennonites
Mennonite quilts and pieces
The theology of Anabaptism : an interpretation
Meeting in Stuttgart, Germany, in 2010, the Eleventh Assembly of the Lutheran World Federation (LWF) asked for forgiveness from members of the Anabaptist/Mennonite tradition for the wrongs going back to the beginnings of the Lutheran movement in the sixteenth century that had led to painful divisions between the two Christian families. The Mennonites accepted this apology and both communities committed themselves to move toward reconciliation. On the threshold of the 500th anniversary of the Reformation, this publication brings together two reports: »Healing Memories: Reconciling in Christ« by the Lutheran-Mennonite International Study Commission and »Bearing Fruit – Implications of the 2010 Reconciliation between Lutherans and Mennonites/Anabaptists« by the LWF Task Force on Mennonite Action.
