http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20461 Nordic mythology
Nordic mythology Scandinavian mythology
The poetic Edda : essays on Old Norse mythology
Prolonged echoes : Old Norse myths in medieval Northern society. 2, The reception of Norse myths in medieval Iceland
Stephen A. Mitchell offers the fullest examination available of witchcraft in late medieval Scandinavia, drawing on extensive sources ranging from the Icelandic sagas to those much less familiar to the nonspecialist: legal cases, church frescoes, law codes, ecclesiastical records, and surviving runic spells.
Shamanism in Norse myth and magic. Vol. 1
Imagining nature : practices of cosmology and identity
Contemporary pagan and native faith movements in Europe : colonialist and nationalist impulses
Scandinavian mythology
Norse mythology : legends of gods and heroes
The norns in old Norse mythology
Children into swans : fairy tales and the pagan imagination
Viking language. Volume 1, Learn Old Norse, runes, and Icelandic sagas
The Viking gods
Myths and symbols in pagan Europe : early Scandinavian and Celtic religions
Learning and understanding in the Old Norse world : essays in honour of Margaret Clunies Ross
The perception of the Saamis and their religion in Old Norse sources
Critical reflections on indigenous religions
Cassels's dictionary of Norse myth and legend
Old Norse and Finnish religions and cultic place-names
The Celtic and Scandinavian religions
Freyr's offspring : rulers and religion in ancient Svea society
Roles of the northern goddess
New focus on retrospective methods : resuming methodological discussions : case studies from Northern Europe
Snorri Sturluson and the Edda : the conversion of cultural capital in medieval Scandinavia
The problem of Loki
Long walk to Valhalla : an orignial graphic novel
Studies in folklore : in honor of Distinguished Service Professor Stith Thompson
The shadow-walkers : Jacob Grimm's mythology of the monstrous
Karhun kannoilla = In the footsteps of the bear
Old Norse and Finnish religions and cultic place-names : based on papers read at the symposium on encounters between religions on old Nordic times and on cultic place-names held at Åbo, Finland, on the 19th-21st of August 1987
Seiðr, sagas, and Saami religious : exchange in the viking age
From Asgard to Valhalla : the remarkable history of the Norse myths
The elder Eddas of Saemund Sigfusson
New Larousse encyclopedia of mythology
This is the first comprehensive and accessible survey in English of Old Norse eddic poetry: a remarkable body of literature rooted in the Viking Age, which is a critical source for the study of early Scandinavian myths, poetics, culture and society. Dramatically recreating the voices of the legendary past, eddic poems distil moments of high emotion as human heroes and supernatural beings alike grapple with betrayal, loyalty, mortality and love. These poems relate the most famous deeds of gods such as Óðinn and Þórr with their adversaries the giants; they bring to life the often fraught interactions between kings, queens and heroes as well as their encounters with valkyries, elves, dragons and dwarfs. Written by leading international scholars, the chapters in this volume showcase the poetic riches of the eddic corpus, and reveal its relevance to the history of poetics, gender studies, pre-Christian religions, art history and archaeology.
Myth and religion of the North : the religion of ancient Scandinavia
News from other worlds : studies in Nordic folklore, mythology and culture : in honor of John F. Lindow
Witchcraft and magic in the Nordic Middle Ages
A handbook to Eddic poetry : myths and legends of early Scandinavia
Fibula, fabula, fact : the Viking Age in Finland
Gufihtar ʻearth spirit, gnomeʼ
Norse mythology
Prof. S. Bugge's studies on Northern mythology
Murder and vengeance among the gods : Baldr in Scandinavian mythology
The concept of the goddess
Saxo Grammaticus. Volume 1, Gesta Danorum : The History of the Danes
Shamanism in Norse myth and magic. Vol. 2, Reference materials
More than mythology : narratives, ritual practices and regional distribution in pre-Christian Scandinavian religions
The Viking way : religion and war in late Iron Age Scandinavia
Encyclopedia of Norse and Germanic folklore, mythology, and magic
Meeting the other in Norse myth and legend
Trolls : an unnatural history
Initiation between two worlds : structure and symbolism in pre-Christian Scandinavian religion
Handbook of Norse mythology
Dictionary of Northern mythology
Det magiske nord : finsk og norsk kunst omkring 1900 = The Magic North : Finnish and Norwegian art around 1900
Mythes et religions scandinaves
Prolonged echoes : Old Norse myths in medieval Northern society. 1, The myths
Reflections on Old Norse myths
The Nordic apocalypse : approaches to Vǫluspá and Nordic days of judgement
Trolls lurk under bridges waiting to eat children, threaten hobbits in Middle-Earth, and invade the dungeons of Hogwarts. Often they are depicted as stupid, slow, and ugly creatures, but they also appear as comforting characters in some children' s stories or as plastic dolls with bright, fuzzy hair. Today, the name of this fantastic being from Scandinavia has found a wider reach: it is the word for the homeless in California and slang for the antagonizing and sometimes cruel people on the Internet. But how did trolls go from folktales to the World Wide Web? To explain why trolls still hold our interest, John Lindow goes back to their first appearances in Scandinavian folklore, where they were beings in nature living beside a preindustrial society of small-scale farming and fishing. He explores reports of actual encounters with trolls - meetings others found plausible in spite of their better judgment - and follows trolls' natural transition from folktales to other domains in popular culture.
Ragnarok : an investigation into old Norse concepts of the fate of the gods
Tracing old Norse cosmology : the world tree, middle earth, and the sun from archaeological perspectives
Viking Language 1: Learn Old Norse, Runes, and Icelandic Sagas (the first book in the Viking Language Series) is a new introduction to Old Norse and Icelandic. The beginner has everything in one book: Graded lessons, reading passages, vocabulary, grammar exercises, and pronunciation. A full complement of maps, runic inscriptions and culture sections explore the civilization, legends, and myths of the Vikings. The lessons follow an innovative word frequency strategy, a method that speeds learning. Because the grammar of Modern Icelandic has changed so little from Old Norse, the learner is well on the way to mastering Modern Icelandic.
A companion to old Norse-Icelandic literature and culture
Patterns in oral literature
Patterns of folklore
The chariot of the sun : other rites and symbols of the Northern Bronze Age
Can you see the Pretty Things? There are many things that Rory would like to forget about his childhood growing up in rural Arkansas. He'd like to forget his alcoholic father or absent mother. He'd like to forget about his ex-girlfriend, now married to his ex-best friend. Sometimes, he'd even like to forget about his older brother Joe. Joe saw the world differently than other people--sometimes in beautiful ways, seeing what he always called the Pretty Things. But sometimes the Pretty Things turned ugly and bad things happened. Those are the things Rory wishes he could forget most of all. When his car breaks down on the side of the road just out of town, a young girl named Sylvia appears from the corn fields. Sylvia is a Valkyrie sent by the Norse god Odin to deliver Rory to Valhalla. Because today is the day he's going to die. Together, Rory and Sylvia walk back through the memories of Rory's childhood, this time seeing them the way Joe saw them. Rory must face the Pretty Things, the Ugly Things, and all the real life in between before it's time to say goodbye.
Myths of the pagan North : the gods of the Norsemen
