http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20455 messianism
messianism
The anthropology of religious charisma : ecstasies and institutions
This book addresses the universal theological dimension of reconciliation in the context of the Israeli Messianic Jewish and Palestinian Christian divide. Palestinian Christians and Israeli Messianic Jews share a belief in Jesus as the son of God and Messiah. Often, though, that is all they have in common. This remarkable book, written in collaboration by a local Palestinian Christian and an Israeli Messianic Jew, seeks to bridge this gap by addressing head on, divisive theological issues (as well as their political implications) such as land, covenant, prophecy and eschatology which separate their two communities. The struggle for reconciliation is painful and often extremely difficult for all of us. This unique work seeks to show a way forward.
The Antichrist theme in the intertestamental period
The Messiah : in early Judaism and Christianity
Seeking and pursuing peace : the process, the pain and the product
The messianic secret of Hasidism
The Messianic idea in Judaism : and other essays on Jewish spirituality
Messianic revelation in the Old Testament
Judaism is not Jewish : a friendly critique of the Messianic movement
Judaism and imperial ideology in late antiquity
East of West. [3]
From failed mission to apocalyptic admiration : perspectives on Finnish Christian zionism
"Over the centuries, the messianic tradition has provided the language through which modern Jewish philosophers, socialists, and Zionists envisioned a utopian future. Michael L. Morgan, Steven Weitzman, and an international group of leading scholars ask new questions and provide new ways of thinking about this enduring Jewish idea. Using the writings of Gershom Scholem, which ranged over the history of messianic belief and its conflicted role in the Jewish imagination, these essays put aside the boundaries that divide history from philosophy and religion to offer new perspectives on the role and relevance of messianism today"--
The Sabbatean prophets
Messianism in the old Greek of Isaiah : an intertextual analysis
Apocalyptic Islam and Iranian Shi'ism
Old Testament theology. Volume 1
"This book explores the influence of Roman imperialism on the development of Messianic themes in Judaism in the fifth through the eight centuries CE. It pays special attention to the ways in which Roman imperial ideology and imperial eschatology influenced Jewish representations of the Messiah and Messianic age. Topics addressed in the book include: representations of the Messianic kingdom of Israel as a successor to the Roman Empire, the theme of imperial renewal in Jewish eschatology and its Roman parallels, representations of the emperor in late antique literature and art and their influence on the representations of the Messiah, the mother of the Messiah in late antique and Byzantine cultural contexts, and the figure of the last Roman Emperor in Christian and Jewish tradition"--Provided by publisher.
Mapping messianic Jewish theology : a constructive approach
King and Messiah as Son of God : divine, human, and angelic Messianic figures in Biblical and related literature
Monsters to destroy : the neoconservative war on terror and sin
Russian messianism : third Rome, revolution, Communism and after
The Messiah before Jesus : the suffering servant of the Dead Sea Scrolls
The mixed multitude : Jacob Frank and the Frankist movement, 1755-1816
The ISIS apocalypse : the history, strategy, and doomsday vision of the Islamic State
Messiah and exaltation : Jewish messianic and visionary traditions and New Testament Christology
Messianic Jewish manifesto
Political theologies in the Holy land : Israeli messianism and its critics
The One who is to come
Apocalyptic representations of Jerusalem
The way of Jesus Christ : christology in messianic dimensions
The Messiah : developments in earliest Judaism and Christianity
World Saviors and Messiahs of the Roman Empire, 28 bce-135 ce : the soterial age
Facts & myths : about the Messianic congregations in Israel 1998-1999
Jewish fundamentalism and the Temple Mount : who will build the Third Temple?
The scepter and the star : the Messiahs of the Dead Sea Scrolls and other ancient literature
Giorgio Agamben and end of history : inoperative praxis and the interruption of the dialectic
Earthly powers : the clash of religion and politics in Europe, from the French Revolution to the Great War
Rethinking the messianic idea in Judaism
Red Shambhala : magic, prophecy, and geopolitics in the heart of Asia
Who should be king in Israel? : a study on Roman imperial politics, the Dead Sea scrolls, and the Fourth Gospel
The time that remains : a commentary on the letter to the Romans
The Septuagint and messianism
Essential papers on messianic movements and personalities in Jewish history
Open secret : postmessianic messianism and the mystical revision of Menaḥem Mendel Schneerson
The Messiah in the Old and New Testaments
He that cometh : the Messiah concept in the Old Testament and later Judaism
King, priest, prophet : positive eschatological protagonists of the Qumran library
Based on extensive archival research, this book explores the history of Frankism, a Jewish religious movement that began in Poland and spread into the Habsburg Empire and the German lands in the later eighteenth century.
Summary: Messianism and millerism : typological aspects of messianist phenomena.
Apocalypse observed : religious movements, social order, and violence in North America, Europe, and Japan
Messianic hopes and mystical visions : the Nūrbakhshīya between medieval and modern Islam
Chosen peoples : [sacred sources of national identity]
The American mission and the 'Evil Empire' : the crusade for a 'Free Russia'
Anterior future : essays on messianism, anti-rationality, and mystical language in lettrism
Enoch and the Messiah Son of Man : revisiting the Book of parables
Old Testament theology. Volume 2
Ernst Bloch and his contemporaries : locating utopian messianism
Jewish messianic thoughts in an age of despair
East of West. [6]
The Jesus Movement : a social history of its first century
Qumran studies : new approaches, new questions
East of West. [1]
He that cometh
Qumran-messianism : studies on the messianic expectations in the Dead Sea Scrolls
A star is rising : the historical development of the Old Testament royal ideology and the rise of the Jewish Messianic expectations
Salvation for the righteous revealed : Jesus amid covenantal and messianic expectations in Second Temple Judaism
The testimony of the beloved disciple : narrative, history, and theology in the Gospel of John
Redeemer nation : the idea of America's millennial role
East of West. [2 : We are all one]
Gnostic apocalypse and Islam : Qur'an, exegesis, messianism and the literary origins of the Babi religion
Early Christian and byzantine political philosophy : origins and background. Vol. 1-2
Sovereignty and rebellion : the white Hmong of northern Thailand
Jewish messianism and the history of philosophy
The wolf shall lie with the lamb : the messiah in Hasidic thought
We have found the Messiah! : Jewish believers in Jesus in antiquity
East of West. [5]
The end of the age has come : the theology of Paul
The end is a beginning : contemporary apocalyptic representations of Jerusalem
"The so-called Islamic State, or ISIS, has inspired young men and women around the world to commit heinous acts in its name. By the thousands, they have flooded into the Islamic State's vase stronghold in Syria and Iraq, and in nearly every continent they have carried out attacks under its black banner. The Islamic State has become one of the most popular and successful jihadist groups on the planet, surpassing even al-Qaeda. How did the Islamic State attract so many followers and conquer so much land? By being more ruthless, more messianic, and more devoted to empire-building than its competitors. The shrewd leaders of the Islamic State combined two of the most powerful yet contradictory ideas in Islam--the return of the Islamic Empire and the end of the world--into a mission and a message that shapes its strategy and inspires its army of zealous fighters. They have defied conventional thinking about how to wage wars and win recruits. Even if the Islamic State is defeated, jihadist terrorism will never be the same. Based almost entirely on primary sources in Arabic--including ancient religious texts and secret al-Qaeda and Islamic State letters that few outsiders have seen--The ISIS Apocalypse by William McCants explores how religious fervor, strategic calculation, and doomsday prophesy shaped the Islamic State's past and foreshadow its dark future"--
Messianism and the Septuagint : collected essays
Journey through the storm : Musalaha and the process of reconciliation
We want Moshiach now! : understanding the Messianic message in the Jewish Chabad-Lubavitch movement
Expectations of the end : a comparative traditio-historical study of eschatological, apocalyptic, and messianic ideas in the Dead Sea scrolls and the New Testament
Jesus in continuum
The Jewish Jesus : how Judaism and Christianity shaped each other
Born before all time? : the dispute over Christ's origin
Giorgio Agamben and post-foundational political ontology
Messianic movements : a comparative analysis of the Sabbatians, the People's Temple and the Unification Church
East of West. [4]
Postmodern messiahs : the changing saviours of contemporary popular culture
Through my enemy's eyes : envisioning reconciliation in Israel-Palestine
Jewish roots : a foundation of Biblical theology
Hasidism on the margin : reconciliation, antinomianism and messianism in Izbica and Radzin hasidism
King and Messiah : the civil and sacral legitimation of the Israelite Kings
Shamanistic origin of the Unification Church
Redemption and resistance : the Messianic hopes of Jews and Christians in Antiquity
