http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20498 serial publications
serial publications
Studies in industrial engineering and management
Publication series
Ulrich's international periodicals directory including irregular serials & annuals. 1994-95, vol. 3, Subjects M-Z
OECD economic surveys. Czech and Slovak Republics
United Nations document series symbols : 1946-1996
Research report
The citizens and the single market
Traps and specters
Eurasia septentrionalis antiqua = Bulletin et mémoires consacrés a l'archéologie et l'etnographie de l'Europe orientale et de l'Asie du Nord = Zeitschrift für Erforschung der osteuropäischen und nordasiatischen Archäologie und Ethnographie = Journal for East European and North-Asiatic archaeology and ethnography. Vol. 5.
The publication series of the Institute for Regional Economics and Business Strategy
Finnish information studies
Liste d'abréviations de mots des titres : titres de publications en série et autres ressources en continu / la liste est conforme à ISO 4 = List of title word abbreviations : titles of serials and other continuing resources / the list is compliant with ISO 4.
Growth, creativity, and collaboration : great visions on a Great Lake : proceedings of the North American Serials Interest Group, Inc. 19th Annual Conference, June 17-20, 2004, Milwaukee, Wisconsin
World development studies
RDA and serials cataloging
Eurasia septentrionalis antiqua = Bulletin et mémoires consacrés a l'archéologie et l'etnographie de l'Europe orientale et de l'Asie du Nord = Zeitschrift für Erforschung der osteuropäischen und nordasiatischen Archäologie und Ethnographie = Journal for East European and North-Asiatic archaeology and ethnography. Vol. 6.
Aristotleȧs De Partibus Animalium : critical and literary commentaries
Acta Universitatis Lappeenrantaensis
Centre for Comparative Public Policy and Management occasional papers
The British Museum technical research bulletin. 1
The neolithic pottery of mainland Greece
Doctoral thesis
Eurasia septentrionalis antiqua = Bulletin et mémoires consacrés a l'archéologie et l'etnographie de l'Europe orientale et de l'Asie du Nord = Zeitschrift für Erforschung der osteuropäischen und nordasiatischen Archäologie und Ethnographie = Journal for East European and North-Asiatic archaeology and ethnography. Vol. 7.
Dissertations
Half a century of Soviet serials 1917-1968 : a bibliography and union list of serials published in the USSR. 1, A-n
Public management occasional papers
The British Museum technical research bulletin. 4
Ulrich's international periodicals directory including irregular serials & annuals. 1994-95, vol. 5, Newspapers
Political power and social theory : a research annual. 3, 1982
Occasional papers series
Eurasia septentrionalis antiqua = Bulletin et mémoires consacrés a l'archéologie et l'etnographie de l'Europe orientale et de l'Asie du Nord = Zeitschrift für Erforschung der osteuropäischen und nordasiatischen Archäologie und Ethnographie = Journal for East European and North-Asiatic archaeology and ethnography. Vol. 1.
Acta Universitatis Ouluensis. G, Oeconomica
Reports from the School of Business and Economics
Papers in regional science : the journal of the Regional Science Association International
Discussion papers
Political power and social theory : a research annual
Seria historia
School of Business ́research reports
Umeå studies in economic history
G. W. M. Reynolds : nineteenth-century fiction, politics, and the press
Malmö studies in educational sciences
Eurasia septentrionalis antiqua = Bulletin et mémoires consacrés a l'archéologie et l'etnographie de l'Europe orientale et de l'Asie du Nord = Zeitschrift für Erforschung der osteuropäischen und nordasiatischen Archäologie und Ethnographie = Journal for East European and North-Asiatic archaeology and ethnography. Vol. 9.
Eurasia septentrionalis antiqua = Bulletin et mémoires consacrés a l'archéologie et l'etnographie de l'Europe orientale et de l'Asie du Nord = Zeitschrift für Erforschung der osteuropäischen und nordasiatischen Archäologie und Ethnographie = Journal for East European and North-Asiatic archaeology and ethnography. Vol. 2.
Bowker serials bibliography supplement 1974 - to Ulrich's international periodicals directory, 15th ed. and Irregular serials and annuals, 3nd ed. : a classified guide to current foreign and domestic serials
Ulrich's international periodicals directory including irregular serials & annuals. 1994-95, vol. 1, Subjects A-D
Nordia geographical publications : publications of the Geographical Society of Northern Finland and the Department of Geography, University of Oulu
Economic issues
Variants : the journal of the European Society for Textual Scholarship
Annales Academiae scientiarum Fennicae. Series A 3, Geologica-Geographica = Suomalaisen tiedeakatemian toimituksia. Sarja A 3, Geologica-Geographica
Working paper
BIOSIS serial sources. Volume 1999.
Greek proverbs : a collection of proverbs and proverbial phrases which are not listed by the ancient and byzantine paroemiographers
Opuses with pure tones
The most disreputable trade : publishing the classics of English poetry, 1765-1810
Bowker serials bibliography supplement 1976 - to Ulrich's international periodicals directory, 16th ed. and Irregular serials and annuals, 4nd ed. : a classified guide to current foreign and domestic serials
German yearbook of international law
A new etymological group of germanic verbs and their derivatives : a study on semantics
Stockholm studies in economic history
Research reports
Transport in the 1990s
Research papers in economics
UNEP Course Series
Nordia geographical publications : publications of Department of Geography, University of Oulu and The Geographical Society of Northern Finland
Anthropogeographical studies among the Jokkmokk mountain lapps
Jyväskylä studies in Computer Science, Economics and Statistics
Nietzsche's influence on swedish literature : with special reference to Strindberg, Ola Hansson, Heidenstam and Fröding
The serials collection : organization and administration
Publications of The Advisory Board for International Human Rights Affairs
Review of psychiatry
Harvard Oriental series : descriptive list thereof, revised to 1920 : with a brief memorial of its joint-founder, Henry Clarke Warren
World list of serials in agricultural biotechnology
Social change and adult education research
Comprehensive summaries of Uppsala dissertations from the Faculty of Social Sciences
Tax reform evaluation report
Guide to bibliographies of Russian periodicals and serial publications 1728-1985
Journal
WIDER study group series
The Humboldt library of science
Lecture notes in economics and mathematical systems
Elementary Subjects Center series
Save that train!
Ulrich's international periodicals directory including irregular serials & annuals. 1994-95, vol. 2, Subjects E-L
Working papers
Eurasia septentrionalis antiqua = Bulletin et mémoires consacrés a l'archéologie et l'etnographie de l'Europe orientale et de l'Asie du Nord = Zeitschrift für Erforschung der osteuropäischen und nordasiatischen Archäologie und Ethnographie = Journal for East European and North-Asiatic archaeology and ethnography. Vol. 8.
Eurasia septentrionalis antiqua = Bulletin et mémoires consacrés a l'archéologie et l'etnographie de l'Europe orientale et de l'Asie du Nord = Zeitschrift für Erforschung der osteuropäischen und nordasiatischen Archäologie und Ethnographie = Journal for East European and North-Asiatic archaeology and ethnography. Vol. 3.
Political power and social theory : a research annual. 2, 1981
Strengthening democracy in the EC
Stockholm studies in English
Ulrich's international periodicals directory including irregular serials & annuals. 1994-95, vol. 4, Indexes
Eurasia septentrionalis antiqua = Bulletin et mémoires consacrés a l'archéologie et l'etnographie de l'Europe orientale et de l'Asie du Nord = Zeitschrift für Erforschung der osteuropäischen und nordasiatischen Archäologie und Ethnographie = Journal for East European and North-Asiatic archaeology and ethnography. Vol. 4.
