http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20417 ship travel
ship travel
MSC Divina brings more capacity and advanced technology
"This book tells the story of how people experienced the eighteenth-century crossing of the Atlantic Ocean, exploring the transformative journey undertaken by the thousands of Europeans who journeyed in search of a better life. Stephen Berry shows how the ships, on which passengers were contained in close quarters for months at a time, operated as compressed "frontiers," where diverse groups encountered one another and established new patterns of social organization. As he argues that experiences aboard ship served as a profound conversion experience for travelers, both spiritually and culturally, Berry reframes the history of Atlantic migrations, giving the ocean and the ship a more prominent role in Atlantic history. The ocean was more than a backdrop for human events: it actively shaped historical experiences by furnishing a dissociative break from normal patterns of life and a formative stage in travelers' processes of collective identification"--
GMEC environmental conference in Hamburg
Thoughts about cruise ship safety
Japan back on the cruise map
Mediterranean could surpass the Caribbean
Viking Grace's designer spaces
The aim and objectives of the thesis is to give an understanding and explanation of the customers' role within branding. Brands can be perceived from both the customers' point of view as well as the companies' point of view. However, the approach that brands exist first and foremost in the minds of consumers was applied throughout this thesis. The images customers have of brands should be thoroughly analyzed since consumers' thoughts, feelings and image towards a brand are providing managers with strategically and tactically guidelines to help them make brand decisions. Therefore, to successfully and efficiently manage their brand companies have to encompass a comprehensive understanding of their customers. This thesis studied the Swedish customers' image of the Tallink Silja Line brand. As a result, this thesis was done qualitatively, applying a case-study research approach. Structured interviews were conducted in order to obtain the Swedish customers' image of the brand. A total amount of 50 respondents participated in the study, all of them of Swedish nationality. Keller's brand image model was applied during the actual data collection and analysis process; the strength, favourability and uniqueness of the Swedish customers' associations were brought forth. By using Keller's brand image theory as a frame of reference a descriptive brand image framework of Tallink Silja Line was constructed. According to the findings the Swedish customers' image of Tallink Silja Line is relatively consistent and positive. The associations that were brought into view can be considered as strong and reliable as all of the 50 respondents were familiar with Tallink Silja Line and could relate to their own experiences with the brand.
"In the next installment of her graphic memoir series, Displacement, Knisley volunteers to watch over her ailing grandparents on a cruise. (The book's watercolors evoke the ocean that surrounds them.) In a book that is part graphic memoir, part travelogue, and part family history, Knisley not only tries to connect with her grandparents, but to reconcile their younger and older selves. She is aided in her quest by her grandfather's WWII memoir, which is excerpted. Readers will identify with Knisley's frustration, her fears, her compassion, and her attempts to come to terms with mortality, as she copes with the stress of travel complicated by her grandparents' frailty" --
Ferry investment needed, but caution guides decisions
Research focuses on enhancing ship safety
Madrid cruise summit meets post-Concordia
The liner : retrospective & renaissance
The Power Trip
Costa Favolosa : evolution from Carnival Destiny
Can Greece revive its cruise business?
Marina brings 'prestige' to Oceania
Baltic infrastructure in the spotlight
Ms Finnstar arrives in Helsinki : first impression of life onboard
Suomi, Saimaa : matkapäiväkirja läpi kauneimman Järvi-Suomen = A travel journal through the most beautiful lake district in Finland
A path in the mighty waters : shipboard life & Atlantic crossings to the New World
Northern Baltic mini cruise
World cruises more numerous and international than ever
Brazil numbers slide as cruise lines regroup
Tourist third cabin : steamship travel in the interwar years
Atlantic Alliance establishes destination status
Cruising for a taste of Caribbean adventure
Helsinki - St. Petersburg - Helsinki : city centre to city centre and back in 23 hours
Accessible Tourism : A Study of accessibility in Hotel Chains,Public Transport and Ferry Companies in Helsinki
This textbook is designed to support CLIA's certification program.
Shorter steaming spurs turnarounds
Living in a motion : user-centered concepting in public spaces of the cruise ship concept
Cruise traffic grows in Northwest Europe
The business and management of ocean cruises
Setting quality standards for total quality management : case study: Viking Line
The aim of the thesis is to understand the internationalization practices of  “X Cruises” shipping company on the Russian travel  market. The paper provides information on the following aspects of the cruise company  internationalization to a new market : market entry modes, degree of the service product standardization/adaptation in the new market, cross-cultural challenges.  The theoretical part provides  the  review of the literature that covers the key concepts of services marketing, internationalization , market entry modes for service firms, standardization, adaptation and customization of services, managing cross-cultural challenges in service delivery. The empirical part is based on the content analysis of the corporate documents of “X Cruises” and its General Sales Agent in Russia “Y-Tours”;  the participant observations onboard the “X Cruises” vessels and interviews with the participants in the service delivery process. The research results show that the “X Cruises” have selected two market entry modes and simultaneously use them to penetrate the Russian travel market. The service product offered to the new market is highly standardized with very few supplementary services adopted to the requirements of the Russian customers. Cross-cultural challenges are dealt with using two complementing strategies.  The findings show correlation with the prior knowledge described in the theoretical part. “X Cruises” have chosen a less risky strategy to penetrate the emerging Russian cruise market. The suggestions for further development of company's internationalization  practices are given. The future research objectives are suggested for the scholars of the international services marketing.
Cruise ship deliveries continued at high levels
Selling the Sea : an inside look at the cruise industry
Norway's cruise growth surges
Coffee is hot
FTI Cruises looks to broaden its horizons
All Leisure makes strides in challenging times
St Petersburg's new cruise terminal on a 'magic' course
Working on cruise ships
CLIA airs its views on SOx
Gulf homeports thrive
Cruise : identity, design and culture
Space and light mark Viking concept ferry
What makes us travel and keep on talking about it
Ferry cruising, Russian style
Brand image : the Swedish customers' image of Tallink Silja Line
Environmental update : efficiency, emissions and wastewater
Multiculture at Superfast ferries on a Baltic Sea
AIDAsol brings the Med to Northern Europe
Cruising drives Caribbean economy
A refinery's view on sulfur emissions
Madrid International Cruise summit 2011 : a call to work together
Cruising & cruise ships 2016
New facilities, attractions boost far east
The cruise experience : global and regional issues in cruising
Cruise Baltic : time for celebration, reasons for caution
Canada and New England convene in New York
Internationalization practices of "X Cruises" on the Russian market
Cruise and ferry passenger shipping on the Baltic Sea : mass tourism and/or product differentiation? Baltic maritime symposium 09 18/19 May 2009. Rostock, Germany
Norway's World Heritage splendor
The business of tourism
Bon voyage ! : The Telegraph book of river and sea journeys
Passenger ships of the world : a history in posters
Cruise boom in Brazil marches on
The contemporary cruise : style discovery adventure
Dining goes back to basics
Marina : Oceania's much praised newbuilding
Norwegians know how to build cruise ships
Jamaica : mountains of activity under fair blue skies
Cruise Business Development : Safety, Product Design and Human Capital
Norwegian F&B gets creative
Six ports unite as 'Celtic Wave'
What's next for prestige?
The lake district of Norway : holiday tours by the Wilson Line from London
Headlines 2011 : forecasts 2012.
Southern Caribbean cachet international and exotic
From rivers to oceans : Viking Cruises to re-invent cruising?
Project orient plans liner service
The development and growth of the cruise industry
Posidonia conference charts a way forward
New vessels inspire new Baltic cuisine
Flight-free Europe : great breaks by rail, road & sea
Sail, steam, and splendour : a picture history of life aboard the transatlantic liners
Proteus : a cruise design tool for the future
East, South Caribbean ports inch upward
North Sea Region wants sustainable cruise tourism.
Cruise Europe Conference 2012 : business vibrant as ECA approaches
'Perfect storm' buffets Med
Passenger ship link between Helsinki and St. Petersburg
Caribbean shorex operations rise to the challenge
Polar tourism : an environmental perspective
Ship-based polar tourism in the Northeast passage : the challenges facing the industry
The Baltic market of cruising in the globalisation era
'Infotainment' comes to cruise ships
Cruise ship tourism
CMV prepares for discovery
Disney fantasy : new magic, more wonders and another dream
Cocktails becoming onboard entertainment
Headlines 2012 : forecasts 2013.
California faces challenges, Alaska bouncing back
Stavangerfjord : another new LNG-fuelled cruise ferry
The CLIA guide to the cruise industry
Nautical tourism
Destiny refit to bring energy savings
Carnival puts the "fun" in F&B
This book addresses innovation management and product development in the cruise tourism industry. It explains how experience management has evolved from a strictly company-level, product- or service-focused tactical task to an industry-wide strategic challenge, and analyses the role of intangible reputational aspects of cruise experiences, as well as peripheral components and stakeholders, as increasingly important factors for customer acquisition and retention. Safety and risk issues are a central theme, as well as the cruise sector's environmental and socio-economic impacts. Lastly, the book considers the increasing size of cruise vessels and the accompanying standardisation of facilities and itineraries, in conjunction with the hybridisation of cruise passengers in connection with expanding the competitive boundaries and intensity of competition in the cruise sector. The book approaches these issues as more than a mere public relations campaign, recognising the fact that they have since become the very essence of strategic cruise business development.
Cruising & cruise ships. 2014
Displacement : a travelogue
Hurtigruten : the Norwegian coastal voyage : detailed 11-day voyage guide : nature, culture, history, legends
Somali pirates board a ship Joe is holidaying on - can he outwit them and get help? / WorldCat.
Norwegian's Sheehan talks about breaking away
Great voyages of the world : 25 adventures on the high seas and great rivers of the world
Cruise Britannia : the story of the British cruise ship
Cruise operations management : hospitality perspectives
Complete guide to cruising & cruise ships 2011
Princess challenges domestic Japanese lines
Carnival Destiny Kids rock the boat
Development of maritime trade, transport and tourism 21st century vision
Hidden treasures of Le Havre
Complete guide to cruising & cruise ships 2010
Mexico cruising in flux
Cruising in the global economy : profits, pleasure and work at sea
Klaipeda : Lithuania's only cruise port beckons
Canada / New England working together
Cuisine gets creative on the Baltic
Complete guide to cruising & cruise ships 2013
Disney dream : the technology behind the fantasy
The splendid Viking Grace
European winter cruising pushes boundaries
Lost on board : enhancing user experience on cruise ships through wayfinding improvements
The first-time cruise guide
Okinawa : a different side of Japan
Konnichiwa, Sun Princess
High hopes in the low countries
