http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20466 fish industry
fish industry
Fish and the fishing industry in the North Karelian biosphere resrerve
This paper provides an updated review of world tuna fisheries. Previous studies (Miyake et al., 2004) discussed the historical development of tuna fisheries, described current world tuna fisheries, and explained the technological developments that have affected fishing operations. The current paper expands the discussion to include socioeconomic aspects of the tuna industry as a whole, specifically including recent changes in processing, trade, marketing and consumer preferences. The first half of the paper introduces the conditions under which the studies were made and the data sources. It first provides caveats and assumptions which are designed to prevent misunderstanding or misinterpretation when using the data. It then reviews the world tuna stock status based on the results of Regional Fisheries Management Organizations (RFMOs) scientific reviews. Even though the biomass of most of the world's tuna stocks is generally above but close to the reference point, for a few stocks fishing mortality is above the maximum sustainable yield level indicating that the stock is being overfished. World tuna fisheries (mostly longline, purse seine and baitboat [pole-and-line] fisheries) are reviewed from the standpoint of catches, technological developments and economics. Finally, tuna management measures taken by RFMOs are reviewed, including those used to mitigate bycatch. Gear and species interactions are specifically discussed in terms of allocations of the stocks between fisheries. The second half of the paper analyses tuna trade, processing, markets, consumption, price and profits for sashimi, fresh tuna steak, katsuobushi (dried skipjack stick) and canned tuna. The marketing of sashimi has changed very substantially from an exclusive Japanese market to a global one. The marketing system is also changing, because instead of being sold in market auctions, entire catches are now bought by one dealer and sold to large supermarkets or other retailers. This trend has had a clear impact on price and has resulted in the reduction of landing values. In the fresh and frozen steak tuna industry, in general, the price of tuna per unit weight is far higher than for canned materials. Since the 1960s, the production of, and demand and market for, canned tuna has increased very rapidly, accompanied by the rapid development of purse seine fisheries in tropical waters. The largest consumer of canned tuna in the 1970s was by far the United States of America, but these levels have been exceeded by European Union markets in the last two decades. The relative importance of the major markets (the United States, the European Union and Japan) has been continuously declining as a percentage of the world market. These trends have been accompanied by the concentration of capital. Another major change has involved the relocation of tuna factories from developed countries to areas closer to raw materials. This also helped the industry by cutting labour and transshipment costs, and facilitated flexible export marketing. Production was formerly dominated by the United States but as production has declined, Thailand has become the top producer in the late 1990s, followed by Spain, as a result of newly developed canning materials in the form of loins. In conclusion, because of the recent rapid increase in competition among fisheries, species, industries and even products (sashimi/fresh tuna vs. canned), the most important and most urgent issue is how to manage and allocate tuna resources among these competitors (e.g. using fishing capacity control measures and/or catch allocations). In order to achieve such an objective it is imperative that socio-economic and ecological considerations are integrated into decision-making processes alongside capacity and allocation issues. This study does not address the broad socio-economic importance of the tuna industry to the countries in which it operates, but this type of research will be necessary in future in order to solve current fishery management problems.
Lumpfish caviar : from vessel to consumer
On-farm feeding and feed management in aquaculture
On the soluble nitrogen fraction of barrel-salted herring and semi-preserves during ripening
Report of the Workshop on Economic Strengthening of Fisheries Industries in Small Island Developing States in the South Pacific, Apia, Samoa, 14-18, September 1998.
An economic analysis of development of Greenland's shrimp fishing and processing industry
Selected papers presented at the workshop on economic strengthening of fisheries industries in small island developing states in the South Pacific, Apia, Samoa, 14-18, September 1998.
Salmon by-product proteins
A bibliography for the anthropological study of fishing industries and maritime communities
Regional specialisation [i.e. specialization] and local environment : learning and competitiveness
Competitiveness, localised learning and regional development : specialisation and prosperity in small open economics
Fisheries and aquaculture in Latin America and the Caribbean : situation and outlook in 1996
Freezing and refrigerated storage in fisheries
Seafood : effects of technology on nutrition
The end of the line : how overfishing is changing the world and what we eat
Effects of mining industry waste waters on fish in the Kostomuksha area, NW Karelia, Russia
Comparative assessment of the environmental costs of aquaculture and other food production sectors : methods for meaningful comparisons : FAO / WFT Expert Workshop, 24-28 April 2006, Vancouver, Canada
Community support framework 1991-93, processing and marketing of fishery and aquaculture products (objective 5a) : France
Assessment and management of seafood safety and quality
Herring, spices, and women entrepreneurs
Fish marketing and credit in Viet Nam
Ocean harvest : Norwegian fishing, aquaculture & seafood
Community support framework 1991-93, processing and marketing of fishery and aquaculture products (objective 5a) : Spain
Fish and chips and the British working class, 1870-1940
Globalisation and fisheries : proceedings of an OECD-FAO workshop
Fish and krill protein : processing technology
A fishery manager's guidebook
Farmageddon : the true cost of cheap meat
Texture, fat content and product yield of salmonids = Tekstur, fettinnhold og produktutbytte hos laksefisk
More efficient utilization of fish fisheries products : proceedings of the International Symposium on the occasion of the 70th anniversary of the Japanese Society of Fisheries Science, held in Kyoto, Japan, 7-10 October 2001
Gathering economic data on fish processing companies
Catch of the day : choosing seafood for healthier oceans
Community support framework 1991-93 : processing and marketing of fishery and aquaculture products (objective 5a) : United Kingdom
Triacylglycerols and nutrition : research status and future : [10th Symposium of Food Chemistry] : University of Turku 4-5 January, 1990
Report of the Expert Consultation on Identifying, Assessing and Reporting on Subsidies in the Fishing Industry : Rome, 3-6 December 2002.
Economics of the Philippine milkfish resource system
Community support framework 1991-93 : processing and marketing of fishery and aquaculture products (objective 5a) : Denmark
Structural funds Finland 1995-1999 : objective 5(a) "Fisheries" : community programme : (single programming document)
Revenue distribution through the seafood value chain
Community support framework 1991-93, processing and marketing of fishery and aquaculture products (objective 5a) : Denmark
Advances in fish science and technology
The cod fisheries : the history of an international economy
Community support framework 1991-93, processing and marketing of fishery and aquaculture products (objective 5a) : Ireland
Fish processing technology
Community support framework 1991-93, processing and marketing of fishery and aquaculture products (objective 5a) : Italy
The making of Pompeii : studies in the history and urban development of an ancient town
The contrary forces of innovation : an ethnography of innovation in the food industry
Harvesting the Sea provides the first systematic treatment of the exploitation of various marine resources, such as large-scale fishing, fish salting, salt and purple-dye production, and oyster and fish-farming, in the Roman world and its role within the ancient economy. Bringing together literary, epigraphic, and legal sources, with a wealth of archaeological data collected in recent years, Marzano shows that these marine resources were an important feature of the Roman economy and, in scope and market-oriented production, paralleled phenomena taking place in the Roman agricultural economy on land. The book also examines the importance of technological innovations, the organization of labour, and the use of the existing legal framework in defence of economic interests against competitors for the same natural resource.
BAT : best available technology in the fishing industry
Community support framework 1991-93, processing and marketing of fishery and aquaculture products (objective 5a) : Belgium
Fertilization effects of organic waste resources and bottom wood ash: results from a pot experiment
Surimi and surimi seafood
Guide to Community legislation applicable to the industry processing fishery and aquaculture products
Definition and measurement of trade distortion for the fishing industry
Economic value added from EU investment subsidies : evidence from the Finnish fish industry
Report of the Expert Workshop on Greenhouse Gas Emissions Strategies and Methods in Seafood
The development of the Pacific salmon-canning industry : a grown man's game
The sushi economy : globalization and the making of a modern delicacy
Chemistry and technology of Pacific fish
Advancing the ecotoxicological relevancy of zebrafish : application of early-juvenile 20dpfZF to assess xenoestrogenicity of environmental chemicals and samples
Wastewater treatment in the fishery industry
Application of risk assessment in the fish industry
Methods to determine the freshness of fish in research and industry : proceedings of the final meeting of the concerted action "Evaluation of fish freshness" AIR3CT942283 Nantes Conference, November 12-14, 1997 = Méthodes d'Évaluation de la fraícheur du poisson dans l'industrie et la recherche : Compte-rendu de la réunion finale de l'Action Concertée "Evaluation de la fraícheur du poisson" AIR3CT942283, Nantes Conference November, 12-14, 1997
The seafood industry
Ecotoxicity of pulp and paper mill effluents in fish : responses at biochemical, individual, population and community levels
Seafood science and technology : proceedings of the International Conference Seafood 2000 celebrating the tenth anniversary of the Canadian Institute of Fisheries Technology of the Technical University of Nova Scotia, 1990, Halifax, Canada
Coalitions in fisheries
The Workshop on Child Labour in Fisheries and Aquaculture was organized by Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations (FAO) in cooperation with International Labour Organization (ILO) to generate inputs and guidance to the contents and process of developing guidance materials on policy and practice in tackling child labour in fisheries and aquaculture. In order to promote awareness on and effective implementation of the relevant UN and ILO conventions on the right of the child and child labour, workshop participants reviewed the nature, incidence and causes of child labour in fisheries, fish processing and aquaculture, examined the different forms and types of child labour in both large and small-scale and artisanal fishing operations, shellfish gathering, aquaculture, seafood processing, and work on board fishing vessels and fishing platforms, examined the health and safety hazards of fishing and aquaculture, including the use of hazardous technologies and relevant alternatives, and shared examples of good practice in the progressive elimination of child labour drawn from various sectors and regions. Child labour often reinforces a vicious cycle of poverty and has a negative impact on literacy rates and school attendance and limits children's mental and physical health and development. The workshop participants agreed on a series of recommendations relating to legal and enforcement measures, policy interventions and practical actions including risk assessments to address child labour issues in fisheries and aquaculture. FAO and ILO were called upon for priority actions to assist governments in withdrawing trafficked children and to effectively prohibit slavery and forced labour. Awareness raising among all stakeholders and the preparation of guidance materials were also prioritized by workshop participants. Gender issues needed to be considered in all actions and issues adequately addressed relating to discrimination and exclusion of fishing communities, castes, tribal and indigenous peoples, and ethnic minorities in fisheries and aquaculture.
A primer on risk assessment modelling : focus on seafood products
The European Community's fishery policy
Community support framework 1991-93, processing and marketing of fishery and aquaculture products (objective 5a) : the Netherlands
Fishes and forestry : worldwide watershed interactions and management
Second International Congress on Seafood Technology on Sustainable Innovative and Healthy Seafood : FAO/The University of Alaska, 10-13 May 2010 Anchorage, the United States of America
Report of the FAO Workshop on Child Labour in Fisheries and Aquaculture in Cooperation with ILO : Rome, 14-16 April 2010.
Cleaner production assessment in fish processing
Tsukiji : the fish market at the center of the world
Recent developments in the tuna industry : stocks, fisheries, management, processing, trade and markets
Harvesting the sea : the exploitation of marine resources in the Roman Mediterranean
We conducted a pot experiment to study the fertilization effects of four N- and P-rich organic waste resources alone and in combination with K-rich bottom wood ash at two application rates (150 kg N ha-1 + 120 kg K ha-1, 300 kg N ha-1 + 240 kg K ha-1). Plant-available N was the growth-limiting factor. 48-73% of N applied with meat and bone meal (MBM) and composted fish sludge (CFS) was taken up in aboveground biomass, resulting in mineral fertilizer equivalents (MFE%) of 53-81% for N uptake and 61-104% for yield. MFE% of MBM and CFS decreased for increasing application rates. Two industrial composts had weak N fertilization effects and are to be considered soil conditioners rather than fertilizers. Possible P and K fertilization effects of waste resources were masked by the soil's ability to supply plant-available P and K, but effects on plant-available P and K contents in soil suggest that the waste resources may have positive effects under more nutrient-deficient conditions.
Abstract: The food business and therefore, also fish industry includes some special features, which can cause certain problems. Nature of fish industry is hectic as the products are easily perishable. The case company, to which this thesis was conducted, is currently importing fish from several countries inside and outside of the European Union.  The purpose of this thesis was to conduct separate instructions for the case company's suppliers about delivering to the case company. Actions on behalf of the suppliers for having successful import process in hectic environment were wanted to be ensured. The case company is continuously expanding. Current problems, which were seen as cognizable might result in the future in bigger problems when the amounts of fish imported and the amount of suppliers increases considerably.  The theory part of this thesis consisted of the topics related to procurement and importing. The features of importing perishable products were taken into account. In the research part the case company's current procedures and the current actions of suppliers towards flawless import process were researched. Additionally, problem areas in current procedures and proposed solutions were examined. This case study research concerned the procurement and imports of fresh and frozen fish. After the theme interviews were made for certain personnel from the case company, summary of the import process in form in which it should be executed, was presented. The desirable import process for the case company was presented in the conducted summary of import process after improvement proposals. The final outcome of this thesis, instructions for suppliers, ensures the desirable import process to be achieved.  The results of this thesis are to be used in the future at the case company. The case company gained crucial information from the conducted research and improvement proposals. The supplier instructions, which ensures the import process to be as suggested, are to be sent to every current and new supplier in order to secure the flawless import process in the future.
Ecological impact of pulp mill effluents : Part 1: Physiological responses and effects on survival, growth and parasite frequency in fish exposed in mesocosms to treated total mill effluents from production of bleached kraft pulp (BKME), thermomechanical pulp and phytosterols. Part 2: Effects in Baltic Sea littoral mesocosms of externally treated effluents from production of chemical and thermomechanical pulp and pure phytosterols
The effects of pulp and paper mill effluents on fish : a biomarker approach
A history of the Yorkshire coast fishing industry 1780-1914
Listeria monocytogenes in fish farming and processing
Effects of pulp and paper mill effluents on fish immune defence
Community support framework 1991-93, processing and marketing of fishery and aquaculture products (objective 5a) : Greece
Chemical composition of Baltic herring : effects of processing and storage on fatty acids, mineral elements and volatile compounds
Increasing returns and cycles in fishing
Maritime societies, fisheries law and institutions in the western Mediterranean : a summary of collective rights and decentralized systems of professional discipline
Value chain dynamics and the small-scale fisheries and aquaculture trade
Effects in mesocosms exposed to effluents from bleached hardwood kraft pulp mill. 1-2, Effects on survival, growth, parasites and physiological status in fish exposed in mesocosms to effluents from bleached hardwood pulp production. - Chemical characterization and effects in mesocosms of effluents from bleached hardwood kraft pulp production
Community support framework 1991-93, processing and marketing of fishery and aquaculture products (objective 5a) : Federal Republic of Germany (excluding the five new Länder)
Sixth World Congress on Seafood Safety, Quality and Trade : 14-16 September 2005, Sydney, Australia
The Nordic fisheries in the new consumer era : challenges ahead for the Nordic fisheries sector
Environmental assessment of seafood with a life-cycle perspective
Salting and ripening of herring : collection and analysis of research results and industrial experience within the Nordic countries
Importing fish to Finland : instructions for fish suppliers
Handbook of operations research in natural resources
Report and papers presented at the FAO Workshop on Fish Technology, Utilization and Quality Assurance : Bagamoyo, United Republic of Tanzania, 14-18 November 2005 = Rapport et documents présentés à L'atelier de la FAO sur la technologie, l'utilization et l'assurance de qualité du poisson : Bagamoyo, République-Unie de Tanzanie, 14-18 novembre 2005.
Good governance, scale and power : a case study of North Sea fisheries
