http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20447 small-scale production
small-scale production
Small-scale farmers in liberalised trade environment : proceedings of the seminar on October 2004 in Haikko Finland
An international consultation on integrated crop-livestock systems for development : the way forward for sustainable production intensification
Small animals for small farms
Markets, marketing and developing countries : where we stand and where we are heading
Economics of rubberwood for smallholding owners in traditional rubber production areas in the south of Thailand
Micro architecture : lightweight, mobile and ecological buildings for the future
Forestry in a global context
Seed multiplication by resource-limited farmers : proceedings of the Latin American Workshop, GoiÃania, Brazil, 7 - 11 April 2003 ; [Latin American Workshop on Seed Multiplication by Resource-Limited Farmers]
Traditional fermented food and beverages for improved livelihoods
Small enterprises in the wood products sector of eight European countries
Good agricultural governance : a resource guide focused on smallholder crop production
Microfinance, efficiency and agricultural production in Bangladesh
Developing technology for large-scale production of forest chips : Wood Energy Technology Programme 1999-2003 : final report
"In this booklet ... the focus is on creating awareness and promoting rabbits, rodents and reptiles (the "3 Rs") as viable enterprises for small-scale farmers in rural, peri-urban and urban areas ... This booklet highlights the most important issues in the best use of small animals (rabbits, rodents and reptiles) in the expectation that development workers and policy-makers will recognize and act upon the numerous opportunities such small animals offer. This would not only result in improved livelihoods for producers but also assist in expanding employment and income opportunities in general. The booklet focus on important aspect of this business"--Introduction.
The earth care manual : a permaculture handbook for Britain & other temperate climates
Processing for prosperity
Contemporary microenterprise : concepts and cases
Who really feeds the world? : the failures of agribusiness and the promise of agroecology
Caring for small woods
Sustainable farm forestry in the tropics : social and economic analysis and policy
Treatment wetlands (TW) constructed on natural wetlands potentially perform efficient purification of wastewater, but the longevity of TWs at northern latitudes is not well known. This thesis examined processes affecting nutrient and suspended solids (SS) retention in TWs during their lifetime. In total, 15 TWs were studied using water and peat quality and gas flux data for different TW life lengths, the longest period being 18 years.The TWs commonly retained nutrients and suspended solids efficiently, even after 18 years of wastewater loading. For nitrogen (N) removal, sedimentation, nitrification-denitrification and plant uptake were efficient processes in the wetlands studied. However, emissions of nitrous oxide (N2O) from TWs are not a major contributor to climate change due to the small total surface area of TWs. The significance of anaerobic ammonium oxidation (anammox) and other newly discovered nitrogen processes in TWs remains to be clarified. Phosphorus (P) adsorption capacity in TWs remained efficient over a 12-year study period, the process being continuous when surfaces for adsorption were available or freed up through alternating absorption/desorption/adsorption. Phosphorus accumulation by peat accretion was low, but has not been well assessed in northern TWs receiving nutrient-rich waters. Iron (Fe) and aluminium (Al) in peat extraction runoff and purified wastewater from sewage treatment plants were of great importance for precipitation of P in TWs. Filtration and sedimentation of organic humic substances with Fe- or Al-bound P were other probable P retention pathways. In peat extraction runoff, Fe was more significant than Al for P retention, but Fe-bound P is susceptible to desorption in anaerobic environments, whereas Al-bound P is more strongly retained. Suspended solids were generally retained well, although there was great variation in percentage retention in individual TWs in different years and different seasons. Changes in discharge affected SS transportation and retention. SS were retained by sedimentation, the rate of which was affected by particle size. It is plausible that smaller particles from old peat extraction areas where the extracted peat has a high humification degree erode more easily than poorly humified particles in surface peat. Weakened SS retention may also have been caused by development of preferential flow areas (PFA) in TWs, changes in sediment delivery characteristics and sampling involving too few samples to show SS transportation sufficiently accurately for estimating SS retention.Thus TWs are potentially ideal for purification of wastewater and can have high purification efficiency even after long-term use in northern regions. They are also more widely applicable as long as their limitations are understood.
Microgrids and DER in community planning : practices, permits, and profitability
Economics for business
Growing vegetables for home and market
Factors impacting the competitiveness of small, Finnish growth-oriented software firms
The aim of this thesis is to outline the special characteristics of small rural food-processing firms in Finland and find out the different ways they cooperate and network with each other. The emphasis is put on the value and significance of networking for the food-processing firms and how the networking could improve local food production.  The research is a qualitative research by the aid of expert interviews. It is carried out by interviewing both the entrepreneurs of rural food-processing firms and different retailers. The interviewees are chosen in order to tackle the same topic from different perspectives; to get the inner and outer picture of the situation.  Rural food-processing firms are becoming very business oriented and professional. The firms have always been cooperating with each other and cooperation is held very important for the continuity of the business. Benefits can be found in sharing costs and facilitating operations in different procedures, exchanging knowledge and giving support. Due to the lack of time and areal isolation the creation and maintenance of effective networks is anyway challenging. An effective network demands a strong leader, usually a retailer who is able to convince the producers of the positive effects of closer cooperation, time to build trust and create operations satisfying every party, and the matching of form of activity and the product.  The effort should be put on the education of producers and on the increase of the awareness of the benefits and the significance of networking by establishing open communication between all the involved parties in the local food chain. Since the demand for near produced food is growing and the operations of rural food-processing firms are becoming more and more business oriented, networking is supposed to be one of the key issues in building success.  This thesis is written and formatted following the guidelines of the IMC Krems University of Applied Sciences since the main establishment and hand over happened in this institution.
Debunking the notion that our current food crisis must be addressed through industrial agriculture and genetic modification, author and activist Vandana Shiva argues that those forces are in fact the ones responsible for the hunger problem in the first place. Who Really Feeds the World? is a powerful manifesto calling for agricultural justice and genuine sustainability, drawing upon Shiva's thirty years of research and accomplishments in the field. She proposes that instead of relying on genetic modification and large-scale monocropping to solve the world's food crisis, we should look to agroecology —the knowledge of the interconnectedness that creates food— as a truly life-giving alternative to the industrial paradigm. Shiva succinctly and eloquently lays out the networks of people and processes that feed the world, exploring issues of diversity, the needs of small famers, the importance of seed saving, the movement toward localization, and the role of women in producing the world's food.
Supply chains and total product systems : a reader
Abstract (s. 5-6): Classical utility value analysis : tool for ecoproductization in SMEs.
Practical self sufficiency : the complete guide to sustainable living
Product-market strategy changes, internationalization and performance of European small and medium-sized enterprises
Hire services by farmers for farmers
Home grown : the case for local food in a global market
Cooperation and networking of small rural food processing firms in Finland : a possible measure to improve local food production
Zimbabwe takes back its land
The determinants of service capability in small manufacturing firms
Study on soot and other refractory components from various combustion processes
"An in-depth look at agroecology, an alternative to the world's current food crisis" --
Africa's agrarian crisis : the roots of famine
Renewable energy in Europe : building markets and capacity
Prosuming energy : user innovation and new energy communities in renewable micro-generation
Rural household vulnerability and insurance against commodity risks : evidence from the United Republic of Tanzania
Dynamic capabilities in small software firms
Combating particulate emissions in energy generation and industry
In 2005, some 1.4 billion people lived in absolute poverty and nearly 1 billion were affected by chronic mal- or undernutrition. An estimated 75 percent of the world's poor live in rural areas, and at least 600 million of these keep livestock that enable them to produce food, generate cash income, manage risks and build up assets. With the valuable contribution that livestock makes to sustaining livelihoods, especially in rural areas, the development of small-scale livestock enterprises could be a key element of efforts to eradicate extreme poverty and hunger. Milk production is an important livestock-sector activity and it is estimated that nearly 150 million farm households throughout the world are engaged in milk production. Small-scale milk production not only improves food security of milk producing households but also creates significant amounts of employment in the entire dairy chain, which comprises many small-scale rural processors and intermediaries. The aim of this book is to provide a holistic picture on the trends and drivers in the dairy sector as well as the implications these may have for the future of dairy farming, in particular among the smaller-scale, rural producers.--Publisher's description.
Poultry for profit and pleasure
Assessment of freshwater fish seed resources for sustainable aquaculture
Factors influencing farmers' tree planting and management activity in four case studies in Indonesia
Pigs for prosperity
Food supply chains in lagging  rural regions in Finland : an SME perspective
Agribusiness and the small-scale farmer : a dynamic partnership for development
Better forestry, less poverty : a practitioner's guide
The maze of maize : improving input and output market access for poor smallholders in Southern African region, the experience of Zambia and Malawi
Makers : the new industrial revolution
Brewing justice : fair trade coffee, sustainability, and survival
Practical process improvement : how to initiate software process improvement in a small company
The ecology of mixed-species stands of trees
Selling street and snack foods
Organic supply chains for small farmer income generation in developing countries : case studies in India, Thailand, Brazil, Hungary and Africa
Contract farming for inclusive market access
Framework for small business performance measurement : towards integrated PM systems
Status and prospects for smallholder milk production : a global perspective
Rural food system change in Tanzania during the post-ujamaa era : a case study from western Bagamoyo district
Fruit products for profit
Self-sufficient agriculture : labour and knowledge in small-scale farming
Identification of processes leading to long-term wastewater purification in northern treatment wetlands
Ephemeral city : cheap print and urban culture in Renaissance Venice
How do small rural food-processing firms compete? : a resource-based approach to competitive strategies
Sustainable improvement of animal production and health
Conditions for success in the design and implementation of packaged software : a study of accounting software for small companies in the United Kingdom
Economic sustainability of small-scale forestry
Small-scale production of food and traditional alcoholic beverages in Benin and Tanzania : implications for the promotion of female entrepreneurship
Cost-efficiency of small wind power production in Finland
Save and grow : a policymaker's guide to sustainable intensification of smallholder crop production
"This paper reviews case studies on smallholder seed enterprises in Brazil, Côte d'Ivoire and India, as well as relevant world literature in order to identify key issues that facilitate or constrain the development of the seed factor. The final section provides some guidelines on policy design and implementation to promote the development of sustainable seed enterprises at different stages in the evolution of national seed factors. It provides examples of good practices and hence seeks to assist governments in identifying ways in which they can support the development of smallholder seed enterprises that will provide the most appropriate varieties to smallholder farmers in their efforts to boost food production."--Provided by publisher
Value from village processing
Promoting the growth and development of smallholder seed enterprises for food security crops : case studies from Brazil, Côte d'Ivoire and India
Milk for health and wealth
Jatropha: a smallholder bioenergy crop : the potential for pro-poor development
How to create your own jewelry line
Model houses for model families : gender, ideology and the modern dwelling : the type-planned houses of the 1940s in Finland
The profitability of small scale solar energy production in Finland
Understanding Africa's rural households and farming systems
Enhancing methane production in a farm-scale biogas production system
Energy technology programmes 1993-1998 : evaluation report
Very small farms : ' a distinctive role'?
Prototyping and low-volume production
Opportunities and challenges for smallholder ruminant systems in Latin America : resource management, food safety, quality and market access
Smallholder irrigation technology : prospects for sub-Saharan Africa
Lean and mean : the changing landscape of corporate power in the age of flexibility
Small scale energy production has become increasingly popular. Each production unit increases the energy independence of individual households, while the aggregate production of many units together decreases the burden on centralized energy production systems. Several technologies for small-scale energy production have been developed.  The aim of this thesis work was to produce English language material about small wind power production technology and the installation process for a small wind power unit in Finland. The thesis work discusses wind, windiness in Finland, and wind power production in theory, and goes through the installation steps.  The wind conditions in Finland are defined as adequate for small-scale wind power production, especially in the coastal and archipelago areas, as well as on fells and hills.  Also inland sites near an open water body or fields are good windy locations. Small wind power production units are commonly used in boats, summerhouses and remote locations, as well as to produce extra energy for housing. The sizing is scaled according to the given application for the wind power production unit, and the energy produced can be used to charge batteries or to produce heat and power. In the case of heat and power production, the system is connected to the common power grid.  A profitable investment in small wind power production requires a combination of selecting an optimal location, having accurate data on long-term wind conditions, calculating the optimum size of the unit, and having a long-lasting reliable small wind power production unit. However, it is impossible to calculate accurate costs or profitability of small wind energy production due to the variability of wind conditions and the fluctuating price of electricity in the grid. The investment costs of small-scale wind power production are high, so the initial investment can only be recouped by operating the production unit over a long period of time. After the expensive initial investments, wind energy is free of charge and naturally renewable despite the maintenance and repair costs. Furthermore, small wind energy production is often considered as a matter of principle for promoters of green energy.  Keywords: Small Wind Power Production, Wind Power, Micro production.
Microclimate and gas emissions in dairy buildings: instrumentation, theory and measurements
