http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20401 theatre direction
theatre direction
So you want to be a theatre director?
In transit : hidden directions
A Director's Guide to Stanislavsky's Active Analysis describes Active Analysis, the innovative rehearsal method Stanislavsky formulated in his final years. By uniting 'mental analysis' and 'etudes', Active Analysis puts an end to the problem of mind-body dualism and formalized text memorization that traditional rehearsal methods foster. The book describes Active Analysis both practically and conceptually; Part One guides the reader through the entire process of Active Analysis, using A Midsummer Night's Dream as a practical reference point. The inspiration here is the work of the Russian director Anatoly Efros, whose pioneering work led the way for a reawakening of theatre in post-Soviet Russia. Part Two is the first English translation of Maria Knebel's foundational article about Active Analysis. Knebel was hand-selected by Stanislavsky to carry his final work forward in unadulterated form for succeeding generations of directors and actors. A Director's Guide to Stanislavsky's Active Analysis provides the first detailed explanation of Active Analysis from the director's perspective, while also meeting the needs of actors who seek to enhance their creative involvement in the process of play production.
Play directing : analysis, communication, and style
Thinking like a director : a practical handbook
The Director's Craft is a unique and completely indispensable step-by-step guide to directing for the stage. Written by one of the most adventurous and respected directors working today, this book will be an essential item in every student and practitioner's kitbag. It provides detailed assistance with each aspect of the varied challenges facing all theatre directors, and does so with startling clarity. It will inspire everyone, from the beginner just starting out to the experienced practitioner looking to reinvigorate their practice. Katie Mitchell shares and explains the key practical tools she uses to approach her work with both actors, production teams, and the text itself. She addresses topics such as: the ideas that underpin a play's text, preparing improvizations, Twelve Golden Rules for working with actors, managing the transition from rehearsal room to theatre, analyzing your work after a run has ended. Each chapter concludes with a summary of its critical points, making this an ideal reference work for both directors and actors at any stage of their development.
Environmental theater : an expanded new edition including "six axioms for environmental theater"
The Lee Strasberg notes
Staging Shakespeare's Hamlet : a director's interpreting text through performance
Putešestvie v teatral'nom prostranstve : Anatolij Vasil'ev i Igor' Popov: scenografiâ i teatr = A journey in theatrical space : Anatoly Vasiliev and Igor Popov: scenography and theatre. 100̌. 2, Al'bom
Modern theatre practice : a handbook of play production
Notes of a director
Modern theatre practice
Strasberg at the Actors Studio : tape-recorded sessions
Directing amateur theatre : a professional approach
The director as collaborator
Rajalla = On the border = Na granice
Acting : a handbook of the Stanislavski method
Theatre : a way of seeing
Prospero's "true preservers" : Peter Brook, Yukio Ninagawa, and Giorgio Strehler--twentieth-century directors approach Shakespeare's The tempest
Michael Chekhov's to the director and playwright
Cat on a queer tin roof : a descriptive study of the process of character analysis and directing
On directing : interviews with directors
How to put on a community play
Directors in rehearsal : a hidden world
Cracking Shakespeare : a hands-on guide for actors and directors + video
Stage fighting : a practical guide
Robert Wilson
The director's voice : twenty-one interviews
Letters to George : the account of a rehearsal
Three uses of the knife : on the nature and purpose of drama
Acting, learning and change : creating original plays with adolescents
Creative play direction
Directing the play : from selection to opening night
Directing the action : acting and directing in the contemporary theatre
The Henry VI plays
What's the role played by the invisible in our lives? At what level can it be perceived when explored in theatre-making? Having as its focus the acting processes carried out by Peter Brook and his actors, this book examines many aspects of their practical work – from actor training seen as "poiesis" to the production of the "present moment" – and in doing so, it tries to recognize the nuances and subtle qualities generated by the invisible produced by them. However, the core of this investigation is that of trying to capture the invisible not as a vague sensation but in its dynamic and powerful manifestation.
The open door : thoughts on acting and theatre
The director's vision : play direction from analysis to production
Stagecraft fundamentals : a guide and reference for theatrical production
An actor's training the Stanislavski method
Rehearsing emotions : the process of creating a role for the stage
How to rehearse when there is no rehearsal : acting and media
Modern mysteries : contemporary productions of medieval English cycle dramas
The joy of rehearsal : reflections on interpretation and practice
Directing : a handbook for emerging theatre directors
House of games : making theatre from everyday life
Improvisation : discovery and creativity in drama
Carver's manual on community theatre directing : (a step-by-step approach)
The work done on a play before the first rehearsal, the first group reading or even the before the cast have met, can be crucial to the success of a production. Directors and dramaturgs must know how to analyze, understand and interpret a play or performance text if they hope to bring it to life on the stage. This book provides a broad range of tools and methods that can be used when reading a text, including: Lessons from the past. What can we learn from Aristotle, Stanislavsky, Meyerhold, Vakhtangov, Brecht and Harold Clurman? This section establishes the models and methods that underpin much of a director's work today. A survey of current practices in Western theatre. A combination of research, interviews and observation of practical work addresses the main stages in understanding a play, such as getting to know characters, sharing ideas, mapping the action and grappling with language. A workbook, setting out twenty one ways of breaking down a play, from the general to the particular. Contributions, reflections and interjections from a host of successful directors make this the ideal starting point for anyone who wants to direct a play, or even devise one of their own. This wide range of different approaches, options and techniques allows each reader to create their own brand of play analysis.
The craft of play directing
Stage directing : a practical guide
Renowned for his actor training methods, Tadashi Suzuki provides a thorough and accessible formulation of his ideas and beliefs in this new edition of his theater writings. One of the world's most revered theater directors, Suzuki is also a seminal thinker and practitioner whose work has had a profound influence on theater worldwide. This landmark collection provides a useful, provocative look at his philosophical and practical approaches to the stage. .
The craft of rehearsal : further reflections on interpretation and practice
Group theatre
Wildlife rabies control : proceedings of the International WHO Symposium on "Wildlife Rabies Control", Geneva, 2-5 July 1990 and report of the WHO Seminar on Wildlife Rabies Control, Geneva, 2-5 July 1990
The Geese theatre handbook : drama with offenders and people at risk
How to direct a play : a masterclass in comedy, tragedy, farce, Shakespeare, new plays, opera, musicals
This DVD explores the process of creating an original piece of drama, examining the methodologies used by such international theater companies as Goat Island, Forced Entertainment, and Sankai Juku. It covers preliminary issues, including research and sourcing; focusing objectives; techniques that generate ideas; organizing and refining materials, including editing, scoring, and recording; overcoming creative blocks; maintaining a schedule; devising for a space; producing a final script or score; and outcomes and polish.
How to read a play : script analysis for directors
Directing young people in theatre : a guide to staging plays with young casts
Staging a play with a young cast is both a challenging and rewarding experience. Directing Young People in Theatre guides you through the entire process, from choosing or devising a play, to editing, rehearsing and staging it and reflecting on the whole experience. Insights from professional directors and exercise suggestions featured throughout will help both you and your cast to engage with your play and take full advantage of rehearsals and performances. Clear and accessible, this book is the ideal companion for anyone wishing to stage a play with young people – from teachers and youth workers, to Applied Theatre students and professional directors. Including exclusive interviews with: Annabel Arden, Michael Attenborough, Matthew Dunster, Richard Eyre, Robert Icke, Indu Rubasingham, Lyndsey Turner.
Theatre at work : the story of the National Theatre's production of Brecht's Galileo
Play Readings: A Complete Guide for Theatre Practitioners demystifies the standards and protocols of a play reading, demonstrating how to create effective and evocative readings for those new to or inexperienced with the genre. It examines all of the essential considerations involved in readings, including the use of the venue, pre-reading preparations, playwright/director communication, editing/adapting stage directions, casting, using the limited rehearsal time effectively, simple "staging" suggestions, working with actors, handling complex stage directions, talkbacks, and limiting the use of props, costumes, and music. A variety of readings are covered, including readings of musicals, operas, and period plays, for comprehensive coverage of this increasingly prevalent production form.
The complete Brecht toolkit
Culture is the body : the theatre writings of Tadashi Suzuki
Examines, one by one, Brecht's many, sometimes contradictory ideas about theatre - and how he put them into practice. Here are explanations of all the famous key terms, such as Alienation Effect, Epic Theatre and Gestus, as well as the many others which go to make up what we think of as 'Brechtian theatre'. There follows a section which looks at the practical application of these theories in Acting, Language, Music, Design and Direction.
Directing the play : a source book of stagecraft
Direction : readings in theatre practice
Emotions in leadership : leading a dramatic ensemble
Changing direction : a practical approach to directing actors in film and theatre
Women in theatre
THINK theatre
The shifting point : forty years of theatrical exploration : 1946-1987
Acting interactive theatre : a handbook
Assignments in musical theatre : acting and directing
The director within : storytellers of stage and screen
Armand Gatti in the theatre : wild duck against the wind
Rehearsal management for directors
Texts on theatre
Let's put on a musical! : how to choose the right show for your theater
Play readings : a complete guide for theatre practitioners
Modern drama and the rhetoric of theater
A director's guide to Stanislavsky's active analysis
Beyond rehearsal : reflections on interpretation and practice, continued
Stanislavski : an introduction
Re:direction : a theoretical and practical guide
Giorgio Strehler or a passion for theatre : proceedings of the 3rd Europe Theatre Prize = Giorgio Strehler ou la passion théâtrale : actes du 3ème Prix Europe pour le Théâtre
The director at work
The theater experience
The skeptical scenographer : essays on theatrical design and human nature
Devising work. Disc 1 : The great deviser
Adolphe Appia : theatre artist
An anatomy of drama
STAGECRAFT : THE COMPLETE GUIDE TO ..
The Cambridge introduction to theatre directing
Directing for the stage
Approaches to Twelfth Night
A guide to a period of theatre forged in the changing Europe of the 1980s and 90s. It discusses key European directors.
Stage fight : swords, firearms, fisticuffs and slapstick
Shakespeare and the theatrical event
Stagecraft : the complete guide to theatrical practice
Fight direction : for stage and screen
The art and practice of directing for the theatre
Directing a play
And then, you act : making art in an unpredictable world
Original works : producing and promoting original plays
Meyerhold at work
Stage directing : the first experiences
The theater director's primer
The viewpoints book : a practical guide to viewpoints and composition
Acting & theatre
Devising work. Disc 2 : The great deviser
How to read a play
Notes on directing : 130 lessons in leadeship from the director's chair
Staging premodern drama : a guide to production problems
Troilus and Cressida
From word to play : a handbook for directors
Othello
Directing postmodern theater : shaping signification in performance
The director in the theatre
On directing and dramaturgy : burning the house
In The Viewpoints Book, first published in the United States, acclaimed theatre directors Anne Bogart and Tina Landau introduce the history, terminology and philosophy of Viewpoints, and offer a step-by-step recipe for using it as both a training tool and a rehearsal technique. Viewpoints is a technique of improvisation that grew out of the post-modern dance world, allowing actors to learn to function spontaneously and intuitively. It was first articulated by choreographer Mary Overlie, whose ideas have been expanded and developed by Anne Bogart and Tina Landau, adapting them for the use of actors. Over the last twenty years, Viewpoints has ignited the imaginations of actors, directors, designers, choreographers, dramaturgs and writers. It is taught all over the world and used by countless theatre-makers in the rehearsal process to develop flexibility, articulation and strength in movement, and to enrich ensemble playing. An invaluable resource for theatre-makers, as well as for anyone with an interest in collaboration and the creative process, whether in art, business or daily life.
The disciple and his devil : Gabriel Pascal, Bernard Shaw
Principles of theatre art
The film director's bag of tricks : how to get what you want from writers and actors
Abstract.
Understanding theatre : performance analysis in theory and practice
Cracking Shakespeare serves to demystify the process of speaking Shakespeare's language, offering hands-on techniques for drama students, young actors and directors who are intimidated by rehearsing, performing and directing Shakespeare's plays. For some artists approaching Shakespeare, the ability to capture the dynamic movement of thought from mind to mouth, and the paradox of using the formality of verse to express a realistic form of speech, can seem daunting. Cracking Shakespeare includes practical techniques and exercises to solve this dilemma - including supporting online video which demonstrate how to embody Shakespeare's characters in rehearsal and performance – offering a toolkit that will free actors and directors from their fear of Shakespeare. The result of thirty years of acting, teaching and directing Shakespeare, Kelly Hunter's Cracking Shakespeare is the ideal textbook for actors and directors looking for new ways to approach Shakespeare's plays in a hands-on, down-to-earth style.
Ariane Mnouchkine and the Théâtre du Soleil
Directing in the theatre
Dario Fo and Franca Rame : theatre workshops at Riverside Studios, London, April 28th, May 5th, 12th, 13th & 19th 1983.
The director's craft : a handbook for the theatre
The formation and communication of vision is one of the primary responsibilities of a director, before ever getting to the nuts and bolts of the process. The Art and Practice of Directing for Theatre helps the young director learn how to discover, harness, and meld the two. Providing both apractical and theoretical foundation for directors, this book explores how to craft an artistic vision for a production, and sparks inspiration in directors to put their learning into practice.
The kinetics of the invisible : acting processes in Peter Book's theatre
Inventing the truth : devising and directing for the theatre
Mamontov's private opera : the search for modernism in Russian theater
Theatre studies : the basics
Theatre : art in action
Playwright versus director : authorial intentions and performance interpretations
To the actor
Contemporary European theatre directors
Talking theatre : interviews with theatre people
Checking out Chekhov : a guide to the plays for actors, directors, and readers
An actor's training : the Stanislavski method
Perfect 10 : writing and producing the ten-minute play
Contemporary stage directing
Working together in theatre : collaboration and leadership
More scenes from Shakespeare : twenty cuttings for acting and directing practice
The architecture of drama : plot, character, theme, genre, and style
Theatre
Devising : a handbook of drama and theatre students
Ingmar Bergman : a project for the theatre
The sifting point : forty years of theatrical exploration 1946-1987
Fundamentals of directing
Between director and actor : strategies for effective performance
Theatre under deconstruction? : a question of approach
Directors on directing : a source book of the modern theatre
Directing plays
Improvisation for the theatre : a handbook of teaching and directing techniques
Fundamentals of play directing
Generating theatre meaning : a theory and methodology of performance analysis
