http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20497 deacons
deacons
The 1985 Alko strike and homeless alcoholics
Priesthood and diaconate : the recipient of the Sacrament of Holy Orders from the perspective of creation theology and christology
My neighbour - myself : visions of diakonia
Christian responsibility in deafwork
Diaconia in context : transformation, reconciliation,  empowerment : an LWF contribution to the understanding and practice of diakonia
Making connections : exploring Methodist deacons' perspectives on contemporary diaconal ministry
Ordained women in the early church : a documentary history
Parish nursing : the developing practice
Deacons in the ministry of the Church : a report to the House of Bishops of the General Synod of the Church of England
The permanent diaconate : its history and place in the sacrament of orders
Contextuality of Professionals in the Rural Areas of Northern Scandinavia
Abstract.
The deacon reader
In this paper we study the connection between coronary artery bypass graft (CABG) operation time and quality. Our quality metric was the improvement in health related quality of life (HRQoL) survey score in a sample of 432 patients admitted to Kuopio University Hospital. Patients were interviewed with a structured questionnaire a day before the procedure and the follow-up questionnaires were mailed 6 and 12 months after the surgery. However, the HRQoL metric used did not have high retest reliability. Subsequently, we did not find any connection between CAGB operation times and HRQoL. Likewise, we did not find the speed of the surgeon to have any connection to HRQoL improvement.
National core curricula for social welfare education in Finland : translation of the main parts
Diaconia barometer 2016 : findings in brief
The categories of nominals and verbals and their morphology in Finnish sign language
What could explain the dramatic rise in out-of-home placement in Finland in the 1990s and early 2000s?
One ministry many roles : deacons and deaconesses through the centuries
Moving Toward the Implementation of Contextualize Educational Technology
The boundaries of charity : Cistercian culture and ecclesiastical reform, 1098-1180
The Bloomsbury guide to pastoral care
Handmaids of the Lord : women deacons in the Catholic Church
Paul's apostleship and the concept of diakonia in 2 Corinthians
Shared-rhythm cooperation in cooperative team meetings in acute psychiatric inpatient care
Qualitative Nursing Research
Towards global and sustainable higher education : the GLORE project fostering north-south partnerships in Finnish universities of applied sciences
Community of the future : challenges and new approaches to communtiy based social work and diaconia from the CABLE approach
No boundaries to compassion? : An exploration of women, gender and diakonia
Diakonia as Christian social practice : an introduction
Contemporary understandings of diaconia : report of a consultation, Geneva, Switzerland, 22-26 November 1982.
The deaconess : a service of women in the world of today
"Love greets you" : on the culture of deacony
Towards research-orientation in professional practice 2012 : a guide to thesis work at Diaconia University of Applied Sciences
Sign Languages : Finnish Sign Language (An Introduction to Finnish Sign Language)
Diaconia : journal for the study of Christian social practice
Women in ministry : emerging questions about the diaconate
Abstract: The poor in diaconal work.
The liturgical ministry of deacons
Storytelling of Cooperative Team Meetings in Acute Psychiatric Care
The Basic Structure of Finnish Sign Language
"The theology of diaconia" : a European research exchange in coordination with the Lutheran World Federation, summary report
The diaconate : a full and equal order
Being a deacon today : exploring a distinctive ministry in the church and in the world
The ministry of the deacon. Vol. 1, Anglican - Lutheran perspectives
The Phillip Morris Nordic journalist program : strategies, implementation and outcomes
Subject terms by author: psychiatric nursing, videotaped recordings, participant observation, data collection method, health service research
The face of pain and hope : stories of diakonia in Europe
Self-rated health and risk factors for metabolic syndrome among middle-aged men
Does income disregard work? : The struggle over cash for child care schemes in Finland and Sweden
Patient initiatives in psychiatric care concerning shame in the discussion in co-operative team meetings
Diaconal workers : alongsiders or dumpsters?
Practical economic evaluation tools for the social welfare field : abstract book
Forming deacons : ministers of soul and leaven
No women in holy orders? : the women deacons of the early church
Adventurous decade and more : Diak's partnership in Asia
Deacons and the church
The role of the 'diakonia' of the church in contemporary society : report to the World Conference on Church and Society 1966: "Christians in the technical and social revolutions of our time"
Videotaped recording as a Method of Participant Observation in Psychiatric Nursing
With care : institutional evaluation of the Diaconia Polytechnic
Social contact and attitude change : a case of homeless men living in a dormitory
Deaconesses : ancient and modern
Ordination of deacons in the churches of the Porvoo communion : a comparative investigation in ecclesiology
Deacons : ministers of Christ and of God's mysteries
Sign and School in Finland
Confirmation Work in Finland
Diakonia studies : critical issues in ministry
New Generation Wireless Technologies impact on Educational Environments : Case: Utilizing Finnish Sign Language in Interpreter Training
Seeking conviviality : re-forming community diakonia in Europe
The deacon's ministry
Diakonia : re-interpreting the ancient sources
The ordained women deacons of the Church's first millennium
Diakonia in context : transformation, reconciliation, empowerment : an LWF contribution to the understanding and practice of diakonia
Promoting client centered substance abuse care in St. Petersburg : "Return to society" -project
Great women of the Christian faith
Women deacons in the Orthodox Church : called to holiness and ministry
Diaconal work as individual and social aid in the social change.
One of the most hotly-debated topics today in the Catholic Church concerns the role of women. Jane Coll upholds as binding the Church teaching that they cannot be ordained as priests. She then explores whether women could be ordained deaconesses. The author takes a new look at this issue and seeks an answer that is compatible with the teachings of Scripture, Tradition and the Magisterium. She has based her work on the premise that the Church cannot introduce any changes that contradict the deposit of Revelation. By discussing the meaning of the Sacrament of Ordination and the role of women in the Church under the teachings of Scripture, Tradition and the Magisterium she indicates that, while the Church could not ordain women as priests, it could ordain them as deacons. However, are such deaconesses part of the sacrament of Order or are they sacramentals? Could the whole issue of women's ordination be side-stepped by creating an order of non-ordained deaconesses with wide parish responsibilities? This book attempts to answer these questions as well as a host of others on this fascinating and topical theme.
The sacred hilltop : a hermeneutical case study on the Svayambhū site in Kathmandu
Subjective Change Experienced in Health after Hip or Knee Replacement Surgery
Nursing student-patient relationship : experiences of students and patients
Deacons and deaconesses through the centuries
Diakonia : re-enterpreting the ancient sources
A theology of Christian counseling : more than redemption
Diakonia : challenge and response
For such a time as this : a renewed diaconate in the Church of England : a report to the General Synod of the Church of England of a Working Party of the House of Bishops
The paradigm challenged : new analysis of the origin of diakonia
Love and forgiveness in the global community : designing Master's Degree in Global Health Care - Master of Health Care
Deacons and the church : making connections between old and new
Remembering and reclaiming Diakonia : the Diaconate yesterday and today
To whom are we accountable and for what? : evaluation of non-profit organizations and local wellbeing
The Christian witness at the crossroads in the Middle East
Nursing student-patient relationship : a review of the literature from 1984 to 1998
Subject terms by author: cooperative team meeting, eye contact, narrative approach, storytelling, psychiatric care, unspoken story
Deaconesses : an historical study
The Finnish homelessness strategy : from a "Staircase" model to a "Housing first" approach tackling long-term homelessness
Decision to use seclusion in psychiatric care : issues of instrument construction
The Construction of the new multiprofessional work community : the ethos of work and the discourses of community in the supported housing unit
The ministry of the deacon. 2, Ecclesiological explorations
Diakonoi in the Greek-speaking world until 1st c. CE
The Bloomsbury Guide to Pastoral Care provides a framework for reflection on pastoral care practice and identifies frontier learning from the new and challenging practical contexts which are important in pastoral care research today. In this collection of essays from leading practitioner-scholars, Bernadette Flanagan and Sharon Thornton set out core principles underpinning professional identity and the practice of pastoral care in rapidly changing social settings. Such pastoral challenges as, developing compassionate and effective companioning to those who have suffered trauma, torture, catastrophic events, social disintegration, the moral wounds of war and cultural dislocation are treated with insight and deep care. The new frontiers of pastoral care in more familiar circumstances such as family, health settings where patients facing life-challenging medical events and multi-cultural communities are also explored. With contributions from Kevin Egan, Michael O'Sullivan SJ, Rita Nakashima Brock and Julia Prinz VDMF, The Bloomsbury Guide to Pastoral Care is an essential reference for the theory and practice of pastoral care.
A case for female deacons
... and your neighbour as yourself : seven studies exploring what means to be the local Church in action
Diaconal workers - alongsiders or dumpsters?
Diakonia and diaconate as an ecumenical challenge
Convivial life together : Bible studies on vocation, dignity and justice
Ethnocomputing : ICT in cultural and social context
Women deacons in the early church : historical texts and contemporary debates
The emerging diaconate : servant leaders in a servant church
Facing diversity : the Evangelical Lutheran Church of Finland from 2004 to 2007
The theology of diaconia
Diakonia in context : transformation, reconciliation, empowerment
Theology of the diaconate : the state of the question : the National Association of Diaconate Directors keynote addresses, 2004
IISE - Interpreting in International Settings : training material for interpreters
The ministry of deacon. 2, Ecclesiological explorations
From the diakonia of Christ to the diakonia of the apostles
Feminism and tradition : quiet reflections on ordination and communion
The poor in the Hebrew Bible : constructing biblical theology between the contexts
How to build a diaconal church
Ordination of women to the diaconate in the eastern churches : essays by Cipriano Vagaggini
Spiritus (Practice), Lux (Research), Caritas (Education) :  International Congress in Deacony Lahti, Finland, 23.-27.9.1998
Speed and quality in coronary artery bypass graft (CABG) surgery : is there a connection?
