http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2041 sports clubs
sports clubs
Arsenal player by player : five decades of player profiles
Junior football club's financing in Finland : case: Mikkelin Kissat C-Junior
Moneyball
Extracting tacit knowledge through a project : case organising a gymnastics event
Sport-based corporate social responsibility in European professional football
Sport governance
Sport and social capital
ÅIFK '91 : The story so far..
Blue fire : a season inside the St. Louis Blues
Key success factors of Olari Gymnastics Association's long-lasting sponsorship cooperation
Messi vs. Ronaldo : the greatest rivalry
"Are you busy tomorrow" : a cross-cultural study about communication, group forming, leisure, voluntarism and commitment among members of volleyball clubs Metso Jyväskylä and Montreal Athletics Regional Club
Leading
Abstract.
The complete book of football
Football rivalries. Vol 6, Barcelona vs Madrid ; Olympiakos vs Panathinaikos
Richer than god : Manchester City, modern football and growing up
Volleyball for every girl
Marketing development plan case : Roki Hockey Oy
Sport in social context by Kalevi Heinilä : commemorative book in honour of professor Kalevi Heinilä
The Flying frenchmen : hockey's greatest dynasty
Sports and exercise in Finland : a guide for immigrants
Developing the co-operation between Finnish football clubs, players' agents and players to increase transfer income
Structures beyond the frameworks of the rink : on organization in Swedish ice hockey
Grant Fuhr : the story of a hockey legend
Fire-wagon hockey : the story of Montreal Canadiens
The importance of developing volunteer human resource management practices in order to improve volunteer retention in community sport organisations is well documented. Increasingly however stakeholders are beginning to realise that the application of traditional management practices within community sport organisations may have only limited success due to inherent differences in the structures, culture, processes and working environments of such organisations to their commerical counterparts. All existing studies have however focused on mainstream, locally popular sports and none have been conducted within the Nordic countries. This study sought to address this gap in the literature by identifying current volunteer human resource management practices within mainstream but not locally popular community sport organisations within the Nordics, and to examine the efficacy of these practices in terms of perceived volunteer retention. Participants were 141 board-level representatives of clubs and federations from the sports of American football, Australian rules football, baseball, cricket, and rugby union in Denmark, Finland, Norway and Sweden. Each completed an online survey that identified existing volunteer management practices and assessed perceived issues associated with volunteer retention. The results indicated that the more extensively community sport organisations adopted volunteer management practices, the less perceived problems of volunteer retention were an issue. The application of planning practices in particular were a significant predictor of general perceived problems of volunteer retention and for the retention of board members in particular. The implications for all stakeholders within Nordic community sport are discussed, with specific recommendations that more widespread implementation of planning practices be considered as part of any new model of volunteer management.
Annuaire : 1950-1958; 1959-1966; 1967-1973 (Édition spéciale du 50 ème anniversaire du CISS, Special issue for CISS 50th anniversary) = handbook
The Dynamic Islanders : from cellar to Stanley Cup
Lions in winter
EU-funds as a possibility for sports people
Joint selling of football broadcasting rights in Europe, a friend or foe of the principle of Fair Play?
This thesis was commissioned by Turun naisvoimistelijat ry Training sector. The subject was developed from the theme of the year 2012 "Power to the communication -  mighty with the help of marketing". The objective was to examine in what ways the marketing communication could be developed and how the sector image could be improved. The literature overview bases on the foundations of marketing communication: mission, vision and values, from objective formulation to strategic planning. The means used for strategic development are advertising, personal selling, sales promotion, public relations and direct marketing. The concept of integrated marketing communication was taken into account in the strategic planning process, since the aim of integrated marketing communication is to intertwine the different means and to send a clear and consistent message of the organization. An important part of formulating the development plan was the evaluation and analysis of the situation. Thematic interviews were implemented to the responsible of marketing and communication and to the responsible of the training sector, to get a picture of the starting point. With the help of the interviews the most important development areas, the current objectives and strategies were confined. Basing on this information, the essential actions were formulated in order to reach the objectives. With the help of the interviews and the theories, a marketing communication strategy was created to the Training sector, where the starting point, goals and the most important target groups were considered. From there, a more specific marketing communication implementation plan was developed. The strategy can now be used as a guideline to the marketing communication and the implementation plan will function as a manual for the annual actions.
Club activity is trusted
A case study of fifteen sports clubs in the city of Jyväskylä : a descriptive analysis
Soccernomics : why transfers fail, why Spain rule the world and other curious football phenomena explained
The official illustrated history of Arsenal 1886-2004
Manchester United : greatest ever matches
The official Manchester United illustrated encyclopedia
Red : my autobiography
Examining the efficacy of volunteer HRM practices within a subset of Nordic CSOs
Football rivalries. Vol. 1, Ajax vs Feynoord ; Flamengo vs Fluminense
FSF concerned about taxation
Marketing strategy in a changing organization : case study: Tuton naisjaosto
Tunnel of love : football, fighting & failure : Newcastle United after the entertainers
Liverpool in Europe
Marketing analysis of JJK Jyväskylä, a first division football club in Finland
The A to Z of football
Sponsoring in a Finnish Women's Football Club : Case: Pallokissat Kuopio Ry
Freetime machos
Economics, uncertainty and European football : trends in competitive balance
The changing face of the football business : supporters direct
Alan Shearer
ÅIFK '91 : the story so far..
Volunteer commitments getting shorter
Strategic development of marketing communications : implementation for Turun Naisvoimistelijat ry training sector
5000-1 : the Leicester City story : hope and disbelief in the Premier League's greatest-ever season
Liverpool! : the comic strip history
Discover Sport Club : an alternative physical activity for children
Hooliganism and police tactics
Health promoting sports club : youth sports clubs' health promotion profiles, guidance, and associated coaching practice, in Finland
Losing the edge : the rise and fall of the Stanley Cup champion New York Rangers
Manchester United : tales from the history : the official graphic novel. Volume 1
El clásico : Barcelona v Real Madrid: football's greatest rivalry
Be careful what you wish for
Finland abandoning international compensations two-year contract limit for players under 18.
Real Madrid : intohimo
The official Manchester United : illustrated encyclopedia
Relationship marketing in sports
Manchester United in Europe : tragedy, destiny, history
Sport clubs' health promotion activities for the surrounging communities : a comparative case study of Columbus Blue Jackets, HJK and Sotkamon Jymy
Huge changes are sweeping through the world of football. The national leagues are directly affected by this turmoil, especially in England - Manchester United's withdrawal from the 2000 FA Cup and the increasing pressure to reduce the size of the Premiership are just two recent dramatic examples. BSkyB's failed bid to take over Manchester United has led the TV company to secure stakes in other clubs, while remaining the biggest shareholder in Manchester United itself. Meanwhile, the Office of Fair Trading's attempt to abolish the Premiership's collective selling of TV rights ended in defeat - the OFT had failed to consult the supporters. The British government entered the fray, believing that fans should have a greater say in the running of their clubs. And practical assistance is now being given to supporter shareholder groups to force clubs to be democratic and accountable to their supporters and local communities. Analysing all these developments, with insider's reports from the Monopolies and Mergers Commission on the BSkyB-Manchester United case, and the Office of Fair Trading on the TV rights wrangle, this is the definitive report on the state of British football.
Money games being excluded from services directive
Sport organizations in society : a study on sport club membership structures in Finland in the 1980s and 1990s
The football grounds quiz book : 250 questions on football stadium history
The guidelines for sports club for health (SCforH) programs : the report
Football rivalries. Vol 2, Liverpool vs Manchester Utd ; Benfica vs Sporting Lissabon
Barça : the making of the greatest team in the world
Football in the digital age : whose game is it anyway?
IMPROVEMENTS FOR THE OPERATION OF CHINESE FOOTBALL LEAGUE BY ANALYSING THE SUCCESS ASSETS OF ENGLISH PREMIER LEAGUE
Football rivalries. Vol. 4, Boca Juniors vs River Plate ; Rapid vs Austria Vienna
Guidelines for Youth Sports Clubs to Develop, Implement, and Assess Health Promotion Within Its Activities
Doing things together - whatever the diagnosis
Fear and loathing in La Liga : Barcelona vs Real Madrid
Football rivalries. Vol. 5, Galatasaray vs Fenerbache ; Dortmund vs Schalke
Junior yachting : the program and the student
Young Finnish athletes' participation in organized team sports
Louis van Gaal : the biography
Changes in Liikunnan Riemu's football team's cohesion during EUSA Games in Rotterdam
Managing talent in sports clubs : expectations and perceived benefits of short-term international assignments
A hundred years old and still Kicking
'67: The Maple Leafs, their sensational victory, and the end of an empire
A Football Fan's Guide to Europe
Clubs need versatile workers
When even money can't buy - ice sports conditions in Oulu
Football fans around the world : from supporters to fanatics
Sports organizations facing change of generations
The Toon : a complete history of Newcastle United Football Club
Internationalization of Finnish basketball clubs
Helsinki club gets deaf athletes moving
Sport clubs in various European countries
150 years of Finnish sports clubs
Manchester United. Volume 1 : tales from the history : the official graphic novel
The official illustrated history of Manchester United : the full story and complete record 1878-2010
Health promotion at the local level sports clubs : applying health promoting sports club standards in the Netherlands
MyPa has a big family
Underdogs : the unlikely story of football's first FA Cup heroes
Increasing the attractiveness of Finnish football
Towards more professional management of non-profit sport clubs : case study on challenges and solutions in figure skating
Leicester, we are here!
My Liverpool story
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
Barça : the illustrated history of FC Barcelona
