http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20475 medical rehabilitation
medical rehabilitation
Oxford handbook of clinical rehabilitation
Evidence-based rehabilitation : a guide to practice
Critical reviews in physical and rehabilitation medicine
Neuroscience : fundamentals for rehabilitation
Practical pharmacology in rehabilitation : effect of medication on therapy
The effectiveness of vocationally oriented medical rehabilitation (ASLAK®) amongst public sector employees
Occupational therapy in rehabilitation : a handbook for occupational therapists, students and others interested in this aspect of reablement
"Quick Reference Neuroscience for Rehabilitation Professionals: The Essential Neurologic Principles Underlying Rehabilitation Practice, Second Edition is a user-friendly, comprehensive text that specifically addresses the key information needed to understand the neuroscience of clinical rehabilitation. This updated Second Editions designed to provide complex information in a quick, easy-to-use format that is beneficial to students and rehabilitation professionals." "Dr. Sharon A. Gutman designed Quick Reference Neuroscience for Rehabilitation Professionals, Second Edition to provide easy-to-understand explanations of complex neurologic phenomena. The text describes basic neuroanatomical structures and functions, neuropathology underlying specific clinical conditions, and theories supporting clinical treatment." "Including accessible information, color illustrations, new test questions, and updated features, Quick Reference Neuroscience for Rehabilitation Professionals: The Essential Neurologic Principles Underlying Rehabilitation Practice, Second Edition is a dynamic text for all students and clinicians in occupational therapy, physical therapy, and other areas of rehabilitation."--BOOK JACKET.
The use of technical aids by disabled children : a regional follow-up study
Scandinavian journal of rehabilitation medicine. Suppl
Motor control : translating research into clinical practice
Quick reference neuroscience for rehabilitation professionals : the essential neurologic priciples underlying rehabilitation practice
Training therapy : prophylaxis and rehabilitation
Physical medicine and rehabilitation : principles and practice
Stroke rehabilitation in the elderly : a controlled study of the effectiveness and costs of a multidimensional intervention
Science-based rehabilitation : theories into practice
Psychological assessment in medical rehabilitation
The making of rehabilitation : a political economy of medical specialization, 1890-1980
Therapy outcome measures for rehabilitation professionals : speech and language therapy, physiotherapy, occupational therapy, rehabilitation nursing, hearing therapists
Client participation in medical rehabilitation for adults with severe disabilities / Aila Järvikoski, Jouni Puumalainen & Kristiina Härkäpää
Journal of rehabilitation medicine
Alternative medicine and rehabilitation
Motor control : theory and practical applications
Summary (s. 40-41). - Abstract: Persons having completed a rehabilitation programme funded by the Social Insurance Institution of Finland in 2003.
Shared agency and collaboration between the family and professionals in medical rehabilitation of children with severe disabilities
DeLisa's physical medicine & rehabilitation : principles and practice ; Vol. 2
Scandinavian journal of rehabilitation medicine
DeLisa's physical medicine & rehabilitation : principles and practice ; Vol. 1
Rehabilitation goal setting : theory, practice, and evidence
Rehabilitation research : principles and applications
"DeLisa's Physical Medicine and Rehabilitation is the "gold standard" in the field of physical medicine and rehabilitation. It is the most modern and comprehensive book in the field. It can serve as both an introductory book for residents and a comprehensive reference book for practitioners. One volume covers physical medicine, the other rehabilitation medicine. Physical medicine covers principles of diagnosis and management, therapeutic approaches, and the management of specific conditions. Rehabilitation medicine covers the evaluation of the rehab patient, managing the rehab patient, and rehabilitation strategies and interventions"--Provided by publisher.
Abstract: Psychotherapy as a form of rehabilitation. Questionnaire study on the implementation of treatment.
Handbook of physical medicine and rehabilitation
Quick reference neuroscience for rehabilitation professionals : the essential neurologic principles underlying rehabilitation practice
Human development and performance : throughout the lifespan
Rehabilitation of neuropsychological disorders : a practical guide for rehabilitation professionals
Rehabilitation studies handbook
Techniques in musculoskeletal rehabilitation. Companion handbook
Scientific foundations and principles of practice in musculoskeletal rehabilitation
DeLisa's physical medicine & rehabilitation : principles and practice
The physiological basis of rehabilitation medicine
Aging in a technological society
Archives of physical medicine and rehabilitation
Exercise in the practice of medicine
