http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20484 precision farming
precision farming
Geostatistical prediction of clay percentage based on soil survey data
Agricultural systems management : optimizing efficiency and performance
Proceedings of the International Symposium on Application of Precision Agriculture for Fruits and Vegetables : Orlando, Florida, USA January 6-9, 2008
GIS applications in agriculture
Challenges in real-time precision farming : a case study of modelling biomass accumulation
Challenges in real-time precision farming : a case study of modelling biomass accumulation : doctoral thesis in agrotechnology
Distributed system architectures, standardization, and web-service solutions in precision agriculture
Multispectral image analysis for extraction of remotely sensed features in agricultural fields
Automated control of compliance with production standards in precision agriculture
Abstract.
Proceedings of the VIth International Symposium on Mineral Nutrition of Fruit Crops
Usability in precision agriculture
Precision agriculture : spatial and temporal variability of environmental quality: papers from a symposium held Jan. 21-23, 1997, Wageningen, The Netherlands
A single and uniform fertilizer application may lead to ineffective crop nutrient uptake and use. In order to enhance nutrient use efficiency the application should be adjusted according to the need of the cultivated crop. This task is challenging because weather is unknown and unpredictable over the upcoming growing season. One solution is site-specific fertilizer application in several separate events throughout the season. Such a precision fertilization method requires information on the current crop state (e.g. the availability of water and nutrients in the soil) and a crop growth model that aims to assess current crop growth and near future needs. A field experiment with varying radiation, precipitation and nutrient conditions was established to test our crop growth model performance. Spring wheat (Triticum aestivum L.) was grown using three fertilization rates with three precipitation and two radiation treatments within each fertilization treatment. The observed crop biomass accumulation in the highest fertilization treatment was considered as the highest possible in the prevailing conditions. The simulated (maximal) biomass accumulation was in agreement with the highest observed biomass yield. The results were found promising for further use of the model in crop growth evaluation during the growing season.
Handbook of precision agriculture : principles and applications
Precision agriculture
Hydrological modelling, topographical influence and yield mapping in precision agriculture
Proceedings of the 1st International Workshop on Vineyard Mechanization and Grape and Wine Quality : Piacenza, Italy June 27-29, 2012
Testing the use of an analytical and mechanistic C3 - biomass accumulation model for precision fertilization
Evaluation of mobile phone GPS usability in precision farming
Soil mangement for sustainability
