http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20488 birthdays
birthdays
Undead and unpopular
The secret language of birthdays : personology profiles for each day of the year
The grandma hunt
Doris's brilliant birthday
The Very Messy Mermaid
Birthday rhymes, special times
Harry and the dinosaurs have a happy birthday
The great British bake off : children's party cakes & bakes : 70 recipes for a perfect children's party
Bird and bear
Happy birthday Amelia
Happy birthday, royal baby!
Boa's bad birthday
The birthday book : in aid of the Prince's foundation for children & the arts
Katie and the Spanish Princess
Smalĺs birthday treat
Perfect : pretty little liars
Homemade Christmas & festive decorations : 25 home craft projects
The brilliant surprise
Arthur's birthday
George is jealous
Captain Beastie's pirate party
Mog*s family of cats
Franklin says I love you
Five little monkeys bake a birthday cake
Ted rules the world
Scaredy Squirrel has a birthday party
The birthday that changed everything
Eeyore has a birthday
A birthday for Bluebell
A gift for you
Monty wins the cup
How many sleeps till my birthday?
She wanted a birthday surprise, just not the one she got...The last thing Sally Summers expected from her husband on her special day was that he'd leave her for a Latvian lap dancer half her age. So with her world in tatters, Sally jets off to Turkey for some sun, sea and sanctuary. The Blue Bay resort brings new friends and the perfect balm for Sally's broken heart in gorgeous Dubliner James. He's just the birthday present she needs. And when the chemistry between them continues to spark as the holiday ends, Sally wonders if this is more than just a summer fling. But James has scars of his own and Sally isn't quite ready to turn her back on her marriage. This birthday might have changed everything, but what will the next one bring?
Happy birthday Jamela!
BA brthday for bear
The birthday cake book
Josie Smith
Katie and the Spanish princess
Bugs in a blanket
Happy birthday Chimp and Zee
It's Sarah's birthday and she's looking forward to having a nice, quiet day! But when all her friends arrive, perhaps the day won't be as quiet as she had hoped? Join Sarah and Duck on another fun and quacky adventure!
Lady Lollipop
The birthday party
Perfect
The pet person
Happy birthday with Ant and Bee
Eddie's kitchen and how to make good things to eat
The secret language of birthdays : unique personality guides for each day of the year
Olivia cooks up a surprise
The giant hug
Little Miss Muffet counts to ten
Three wishes : a novel
From the author of 'Giraffes Can't Dance' and award-winning creators of 'I Love My Mummy' and 'I Love My Daddy' comes a picture book about the fun and excitement of being a year older. From birthday kisses to party games with friends, all the joy of the big day is captured through true-to-life humour and lovely pictures.
The hundred-year-old man who climbed out of the window and disappeared
Happy birthday, Winnie!
Diary of the fall
Happy birthday, Old Bear
I love my birthday
Dorothy Wordsworth's Christmas birthday
Kids' birthday cakes
Jemima and Jake's new babysitter doesn't look too promising. In fact she looks very sensible, very old and VERY small (she only comes up to daddy's armpit!). But the moment their parents leave the house, Marge gives a mischievous wink, takes off her hat and reveals a marvellous mane of rainbow-coloured hair! Marge really is a babysitter like no other and the children spend a wild evening with her - racing snails, slurping chocolate soup and mixing potions in the bath! But if Jake and Jemima want her to babysit again it's time for them to take charge of Marge, tidy up and settle her down for a little sleep. Three hilarious, anarchic and charming MARGE stories from A-list actress, mother, writer and comedian Isla Fisher. Ages 7+
50 birthday cakes for kids
Sweet sixteen princess : a princess diaries book
Murder at the Villa Byzantine
The best birthday present ever!
The princess and the presents
Many bloody returns
"He talks from the gutter!" : representation of Cockney dialect and its effects on characterization in Lionel Shriver's The Post-Birthday World and its Finnish translation
The Birthday Party
Marge in charge
Toot & Puddle : a present for Toot
Happy birthday in Dragon Wood
The winter war
Glitter girls and the great fake out
Magic Puffin : a birthday surprice
Lupo and the curse at Buckingham Palace
Secrets and surprises
My funny family's got talent
Celebrate : the art of the special occasion
Mr Bear's birthday
Bella's birthday bounce
Three wishes
Moomin and the birthday button
Belle the birthday fairy
Emily Mouse's birthday party
The crocodile under the bed
The land of birthdays : a Faraway Tree adventure
Happy birthday, Hugless Douglas!
Amelia Sparklepaw's party problem
Angry Birds : Bomb's Best Birthday
Boo and Baa in a party mood
The Music Lover's Birthday Book
Betty Crocker birthdays
Goth Girl and the fete worse than death
Captain Beastlie's pirate party
Harvey the baker
Spot's birthday balloon : a story with surprise fold-out flaps
The entertainer
Birthday cakes for kids
Happy Birthday Peppa!
Sarah & Duck have a quiet birthday
Jack's little party
Dot to dot... : ; Dot to dot... [Dot plans a Birthday surprise] : [Grandma Dot plans a Birthday surprise]
Birthday treasure
Mr. Men : birthday party
The Newt in the suit
Frog and a very special day
Polly's absolutely worst birthday ever
Iggy & me ; and, the happy birthday
I want two birthdays!
This is actually my party
Moira's birthday
Butterfly and the birthday surprise
A birthday for Frances
A birthday for bear
Poppy the pirate dog and the treasure keeper
The perfectionists
You can't eat a princess!
