http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20460 tanker ships
tanker ships
Marine Terminal Operator Competence and Training Guide
International safety guide for oil tankers & terminals
Chemical/parcel tankers : their gargoes, their desing and their markets
Ice Finns
Suomen kuvitettu laivaluettelo 2015 = Finnish illustrated list of ships 2015
Tanker chartering and management
Ship to ship transfer guide : (liquefied gases)
Register of liguefied gas carriers : 1984 edition
What challenges are LNG operators facing as the contracts of the 1970's come up for renewal?
Tankers : an introduction to the transport of oil by sea
Chemical product carries MS Tavi : manual ullage tables for cargo tanks
Liquefied gas handling principles : on ships and in terminals
Cargo stowage and securing : a guide to good practice
Good equipment provides reliability and savings
Liquefied natural gas : the law and business of LNG
Significant ships of 2010
Icebreaking aframax improves safety on the Baltic
Model course. 1.06, Advanced Training Programme on Liquefied Gas Tanker Operations
The tanker register
Oil on water : tankers, pirates and the rise of China
Skating on thick ice
Europe takes hard line on single hulls
Safety in liquefied gas tankers
Money maker to the bitter end
IMO reaches agreement on single-hull tanker phase-out
Clean seas guide for oil tankers
Stainless steels intended for chemical tankers : conditions of approval
Model course 1.02 : specialized training for oil tankers
Foreign ocean tankers
Regulation of tanker oil spills
A guide to tanker charters
In this work a completely new wind assisted propulsion technology for commercial  shipping is introduced. The rotor sail solution by Norsepower Ltd. was installed on M/S  Estraden from Bore Ltd fleet. Rotor sails are essentially improved Flettner - rotors with  full automation. Although the basic principle of Flettner- rotors has been known for a  long time, this was the  rst time that a rotor has been retro tted on to a ship and made  commercially available.  Since the beginning of 2015 the sulphur oxide (SOx) emissions are regulated in the Baltic  Sea, the North Sea and in the English Channel. Instead of the traditional heavy fuel oil  (HFO), existing ships are now forced to use more expensive low - sulphur content HFO, change their engines to work with marine diesel oil (MDO) or to install scrubbers that  eliminate the SOx compounds from the exhaust gas. New builds can be made to work  with environmentally friendly liquid natural gas (LNG).  The bunker costs will rise despite the method applied. Even before, with the traditional,  cheaper HFO, the fuel costs were remarkably high, forcing the ship owners to search for  savings on other operating costs. Thus it is essential to  nd a way to reduce the bunker  costs. Already optimization programs are used to minimize the consumption by calculating  optimal trim, selecting the best route based on weather and currents, adjusting the travel  speed between the way points etc.  With the use of Flettner rotors it is possible to obtain notable savings, up to 8 % per rotor. They are completely independent, almost maintenance free and programmed to  work without manual adjusting or crew members attending. They are fully automated  and no special training or course is required from the user. Also, they can be installed on  board during normal harbour stop without interruption or delays in the normal schedules.  Their payback period is so short, that they can be installed even on older ships.  Some minor alterations have been made on this on-line version. The whole work is available in the SAMK library upon request.
LNG carrier success for hose-handling cranes
In a futuristic world, teenaged Nailer scavenges copper wiring from grounded oil tankers for a living, but when he finds a beached clipper ship with a girl in the wreckage, he has to decide if he should strip the ship for its wealth or rescue the girl / Library off Congress.
Russian arctic pioneers
Cracks appear in new Fortum ship
Cold climate container ship breaks the Arctic ice
Ship breaker
UK cargo ships 1999 = UK Frachtschiffe 1999 = UK lastfartyg 1999
Suomen kuvitettu laivaluettelo 2013 = Finnish illustrated list of ships 2013
Ice-class tankers facing trained crew shortages
Russian ice fires rush for orders
Model course 1.04 : specialized training for chemical tankers
Azipod revolution : 180 orders and more than 3 million operating hours
A guide to the vetting process
Prediction of wind and current loads on VLCCs
Oil transportation in the Gulf of Finland in 2020 and 2030
Liquified petroleum gas tanker practice
Tanker chartering clauses
Tanker practice : the construction, operation and maintenance of tankers
Model course. 1.06, Specialized training for liquefied gas tankers
Ocean ships
Vetting inspections on chemical tankers
Cost-effective control for tanker valves
Model course 1.01 : oil tanker familiarization
Abstract: The topic of this thesis is vetting inspections on chemical tankers.  Vetting ships, particularly tankers is nowadays a part of every day life in shipping. The  primary purpose of the vetting is to monitor the safety of the ships. In addition to the  international safety regulations the oil and chemical companies have created a uniform  way to inspect the ships to improve the safe transport of the goods: SIRE and CDI.  Vetting itself means risk assessment.  The SIRE (Ship Inspection Report) system was established by the Oil Companies  International Marine Forum (OCIMF) in 1993 to ensure the safe provision and operation  of tankers. The SIRE system is used by oil tankers, combination carriers, shuttle tankers,  chemical tankers and gas tankers.  At the same time with SIRE, the CDI (Chemical Distribution Institute) was created by the  chemical industry to make similar improvements on the safety and quality performance of  bulk liquid shipping as the SIRE. The CDI system is used by chemical and liquid  petroleum gas (LPG) tankers.  Vetting inspections are only part of the overall screening process. Inspections, both SIRE  and CDI provide information as a database on operation of vessel and effectiveness of  operator's management system as input to vetting assessment.  This thesis' objective is to explain comprehensively about vetting inspections from the  perspective of the crew members, chartering, operator and management. The purpose is  also to describe the physical inspection onboard and the effects of it to the organizations  onshore for the reason that the performance of the vetting inspections is a permanent,  highly relevant part of the job onboard.
Fortum strengthens its links with customer and upgrades its fleet
Tanker Jetty Safety : management of the ship/shore interface
Guidance manual for the inspection and condition assessment of tanker structures
Ship to ship transfer guide : (petroleum)
Guidelines on the use of high-modulus synthetic fibre ropes as mooring lines on large tankers
VOC emissions from loading gasoline onto sea-going tankers in EU-15: control technology and cost-effectiveness
Masa-Yards developing new LNG carrier concepts
Marine terminal survey guidelines : chemical, gas and oil terminals
Model course. 1.02, Specialized Training for Oil Tankers
Towards safer ships & cleaner seas : a handbook for modern tankship operations
Single point mooring and operations guide
Liquefied gas carriers : your personal safety guide
A design for life
Quality management cost process : offshore oil & gas delivery projects
Tankers in the Turret-fleet
New generation of tankers for Fortum
Supertankers : anatomy and operation
Gas and chemical ships safety handbook : an introduction to the requirements of Marpol 73/78 annex II and its relationship with the codes for the construction and equipment of gas and chemical carriers
A couple twins for Neste
Tanker safety guide chemicals
Safety and environment in focus : Fortum Shipping
Chemical product carrier MS Tavi : manual ullage tables for cargo tanks
Rotor pilot project on M/S Estraden of Bore fleet
Oil Tanker safety project minimises the risk of an oil spill
Vessel particulars for Bulk Oil/Chemical Carriers and Gas Carriers
Model course. 1.01, Basic training for oil and chemical tanker cargo operations
Tanker handbook for deck officers
When Finland shifted from coal to oil : a few words about early oil shipments
Worldscale : a tanker chartering tool
Significant ships of 2014
Goal-based ship construction standards for bulk carriers and oil tankers and related guidelines
Gas and LNG sales and transportation agreements : principles and practice
Swedish owner buys Finnish chemical tanker
Significant ships of 2011
Results of long-term ice load measurements on board chemical tanker Kemira in the Baltic Sea during the winters 1985 to 1988
Model course. 1.02, Advanced training for oil tanker cargo operations
Transportation of LNG : a ship manager's view
Analysis of short-term ice load measurements on board MS Kemira during the winters 1987 and 1988
Fortum sells off products tanker pair
This house believes the tanker industry does enough to discharges its obligations to the environment
Tanker management and self assessment : a best practice guide for vessel operations
Redundant machinery for product tanker
Prediction of Wind and Current Loads on VLCCs
Wärtsilä to supply dual-fuel propulsion package for two new Dutch tankers
Fortum upgrades its tonnage
Gas carrier safety handbook
Suomen kuvitettu laivaluettelo 2014 = Finnish illustrated list of ships 2014
Ship reporting system lives up to its reputation
Fortum and Stena join in tanker deal
Havyard seizes icebreaker deal
Stena expands in ice-class tankers
Drift characteristics of 50,000 to 70,000 DWT tankers
IMO regulations relating to double-hull structure and their effects on existing tankers : over-aged tankers will choose demolition, not conversion
ABC of ocean tankers
Safety in the repair of special tankers an owners/managers views
The legendary bird-class
Chemical tanker notes
Fortum's new tanker arrived at a great time
An explanation and guideline for pumping calculations
Register of liguefied gas carriers : 1986 edition
First LNG vessel powered by electric propulsion
Quantified frequency of shuttle tanker collision during offtake operations
Advantages of new four tank LNG carrier design
Effective crude oil washing
Experience of ship installations
Significant ships of 2013
Russian tanker of Finnish design
British ocean tankers : (including international groups with ships under the British flag.)
Crude oil shipping
Operative ice load monitoring on board MT Uikku in March 2001
Suomen kuvitettu laivaluettelo 2016 = Finnish illustrated list of ships 2016
A century of tankers : the tanker story
Finnish tanker owner sheds its last suezmax
LNG building at Kvaerner Masa-Yards going ahead at full steam
Tempera is Fortum's new ice-breaking tanker
Disabled tankers : report of studies on ship drift and towage
Model course. 1.04, Basic training for liquefied gas tanker cargo operations
Russia to take up Finn's icy complaint at EU
