http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20485 course centres
course centres
The glass room
On the role of the single currency ECU
Essays on exchange rates and central bank credibility
ECU-EMS information & Central bank interest rates
The purpose of this thesis was to assist Pappilanniemi with the brand creation, and to be able to give suggestions for Pappilanniemi on how to strengthen its image. The thesis has four objectives. The first objective was to describe what a brand and branding is. The second objective was to be able to give Pappilanniemi the access to branding theories that would be useful for this course centre. The third objective was to study Pappilanniemi's current image from consumers' and companies' point of view by conducting a practical study. The fourth objective was to give Pappilanniemi recommendations and suggestions on how to proceed with its brand-developing matter. The necessary information was collected by utilizing secondary data involving books and the Internet, and primary data that was gathered from empirical research through interviews done by phone and questionnaires sent by mail. According to the results from the conducted study, the strongest attributes for Pappilanniemi concerning its image from church-related enterprises' point-of-view are the relationship to the church and the price-quality ratio. Based on the answers received from consumers the strongest image attributes are nature, location and a diverse supply of services. Only a few of the respondents were aware of Pappilanniemi's appearance on the web. Therefore it is recommended for Pappilanniemi to create its own domain and through this as well as other means strengthen people's awareness of Pappilanniemi.
Central bank policy and external disturbances under fixed exchange rates : a rational expectations approach
The Russian financial markets are small for an economy the size of Russia, and in many respects underdeveloped. This restricts the Central Bank of Russia's scope for conducting monetary policy. In this paper we provide an overview of the Russian financial markets and the CBR's variegated collection of monetary policy tools and their effectiveness. The Russian monetary and exchange rate policy framework is currently in the process of change. During most of the 2000s, the CBR tightly steered the ruble's external value, which left little room for active monetary policy. After the 2008-2009 crisis, the bank began to loosen the reins of exchange rate management with the aim of moving gradually to a regime of inflation targeting. Since the monetary policy tools are still not highly effective, the big challenge for monetary authorities is improve the tools. Keywords: Russia, monetary policy, exchange rate policy .
Murikka Metalworkers' Union course centre Tesiko Tampere 1974/1974-1977
Economic and monetary union : compilation of Community legislation June 1999.
Economics of monetary union
Compilation of Community legislation on economic and monetary union
Exchange-rate regimes and capital flows
From teacher to manager : managing language teaching organizations
Should the ECB respond to exchange rates?
Developing the Pappilanniemi brand
A Europe made of money : the emergence of the European Monetary System
Abstract (s. 3). Summary (s. 33-35).
Measuring exchange market pressure and central bank intervention
Russian financial markets and monetary policy instruments
Modeling monetary economies
The economics of monetary union
The Euro
Finland and EMU : [EMU Expert Working Group report]
Metallityöväen liiton kurssikeskus Teisko, Tampere = Finnish metalworker's union course centre Teisko, Tampere
Studies on exchange rate determination and currency substitution
