http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20453 Popes
Popes
[Tiivistelmä]
Catholic missions : four great missionary encyclicals
Popes, monks, and crusaders
Primacy in the church : the office of primate and the authority of councils. Volume two, Contemporary and contextual perspectives
I ask you to pray for me : opening a horizon of hope
How can the Petrine ministry be a service to the unity of the universal church?
The urban development of Rome in the age of Alexander VII
In his first appearance as newly elected pope, mindful of the challenging tasks ahead of him, Pope Francis humbly asked the crowds who came to rejoice at his election to pray for him. From this request I ask you to pray for me comes the title of this inspirational little book, a collection of homilies, addresses, and audiences given by Pope Francis in the days following his election on March 13 up until Easter Monday, April 1, 2013. "And now I would like to give the blessing, but first first I ask a favor of you: before the bishop blesses his people, I ask you to pray to the Lord that he will bless me: the prayer of the people asking the blessing for their bishop. Let us make, in silence, this prayer: your prayer over me." The selections range from the first greeting of the Holy Father to addresses to the College of Cardinals, representatives of the communications media, representatives of the churches and ecclesial communities and of the different religions, to the diplomatic corps. And homilies include those given on Holy Thursday, Good Friday, Holy Saturday, and of course Easter Sunday. Following these selections is a brief but informative biography of Pope Francis. Once comes away from reading these entries with a feeling of being privy to many moving and enduring moments that will forever define Pope Francis papacy. Here is a book that offers a first glimpse into the mind and heart of our new pope, in his own words. It will find a wide readership among committed Catholics, those who may be thinking about a return to the church, and anyone interested in the future direction of the church. -- Provided by publisher.
The Pope is dead. Behind the locked doors of the Sistine Chapel, one hundred and eighteen cardinals from all over the globe will cast their votes in the world's most secretive election. They are holy men. But they have ambition. And they have rivals. Over the next seventy-two hours one of them will become the most powerful spiritual figure on earth.
Woman of God
The rebirth of an image : transformation in the construction of meaning in painting : a case study of Diego Velázquez' and Francis Bacon's papal portraits of Innocent X
Leo the Great and the spiritual rebuilding of a universal Rome
Based on his letters antl sermons, A twofold solidarity offers a wideranging survey of the theology of fifth-century pope Saint Leo the Great. In addition to shedding new light on the familiar topics of christology ancl ecclesiology, the author follows less well-worn paths in order to explor Leo's spiritual, pastoral, and social theology, and outlines his vision of the way in which the mysteries of salvationhistory continue to impact ou the Christian community. At centre stage is the insight that the one who is "consubstantial" with God the Father has become "consubstantial" with human beings, and it emerges that this "double consubstantiality", or "twofold solidarity", informs each and every aspect of Leo's preaching.
The Eastern schism : a study of the papacy and the Eastern churches during the XIth and XIIth centuries
The Papacy and the Modern World
Ex machina. Book 7 : Ex cathedra
The Vatican's opening of its archives in 2006 for the period of the papacy of Pius XI (1922-1939) has prompted a burst of historical research which is not only shedding new light on the role of the Holy See and the Church in this period of extraordinary political and social turmoil, but also on some of the major world events of this period. In 2008, a number of institutions created a research network, bringing together scholars from different countries who are working in these archives and highlighting its emerging work to the broader scholarly community. This book represents the proceedings from a conference of this research network, held in Providence, Rhode Island, at the Brown University in October 2010.
Benedict XVI : "a simple and humble labourer in the Lord's vineyard" : autobiographical notes
Gregorius V, 996-999 : a biographical study
Light of the world : the pope, the church, and the signs of the times : a conversation with Peter Seewald
Encyclical letter Centesimus Annus addressed by the supreme pontiff John Paul II to his venerable brothers in the episcopate, the priests and deacons, families of men and women religious, all the Christian faithful and to all men and women of good will on the hundredth anniversary of Rerum Novarum
A history of the popes 1830-1914
The tweetable pope : a spiritual revolution in 140 characters
Paul VI : the first modern pope
Conclave : the politics, personalities, and process of the next papal election
The vision of John Paul II : assessing his thought and influence
An interview with Pope Francis reveals his thoughts on personal and controversial topics, including his vision of the church, stance on gays and lesbians, and his own humanity. The world was shocked when Jesuit magazines across the globe simultaneously released an exclusive interview with Pope Francis, just six months into his historic papacy. Within minutes of its release, the interview dominated the worldwide media. In a wide-ranging conversation, Pope Francis spoke movingly about his spiritual life, his hopes for church reform, his open-minded stance toward gays and lesbians, his views on women, and even his favorite movies. This book includes an introduction by the editor in chief of America magazine, Matt Malone, SJ, describing the genesis of the interview, a series of responses by a diverse range of Catholic voices, and a spiritual refection on the interview by James Martin, SJ, author of The Jesuit Guide to (Almost) Everything. In his refection, Father Martin helps readers use the Pope's powerful comments as a foundation for personal prayer. In this historic interview, Pope Francis's vision for the church and humanity itself is delivered through a warm and intimate conversation, and he shows us all how to have a big heart open to God.
The papacy
Pocket dictionary of popes
Ratzinger's faith : the theology of pope Benedict XVI
On heaven and Earth : Pope Francis on faith, family, and the church in the twenty-first century
The papal encyclicals. 1903-1939
The Medici : power, money, and ambition in the Italian renaissance
The encyclicals of John Paul II : an introduction and commentary
Avignon in flower 1309-1403
Sixtus V : the hermit of Villa Montalto
The theology of Pope Benedict XVI : the Christocentric shift
Popes and antipopes : the politics of eleventh century church reform
Pope Innocent III and his world
The policies and politics of Pope Pius XII : between diplomacy and morality
"Popes do not usually grant book-length interviews to journalists. And never before has a pope given as in-depth and extensive interview as this one, answering so many direct questions on so many personal and controversial topics. ... As believers and non-believers alike read this book, many will be challenged to reconsider what they think they know about Pope Benedict XVI and the future of the Catholic Church."--Inside flap.
Hitler's Pope : the secret history of Pius XII
Popes, canonists and texts, 1150-1550
Rights, laws and infallibility in Medieval thought
The popes and the papacy in the early Middle Ages, 476-752
Were the Popes against the Jews? : tracking the myths, confronting the ideologues
Christianity, latinity, and culture : two studies on Lorenzo Valla
Julius II : the warrior pope
The splendor of faith : the theological vision of Pope John Paul II
Päpste und Papsttum. Bd 21, The Vatican and the American hierarchy from 1870 to 1965
Certain sainthood : canonization and the origins of papal infallibility in the medieval church
The assassination attempt against the pope and the roots of terrorism
The papacy : an encyclopedia
The Roman crucible : the artistic patronage of the Papacy 1198-1304
The history of the decline and fall of the medieval papacy
Pope Innocent III (1160/61-1216) : to root up and to plant
Laudato si': on care for our common home : encyclical letter
Vicars of Christ : a history of the popes
Man of the century : the life and times of Pope John Paul II
Saints & sinners : a history of the Popes
Pope Francis : life and revolution : a biography of Jorge Bergoglio
The bishop of Rome in late antiquity
Francis, a new world pope
This engrossing book encompasses the extraordinary history of the papacy, from its beginnings to the present day. This new edition covers the unprecedented resignation of Benedict XVI and the election of the first Argentinian pope.
The pontificate of Clement VII : history, politics, culture
Lives of the popes : the pontiffs from St. Peter to John Paul II
The next Pope : a behind-the-scenes look at how the successor to John Paul II will be elected and where he will lead the Church
The papal encyclicals. 1878-1903
A twofold solidarity : Leo the Great's theology of redemption
The deaths of the popes : comprehensive accounts, including funerals, burial places and epitaphs
The lives of the eighth-century popes (Liber Pontificalis) : the ancient biographies of nine popes from AD 715 to AD 817
The medieval papacy
A sudden terror : the plot to murder the Pope in Renaissance Rome
Mulieris dignitatem : apostolic letter of the Supreme Pontiff John Paul II on the dignity & vocation of women on the occasion of the Marian year
"Many refer to Pope Benedict XVI as "the Mozart of Theology." Who are the personalities and thinkers who have informed his theology? What events, and which religious devotions, have shaped his personality? What are the central themes of his complex scholarship encompassing more than 1500 titles? This study attempts to shed light on the unifying melody of the policies and positions of a pontificate charged with spiritual and theological depth. Especially in the 1970s an anthropocentric shift had occurred. Emery de Gal̀ argues that, amid a general lack of original, secular ideas stirring public opinion, Benedict XVI inaugurates an epochal Christocentric shift; by rekindling the Patristic genius, he provides Christianity with both intellectual legitimacy and the scholarship needed to propel it into the twenty-first century"--Provided by publisher.
The letters of Gerbert with his papal privileges as Sylvester II
The popes : a history
The book of pontiffs (Liber Pontificalis) : the ancient biographies of the first ninety Roman bishops to AD 715
Politics and the papacy in the modern world
This fascinating dictionary gives concise accounts of every officially recognized pope in history, from St Peter to Pope Benedict XVI, as well as all of their irregularly elected rivals, the so-called antipopes. Each pope and antipope's entry covers his family and social background and pre-papal career as well as his activities in office. Also, an appendix provides a detailed discussion and analysis of the tradition that there has been a female pope. This new edition reflects the very latest in papal research and contains additional information in the further reading sections of each entry, making the book an even more useful starting place for research into specific pontiffs. The entries are arranged chronologically making this a continuous history of the papacy over almost 2,000 years. It reveals how, for much of that history, spiritual and temporal power have been inextricably mingled in the person of the pope. A fascinating read for students of theology and history, as well as the general reader with an interest in Christian history.
Jesus of Nazareth. [1], From the baptism in the Jordan to the Transfiguration
The Holy Eucharist : letter of the Supreme Pontiff Pope John Paul II to all the bishops of the church on the mystery and worship of the Holy Eucharist
The papacy and England 12th-14th centuries : historical and legal studies
The cross on the sword : supplement to Orders of knighthood, awards and the Holy See
Encyclical letter Dives in misericordia of the Supreme Pontiff John Paul II On the mercy of God
Drawing from new archival research, Pius IV and the Fall of the Carafa shows how the popes of the mid-sixteenth century sought to re-assert and project their authority over the Catholic Church during the first phase of the Counter-Reformation. Its narrative focus is the trial of cardinals Carlo and Alfonso Carafa, nephews of Paul IV (1555-1559), who, together with Carlo's brother Giovanni, were arrested and indicted by their uncle's successor Pius IV (1559-65) on charges of murder, theft, and corruption. Taking place from June 1560 to April 1561 as preparations were underway for a resumption of the Council of Trent, this was the only occasion in the early modern period in which a papal family were impeached for their actions in government. It provided a well-publicized forum in which questions about the nature and extent of the pope's authority were raised, contested, and answered by different groups within the Roman political and ecclesiastical elite. While the Carafa trial has previously been understood to have been primarily of importance only to the development of papal nepotism, Miles Pattenden now demonstrates how Pius used it as a vehicle by which to intimidate the College of Cardinals and to re-impose stricter hierarchical control over the institutions of the Catholic Church.
Hyacinth Bobone (c 1105-1198) was one of the great figures of twelfth-century Europe. Active in the Roman Curia from the 1120s, a student in Paris, and associated with both Peter Abelard and Arnold of Brescia, he was made cardinal deacon of Santa Maria in Cosmedin by Pope Lucius II in 1144 and served there during forty-seven years before being elected as pope in 1191.As curial cardinal and as papal legate in France, Spain, Portugal and the Empire, he was deeply involved in many of the major political conflicts and ecclesiastical reforms of his time. As pope, he contended with formidable secular rulers and serious setbacks for the crusading movement. His pontificate saw particularly notable developments in the fields of canon law and canonization policy, while his Roman origins influenced his artistic patronage in Rome and his attitude to the city's Jews. Yet this remarkable pope has been overshadowed by his celebrated successor, Pope Innocent III (1198-1216) and there has been no full-length study of his life since 1905.The fifteen studies presented here offer a fresh look at Hyacinth's early life in Rome, Paris and as legate, explain his relationship as cardinal and pope with the Christian kings, examine his promotion of the crusade in the Holy Land, on the Baltic Frontier and in the Iberian Peninsula, and analyze his role as pastor and reformer. These articles, written by leading experts in their respective fields, inform us not only on the life of an exceptional churchman but also of the vibrant and rapidly changing times in which he lived.
The Oxford dictionary of popes
Light of the World : the Pope, the Church, and the signs of the times
Pope John Paul II : the biography
A history of the popes
Pope John XXIII : essential writings
The great popes through history : an encyclopedia
Man and woman He created them : a theology of the body
Gregory the Great and his world
Mary, God's yes to man : Pope John Paul II Encyclical letter, Mother of the redeemer
Gregory the Great : ascetic, pastor, and first man of Rome
A big heart open to God : a conversation with Pope Francis
At the dawn of the seventeenth century, the Sun revolved around the Earth according to God's plan and as set down in the Bible. Yet some men knew that the Heavens did not move as they should and began to believe exactly the opposite--a heresy punishable by being burned alive / WorldCat.
Taxation, community and state : the Jews and the fiscal foundations of the early modern papal state
Oxford dictionary of popes
Encyclical letter, Ut unum sint
The growth of papal government in the Middle Ages : a study in the ideological relation of clerical to lay power
The papal encyclicals. 1939-1958
Primacy in the church : the office of primate and the authority of councils. Volume 1, Historical and theological perspectives
Buon appetito, your Holiness : the secrets of the Papal table
The God of Jesus Christ : meditations on God in the Trinity
A companion to Gregory the Great
The new pontificate : a time for change?
The Pope's archaeologist : the life and times of Carlo Fea
Publisher Synopsis: Robert Louis Wilken "Here is a book on the new pope to be enjoyed now and cherished later. . . . What makes this book such a pleasure to read is that it includes selections from his earlier speeches and writings -- on the city of Buenos Aires, on the economy, on a girlfriend of his before he 'discovered [his] religious vocation,' on humility, on single mothers, on the tango, on soccer, and more. And then there are illuminating comments on the man from people in Argentina -- a lawyer, a student, a priest, and others. Francis, a New World Pope is a unique introduction to the man who is now Pope Francis."
Covenant and communion : the biblical theology of Pope Benedict XVI
The work of Lorenzo Valla (1406-57) has enjoyed renewed attention in recent years, as have new critical editions of his texts. One of the most interesting interpreters of Valla, Salvatore I. Camporeale, O.P., had a following among scholars who read Italian, but very little of his work saw the light in English before his death in 2002. This book presents two of Camporeale's studies on Valla in English, which examine in detail two of Valla's works: his treatise on the Donation of Constantine (undoubtedly the work for which Valla is best known) and his Encomium of Saint Thomas Aquinas, delivered publicly in the last year of Valla's life and, in Camporeale's reading, summing up Valla's multi-faceted thought.
Encyclical Redemptor Hominis addressed by the Supreme Pontiff John Paul II to his venerable brothers in the Episcopate, the priests, the religious families, the sons and daughters of the church and to all men and women of good will at the beginning of his papal ministry
The papal monarchy : the Western church from 1050 to 1250
This analysis of royal marriage cases across seven centuries explains how and how far popes controlled royal entry into and exits from their marriages. In the period between c. 860 and 1600, the personal lives of kings became the business of the papacy. D'Avray explores the rationale for papal involvement in royal marriages and uses them to analyse the structure of church-state relations. The marital problems of the Carolingian Lothar II, of English kings--John, Henry III, and Henry VIII--and other monarchs, especially Spanish and French, up to Henri IV of France and La Reine Margot, have their place in this exploration of how canon law came to constrain pragmatic political manoeuvring within a system increasingly rationalised from the mid-thirteenth century on. Using documents presented in the author's Dissolving Royal Marriages, the argument brings out hidden connections between legal formality, annulments, and dispensations, at the highest social level.
Buon appetito, your holiness : the secrets of the Papal table
Blood & beauty
The popes and the mission : four encyclical letters
Encyclical Laborem exercens addressed by the Supreme Pontiff John Paul II to his venerable brothers in the episcopate, to the priests, to the religious families, to the sons and daughters of the church and to all men and women of good will on human work on the ninetieth anniversary of Rerum novarum
The popes and European revolution
The rule of Benedict : Pope Benedict XVI and his battle with the modern world
He loves the tango, was trained as a Chemist, and in his youth he had a regular girlfriend whom he planned to marry. For a pope, Francis has an unusual life story. Drawing on conversations, interviews, inside information and the Pope's own writings and talks, A Call to Serve offers first-hand information, moving reflections, and profound insights into the life and character of Jorge Bergoglio, his ministry in Buenos Aires, the challenges he faces in Rome, and his vision for renewing the church and serving the world. Provides intriguing insights into the historic events surrounding Pope Benedict XVI's resignation, the conclave that elected Pope Francis, and the ups and downs of his time as a priest and cardinal in Argentina.
Roma resurgens : papal medals from the age of the baroque
Saints & sinners : a history of the popes
The papal encyclicals. 1958-1981
The space of the word : the literary activity of Karol Wojtyła - John Paul II
n choosing his name, Pope Francis was indicating an agenda, a vision, and a sense of mission. Saint Francis, the most universally beloved saint, reformed the church by imitating Christ—in simplicity, poverty, and love for those on the margins. The spirit of St. Francis calls the church to embrace the poor, to promote peace and adopt an ecological consciousness. In embracing these values, Pope Francis has unleashed enormous hopes. Here, Leonardo Boff, one of the leading figures of liberation theology as well as the global movement for justice and ecology, explores the connections between these two Francises—and the promise they hold for the church and the world today,
His name was John : a life of Pope John XXIII
Chronicle of the popes : the reign-by-reign record of the papacy from St. Peter to the present
Encyclical letter Veritatis splendor addressed by the Supreme Pontiff Pope John Paul II to all the bishops of the Catholic church regarding certain fundamental questions of the church's moral teaching
Examines Pope Gregory's central role in the crusading movement and his ability to enlist the participation of virtually all the leaders of Western Europe, the Byzantine emperor, and the Ilkhan of the Moguls to attack the Mamluk Sultan Baybars. Although Gregory's premature death put an end to his crusade plans, the book demonstrates that he left a lasting mark on crusading in the years to come.
Historia renarrata : early Benedictine revisions of the First Crusade
The popes : histories and secrets : the background and mysteries of the Holy See, together with antipopes, jubilees, conclaves and ecumenical councils revealed through the biographies of the 264 Roman pontiffs
The church in council : conciliar movements, religious practice and the Papacy from Nicaea to Vatican II
Papal infallibility : a Protestant evaluation of an ecumenical issue
John XXIII : pope of the century
Papacy, monarchy and marriage 860–1600
Unholy war : the Vatican's role in the rise of modern anti-semitism
Faith and leadership : the papacy and the Roman Catholic Church
Soldier of Christ : the life of Pope Pius XII
The investiture disputes
Apostolic letter Duodecim saeculum of the Supreme Pontiff John Paul II to the Episcopate of the Catholic Church on the occasion of the 1200th anniversary of the second Council of Nicaea
Woman of god
Bullarium Hellenicum : Pope Honorius III's letters to Frankish Greece and Constantinople (1216-1227)
The sky's dark labyrinth
Pope Gregory X and the crusades
Considering Veritatis splendor
Pope Celestine III (1191-1198) : diplomat and pastor
The myth of Pope Joan
Avignon of the popes : city of exiles
Francis of Rome & Francis of Assisi : a new spring in the church?
Spiritual rationality
A call to serve : the inside story of Pope Francis - who he is, how he lives, what he asks
Reclaiming Rome : cardinals in the fifteenth century
Jesus as Christ : what is at stake in Christology?
Original papal documents in England and Wales from the accession of Pope Innocent III to the death of Pope Benedict XI (1198-1304)
Dictionary of world biography. Vol. 3, The Renaissance
Ten popes who shook the world
Pius XI and America : proceedings of the Brown University conference, (Providence, October 2010)
The holy assasin
Mememory and identity : personal reflections
Pius IV and the fall of Carafa : nepotism and papal authority in Counter-Reformation Rome
St. Peter's Square, Rome. White smoke signals that a new Pope has been chosen. Is it possible that the new Pope is a woman? The world is watching as historic crowds gather in Rome, waiting for news of a new Pope, one who promises to be unlike any other in the Church's history. Some followers are ecstatic, but the leading candidate has made a legion of powerful enemies. From a difficult childhood with drug addled parents, to a career as a doctor on the front lines in Sudan, to a series of trials that test her faith at every turn, Brigid Fitzgerald's convictions and callings have made her the target of all those who fear that the Church has lost its way dangerous adversaries who abhor challenges to tradition. Locked in a deadly, high-stakes battle with forces determined to undermine everything she believes in, Brigid must convert her enemies to her cause before she loses her faith and her life.
The return of apocalypticism
Encyclical letter Dominum et Vivificantem of the Supreme Pontiff John Paul II on the Holy Spirit in the life of the Church and the World
The pope's dilemma : Pius XII faces atrocities and genocide in the Second World War
Ecumenical ventures in ethics : Protestants engage Pope Paul II's Moral Encyclicals : a project of the Institute for Ecumenical Research, Strasbourg
Encyclical letter Veritatis splendor addressed by his Supreme Pontiff Pope John Paul II to all the bishops of the Catholic church regarding certain fundamental questions of the church's moral teaching
Mystici corporis : encyclical letter of Pope Pius XII on the mystical body of Christ
The right of spoil of the popes of Avignon, 1316-1415
From inquisition to freedom : seven prominent catholics and their struggle with the Vatican
Heirs of the Fisherman : behind the scenes of papal death and succession
