http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20476 timothy-grass
timothy-grass Phleum pratense
Development of yield and nutritive value of timothy in primary growth and regrowth in northern growing conditions
Strontium content and strontium-calcium ratio in timothy (Phleum pratense L.) and soil in Finland
Prediction of silage composition and organic matter digestibility from herbage composition and pepsin-cellulase solubility
Growth and utilization of timothy : meadow fescue pastures
Effects of defoliation and mycorrhizal fungus (AM) on primary production and soil biota in experimental grassland microcosms composed of white clover (Trifolium repens) and timothy (Phleum pratense)
Virallisten lajikekokeiden tulokset 2001-2008 = Results of official variety trials 2001-2008
Effects of defoliation height on regrowth of timothy and meadow fescue in the generative and vegetative phases of growth
Quantification of photoperiodic effects on growth of Phleum pratense = Funksjonelle sammenhenger mellom daglengde og vekst hos timotei
Selenium content of soils and timothy (Phleum pratense L.) in Finland
Biotechnological improvement in crop breeding : study of androgenic and somatic embryogenesis and plant regeneration in turnip rape, timothy and rye
The influence of harvest date, nitrogen application and weather on development and nutritional value of timothy (Phleum pratense L.) and its implication for prediction of forage quality
The effect of fertilization on the overwintering of timothy (Phleum pratense)
Thermic tresholds and wintering of timothy, Phleum pratense, in Pelsonsuo
Influence of autumn cutting time and weather on growth potential and growth of timothy (Phleum pratense L.) and red clover (Trifolium pratense L.)
Strontium content and strontium-calcium ratio in timothy (Phleum pratense L.] and soil in Finland
Analyses of climatic factors affecting snow mould injury in first-year timothy (Phleum pratense L.) with special reference to Sclerotinia borealis
Plant-availability of soil and fertilizer zinc in cultivated soils of Finland
DNA markers for Typhula resistance in timothy (Phleum pratense L.)
Regulation of flowering and canopy structure in timothy (Phleum pratense L.)
Thermic tresholds and wintering of timothy in Pelsonsuo
Growth analysis of timothy, meadow fescue and red clover mixture in northern Sweden
Temporal and soil depth-related variation in soil enzyme activities and in root growth of red clover (Trifolium pratense) and timothy (Phleum pratense) in the field
Growth and utilization of timothy-meadow fescue pastures
Contarinia kanervoi barnes (Dipt., Itonididae) bionomics, damage and control
Arsenic and other elements in agro-ecosystems in Finland and particularly in the Pirkanmaa region
Influence of harvesting strategy on nutrient supply and production of dairy cows consuming diets based on grass and red clover silage
The development of the yield and nutritive value of timothy (Phleum pratense L.) both in the primary growth and in the regrowth were studied at MTT Plant Production Research, a unit of MTT Agrifood Research Finland, in Rovaniemi (66°35'N) in 1999-2001. The dry matter yield and leaf:stem ratio were measured from the crop samples, and the contents of crude protein and organic matter digestibility of both whole plant samples and leaf and stem fractions were analysed. In primary growth, the most rapid increase of dry matter, 220-240 kg/ha per day, was measured around the beginning of the heading stage. There was a very strong positive correlation between the proportion of stems and the amount of dry matter in the primary yield. The daily growth rate of the regrowth was less than half of that of the primary growth. The fastest decrease, 1 percentage unit per day, in crude protein content was measured at the pasture stage (4-5 -leaf stage). During the entire sampling period, the average daily decline in crude protein content in the primary growth of timothy was 0.65 percentage units. The main cause for the rapid decline in crude protein content was the high proportion of stem matter and its low protein content. In the regrowth, during the last four weeks before the harvest, the average daily decline in crude protein content was 0.28 percentage units.The average decline in organic matter digestibility from early pasture stage to late silage stage was 0.9 percentage units per day. The most remarkable change was noticed at the growth stage of timothy when about the half of stems were heading and it was then that the digestibility decreased by more than one percentage unit per day. The rapid decline in organic matter digestibility was due to the low digestibility of stem matter. The daily change in forage digestibility in the regrowth was very small, on average 0.11%.
The objective of the study was to find DNA markers associated with resistance to Typhula ishikariensis in timothy (Phleum pratense L.) using bulked-segregant analysis. A progeny of 161 F1 individuals was created by crossing the Finnish resistant cultivar Tammisto II with the Japanese susceptible cultivar Nosappu. Six to ten clones of each F1 individual were tested for resistance in the greenhouse, and a survival index, which was based both on survival and the ability of plants to recover, was calculated for each F1 to describe resistance. Resistant and susceptible bulks of eight individuals in each were screened with a total of 292 primer combinations. Six DNA markers were found to be associated with resistance, together explaining 15% of phenotypic variation in Typhula resistance. Four of the markers formed one linkage group, which contained a QTL explaining 7% of the variation in Typhula resistance.
Growth analysis defining plant and weather interactions in timothy, meadowfescue and red clover mixture in Northern Sweden
Effects of plant species and harvesting system on grassland production in northern Finland
