http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20469 TEST (computer programmes)
TEST (computer programmes)
This title considers why summative assessment in English is difficult and explores viewing it as an arts subject rather than one which is quantifiable and assessable objectively. "Testing English" considers why English is such a difficult subject to assess summatively and takes the view that English is an arts subject rather than one which is quantifiable and assessable objectively. Bethan Marshall examines the nature of the subject, the battlegrounds of examinations over the last 100 years and considers some of the solutions that have been put in place to overcome the problem both in the UK and abroad. "Testing English" looks at the way English lends itself to formative assessment in that it actively encourages dialogue with the pupils in the absence of 'right answers'. It explores the complex relationship between formative and summative assessment and considers the relationship in the light of the introduction of Assessing Pupil's Progress (APP). It is an essential reading for postgraduate students and researchers looking at the complexities involved in assessing English.
A Framework for Observation-Based Modelling in Model-Based Testing
Assessing Vocabulary
Criterion-Referenced Language Testing
Non-invasive analysis of leukotrienes as biomarkers of airway inflammation : method development and clinical applications
The Rorschach in practice
Cardiorespiratory fitness and physical activity in older adults : a population-based study in men and women
The student evaluation standards : how to improve evaluations of students
Predictive Toxicology in Drug Safety
Interferon-beta treatment in multiple sclerosis : analysis of neutralizing antibodies
Guidelines for exercise testing and prescription
Testing English : formative and summative approaches to English assessment
Theory and practice of psychological testing
Driver behaviour and training. Volume IV
How to succeed in exams & assessments
The Hutt adaptation of the Bender-gestalt test : rapid screening and intensive diagnosis
Practical aspects of cosmetic testing : how to set up a scientific study in skin physiology
The Rorschach : a comprehensive system. Volume 1, Basic foundations
3D visualization as a tool to evaluate sign comprehension
A primer for Rorschach interpretation
Assessment of Learners with Dyslexic-Type Difficulties
Stress testing : principles and practice
Gestational diabetes:long-term, metabolic consequences for the mother and child
This book summarizes many of the recent advances in the theory and practice of achievement testing, in the light of technological developments, and developments in psychometric and psychological theory.
Interpreting standardized test scores : strategies for data-driven instructional decision making
Incidence, emergence, persistence and mechanisms of antimicrobial resistance in clinical isolates and normal microbiota
The goal of this book is to emphasize the formal statistical features of the practice of equating, linking, and scaling. This book encourages the view and discusses the quality of the equating results from the statistical perspective (new models, robustness, fit, testing hypotheses, statistical monitoring) as opposed to placing the focus on the policy and the implications, which although very important, represent a different side of the equating practice. This book contributes to establishing 'equating' as a theoretical field, a view that has not been offered often before. The tradition in the practice of equating has been to present the knowledge and skills needed as a craft, which implies that only with years of experience under the guidance of a knowledgeable practitioner could one acquire the required skills. This book challenges this view by indicating how a good equating framework, a sound understanding of the assumptions that underlie the psychometric models, and the use of statistical tests and statistical process control tools can help the practitioner navigate the difficult decisions in choosing the final equating function. This book provides a valuable reference for several groups: statisticians and psychometricians interested in the theory behind equating methods, in the use of model-based statistical methods for data smoothing, and in the evaluation of the equating results in applied work; practitioners who need to equate tests, including those with these responsibilities in testing companies, state testing agencies, and school districts; and, instructors in psychometric, measurement, and psychology programs.
Personality tests and assessments
Assessing personality
The impact of airway-irritating exposure and wet work on subjects with allergy or other sensitivity : epidemiology and mechanisms
An index of Rorschach responses : studies on the psychological characteristics of medical students-I
This step-by-step approach allows students to master testing and measurement concepts through practical exercises and feedback. The authors guide the reader through the essential components of measurement, beginning with measurement scales and ending with reliablity and validity.
A Rorschach workbook for the comprehensive system
Personnel selection : test and measurement techniques
Age-related androgen secretion in healthy women and in women with polycystic ovary syndrome
The book outlines the major areas of listening research in an accessible manner and provides language teachers with guidelines to design and develop suitable listening tests for their students.
An introduction to psychological assessment and psychometrics
Pediatric norms for cardiopulmonary exercise testing : in relation to sex and age
Validity in educational & psychological assessment
This is an accessible introduction to statistics written specifically for education students in the changing educational landscape.
IPCS mode of action framework
Developing psychological test for measuring risk of violent and suicidal behaviour
Psychometric assessment of the individual child
This book presents a collection of statistical methods and procedures to assess data coming from educational systems. The topics examined include: statistical methods for constructing composite indicators, applied measurements, assessment of educational systems, measurement of the performance of the students at Italian universities, and statistical modeling for questionnaire data. Other issues are the implications of introducing different assessment criteria and procedures to the Italian university system.
Technical comparison between two pulp vitality testers
Physical exercise in clinically healthy men and in patients with angiographically documented coronary artery disease with special reference to cardiac autonomic control and warm-up phenomenon
Handbook of gender and sexuality in psychological assessment
Forensic applications of the MMPI-2
Measuring Intelligence : Facts and Fallacies
This volume presents a framework that expands the traditional concept of a vocabulary test to cover a range of procedures for assessing the vocabulary knowledge of second language learners.
GMAT® for dummies
Introduction to cardiopulmonary exercise testing
Recommendations and standard guidelines for exercise testing : report of the Task Force Conference on Ergometry, Titisee 1987
Standard setting : a guide to establishing and evaluating performance standards on tests
The emotionally intelligent workplace : how to select for measure, and improve emotional intelligence in individuals, groups, and organizations
A Rorschach workbook
Multifaceted assessment for early childhood education
Handbook of measurement and evaluation in rehabilitation
Heart rate variability during 48-hour recovery from incremental cycle ergometer test in type 1 diabetes patients and healthy controls
Sexual dysfunction:the roles of yohimbine hydrochloride and intracavernosal vasoactive drugs in the treatment of erectile dysfunction, the effect of transurethral resection of prostate on sexual functions and the impact of dihydrotestosterone on andropausal symptoms
Written to help researchers create and evaluate scores more efficiently Bruce Thompson's text covers score reliability reliability induction and reliability generalization. Exercises with simple data are included at the end of each sections so that readers can demonstrate understanding of the principles.
Clinical studies of biomarkers in suicide prediction
Functional studies in palliated and totally corrected adult patients with tetralogy of Fallot
This book provides comprehensive and up-to-date information on the neuropsychiatric disturbances that may be experienced by patients with multiple sclerosis. The first section is designed primarily to describe the general clinical aspects of multiple sclerosis, from epidemiology to assessment tools. The role of neuroimaging and especially MRI is then explained, and treatment approaches and rehabilitation strategies are described. The core section of the volume is the second, in which the various forms of neuropsychiatric dysfunction are considered in depth. Especially,  detailed attention is devoted to depression, but the other main categories of disturbance are also described and discussed. The final section addresses cognitive dysfunctions since they represent some of the worst events that patients with multiple sclerosis can suffer and are intimately related to neuropsychiatric dysfunction.
The field of intelligence testing has been revolutionized by Alan S. Kaufman. He developed the Wechsler Intelligence Scale for Children–Revised (WISC-R) with David Wechsler, and his best-selling book, Intelligent Testing with the WISC-R, introduced the phrase 'intelligent testing'. Kaufman, with his wife, Nadeen, then created his own series of tests: the Kaufman Assessment Battery for Children (K-ABC), the Kaufman Test of Educational Achievement (K-TEA), the Kaufman Brief Intelligence Test (K-BIT), and many others. The K-ABC, the first major intelligence test to challenge the Wechsler, helped raise the bar for future tests. This is a celebration of his life's work, with contributions by a 'who's who' in IQ testing, including Bruce Bracken, Dawn Flanagan, Elaine Fletcher-Janzen, Randy Kamphaus, Nancy Mather, Steve McCallum, Jack Naglieri, Tom Oakland, Cecil Reynolds, and Robert Sternberg, is edited by his son James, and features essays expanding on his work and ideas from former colleagues.
Psychological testing
Assessment and learning
Statistical methods for the evaluation of university systems
Wisconsin Card Sorting Test manual
Acute myocardial infarction and glucose abnormalities : novel risk markers and characteristics
Exercise testing in the prediction of cardiovascular diseases and mortality : a prospective population study in men
WHO collaborative study on alcohol and injuries : final report
Neuropsychiatric Dysfunction in Multiple Sclerosis
Exhaled nitrogen oxides and carbon monoxide in asthma and cystic fibrosis: markers of inflammation?
Readings in psychological tests and measurements
Cardiopulmonary exercise testing is an important diagnostic test in pulmonary medicine and cardiology. Capable of providing significantly more information about an individual's exercise capacity than standard exercise treadmill or 6-minute walk tests, the test is used for a variety of purposes including evaluating patients with unexplained exercise limitation or dyspnea on exertion, monitoring disease progression or response to treatment, determining fitness to undergo various surgical procedures and monitoring the effects of training in highly fit athletes. Introduction to Cardiopulmonary Exercise Testing is a unique new text that is ideal for trainees. It is presented in a clear, concise and easy-to-follow manner and is capable of being read in a much shorter time than the available texts on this topic. Chapters describe the basic physiologic responses observed during sustained exercise and explain how to perform and interpret these studies. The utility of the resource is further enhanced by several sections of actual patient cases, which provide opportunities to begin developing test interpretation skills. Given the widespread use of cardiopulmonary exercise testing in clinical practice, trainees in pulmonary and critical care medicine, cardiology, sports medicine, exercise physiology, and occasionally internal medicine, will find Introduction to Cardiopulmonary Exercise Testing to be an essential and one of a kind reference.
A clinical approach to children's Rorschachs
Mixed-methods research with young people who are vulnerable and 'difficult to reach' : the emotional intelligence of young people who have offended
Hormones, Talent, and Career : Unlock Your Hormonal Quotient®
The insulin response to glucose infusion during pregnancy : biochemical and clinical effects of high and low insulin responses in mothers and infants
The basic purpose of this book is to provide teachers and administrators with a manual, of sorts, designed to help them understand the nature of standardised tests and, in particular the scores that result from them.
Auditory comprehension : clinical and experimental studies with the Token Test
Score reliability : contemporary thinking on reliability issues
The role of the global pilot project in the knowledge transfer within organization : a case study analysis
Exercise stress test in stroke risk prediction
Sign test of independence between two random vectors
Eleven articles examine issues concerning both research and practice on this most widely used psychological test in forensic psychology, from the scientific bases of forensic applications of the MMPI-2 to its use in the assessment of criminal responsibility. Annotation copyright Book News, Inc. Portland Or.
Recent experiments in psychology
Coding strategies for the Rorschach comprehensive system
Psychological testing : a practical approach to design and evaluation
Many interventions with young offenders require the young people to have a higher appreciation of their own (and others') emotions than they appeared able to demonstrate. Since this might not only be severely reducing the effectiveness of the work, and difficulties with emotions might actually be a criminogenic need (a risk factor for offending) for these young people, not currently being addressed. To identify whether emotional intelligence could be viewed as a risk or a protective factor for offending, a mixed-methods approach was used, involving questionnaires (quantitative) and semi-structured interviews (qualitative).
Essentials of psychological testing
Testing and measurement : a user-friendly guide
Rorschach form quality pocket guide
Prospective outcome study of aneurysmal subarachnoid hemorrhage : endovascular versus surgical therapy
Formative assessment : making it happen in the classroom
The use of structured frameworks in chemical risk assessment promotes transparent, harmonized approaches. This publication presents two IPCS frameworks originally published in Critical reviews in toxicology. The frameworks provide a means of ensuring a transparent evaluation of the data, identification of key data gaps and of information that would be of value in the further risk assessment of the chemical in question.--Publisher's description.
The relationship between cooper test and academic performance in National Defence University cadets
Good Education in an Age of Measurement : Ethics, Politics, Democracy
Psychoanalytic theory and the Rorschach
Method specific factors in personality tests
Cardiorespiratory capacity and strain of blue-collar workers in Thailand
Predictors of brain injury after experimental hypothermic circulatory arrest : an experimental study using a chronic porcine model
Fuel delivery test unit for dual-fuel injection valves
Guide to Assessment Scales in Schizophrenia
McGraw-Hill's GMAT : Graduate Management Admission Test
Issues and methods in Rorschach research
This volume offers a fresh and innovative approach to students and faculty in the fields of testing, measurement, psychometrics, research design, and related areas of study. Author Theresa J.B. Kline guides readers through the process of designing and evaluating a test, while ensuring that the test meets the highest professional standards.
Handbook of psychological assessment
Stimulus-response (S-R) tests provide a unique way to acquire information about human perception by capturing automatic responses to stimuli and attentional processes. This paper presents OpenSR, a user-centered S-R testing framework providing a graphical user interface that can be used by researchers to customize, administer, and manage one type of S-R test, the implicit association test. OpenSR provides an extensible open-source Web-based framework that is platform independent and can be implemented on most computers using any operating system. In addition, it provides capabilities for automatically generating and assigning participant identifications, assigning participants to different condition groups, tracking responses, and facilitating collecting and exporting of data. The Web technologies and languages used in creating the OpenSR framework are discussed, namely, HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, Twitter Bootstrap, Python, and Django. OpenSR is available for free download..
Optical based technologies for detection of dental caries
GMAT 800
Cognitive functioning in young adults with depression, anxiety disorders, or burnout symptoms : findings from a population-based sample
Modelling the rejection probability of a quality test consisting of multiple measurements
Expression of recombinant neutralizing anti-HIV-1 antibodies in bacteria and eukaryotic cells
Assessment of skin physiology is moving rapidly away from a purely descriptive approach as we gain a deeper understanding of biophysical and biochemical processes in the stratum corneum, such as those relating to its barrier function and hydration. As a result of research utilizing bioengineering methods, reliable and reproducible approaches are now available for product testing in the pharmaceutical and cosmetic industry as well as in basic research. This book examines in detail all aspects of cosmetic testing -- legal, general, and practical. After discussion of regulatory and ethical issues and guidelines, essential guidance is provided on the planning, performance, and evaluation of scientific studies in skin physiology. The topics addressed range from laboratory and staffing requirements through to testing devices and methods, factors influencing measurements, and study design. In addition, detailed information is provided on test settings for a range of cosmetic products. All of the authors are recognized experts in their field. This book will be invaluable to researchers, students, and medical staff in explaining how best to assess skin functions in controlled studies using non-invasive biophysical instruments.
Abstract.
Principles of Rorschach interpretation
New ergometric reference values for clinical exercise tests
Intelligence patterns and their relation to social background : a longitudinal study
Complete preparation for the SAT
Intelligent Testing : Integrating Psychological Theory and Clinical Practice
Instrumentation of a submillimetre wave hologram compact antenna test range
The Rarebit Fovea Test : a new measure of visual function
Dynamic leach testing of low-  and medium-pH injection grouts to be used in deep repositories : cementitious materials in deep geological repositories
Over the past decade criterion-referenced testing (CRT) has become an emerging issue in language assessment. Most language testing books have hitherto focused almost exclusively on norm-referenced testing, whereby test takers' scores are interpreted with reference to the performance of other test takers, and have ignored CRT, an approach that examines the level of knowledge of a specific domain of target behaviours. It is designed to comprehensively address the wide variety of CRT and decision-making needs that more and more language-teaching professionals must address in their daily work. Criterion-referenced Language Testing is the first volume to create a nexus between the theoretical constructs and practical applications of this new area of language testing.
The Rorschach : a comprehensive system. Vol. 2, Current research and advanced interpretation
Exercise testing : new concepts for the new century
The media now regularly feature breakthroughs on the influence of prenatal hormones on the brain and behavior, for instance the link to financial performance or risk management. Based on these findings and their own experiments, the authors present the Hormonal Quotient (HQ) as a scientific, holistic and reliable career management and personal development tool for professionals. Eight HQ profiles and their corresponding typical business skills and preferences are presented and enable the reader to benchmark their HQ with peers, design an ideal career plan, build a winning team in business and find the perfect work-life balance. A complimentary website allows readers to easily measure their HQ online. By the author of "The Right Sensory Mix", Berry-AMA Book Prize Finalist 2011.
A group of experts from the fields of cognition & methods summarise, review & evaluate research in their areas of expertise. Each chapter presents a particular domain of intelligence research, illustrating & highlighting important methodological considerations, theoretical claims, & pervasive problems in the area.
Standard testing of photovoltaic modules for use in renewable energy education
Assessment of learning
Skin sensitization in chemical risk assessment
Summary.
Fundamentals of exercise testing
Abstract. - Sammanfattning.
Verbal protocol analysis in language testing research : a handbook
Tests and measurements
The Rorschach : a comprehensive system. Vol. 1
Statistical models for test equating, scaling, and linking
Staub effect in children : studies of the blood sugar regulation by means of double and triple glucose tolerance tetst
Introduction to classical and modern test theory
Rorschach's test : scoring and interpretation
The use of psychological tests in industry
The development and psychometric characteristics of the revised Illinois test of psycholinguistic abilities
Physiognomy, facial expressions and abnormality : studies with photomaterial
Evaluation of new strategies to stimulate neutralizing antibodies against HIV-1
A review of studies using the Körperkoordinationstest für Kinder (KTK)
Optimisation of customer roll quality in winding
According to the Institute of Medicine (IOM) and U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA), 'developing new scientific approaches to detecting, understanding, predicting and preventing adverse events' was a critical path to the future of drug safety. This book brings together a collection of state-of-the-art chapters, written by experts in the drug safety field. It provides information on the present knowledge of drug side effects and their mitigation strategy during drug discovery, gives guidance for risk assessment and promotes evidence-based toxicology. Each specific area of toxicology relevant for drug discovery is discussed in detail, including theory, experimental approaches and data interpretation supported by comprehensive up-to-date references. Many chapters provide fascinating case studies, which are of general interest for those who have basic science training and are interested in how chemicals interact with the human body.
This book provides a wealth of assessment instruments from the world’s experts to help clinicians gather the most important information from their patients. This is the 3rd edition of our highly successful guides to Rating Scales in Schizophrenia, it is a practical and quick reference publication for psychiatrists.  .
The Rorschach : a comprehensive system. Volume 2, Interpretation
Spelling errors and interference errors in English made by Finns and Swedish-speaking Finns in the 9th form of comprehensive school
PET and MR imaging in Parkinson's disease patients with cognitive impairment : a study of dopaminergic dysfunction, amyloid deposition, cortical hypometabolism and brain atrophy
Rorschach's test. 1, Basic processes
Educational assessment of students
This publication presents the conclusions of an IPCS Workshop on Skin Sensitization in Chemical Risk Assessment. The workshop focused on the question of methods for dose-response assessment, to evaluate the relative ability of a chemical to induce sensitization in the skin, and hence inform risk assessment for humans. In addition this publication includes a series of short articles on this topic by leading experts in the field. The conclusions of the workshop cover such aspects as the nature and utility for risk assessment of the data produced by non-animal test methods (such as quantitative structure-activity relationships), in vitro testing approaches, animal test methods, and epidemiological studies. While traditional animal test methods used for identification and regulation of skin sensitizers have focused on determining whether or not a substance is a sensitizer, this report describes the use of tests for deriving more informative potency information.--Publisher's description.
Handbook of understanding and measuring intelligence
The Rorschach : a comprehensive system. Vol. 3, Assessment of children and adolescents
Research shows that formative assessment moves learning forward but the idea that assessment & teaching are reciprocal activities is still not situated in the practice of all educators. This book is designed to help educators understand the role of formative assessment & implement it as part of teaching & learning.
Rorschach responses in old age
Definition and diagnosis of diabetes mellitus and intermediate hyperglycaemia : report of a WHO/IDF consultation
Exposure to chromium and its long-term health effects in stainless steel production
This book offers the reader a fresh opportunity to re-learn and re-consider the implications of intelligence testing. The authors discuss the strengths and limitations of IQ testing relative to the factors which may contribute to biased results. They review the history of the adaptation and adoption of intelligence testing; evaluate the heredity-environment debate; and discuss the specific performance factors which apply to IQ testing of those in minority ethnic groups.
Validity in psychological measurement:an investigation of test norms
Hot ductility of austenitic and duplex stainless steels under hot rolling conditions
Inorganic chromium(III) compounds
Characterization and performance of electrorheological fluids based on pine oils
Environmental applications of manometric respirometric methods
Neural correlates of individual differences in personality and intelligence : studies using an isochronous timing task and voxel based morphometry
TAP : Test Analysis Package users guide
This title presents 28 certified standards for assessing evaluation practices in elementary and secondary classrooms. These standards are broken down into four essential attributes of sound evaluation, each providing definitions, guidelines, common errors, supportive documentation, and illustrative case studies.
Adverse events among older people associated with use of drugs with anticholinergic properties
Psychodiagnostics : a diagnostic test based on perception, including Rorchach's paper, The application of the form interpretation test (published posthumously by Emil Oberholzer)
Measurements for improvement of running capacity : physiological and biomechanical evaluations
Communication activities of daily living
Principles and practice of the Rorschach personality test
Fully updated since publication in 2007, How to succeed in Exams & Assessments will allow a student to assess and address their particular weaknesses in revising, preparing for and succeeding in academic exams and assessments and delivers detailed tips, techniques and strategies to enable them to significantly improve their abilities and performance in time to make a difference.
Transgenic animal mutagenicity assays
Principles of exercise testing and interpretation
Handbook of Gender and Sexuality in Psychological Assessment brings together two interrelated realms: psychological assessment with gender and sexuality. This handbook aids in expanding the psychological assessors' knowledge and skill when considering how gender and sexuality shapes the client's and the assessor's experiences. Throughout the six sections, gender and sexuality are discussed in their relation to different psychological methods of assessment; various psychological disorders; special considerations for children, adolescents, and older adults; important training and ethical considerations; as well as several in-depth case discussions.
The Turing test : the elusive standard of artificial intelligence
Achievement testing : recent advances
Intelligence testing and minority students : foundations, performance factors, and assessment issues
Molecular mechanisms of antidiabetic effects of estrogen
Predictors of cognitive decline in memory clinic patients
Schemas in Problem Solving explores a theory of schema development and studies the applicability of the theory as a unified basis for understanding learning, instruction and assessment. The theory's prescriptions for teaching are direct, and its application to assessment suggests new directions for tests. After examining the roots of the theory in earlier work by philosophers and psychologists, Marshall illustrates the main features of her theory with experimental evidence from students who are learning to recognize and solve arithmetic story problems. She describes individual performance with traditional empirical studies as well as computer simulation. The computer simulation reflects an approach in modelling cognition. Marshall's model links neural networks with symbolic systems to form a hybrid model that uses pattern matching of sets of features as well as logical step-by-step rules.
A handbook of clinical scoring systems for thematic apperceptive techniques
Diagnosis, treatment and outcome of treatment of normal pressure hydrocephalus : neurosurgical follow-up study of 5 years : Sakari Savolainen
The testing of intelligence has a long and controversial history. Claims that it is a pseudo-science or a weapon of ideological warfare have been commonplace and there is not even a consensus as to whether intelligence exists and, if it does, whether it can be measured. As a result the debate about it has centred on the nurture versus nature controversy and especially on alleged racial differences and the heritability of intelligence - all of which have major policy implications. This book aims to penetrate the mists of controversy, ideology and prejudice by providing a clear non-mathematical framework for the definition and measurement of intelligence derived from modern factor analysis. Building on this framework and drawing on everyday ideas the author address key controversies in a clear and accessible style and explores some of the claims made by well known writers in the field such as Stephen Jay Gould and Michael Howe.
A British-based textbook that gives clear orientation to the legal, social and medical circumstances of psychological assessment in a refreshingly student friendly style.
Interpretation of pulmonary function tests : a practical guide
Rye bread and glucose and insulin in healthy adults
'Assessment of Learning' takes a critical look at how students' achievements are assessed for a range of purposes, from reporting progress to selection and qualification. It considers the relationship between what is taught, and how, and what and how learning outcomes are assessed.
Assessing Writing
OpenSR: an open-source stimulus-response testing framework
Wisconsin card sorting test manual : revised and expanded
Non-invasive predictors of mortality after acute myocardial infarction
This guide provides a reference on how to set standards on tests in education, licensure, and certification. It is comprehensive in scope, practical in nature, and definitive in terms of cataloguing the essential conceptual and procedural fundamentals of setting performance standards.
Adolescent Rorschach responses : developmental trends from ten to sixteen years
Using statistics to make educational decisions
A contingency table approach to nonparametric testing
Comprehensive handbook of psychological assessment. Vol. 4, Industrial and organizational assessment
EDI-3 professional manual
This title is ideal for those on upper-division undergraduate courses and first-level graduate courses in early childhood education assessment. The book covers the various measures used in a range of assessment dimensions, and includes valuable information regarding young children with special needs and English language learners.
Detection of bacterial endotoxins with the limulus amebocyte lysate test : proceedings of an International Conference held in Woods Hole, Massachusetts, September 8-11, 1985
Score : the strategy of taking tests
This comprehensive guide enables teachers to understand a range of approaches to the assessment of children with dyslexic-type difficulties. Linking theory, research and practice, practitioners will gain critical knowledge of procedures to analyse, interpret and use in appropriate assessments which will facilitate setting targets for teaching. The book covers: - how to use both informal and formal assessment procedures - frameworks for evaluating published and teacher-made assessments - the professional development needs of any teacher involved in assessment Ideal for those training to be specialist teachers of learners with dyslexia, this text is equally useful to all teachers and SENCOS (Special Educational Needs Co-ordinators) and complements the authors' book Teaching Literacy to Learners with Dyslexia to provide comprehensive guidance for assessing and teaching learners with dyslexic-type difficulties. Sylvia Phillips is an experienced Special Educational Needs educator, and currently leads Glyndwr University's specialist course for teachers of learners with dyslexia.
Clinical validity of a new CERAD test of incidental memory
Strontium and strontium compounds
Improving assessment through student involvement : practical solutions for aiding learning in higher and further education
Nasal and bronchial testing as well as treatment of patients with airway hyperresponsiveness and inflammation focusing on the united airways concept
Key areas of assessment for learning covered in this volume include the practice of assessment for learning in the classroom, developing motivation for learning, professional learning and assessment for learning, and assessment and theories of learning.
Clinical exercise testing
The Rorschach : a comprehensive system
Writing is one of the central skills a student must master. Why should they be tested? How should they be tested? What tasks should be used? The answers to these questions are provided by this book, which examines the theory behind the practice of assessing a student's writing abilities.
The thematic apperception test : the theory and technique of interpretation
Outcome in psychiatric outpatient services : reliability, validity and outcome based on routine assessments with the GAF scale
Research on consolidation of clays
BEC higher : practice tests from the University of Cambridge Local Examinations Syndicate
