http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20405 Internet
Internet
The professional's guide to mining the internet : information gathering and research on the net
Communities in cyberspace
Planning and implementation of a web-based geographical information portal
This is my kingdom and these are my people : building a community through language
"This book educates readers on how to meet online advertising and Internet marketing challenges for both present and future tactics"--
Emerging Wireless Technologies and the Future Mobile Internet
The state of the cybernation : cultural, political and economic implications of the Internet
The internet unleashed : [everything you need to master the internet!]
NetVet : Mosby's veterinary guide to the Internet
When it comes to the way business is carried out online, the earth beneath our feet is shifting right now - and shifting quickly. The one-size-fits-all approach is fast becoming obsolete. More and more businesses are learning that the more they tailor-make the messages they put on their sites, as well as how they interact with every single user, the more satisfied customers get - and the more they earn.
Cyber-bullying : issues and solutions for the school, the classroom and the home
Society online : the Internet in context
Connected vehicles : can V2V communication and internet connectivity improve safety?
Security of Web communications
Customer behaviour in e-commerce in China : Case: Taobao
The death of the Internet
The essential guide to using the Web for research
Research on Korean internet culture within the context of cyber control
Semantic web for dummies
HTML, XHTML & CSS for dummies
The new marketing : transforming the corporate future
Discovering the Internet : brief concepts and techniques / Gary B. Shelly, H. Albert Napier, Ollie Rivers
Seminar on Internetworking, spring 2012 : recent developments in fixed and mobile Internet
You're never weird on the Internet (almost) : a memoir
The Internet has emerged as a popular medium for collecting data because of its ability to access millions of users, facilitate an array of research designs, & efficiently deliver & compile questionnaires. This volume offers advice on how to utilize the power of the Internet efficiently.
Official Microsoft® Internet Explorer 4 book
Conflict talk in online communities : a comparative study of the Something Awful and 4chan web-forums
Design, implementation and evaluation of the effectiveness of an Internet advertising campaign  : A case study of Garage Countdown
Can the Internet serve as a useful tool in learning English? : a case study
Conducting online surveys
Proximity based authentication in IoT
The effect of topic on word formation and the frequency of neologism use on Internet forums
Explaining organizational adoption of technology : the case of cloud platforms
Highly clickable web banner ads for customers of Advertising Media Finland OY
Reaching the Interactive Customer : Integrated Services for the Digital World
Gender differences in the patterns of Internet use among students : a case study of the University of Zambia
Internationalization strategy for a service company : Case company MMD Networks OY, Verkkomainos.com service
eFieldnotes : the makings of anthropology in the digital world
Truth, lies and the internet : a report into young people's digital fluency
Deeper : a two-year odyssey in cyberspace
Authorized authentication evaluation framework for constrained environments
The internet and the mass media
Online advertising and promotion : modern technologies for marketing
The grumpy guide to life : Observations from Grumpy at
Distributed learning and virtual librarianship
A Europe of Tales - with the support of the Culture 2000 Programme
iPod & iTunes : portable genius
The Circle
Ask : the counterintuitive online formula to discover exactly what your customers want to buy ... create a mass of raving fans ... and take any business to the next level
Using the Internet
Show your work! : 10 ways to share your creativity and get discovered
This is the first text of its kind to address issues in the rapidly expanding area of e-learning. It covers fundamental research questions about the entire e-learning area. Many illustrative quotations and examples make the complex philosophical concepts accessible and practically relevant.
3G marketing on the internet : third generation internet marketing strategies for online success
Lithuanian folklore heritage : from printed to digital folklore library
Virtual classroom in Django web development
IGU website - new domain, new server, new design
Marketing with E-mail : a spam-free guide to increasing sales, building loyalty, and increasing awareness
Metaphors for the Mobile Internet
Job searching with social media for dummies
Teach yourself the Internet in a week
This handbook provides comprehensive coverage of contemporary and developing Internet and online social research methods, spanning both quantitative and qualitative research applications.
The omnivores in the Internet : testing the idea of cultural omnivorousness on the Finnish Internet users
I hate the internet : a useful novel
Making social technologies work : leveraging the power and managing perils of social technologies in business
Wordpress
Introduction to mass communication : media literacy and culture
Embedded service bus for Internet of things interoperability
Working and studying on the Internet : proceedings of the Helsinki University of Technology Seminar on Internetworking, Spring 2001
Tricks of the Internet gurus
E-learning methodologies and computer applications in archaeology
The digital songstream : mastering the world of digital music
This book provides a preview of emerging wireless technologies and their architectural impact on the future mobile Internet. The reader will find an overview of architectural considerations for the mobile Internet, along with more detailed technical discussion of new protocol concepts currently being considered at the research stage. The first chapter starts with a discussion of anticipated mobile/wireless usage scenarios, leading to an identification of new protocol features for the future Internet. This is followed by several chapters that provide in-depth coverage of next-generation wireless standards, ad hoc and mesh network protocols, opportunistic delivery and delay tolerant networks, sensor network architectures and protocols, cognitive radio networks, vehicular networks, security and privacy, and experimental systems for future Internet research. Each of these contributed chapters includes a discussion of new networking requirements for the wireless scenario under consideration, architectural concepts and specific protocol designs, many still at research stage.
Creation of a framework for internet marketing strategies for Germany and Finland   : Case: Fashionlabel Meshcute
The music industry : music in the cloud
Web marketing for the music business
"This book presents innovative instructional approaches for archaeological e-learning based on networked technologies, providing researchers, scholars, and professionals a comprehensive global perspective on the resources, development, application, and implications of information communication technology in multimedia-based educational products and services in archaeology"--Provided by publisher.
This business of Internet law : tools for navigating the evolving business and legal landscape of today's Internet environment
Microsoft IIS 5 administration
iConnected : use AirPlay, iCloud, apps, and more to bring your Apple devices together
'Online Interviewing' is a short, accessible and highly practical introduction to designing and conducting online interviews in qualitative research. James and Busher focus on helping the reader to understand the methodological and epistemological challenges of carrying out online interviews in the virtual environment.
140 characters : a style guide for the short form
Gateway implementation between Internet and LonWorks using i.LON 1000
Programming .NET components : [building maintainable, extensible, and reusable .NET applications]
The SAGE handbook of e-learning research
Booklife : strategies and survival tips for the 21st-century writer
Postfeminist digital cultures : femininity, social media, and self-representation
Inbound marketing : attract, engage, and delight customers online
Global marketing : a decision-oriented approach
Commercialisation of the Internet
"This book makes a step toward an improved understanding of existing literature, prevalent practice and future trends related to community thinking, virtual practices and their intertwining with new technologies and social media"
"The small business marketing experts at Demandforce help owners kick off their online strategy. Small business owners are exceptional at delivering on their product or service. Many, however, don't know where to start when it comes to online marketing. The Small Business Online Marketing Handbook will show you how to effectively leverage email, social, online, and network marketing to get new customers and keep existing customers coming back. Author Annie Tsai shows you how to refocus just a small percentage of an offline marketing budget and create exponential return for your business.  Author Annie Tsai is a popular blogger and Chief Customer Officer for Demandforce, an automated Internet marketing and communication company specializing in small- to medium-sized businesses, recently acquired by Intuit  Features spot interviews and "do this now" advice from resident experts at Demandforce, including the founders  With the proliferation of social media and the consumer voice on the web, small business owners need to take a deliberate approach to leveraging this new marketing channel to effectively convert online conversations into offline sales. The Small Business Online Marketing Handbook shows you how"--
Nexus analysis : discourse and the emerging internet
Internet as a marketing environment : a look into changing marketing concepts in a computer mediated environment
Information doesn't want to be free : laws for the Internet age
Online panel research : a data quality perspective
Cyberliteracy : navigating the Internet with awareness
This guide is designed to support students, academics and practitioner researchers in using technology as part of their research.
International Marketing plan for Sorvi Team Oy Limited: A case study of Garage Countdown
The small business online marketing handbook : converting online conversations to offline sales
Searching skills toolkit : finding the evidence
Plug-n-play Internet
"A close look at cloud computing's transformational role in business  Covering cloud computing from what the business leader needs to know, this book describes how IT can nimbly ramp up revenue initiatives, positively impact business operations and costs, and how this allows business leaders to shed worry about technology so they can focus on their business. It also reveals the cloud's effect on corporate organization structures, the evolution of traditional IT in the global economy, potential benefits and risks of cloud models and most importantly, how the IT function is being rethought by companies today who are making room for the coming tidal wave that is cloud computing. Why IT and business thinking must change to capture the full potential of cloud computing. Topics including emerging cloud solutions, data security, service reliability, the new role of IT and new business organization structures.  Other titles by Hugos include: Business Agility: Sustainable Prosperity in a Relentlessly Competitive World and Essentials of Supply Chain Management, 2nd Edition.  Practical and timely, this book reveals why it's worth every company's time and effort to exploit cloud computing's potential for their business's survival and success."--.
Business-to-consumer Internet marketing in Russia
Learning theory and online technologies
Virtual ethnography
OLWS : an extranet application using Lotus Notes/Domino
Sense-making and argumentation-based knowledge : the lost on the moon experiment
"In recent years, building a corporate online presence has become nonnegotiable for businesses, as consumers expect to connect with them in as many ways as possible. There are benefits to companies that use online technology, but there are risks as well. Managing Online Risk presents the tools and resources needed to better understand the security and reputational risks of online and digital activity, and how to mitigate those risks to minimize potential losses. Managing Online Risk highlights security and risk management best practices that address concerns such as data collection and storage, liability, recruitment, employee communications, compliance violations, security of devices (in contexts like mobile, apps, and cloud computing), and more. Additionally, this book offers a companion website that was developed in parallel with the book and includes the latest updates and resources for topics covered in the book"--
Grumpy cat : a grumpy book
The Internet : an introductory guide for United Nations organizations
The better mousetrap : brand invention in a media democracy
Christine Hine rejects the postmodernist reading of the Internet as a site for playfulness and the end of authenticity. She argues that the Internet is both a site for cultural formations and a cultural artefact.
"This book's purpose is to inform educators and instructional designers of issues and cultural misunderstandings that could hinder the effective transfer of knowledge when e-learning is exported to other cultures. Addressing these cultural challenges will enhance the effectiveness of e-learning, thereby supporting the societal benefits of increased access to education at a global level"--Provided by publisher.
Internet marketing : strategy, implementation and practice
Language and the Internet
Reconstituting internet normativity : The role of state, private actors, global online community in the production of legal norms
Cyberbullying : what councelors need to know
Sams teach yourself internet and web basics all in one
Migration from IPv4 to IPv6
Poor Richard's Internet marketing and promotions : how to promote yourself, your business, your ideas online
The New ICT Ecosystem : Implications for Policy and Regulation
Internet starter kit for Windows
The MoveOn effect : the unexpected transformation of American political advocacy
Head first Java
Distributed denial-of-service attacks in the Internet
Spinning the web
Sport beyond television : the internet, digital media and the rise of networked media sport
"Learning Theory and Online Technology offers a powerful overview of the current state of e-learning, a foundation of its historical roots and growth, and a framework for distinguishing among the major approaches to e-learning. It effectively addresses pedagogy (how to design an effective online environment for learning), evaluation (how to know that students are learning), and history (how past research can guide successful online teaching and learning outcomes). An ideal textbook for Educational Technology Masters, PhD, and Certificate programs, readers will find Learning Theory and Online Technology provides a synthesis of the key advances in e-learning theory, the key frameworks of research, and clearly links theory and research to successful learning practice".
Internet access for development
Search engine optimization : your visual blueprint for effective internet marketing
A dictionary of the Internet
iPod & iTunes for dummies
How to make money with YouTube: earn cash, market yourself, reach your customers, and grow you business on the world's most popular video-sharing site
Social selling luxury : Increase sales by engaging in the digital world
A truly global look at IT deployment and useNo technology in our history has spread as fast as computers and their digital technologies. In How Societies Embrace Information Technology, leading IT authority James Cortada examines how this phenomenon is shaping contemporary society, focusing on the role of corporations and governments. By revealing what history teaches about the adoption of information technologies, Cortada prepares business and government leaders to spot new trends and successfully develop strategies for implementing and managing emerging technologies. Coverage includes:. Summaries of the new best practices based on sixty years of historical experience, all research-based. How technology spread so quickly and completely across the globe. A look at the decision-making process of managers in the private and public sectors. How governments leverage IT to improve their national economies. An examination of the "Information Age" and whether it actually exists. The most current developments in ITThis authoritative reference is ideal for government policymakers and for private-sector managers who routinely make decisions to acquire and use information technology. It is also aimed at academics concerned with the sociology, history, economics, and the effects of IT on contemporary society, as well as business schools and engineering and IT professionals serving in management roles or interested in the managerial/user history of IT.The author's royalties on sales of this book will be donated to the IEEE Computer Society's Educational Activities Board.
Borderless Internet governance : improvements to legitimacy
The Materiality of Learning : Technology and Knowledge in Educational Practice
Beginning Silverlight 2 : from novice to professional
How to Use the Internet : Join the Internet Revolution Today
How to get started in export
Tavern verses and hyper-novels : new phenomena in the Finnish literature
Children's learning in a digital world
Library 2020 : today's leading visionaries describe tomorrow's library
Smart selling on the phone and online : inside sales that gets results
Netporn : DIY web culture and sexual politics
Internet Of Things : RFID Temperature Smart Sensor
Socialnomics : how social media transforms the way we live and do business
Loving the ghost in the machine : aesthetics of interruption
Project managing e-learning : a handbook for successful design, delivery and management
Lifestyles and social change : essays in economic sociology
The whole Internet : the next generation
Zen and the art of the internet : a beginner's guide
Evaluation of Internet channels and their impacts on Irish mobile operators' business models
The Internet of us : knowing more and understanding less in the age of big data
Internet research skills : how to do your literature search and find research information online
Pro Tools all-in-one for dummies
Practical VoIP security
The Internet as a marketing medium : An introduction to Search Engine Optimization
Cybersecurity and cybercrime in the 21st century
Internet use and cross-cultural adaptation : a case of European residents in Finland
Creating an ICT-based marketing tool: a case of Lammasguru Ky
Riding the Internet highway
Information architecture for the Web and beyond
The Extreme Searcher's Internet Handbook : A Guide for the Serious Searcher
Virtual community practices and social interactive media : technology lifecycle and workflow analysis
The Alma database : an important new scholarly resource
"We only want tits and timestamps" : framing gender and sexuality on a popular American image board
'No good for shovelling snow and carrying firewood' : social representations of computers and the internet by elderly Finnish non-users
How to use the Internet : visually in full color
Internet communication and qualitative research : a handbook for researching online
This book outlines the background and overall vision for the Internet of Things (IoT) and M2M communications and services, including major standards. Key technologies are described: Everything from physical instrumentation devices to the cloud infrastructures used to collect data, derive information and map it to current processes, as well as system architectures and regulatory requirements. Real world service use case studies provide the hands-on knowledge needed to successfully develop and implement M2M and IoT technologies sustainably and profitably. Finally, the future vision for M2M technologies is described, including prospective changes in relevant standards. Key technologies and standards are explained: The M2M and IoT services space includes technologies from the perspective of several technology sectors, namely IT, Telecom and Urban PlanningWritten by Experts in the technology and business aspects of Machine-to-Machine communication, who have experience of implementing M2M systemsEnd to end view of economies of scale, including a look at problems and solutions in an end- to -end fashion providing both technical and business insights.
Inbound marketing : get found using Google, social media, and blogs
Serving as a comprehensive guide for anyone wishing to conduct online survey research, this text addresses the specific opportunities and challenges inherent in conducting surveys online.
Inside Internet security : what hackers don't want you to know..
"How can we use this new social media channel most effectively to drive more revenue, profit, brand and share at highest ROI and least risk?" --The concepts in this book can be applied to any social marketing channel and any combination of traditional and social media. --ROI of Social Media is truly global in nature presenting case studies from around the world including Dell (Europe), Comcast (North America), Guinness Anchor Berhad (Malaysia) and Microsoft Asia Pacific. With this range of case studies, the reader will be able to apply these concepts to their business whether they are based in New York, Shanghai, London or Sydney. --The book presents with an 8-step process to strategize, develop, implement and measure an effective social marketing strategy. -- Book Jacket.
Differentiated services architecture
Internet marketing of tourism
Computers have changed not just the way we work but the way we love. Falling in and out of love, flirting, cheating, even having sex online have all become part of the modern way of living and loving. Yet we know very little about these new types of relationship. How is an online affair where the two people involved may never see or meet each other different from an affair in the real world? Is online sex still cheating on your partner? Why do people tell complete strangers their most intimate secrets? What are the rules of engagement? Will online affairs change the monogamous nature of romantic relationships? These are just some of the questions Professor Aaron Ben Ze'ev, distinguished writer and academic, addresses in this book, a full-length study of love online. Accessible, shocking, entertaining, enlightening, this book will change the way you look at cyberspace and love forever.
Regulation, awareness, empowerment : young people and harmful media content in the digital age
Understanding digital marketing : marketing strategies for engaging the digital generation
Internet telephony
The invisible web : searching the hidden parts of the internet
Content computing : advanced workshop on content computing, AWCC 2004, ZhenJiang, JiangSu, China, November 15-17, 2004 : proceedings
Big data : a revolution that will transform how we live, work, and think
Designing web usability : [the practice of simplicity]
The Internet glossary and quick reference guide
Wärtsilä project purchasing and logistics configurator
IPv6 clearly explained
Building interactive entertainment and e-commerce content for Microsoft TV
Rethinking webcomics : webcomics as a screen based medium
Problogger: secrets for blogging your way to a six-figure income
Teach yourself the Internet : around the world in 21 days
Internet of Things : a gateway centric solution for providing IoT connectivity
This study reviews the impact of conducting research online through a discussion of issues in power, gender and identity. It gives a practical guide which covers basic Internet technology reviews current practice, and considers the various issues.
Globalized e-learning cultural challenges
Unleashing Web 2.0 : from concepts to creativity
Tiivistelmä: Business-to-consumer Internet marketing in Russia.
Evaluation and comparison of speech codecs for VoIP
The Asia-Pacific Internet handbook. Episode IV, Emerging powerhouses
A guide to conducting online research
Affiliate Marketing Plan : case: MSO.fi
Harnessing web 2.0 for business-to-business marketing : literature review and an empirical perspective from Finland
The SAGE handbook of online research methods
What can we say about cyberwar based on cybernetics?
Motivational drivers of behavioral online brand engagement in content consumption context : examining brand commitment and trust in online content as moderators
Septentrionalia : bridging the digital transition for medieval studies
Pro Tools puts professional recording and music production software in the hands of anyone with the appropriate hardware and the knowledge to use it. Musician and recording engineer Jeff Strong guides you through the latest version of this complex program, offering twice the content of the official guide at a lower price. Eight minibooks cover recording basics, getting started with Pro Tools, recording audio, editing audio, managing MIDI, mixing, mastering, and getting your music to the masses. •	The latest version of Pro Tools offers a whole range of new possibilities for the recording artist; this soup-to-nuts guide explains everything you need to know to take full advantage of it. •	Written by a professional musician and recording engineer who has authored two previous editions of this book as well as Home Recording For Musicians For Dummies and Drums For Dummies. •	Eight minibooks cover recording basics, getting started with Pro Tools, recording audio, editing audio, managing MIDI, mixing, mastering, and distributing your music. •	Explains how to configure your computer and attach hardware, proper microphone settings, steps for getting your music to sound the way you want, tips on putting your tracks together professionally, and much more.
How societies embrace information technology : lessons for management and the rest of us
Spreading the net for a wider web : Finland is close to the top of the world league in terms of Internet use ..
How to look it up online : get the information edge with your personal computer
Mastering Dart : master the art of programming high-performance applications with Dart
The top technologies every librarian needs to know
The new Internet navigator
How to design and post information on a corportate intranet
The network reshapes the library : Lorcan Dempsey on libraries, services and networks
Wordpress web design for dummies
Net Smart : how to thrive online
Online counselling and guidance skills : a resource for trainees and practitioners
Information and communication technologies in tourism 2014 : proceedings of the International Conference in Dublin, Ireland, January 21-24, 2014
From machine-to-machine to the internet of things : introduction to a new age of intelligence
In recent years, the internet has provided students and researchers with fantastic opportunities and a distinct set of challenges. Nigel Ford shows how these opportunities and challenges impact on student research projects and explains the skills needed to navigate the web and use it effectively.
Kinsey goes online : an exploratory study on the variation of online sexual activity
Abstract: The main objective of this project was to evaluate EMI Finland's web site systematically by using best practices of the industry and also, by comparing the site to the most central competitors' and their subsidiaries' web sites. The first half of this study consists of three parts. The first part introduces web design and the purpose of web sites. The second part is the main section dealing with theory covered in this project. This main section explains best practices used in web design. The third part summarizes the established best practices via a web design evaluation tool that is used to analyze the music industry web sites chosen for this project. The second half of this study is the practical part. In this section the evaluation tool is used to systematically evaluate ten music industry web sites including EMI Finland's web site. Each web site is first evaluated individually and then brought together in a large comparison matrix. Conclusions are made by analyzing this comparison matrix and the  individual evaluations. These conclusions are then used to make a proposition for EMI Music Finland on what should be developed on their web site. The key findings of this project were that EMI Finland web site is a little above average when compared to other web sites in the industry. Three major issues found on the EMI web site are poor social media integration, lack of quality management regarding content, and lack of captivating features. These issues are carefully considered in the practical part. Guidance on how to how to tackle these issues is given in the propositions section. This project was conducted with support provided by Thomas Rohweder from Metropolia, and Nora Norrlin, the marketing manager for EMI.
E-survey as a reliable alternative for scientific research : an emerging methodology
Online Marketing: A Study in E – Service Section : Case Study: Jobstreet.com
Embedded Internet : local inter-system connection for network security
This case was based on a PhD project carried out at Sao Paulo University, Brazil. The central idea was to identify the opinions of several stakeholders in clinical research about a hot topic in bioethics, namely, post-trial access to medication used in studies of pharmaceuticals. In order to include different groups as well as representatives from throughout Brazilian territory, we decided to perform the survey through the Internet. Despite limitations inherent to an Internet survey, this study shows that e-surveys can be a reliable and useful tool, compared with the classical ways of doing academic research (by phone, mail, or face-to-face interviews).
Blended learning in higher education : framework, principles, and guidelines
'Society Online' is not exclusively devoted to a particular technology, or specifically the Internet, but to a range of technologies and technological possibilities labelled 'new media'.
Proceedings of the Seminar on Internetworking 25.-26.4.2002 : residential and virtual home environments
The facebook guide for people over 50
Musicians and the Internet
VIRTUAL CLASSROOM IN DJANGO WEB DEVELOPMENT
Maria Bakardjieva investigates Internet use and its implications for society through insights into the daily experiences of ordinary users. She also examines how people interpret domesticate and creatively appropriate the Internet.
Through either direct exposure or media coverage of the online world, consumers have built certain expectations around interactivity. Activities like email, chat, and web browsing reinforce popular understanding how people use electronic devices to 'talk', 'find' and 'see' what's happening in the world around them. Reaching The Interactive Customer describes how these consumer expectations of interactivity impact and shape the new generations of 'connected' personal electronics. Reaching the Interactive Customer provides critical information for business professionals who want to understand a 'connected world', linking businesses, customers, and service providers. It describes how the audience for interactive services has evolved and what that audience is looking for in consumer devices. This book also appeals to anyone who works on or is interested in Web-based technology because it paints a clear picture of how interactivity is evolving from the Internet to the next generation of interactivity with phones and televisions.
Delegates at GN Comtext's European Shipping User Group debate telecommunications technology trends and developments
Digital marketing excellence : planning and optimizing your online marketing
Computer networking : a top-down approach
Online gambling is a psychological and sociological phenomenon that is becoming a focus of interest for an increasing number of researchers in the social sciences. At present, there are numerous different methods that can be used to collect data about online gambling. However, this case study briefly examines one of the new methods that have been used in the last few years by those in the gambling studies field (i.e. behavioural tracking) and briefly reviews the advantages, disadvantages and uses.
The Oxford handbook of Internet psychology
A qualitative analysis of the promotional function on corporate internet sites
Characterization and classification of internet backbone traffic
Web trap
DNS and BIND
Business in the cloud : what every business needs to know about cloud computing
Internet society : the Internet in everyday life
Hotel Online Marketing: The Bugibba Hotel, Radisson Blu Resort Malta, St. Julian's, Preluna Hotel & SPA
Digital Design Essentials : 100 Ways to Design Better Desktop, Web, and Mobile Interfaces
Simulating Technical ISP environment
Supply Chain Security Using RSA Algorithm
The Secure online business handbook : e-Commerce, IT functionality, & business continuity
Head first JavaScript
10 minute guide to the Internet
The ICT sector is crucial as a driver of economic and social growth. Not only is it an important industry in its own right, but it also provides the communication and infrastructure without which modern economies could not function. How does this sector work? Why is it stronger in some countries than in others? What should companies, governments and regulators be doing to enhance its contribution? In The New ICT Ecosystem, Martin Fransman answers these and other questions by developing the idea of the ICT sector as an evolving ecosystem. He shows that some components of the ICT ecosystem, particularly the innovation process, work better in some countries and regions than in others. For example, the Internet content and applications layer of the ecosystem tends to work better in the US than in Europe or Asia. The analysis in this book enables policy makers and regulators to understand why some parts of the ICT ecosystem are underperforming and what can be done to enhance their performance. The previous edition of The New ICT Ecosystem won the 2008–10 Joseph Schumpeter Prize.
Next-generation Internet : architectures and protocols
Cyber surfing is bad for your health
Social networking and impression management : self-presentation in the digital age
The internet in school
Internet banking services in China : customer service quality delivered over the Internet
Kids and branding in a digital world
This is social media : tweet, blog, link and post your way to business success
The practical handbook of internet computing
The Internet navigator
Delivering learning on the net : the why, what & how of online education
The open web is becoming central to student research practice, and this text describes search strategies and outlines the critical skills necessary to deal with diverse and disorganized materials. It covers all aspects of Internet research, with each chapter containing illustrations, inset boxes, and short exercises.
This book provides interdisciplinary perspectives utilizing a variety of research methods to uncover the fundamental components of computer-mediated communication (i.e., language, interpersonal relations/communication and information technology) which will be discussed in the following section.
Managing online risk : apps, mobile, and social media security
The library Internet trainer's toolkit
The Internet encyclopedia
E-Marketing in the Tourism Industry-Case TravelApp
LinkedIn for dummies
Hotel Online Marketing : the Bugibba Hotel, Preluna Hotel& SPA, Radisson Blu Resort Malta, St. Julian's
Big data in practice : how 45 successful companies used big data analytics to deliver extraordinary results
Evaluation of Web Design and Functionality: Web Marketing Research for EMI Finland
Facebook for dummies
Snort 2.0 intrusion detection
Internet simplified
Counsellors and other professionals who provide emotional support and guidance are increasingly working online. This practical book looks at how to adapt basic counselling skills to an online environment and how to set up and maintain a counselling session.
Using social media effectively in the classroom : blogs, wikis, Twitter, and more
Internet 2000 : the path to the total network
Journal of emerging technologies in web intelligence
Rule the web : how to do anything and everything on the Internet - better, faster, easier
The role of the internet in the service recovery process in luxury hotels
The user's view of the Internet
Synchronous scalarizing functions within the interactive NIMBUS method for multiobjective optimization
The field of educational research lacks a methodology for the study of learning that does not begin with humans, their aims, and their interests. The Materiality of Learning seeks to overcome this human-centered mentality by developing a novel spatial approach to the materiality of learning. Drawing on science and technology studies (STS), Estrid Sørensen compares an Internet-based 3D virtual environment project in a fourth-grade class with the class's work with traditional learning materials, including blackboards, textbooks, notebooks, pencils, and rulers. Taking into account pupils' and teachers' physical bodies, Professor Sørensen analyzes the multiple forms of technology, knowledge, and presence that are enacted with the materials. Featuring detailed ethnographic descriptions and useful end-of-chapter summaries, this book is an important reference for professionals and graduate or postgraduate students interested in a variety of fields, including educational studies, educational psychology, social anthropology, and STS.
ROI of social media : how to improve the return on your social marketing investment
Internet Quality in Southern Ghana for Businesses : Vendor: Viope Solutions Oy
The Internet for dummies
Interpersonal relations and social patterns in communication technologies : discourse norms, language structures and cultural variables
Video conferencing over IP : configure, secure, and troubleshoot
'The Internet and the Mass Media' explores the far-reaching implications of the Internet from economic, regulatory, strategic and organizational perspectives. This cross-disciplinary, international view is essential for an understanding of the many technological, economic, and social changes the Internet has brought to the way we live and work.
This article discusses the methodological issues that arose during the research process relating to my PhD dissertation in the aftermath of the 2008 Candlelight Protest, an anti-government protest against the Korean government's Free Trade Agreement with the US government in 2008.
Love Online : Emotions on the Internet
The Internet 1997 unleashed
In recent years, the Internet has come to dominate our lives. E-mail, instant messaging and chat are rapidly replacing conventional forms of correspondence, and the Web has become the first port of call for both information enquiry and leisure activity. How is this affecting language? There is a widespread view that as 'technospeak' comes to rule, standards will be lost. In this book, David Crystal argues the reverse: that the Internet has encouraged a dramatic expansion in the variety and creativity of language. Covering a range of Internet genres, including e-mail, chat, and the Web, this is a revealing account of how the Internet is radically changing the way we use language. This second edition has been thoroughly updated to account for more recent phenomena, with a brand new chapter on blogging and instant messaging. Engaging and accessible, it will continue to fascinate anyone who has ever used the Internet.
The use of behavioural tracking methodologies in the study of online gambling
