http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20458 actuarial science
actuarial science insurance science
Suomen tilastollinen vuosikirja = Statistisk årsbok för Finland = Statisical yearbook of Finland. 1991.
Socialism and science
"This book celebrates Professor Pauli Kettunen on his sixtieth birthday. In Pauli Kettunen's scholarship as well as in this collection, history meets social sciences in a manner that render distinctions between the two unnecessary. This book challenges simplistic views to history as 'a background' or 'development', opening up sophisticated perspectives to many up-to-date debates on, for instance, nationalism and globalization or the Nordic welfare models."--Takakansi.
Compensating catastrophe victims : a comparative law and economics approach
Dictionary of insurance law
Bayesian modelling of financial guarantee insurance - abridgement
Financial geography : a banker's view
Death benefit
Essays on tort, insurance, law and society in honour of till Bill W. Dufwa
Summary: Being ill on the labor market.
Introductory statistics with applications in general insurance
Effect of partial sick leave on work participation
"In Pricing the Priceless, Joseph Newhouse explains the different pricing systems and how they affect resource allocation and efficiency. All pricing arrangements, he explains, involve trade-offs. The advantages of more inclusive bases of payment, for example, may be offset by incentives for providers to select good risks or to stint on the delivery of services."--BOOK JACKET.
Essays on unemployment and real exchange rates
Risk, uncertainty and government
Risks and legal theory
Economics of insurance
Consumer economics : issues and behaviors
Multidimensional bioethics : a pluralistic approach study ethics of modern human biotechnology
Funding health care : options for Europe
The economics of health and health care
Suomen tilastollinen vuosikirja = Statistisk årsbok för Finland = Statistical yearbook of Finland. 1998 : 93. vuosikerta = årgång 93 = volume 93
Suomen tilastollinen vuosikirja = Statistisk årsbok för Finland = Statistical yearbook of Finland. 2000.
The economics of asymmetric information
Optimal investment for a pension insurer with solvency constraints in a one-period diffusion model
Swedish national reports to the 13. International Congress of Comparative Law, Montreal 1990
International encyclopedia of comparative law : under the auspices of the International Association of Legal Science. Volume 11, Chapter 14, Torts : Traffic accident compensation: law and proposals
Pricing the priceless : a health care conundrum
Incentives in social insurance
Health economics
The Geneva papers on risk and insurance : issues and practice
Handbook of solvency for actuaries and risk managers : theory and practice
Genetics and insurance
An application of stochastic control theory to insurance business
Essays on misplanning wealth and health : a behavioural approach
Statistics in finance
In search for the best alliance structure between banks and insurance companies
Multi-layered historicity of the present : approaches to social science history
The Economics of health and health care
A health economics primer
"Reduced work participation of working age population with health problems is a key societal concern in many Western countries, including Finland. Thus, activating people with partial work ability and keeping them in the workforce has been a common objective of many social and health policies. Scientific evaluation of the effectiveness of the policy measures has, however, been limited. This study examined the effectiveness and efficacy of partial sickness benefit and related partial sick leave on return to work, work retention and work participation in Finland when compared to regular full sick leave. Different study designs and methods were adopted to overcome the methodological challenges encountered in the study." -- (Back Cover)
Liability for and insurability of biomedical research with human subjects in a comparative perspective
The solvency II handbook : developing ERM frameworks in insurance and reinsurance companies
Modelling extremal events : for insurance and finance
International encyclopedia of comparative law. Vol. 9, chapter 7, Commercial transactions and institutions
