http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20501 stoneworks
stoneworks
Pavers 101 : patios and other projects you can do
Stone landscaping : ideas and techniques for stonework
Stonescaping : a guide to using stone in your garden
Census of India, 1961. Vol. 16, pt. 7-A, West Bengal & Sikkim. Handicrafts survey monograph, 3.
Mosaics : 20 stunning step-by-step projects for the home and garden, beautifully demonstrated in over 150 practical photographs
Celtic art in Pagan and Christian times
The complete book of outdoor d.i.y
Italian jeweled arts
Faceting history : cutting diamonds & colored stones
Ceramics, lithics and ornaments of Chaco Canyon : Analyses of artifacts from the Chaco Project 1971-1978. Volume 2, Lithics
Stone style : decorative ideas and projects for the home
Graven images : New England stonecarving and its symbols, 1650-1815
Step-by step outdoor stonework : over twenty easy-to-build projects for your patio and garden
The complete pebble mosaic handbook
Stone rising : the work of Dan Snow
The art of letter carving in stone
Walks, Walls & Patios : plan, design, build
Containing a catalogue of sculpture from the historic counties of Devon, Dorset, Somerset, and Wiltshire, this work provides a perspective on the artistic achievement of the late Saxon kingdom. It includes individual pieces of quality such as the Bradford-on-Avon and Winterbourne Steepleton angels and the figures from Congresbury.
Stonework for the garden : including 16 easy-to-build projects
Sticks and stones
Inspirational terracing : terrace design in structural landscaping
Building outdoor environments with retaining walls
Carved stones : Scottish executive policy and guidance
The educational worth of Zimbabwean stone sculpture
Direct stone sculpture : a guide to technique and creativity
The Art of painting animals on rocks
Building stone walls
Creative ideas for lawns, patios, decks & paths : practical advice on designing garden floors and surfaces, using grass, groundcover, stone, wood, brick, tile and gravel
Step by Step practical Guides : Paths, Steps & Pations for the Garden : Including 16 easy to build projects
Masonry : how to care for old and historic brick and stone
Baltic Stone Symposium 2013
The big book of outdoor Diy : over 75 step-by-step projects
Handmade in Italy
Easy garden mosaics
Studies on metalwork, ivories and stone
Stonescaping made simple : bring the beauty of stone into your yard
STONEWORK : 15 STEP-BY-STEP PROJECTS : QUICK AND EASY IDEAS TO ENHANCE YOUR GARDEN
The building stone heritage of Leeds
Stonescaping idea book
Flint flushwork : a medieval masonry art
Stone grinding & polishing : make your own gems
The Japanese art of stone appreciation : suiseki and its use with bonsai
Arts and crafts of India
The art of the stonemason
Stone architecture
Painting animals on stones
Corpus of Anglo-Saxon stone sculpture. Vol. 7, South-West England
Step-by-step outdoor brickwork : over twenty easy-to-build projects for your yard and garden
Driveways, paths and patios : a complete guide to design, management and construction
Painting on rocks for kids
Faux surfaces in polymer clay : 30 techniques & projects that imitate precious stones, metals, wood & more
Start to finish paths & walkways
Outdoor stonework : 16 easy-to-build projects for your yard and garden
Stone : an introduction
Über Schmuck und Stein : Zeitgenössische Schmuck- und Objektgestaltung im Fachbereich Edelstein- und Schmuckdesign der Fachhochschule in Idar-Oberstein = On Jewelry and Gems : contemporary jewelry and object design at the Department of Gem- and Jewelry-design of the Fachhochschule Idar-Oberstein
Patios and walkways
Walls : elements of garden and landscape architecture
Walls, walks & patios
Corpus of Anglo-Saxon stone sculpture. Vol. 8, Western Yorkshire
Stonework for the garden : Including 16 easy-to-build projects
Marble : art historical and scientific perspectives on ancient sculpture : papers delivered at a symposium organized by the Departments of Antiquities and Antiquities Conservation and held at the J. Paul Getty Museum April 28-30, 1988
The art & craft of stonework : dry-stacking, mortaring, paving, carving, gardenscaping
Paths and patios
The complete guide to masonry & stonework : updated with new products & techniques
Creative patios
Stonework & masonry projects : new projects in stone, brick & concrete
Making garden floors : stone, brick, tile, concrete, ornamental gravel, recycled materials, and more
Stone : a legacy and inspiration for art
Painting more animals on rocks
The Mining Museum
Mastercrafts : rediscover British craftsmanship
Flint knapping : a guide to making your own stone age tool kit
The Japanese art of stone appreciation : Suiseki and its use with bonsai
Pebble pets : 30 lovable companions crafted from pebbles and paper
Art and craft of stonescaping setting and stacking stone
Paths, steps & patios for the garden : including 16 easy-to-build projects
Garden edges & retaining walls
Ideas for great tile
Ceramics, lithics and ornaments of Chaco Canyon : Analyses of artifacts from the Chaco Project 1971-1978. Volume 3, Lithics and ornaments
Painting flowers on rocks
Corpus of Anglo-Saxon stone sculpture. Vol. 9, Cheshire and Lancashire
Painting on stones
Die Edelstein Gravierkunst = L'Art de la gravure sur pierres précieuses = The art of gemstone engraving
The art of Carl Faberge
This latest Corpus volume completes the cataloguing of the stone sculptures of Yorkshire, including pieces of the highest quality, and boosts our understanding of the artistic development of southern Northumbria in the Anglo-Saxon and Viking periods.
The art & craft of stonework : drystacking, mortaring, paving, carving, gardenscaping
Pations and walkways : do it now, do it fast, do it right
The complete guide to building with rocks & stone : stonework projects and techniques explained simply
Landscaping with stone
Ground level : Practical advice for garden surfaces using stone, brick, decking and planting
Paths, steps & patios for the garden : Including 16 easy-to-build-projects
Building with stone
Building natural stone garden features
Stone carving for the home & garden
1001 ideas for stone work : the ultimate sourcebook
Simple stonescaping : gardens, walls, paths & waterfalls
Weekend outdoor diy : 40 step-by-step projects for garden stonework, decking and ponds
This volume provides a full analytical catalogue of all known pre-Norman sculpture from this region. As little documentary evidence survives from the area, the sculpture is vital to understanding the early development of the Church, the shifting relationships between communities, and the ways in which political affiliations gave access to a variety of cultural centers across England, Ireland, mainland Europe and Scandinavia. Among the significant carvings are the crosses at Sandbach with their elaborate figural sculpture and the delicate carvings from Halton and Hornby in the Lune valley. Much of the work is of the 10th- and 11th-century Viking period, and shows an intriguing mixture of Scandinavian-derived motifs alongside Christian iconography. Introductory chapters set the material within its historical, topographical and art-historical context.
Painting houses, cottages and towns on rocks
Corpus of Anglo-Saxon stone sculpture. Vol. 6, Northern Yorkshire
The art of Pebble Mosaics : Creative designs and techniques for paths and pations
