http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20513 families with babies
families with babies
Good nights : the happy parents' guide to the family bed (and a peaceful night's sleep!)
Dearest memories : supporting early parenthood with new media
This well researched and referenced book provides detailed and comprehensive information for all those involved in caring for newborn infants. It addresses the key problems and issues in providing security and comfort for the sick and preterm baby in an environment where he can develop, grow and learn to communicate his needs. The text looks at the immediate as well as long-term goals for the baby and the family. Pain, Distress and the Newborn Baby is an essential text for all neonatal nurses, paediatric nurses, midwives and students specialising in care of the newborn. Everyone who participates in the care of the newborn baby in hospital, especially within the Neonatal Intensive Care Unit and Special Care Baby Unit will find this book of direct interest.
When the world was waiting for you
Chasing after the 'true self' : music therapy with high-risk infant families in child protection
Raising twins : the essential guide from pre-birth to young adult
It's not the stork : a book about girls, boys, babies, bodies, families, and friends
The diamond girls
Parental separation at birth and maternal depressed mood in pregnancy : associations with schizophrenia and criminality in the offspring
Too small for honey cake
Pain, distress, and newborn baby
The nest
Family interaction and infant's crying : prospective studies of families with colicky and non-colicky infants
Lupo and the secret of Windsor Castle
Maternal responsibility and changing relationality at the beginning of motherhood
The art and science of midwifery
The first three years & beyond : brain development and social policy
Nursing care of infants and children
The expectant dad's survival quide : everything you need to know
For some kids summer is a sun-soaked season of fun. But for Steve, it's just another season of worries. Worries about his sick newborn baby brother who is fighting to survive, worries about his parents who are struggling to cope, even worries about the wasp's nest looming ominously from the eaves. So when a mysterious wasp queen invades his dreams, offering to "fix" the baby, Steve thinks his prayers have been answered. All he has to do is say "Yes." But "yes" is a powerful word. It is also a dangerous one. And once it is uttered, can it be taken back?
There's a house inside my mummy
Parenting satisfaction and parenting self-efficacy during the postpartum period : evaluation of an internet-based intervention
Early childhood studies : an holistic introduction
Children of the 21st century : from birth to nine months
An infant with food allergy and eczema in the family : the mental and economic burden of caring
Sweet sleep : nighttime and naptime strategies for the breastfeeding family
Yoga for mother and baby : interactive poses for you and your baby (0-3 years old)
Mr Bear's new baby
Your baby in pictures : the new parents' guide to photographing your baby's first year
The primary triangle : a developmental systems view of mothers, fathers, and infants
Handbook of parenting. Vol. 1, Children and parenting
I love You, baby
Sophie and the new baby
When you're expecting twins, triplets, or quads : proven guidelines for a healthy multiple pregnancy
Room for the baby
Abstract.
The expectant father : facts, tips, and advice for dads-to-be
We're having a super baby
Certain girls
Health promotion throughout the life span
From birth to one : the year of opportunity
Designed for kids : a complete sourcebook of stylish products for the modern family
Pregnancy for men : the whole 9 months
The building opposite. Volume 1
Development of maternity clinic on the net service : views of pregnant families and professionals
Babar and the new baby
Parent hacks : 134 genius shortcuts for life with kids
The new baby
When baby lost bunny
The invisible cat meets mad Nana Dot
The family dynamics of childbearing and childrearing families, related family demands and support received form child health clinics ; Tuovi Hakulinen
Abstract: Oral healthcare of an expecting family and infant : guidance material for the department of dental hygiene in Nilsiä health centre.
Parenthood and mental health : a bridge between infant and adult psychiatry
Handbook of parenting. Volume 1, Children and parenting
"Sweet Sleep is the first and most complete book on nights and naps for breastfeeding families. It's mother-wisdom, reassurance, and a how-to guide for making sane and safe decisions on how and where your family sleeps, backed by the latest research. It's 4 A.M. You've nursed your baby five times throughout the night. You're beyond exhausted. But where can you breastfeed safely when you might fall asleep? You've heard that your bed is dangerous for babies. Or is it? Is there a way to reduce the risk? Does life really have to be this hard? No, it doesn't. Sweet Sleep is within reach. This invaluable resource will help you sleep better tonight in under ten minutes with the Quick Start guide--and sleep safer every night with the Safe Sleep Seven sort out the facts and fictions of bedsharing and SIDS learn about normal sleep at every age and stage, from newborn to new parent direct your baby toward longer sleep when he's ready tailor your approach to your baby's temperament uncover the hidden costs of sleep training and "cry it out" techniques navigate naps at home and daycare handle criticism from family, friends, and physicians enjoy stories and tips from mothers like you make the soundest sleep decisions for your family and your life"--
15 things not to do with a baby
Myles textbook for midwives
Picnic in Provence : a tale of love in France, with recipes
Family grief and recovery process when a baby dies : a qualitative study of family grief and healing processes after fetal or baby loss
It's twins! Now what? : tips, advice and real-life experience to help you from pregnancy through to your babies' first year
Lapsiperheiden elämänhallintavalmiudet : perheohjauksen arviointi = Life control potential of families with small children, evaluation of family counselling
Selected readings in family nursing from the finnish perspective
Baby showers  : original ideas for an unforgettable day
