http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20519 war correspondents
war correspondents
Burke + Norfolk : photographs from the war in Afganistan by John Burke and Simon Norfolk
The ways of the dead
Bittersweet : lessons from my mother's kitchen
Big boy rules : America's mercenaries fighting in Iraq
The devil's feather
Killing the messenger : journalists at risk in modern warfare
War-fix
The Paris wife
The first casualty : the war correspondent as hero and myth-maker from the Crimea to Kosovo
Echoes of violence : letters from a war reporter
More than sorrow : a mystery
The hunting party
Media at war : the Iraq crisis
Journalists under fire : the psychological hazards of covering war
Tides of war : world news reporting 1931-1945
War reporters under threat : the United States and media freedom
The postmistress
Reporting war : journalism in wartime
Message from Nam
The mammoth book of war correspondents
Man of wars : William Howard Russell of The Times
To Afghanistan and back : a graphic travelogue
Reporting conflict
Edgar Wallace : the biography of a phenomenon
Churchills Iceman :  the true story of Geoffrey Pyke : genius, fugnitive, spy
In Reporting Conflict, a correspondent turned lecturer draws on his personal experience of journalism in wartime. The author, James Rodgers, has reported on world-changing conflicts. The book combines reflection on this personal experience with an assessment of other accounts of journalism in wartime, and academic studies on the subject.
The quiet American
The navy at war
The punishment of virtue : inside Afghanistan after the Taliban
The punishment of virtue
The war in the Far East, 1904-1905
Journalists under fire : information war and journalistic practices
Whiskey tango foxtrot
The forever war : dispatches from the war on terror
Embed : with the world's armies in Afghanistan
Combat reporter : Don Whitehead's World War II diary and memoirs
We saw Spain die : foreign correspondents in the Spanish Civil War
Beyond the killing fields : war writings
A writer at war : Vasily Grossman with the red army 1941 - 1945
We are now beginning our descent
The letters of Martha Gellhorn
Selling war : the role of the mass media in hostile conflicts from World War I to the "war on terror"
All things must fight to live : stories of war and deliverance in Congo
War on words : who should protect journalists?
The kindness of strangers
The Zahir
The education of a correspondent
In The Weekly War, James Landers provides the first in-depth investigation of how the three major newsmagazines - Newsweek, Time, and U.S. News & World Report - covered the Vietnam War and the impact their coverage had on the American public, presidents, and policymakers. From March 1965 through January 1973 these magazines reached nearly one-third of adult Americans - second only to news programs on network television. Despite the popular impression that this was primarily a "television war," the newsmagazines played a prominent role in informing the public about warfare and war policy. Each magazine had its own niche and distinct editorial style : Newsweek provided a mainstream liberal perspective, while Time took a more conservative viewpoint and U.S. News & World Report had an ultraconservative outlook. The editors of each magazine aimed to reach like-minded readers, knowing full well that a reader who disliked one magazine could simply switch to another. Landers demonstrates how public-opinion shifts during the war forced the newsmagazines, especially Time, to change too. This book reflects a thorough examination of roughly nine hundred articles on the Vietnam War published by the three major newsmagazines. Landers also gathered documents from the Lyndon Baines Johnson Library and Richard M. Nixon Presidential Materials Project to reveal the attention paid to the newsmagazines by presidents and policymakers and their attempts to influence or manipulate coverage. In addition to making a major contribution to the history of print journalism, The Weekly War complements scholarship on television news coverage of the Vietnam War. This volume will appeal to students and teachers of history and journalism, as well as the general reader interested in a unique view of the Vietnam War.
Every man in this village is a liar : an education in war
Hemingway's second war : bearing witness to the Spanish Civil War
War stories : the culture of foreign correspondents
The age of Jihad : Islamic State and the great war for the Middle East
"Presented in ... diary form, this substantial volume draws together a careful selection of Cockburn's writings from the frontlines of the conflicts in Afghanistan, Iraq, Libya and Syria, interspersed with thoughtful analyses and contemporary, original reflection. What emerges is the fine grain and nuance of an unfolding tragedy in which, in contrast to the often facile proclamations of politicians and much of the media: "These are not black-and-white situations, good guys against bad, vile tyrant against a risen people like a scene out of Les Miserables. It is astonishing and depressing to see Western governments committing their countries to wars without recognizing this basic fact." The conflicts being fueled by such misunderstandings are today spilling over to cities in the West, provoking a backlash that learns little from recent history and is likely only to make things worse.--Publisher.
Churchill's South Africa : travels during the Anglo-Boer War
The Kamp Corps : the joy and agonies of covering the Winter War
A bio-bibliographic guide covering the lives and contributions of thirty-three journalists who endured physical discomfort and separation from their families and risked their lives to inform their fellow Americans and the rest of the world about the greatest and most destructive war in human history. Included are writers, photographers, broadcasters, and a cartoonist.
Rebels : my life behind enemy lines with warlords, fanatics and not-so-friendly fire
Hemingway & Gellhorn
American World War II correspondents
Dispatches
Reporting World War II. 1, American journalism 1938-1944
Gendering war and peace reporting : some insights - some missing links
Martha Gellhorn : a life
A hundred and one days
Chinese reportage : the aesthetics of historical experience
Breakfast with Mao : memoirs of a foreign correspondent
The first casualty : the war correspondent as hero and myth-maker from the Crimea to Iraq
The weekly war : newsmagazines and Vietnam
My nine lives in the Red Army
Writer at war : Vasily Grossman with the red army 1941-1945
The face of war
A writer at war : Vasily Grossman with the Red Army 1941-1945
War, journalism and the shaping of the twentieth century : the life and times of Henry W. Nevinson
The Paris wife : a novel
In love and war
The last Kestrel
The media and the war on terrorism
War and the media : reportage and propaganda, 1900-2003
Journalism at risk : threats, challenges and perspectives
International media coverage of the war in Iraq provoked public scrutiny as well debate amongst journalists themselves. Media at War offers a critical overview of the coverage in the context of other preceding wars, including the first Gulf War, and opens up the debate on the key questions that emerged during the crisis. For example, * What did we actually gain from 'live, on the spot' reporting? * Were journalists adequately trained and protected? * How compromised were the so-called 'embedded' journalists? * Tumber and Palmer's analysis covers both the pre-war and post war phase, as well as public reaction to these events, and as such provides an invaluable framework for understanding how the media and news organisations operated during the Iraq Crisis.
The dogs are eating them now : our war in Afghanistan
Historical dictionary of war journalism
