http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20546 gas pipes
gas pipes
Huma-projektet 2010 = The Huma project 2010 : Heritage underwater maritime archaeology Gotland
Hydrogen production by steam reforming of bio-alcohols:the use of conventional and membrane-assisted catalytic reactors
Synthesis and applications of macroscopic well-aligned multi-walled carbon nanotube films
Natural gas pipeline through the Baltic Sea : environmental impact assessment in the exclusive economic zone of Finland : summary : February 2009.
The International Maritime Organization IMO, adopted the Annex VI, Prevention of Air Pollution from Ships in October 2008. The changes for allowable emissions are based on MARPOL 73/78 Convention, and one of the SOx limits will come in to force at the beginning of year 2015. One of the possibilities to reduce sulfur emissions is an exhaust gas scrubber. In this thesis the possibilities to use plastic pipes in exhaust gas scrubbers was researched. The issue was an interest of Wärtsilä, whose intention is to make the installation and operation of scrubbers as easy, fast and economically effective as possible for ship owners. The major reason for seeking alternative pipe materials is the sensitivity for steel pipes to have problems due the corrosion. The installation time of the piping should be short in vessels which are already in operation, which is creating timetable pressures and therefore there is a need for find materials which can be installed as fast as possible. The ship as industrial environment differs from normal industrial factory in terms of the demands of rules and regulations. The regulations are originally based on international organization IMOŽs regulations, which are dispensed by classification societies. In this thesis suitable plastic pipe materials for sulfur scrubbers were researched. Special attention was given to finding out how the materials fulfill the regulations, and how the regulations are limiting the choice of pipes. During the thesis work several interesting facts were found, as well as suitable and not allowed materials. Information was available extensively, because several projects were ongoing with different shipyards and different ship owners. The goal of the thesis was reached, suitable plastic pipes and also many alternative materials were found in case that plastic pipe was not available for needed dimension and pipeline properties.The goal of the thesis was reached, suitable plastic pipes and also many alternative materials were found in case that plastic pipe was not available for needed dimension and pipeline properties. Long experience helped the thesis writing and finding information and suitable persons, but it made also some personally simple issues difficult to explain.
Financing forms of gas pipelines in the United States and in Finland
Electrical and thermal applications of carbon nanotube films
Gas and LNG sales and transportation agreements : principles and practice
Complexity analysis of natural gas pipelines
Muoviputket = Plastics pipes
Handbook of natural gas transmission and processing
Le pétrole et le gaz arctiques : problèmes et perspectives : le 5e Congrès international de la Fondation française d'études nordiques, Le Havre, 2-5 mai 1973 : rapports scientifiques = Arctic oil and gas : problems and possibilities. [2]
Nord Stream project as a political tool
Penetration to global industrial markets : case Finland Pacific Pipe Company Ltd, Oy
The political economy of pipelines : a century of comparative institutional development
Summary: Natural gas and Finland 1974-2004.
Energy security and transportation risks in the Baltic Sea region
Europe's triple by-pass : The prognosis for Nord Stream,  South Stream and Nabucco
Russia vs. the EU : the competition for influence in post-Soviet states
Feasibility report
Fiber Optics: Safety Measures on Oil & Gas Pipeline Monitoring in Lagos State Region
Energy "expressway" : west-east natural gas transmission
Oil and natural gas resources in the ESCAP region : geology, reserves, production, potential, distribution
The garden of betrayal
Gazprom : an energy giant and its challenges in Europe
Le pétrole et le gaz arctiques : problèmes et perspectives : le 5e Congrès international de la Fondation française d'études nordiques, Le Havre, 2-5 mai 1973 : rapports scientifiques = Arctic oil and gas : problems and possibilities. [1]
Secure energy for Europe : the Nord Stream Pipeline project 2005-2012
Export pipelines from the CIS region : geopolitics, securitization, and political decision-making
Plus ça change? : infrastructure & energy transit to Europe
Implementation of the North European Gas Pipeline Project : data inventory and further need for data for environmental impact assessment
The pricing of internationally traded gas
An introduction to gas discharges
Building services engineering
Building Services Engineering
Oil and gas pipeline fundamentals
Calculation formulas and description for dimensioning pre-insulated piping : Investigating the potential utilization of pre-insulated pipe calculation methods in LNG applications
Interconnecting Europe : new perspectives for trans-European energy networks
Standardisation of exhaust gas insulation boxes
The Baltic Sea gas pipeline : can we manage it sustainably?. Expert article 375.
Nord Stream : two of three sections completed
Ormen Lange : pipelines and shipwrecks
Plastic pipe use in hybrid scrubbers
Ventilation of annular space of double walled piping
Summary environmental impact assessment [of the] LPG Pipeline Project in India
Comparison and evaluation of exhaust gas backpressure calculation and measurement results
Energy and Environment in Slavic Eurasia : toward the establishment of the network of environmental studies in the Pan-Okhotsk region
The political economy of natural gas
Past and future heritage in the pipelines corridor : Azerbaijan, Georgia, Turkey
The EU-Russia gas connection : pipes, politics and problems
