http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20573 educational scientists
educational scientists
Early childhood education : history, philosophy and experience
"During John Dewey's lifetime (1859-1952), one public opinion poll after another revealed that he was esteemed to be one of the ten most important thinkers in American history. His body of thought, conventionally identified by the shorthand word "Pragmatism," has been the distinctive American philosophy of the last fifty years. His work on education is famous worldwide and is still influential today, anticipating as it did the ascendance in contemporary American pedagogy of multiculturalism and independent thinking. His University of Chicago Laboratory School (founded in 1896) thrives still and is a model for schools worldwide, especially in emerging democracies. But how was this lifetime of thought enmeshed in Dewey's emotional experience, in his joys and sorrows as son and brother, husband and father, and in his political activism and spirituality? Acclaimed biographer Jay Martin recaptures the unity of Dewey's life and work, tracing important themes through the philosopher's childhood years, family history, religious experience, and influential friendships." "Based on original sources, notably the vast collection of unpublished papers at the Center for Dewey Studies, this book tells the full story, for the first time, of the life and times of the eminent American philosopher, pragmatist, education reformer, and man of letters. In particular, The Education of John Dewey highlights the importance of the women in Dewey's life, especially his mother, wife, and daughters, but also others, including the reformer Jane Addams and the novelist Anzia Yezierska. A fitting tribute to a master thinker, Martin's tour de force portrait of a philosopher and social activist in full seamlessly reintegrates Dewey's thought into both his personal life and the broader historical themes of his time."--BOOK JACKET.
"Loris Malaguzzi (1920 - 1994) was the pioneer of the Reggio Emilia approach to teaching young children. An ever-increasing number of teachers and educationalists from all over the world now come to study the Reggio pre-school's unique methods, and this is largely due to Malaguzzi's devotion, work and commitment over 45 years, and the small group of teachers and educators he trained and with whom he developed his methods. The principles that underpin the Reggio Emilia approach are fundamental to the way in which Early Childhood Education is being shaped around the world today. The work of Loris Malaguzzi was rooted in a strong sociocultural framework, meaning it was a considered response to what was needed for particular communities and their needs. Sandra Smidt here considers the life of this remarkable man, and through a pedagogical perspective explores his approach on topics including: - Relationships; - Observation; - Creativity; - Questioning; - Justice; - Equality; - Politics. Accessible and informative, this introductory yet in-depth look at Malaguzzi's life and work will be of huge benefit to anyone working with young children in an educational capacity, including parents, and will be essential reading for students on early childhood education courses"--
Reading Paulo Freire : his life and work
Teaching Peter McLaren : paths of dissent
Torsten Husén : conversations in comparative education
Parallel paths to constructivism : Jean Piaget and Lev Vygotsky
Teaching for exchanges - aims and ways of teacher-training : encounters for training, training to encounter
Paulo Freire: pedagogue of liberation
"Psychological Theories of Learning in the Workplace is an advanced textbook that provides a fascinating overview of the most important psychological theories of learning and their practical application to organisational or workplace learning. It explains theories on: Adult learning, Workplace learning, Informal learning, Reflective practice, Experiential learning, Organisational and interorgani-sational expansive learning. Rigorously underpinned with contemporary psychological theories of learning, this book will be essential reading for all trainee and practicing educational psychologists, organisational psychologists, researchers and students in the field of Lifelong learning, Educational policy makers, students, researchers and teachers in Higher Education. A unique feature of this textbook is that each chapter combines a case study by a situated academic researcher and a co-author from business or industry together with a detailed overview of the psychological theory underpinning the learning process. The chapters have been written by key figures in education, psychology, and cognitive science and encompass a comprehensive range of conceptual perspectives on learning theory offering a wealth of new insights to support innovative research directions"-- Provided by publisher.
Early years education : major themes in education. Volume 1 : histories and traditions
Education, power and personal biography : dialogues with critical educators
Knowledge mobilization and educational research : politics, languages and responsibilities
Making sense of education : fifteen contemporary educational theorists in their own words
The Routledge international encyclopedia of education
Education and constructions of childhood : contemporary issues in education studies
Feminist engagements : reading, resisting, and revisioning male theorists in education and cultural studies
Essays on educational reformers
Introduction to theories of learning
Lawrence Kohlberg : an introduction
Nitobe Inazô : Japan's bridge across the Pacific
This collection of essays chronicles for the first time in any language the career and works of pre-World War II Japan's premier internationalist. A self-proclaimed "bridge across the Pacific," Nitobe used his superb command of English to interpret the Japanese people to the English-speaking world and to explain the West to his fellow Japanese. His success led to his appointment as Under Secretary of the League of Nations, before the Japanese invasion of Manchuria in 1931 led to his tragic downfall. Japan had forsaken his cosmopolitan vision, and not even his Quaker charm and eloquence could stand against the raw evidence of the Japanese army's aggression. At the time of his death in 1933, Nitobe was the best-known Japanese outside his country, yet he has been ignored for six decades, perhaps because his fellow citizens have been unable to face the sober realities of their complicity in their army's excesses. In this groundbreaking volume, historians from North America and Japan revisit the signal contributions of this remarkable man and provide thoughtful new insights into the origins of Japan's road to Pearl Harbor.
International scholars of the 21st century : comparative visions from teaching floors in Finland and Australia
The passionate mind of Maxine Greene: 'I am ... not yet
Historical foundations of education : bridges from the ancient world to the present
Jean-Jacques Rousseau : his thought and its relevance today
John Dewey and the philosopher's task
This book simultaneously provides multiple analyses of critical pedagogy in the twenty-first century while showcasing the scholarship of this new generation of critical scholar-educators. Needless to say, the writers herein represent just a small subset of a much larger movement for critical transformation and a more humane, less Eurocentric, less paternalistic, less homophobic, less patriarchical, less exploitative, and less violent world. This volume highlights the finding that rigorous critical pedagogical approaches to education, while still marginalized in many contexts, are being used in increasingly more classrooms for the benefit of student learning, contributing, however indirectly, to the larger struggle against the barbarism of industrial, neoliberal, militarized destructiveness. The challenge for critical pedagogy in the twenty-first century, from this point of view, includes contributing to the manifestation of a truly global critical pedagogy that is epistemologically democratic and against human suffering and capitalist exploitation. These rigorous, democratic, critical standards for measuring the value of our scholarship, including this volume of essays, should be the same that we use to critique and transform the larger society in which we live and work.
A history of international and comparative education : nineteenth-century documents
Twentieth century thinkers in adult & continuing education
The greatest educators ever
Outdoor learning : past and present
Musikaalisuuden ytimessä : juhlakirja Kai Karmalle = In the heart of musicality : essays in honour of Kai Karma
Portraits of influential Chinese educators
James S. Coleman
Maria Montessori : a critical introduction to key themes and debates
The French educator Célestin Freinet (1896-1966) : an inquiry into how his ideas shaped education
This book provides an authoritative, 'state of the art' introduction to the key disciplines of education studies. It provides useful study activities and concise introductory notes on key texts, key figures, key centres and key journals in each discipline. A valuable and highly readable addition to the education studies literature.
Teachers and mentors : profiles of distinguished twentieth-century professors of education
The new scholarship on Dewey
Jerome Bruner : the cognitive revolution in educational theory
Whitehead on education
Comenius : teacher of nations
Politics, policies and pedagogies in education : the selected works of Bob Lingard
Bringing the Froebel approach to your early years practice
"How can educational research have more impact? What processes of knowledge exchange are most effective for increasing the uses of research results? How can research-produced knowledge be better 'mobilized' among users such as practicing educators, policy makers, and the public communities? These sorts of questions are commanding urgent attention in global educational discourses and research policies. This attention has been translated into powerful material that shapes what is now considered to be worthwhile research. It directly affects how research is funded, recognized, and assessed. Yet precisely what activities constitute effective knowledge mobilization, or even what is meant by 'moving knowledge', remains unclear. Knowledge Mobilization explores - what politics are at play in determining knowledge 'impact' across radically different contexts? - who determines what counts as impact, and for what purposes? - how are 'results' of educational research separated from its participants and processes? - how are languages used in the construction of knowledge, the enactment of policy processes and the ways in which research unfold. This volume is unique in bringing together these wide-ranging issues of knowledge mobilization in education. The volume editors critically analyse these complex issues and also describe various efforts of knowledge mobilization and their effects. The contributors in Knowledge Mobilization speak from diverse occupational and theoretical locations. Leading scholars in Canada, the US, the UK, and Australia bring disciplinary perspectives from law, digital media studies, museum studies, journalism and policy-making as well as fields of education"--
Comenius : a critical re-assessment of his life and work
The education of John Dewey : a biography
John Amos Comenius 1592-1670 : selections : in commemoration of the third centenary of the publication of Opera didactica omnia 1657-1957
Loris Malaguzzi and the Reggio Emilia experience
John Dewey : his contribution to the American tradition
Jean Piaget and Neuchâtel : the learner and the scholar
Friedrich Froebel (1782-1852) was a German educator who introduced the concept of kindergarten. This book is a collection of fifteen essays, originally published in German in 1861, on the value of different stages of a child's play. Froebel found an educational value in every phase of the child's play, and in every object that engages its attention. Froebel finds all that the child does significant and of educational importance. In fact, he is the great pioneer and founder of child study as well as of the pedagogic theory of intellectual values. This book, originally published in 1908, was translated and annotated by Emilie Michaelis, Head Mistress of the Croydon Kindergarten and Preparatory School, and H. Keatley Moore, Examiner in Music to the Froebel Society, and Vice-Chairman of the Croydon Kindergarten Company.
Theories of Learning for the Workplace is an advanced textbook that provides a fascinating overview of the most important psychological theories of learning and their practical application to organisational or workplace learning. It explains theories on: Adult learning, Workplace learning, Informal learning, Reflective practice, Experiential learning, Organisational and interorganisational expansive learning. Rigorously underpinned with contemporary psychological theories of learning, this book will be essential reading for all trainee and practicing educational psychologists, organisational psychologists, researchers and students in the field of Lifelong learning, Educational policy makers, students, researchers and teachers in Higher Education. A unique feature of this textbook is that each chapter combines a case study by a situated academic researcher and a co-author from business or industry together with a detailed overview of the psychological theory underpinning the learning process. The chapters have been written by key figures in education, psychology, and cognitive science and encompass a comprehensive range of conceptual perspectives on learning theory offering a wealth of new insights to support innovative research directions.
Introducing Malaguzzi : exploring the life and work of Reggio Emilia's founding father
J.A. Comenius and the concept of universal education
Pestalozzi and the educationalization of the world
Autobiography of Friedrich Froebel
Johan Amos Comenius 1582-1670
Educational psychology : a century of contributions
Theories of learning for the workplace : building blocks for training and professional development programmes
English abstract: Academic career paths : the early career phases of generalists in the fields of humanities, social science and education in the 1980's and 1990's
"Professional learning, lifelong learning, adult learning, learning in different contexts and workplace learning have become of more and more interest and now dominate all aspects of 21st century school life. Learning is no longer stock and recall but development and flow. Psychological Theories of Learning in the Workplace offers fascinating overviews into some of the most important psychological theories of learning and how they are practically applied to organisational or workplace learning. With each chapter co-authored by an academic researcher and an expert in business or industry, this unique book provides both practical case studies combined with thorough analysis of various theories and models of learning. Key figures in education, psychology and cognitive science present a comprehensive range of conceptual perspectives on learning theory, offering a wealth of new insights to support innovative research directions. Containing overviews of theories from Schön, Argyris, Senge, Engestrøm, Ericsson, Kolb, Boud and Mezirow, this book discusses: - Adult learning; - Workplace learning; - Informal learning; - Reflective practice; - Experiential learning; - Organisational and inter-organisational expansive learning. Combining theory and practice, this book will be essential reading for all trainee and practicing educational psychologists, organisational psychologists, researchers and students in the field of Lifelong learning, Educational policy makers, students, researchers and teachers in Higher Education"-- Provided by publisher.
Dorevolûcionnaâ Kazan' : missionerskoe prosveŝenie i issledovanie narodov Povolž'â = Prerevolutionary Kazan : missionary education and study of the Volga native peoples
Parentonomics : an economist dad looks at parenting
Peter McLaren, education and the struggle for liberation
Doing inclusive education research
Biographical dictionary of North American and European educationists
Johan Amos Comenius 1592-1670
Troubling women : feminism, leadership and educational change
Studying education : an introduction to the key disciplines in education studies
Pestalozzi : his life and work
Critical pedagogy in the twenty-first century : a new generation of scholars
