http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20505 military police
military police
German military police units 1939-45
Never go back
HIV/AIDS and the security sector in Africa
The affair
The sheriff of Babylon. Volume 1, Bang, Bang, Bang
In the valley of Elah
Bill, the galactic hero on the planet of zombie vampires
German military reform and European security
Soldiers, spies, and statesmen : Egypt's road to revolt
The telex is brief and to the point: One active-duty personnel found shot to death ten miles north of Fort Smith. Circumstances unknown. Found in a silver Porsche along an isolated forest road in Georgia, the victim was shot twice in the chest and once in the head. A professional hit. Clean. The crime scene suggests an ambush. Military police officer Jack Reacher is given the case. He calls his older brother, Colonel Joe Reacher, at the Pentagon for intel and taps Sergeant Frances Neagley to help him answer the big question: Who would kill a brilliant officer on the fast-track to greatness? For Jack Reacher, the answer hits home
61 hours
What roles and missions for Europe's military and security forces in the 21st century?
The visitor
Worth dying for
Death in a strange country
Strategic management of military capabilities : seeking ways to foster military innovation
The law of military operations : liber amicorum professor Jack Grunawalt
The house at Sea's End
Managing trauma in the workplace : supporting workers and organisations
Small wars : a Jack Reacher story
Port mortuary
Never go back : a Jack Reacher novel
The enemy
61 Hours
Bad luck and trouble
Saving fish from drowning
The SS : a new history
Beyond ”gender and stir” : reflections on gender and SSR in the aftermath of African conflict
The special field force and Namibian ex-combatant 'reintegration'
One shot
Sergeant Amy Callan and Lieutenant Caroline Cook have a lot in common. They're both army career women, they're both victims of sexual harrassment by their superiors, they're both forced to resign from the service. And now they're both dead. Only Jack Reacher can discover their killer.
In a dry season : an inspector Banks mystery
From Congo to Kosovo : civilian police in peace operations
Soviet uniforms & militaria 1917-1991 in colour photographs : Ministry of Defence of the USSR: Red Army, navy, naval infantry, air force & paratroopers
