http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20549 bible translations
bible translations
The early Judaeo-Persian Tafsīrs of Ezekiel : text, translation, commentary. Vol. 2, Translation
Begat : the King James Bible and the English Language
The paraphrase of Shem (NH VII, 1) : introduction, translation, and commentary
The Psalter or Psalms of David and certain canticles
Notes on the Greek text of Exodus
The earliest advocates of the English Bible : the texts of the medieval debate
Sôfer Mahir : essays in honour of Adrian Schenker offered by editors of Biblia Hebraica Quinta
Rough road to dynamism : Bible translating in northern Namibia, 1954-1987: Kwanyama, Kwangali and Ndonga
The Christian Palestinian Aramaic Old Testament and Apocrypha version from the early period
The NIV interlinear Hebrew-English Old Testament
Lexical changes in Finnish translations of the Bible
Print and the Bible
The exegetical method of the Greek translator of the book of Job
Notes on the Greek text of Deuteronomy
The book of books : the radical impact of the King James Bible, 1611-2011
What if meaning were the last thing that mattered in language? In this essay, Henri Meschonnic explains what it means to translate the sense of language and how to do it. In a radical stand against a hermeneutical approach based on the dualistic view of the linguistic sign and against its separation into a meaningful signified and a meaningless signifier, Henri Meschonnic argues for a poetics of translating. Because texts generate meaning through their power of expression, to translate ethically involves listening to the various rhythms that characterize them: prosodic, consonantal or vocalic patterns, syntactical structures, sentence length and punctuation, among other discursive means. However, as the book illustrates, such an endeavour goes against the grain and, more precisely, against a 2500-year-old tradition in the case of biblical translation. The inability of translators to give ear to rhythm in language results from a culturally transmitted deafness. Henri Meschonnic decries the generalized unwillingness to remedy this cultural condition and discusses the political implications for the subject of discourse.
X Congress of the International Organization for Septuagint and Cognate Studies, Oslo, 1998
Tyndale's Old Testament : being the Pentateuch of 1530, Joshua to 2 chronicles of 1537, and Jonah
Estonian converbs : with special emphasis on early 18th-century literary languages
The Dead Sea scrolls Bible
The King James Bible : a short history from Tyndale to today
Notes on the Greek text of Numbers
Notes on the Greek text of Leviticus
The Septuagint
The Bible as book : the Reformation
Footnotes in Bible translation : footnotes in two contemporary New Testament translations - The New International Version and the Finnish Kirkkoraamattu from 1992
The Greek New Testament : Edited from Ancient Authorities, with their Various Readings in Full, and the Latin Version of Jerome. Volume 5-7, Hebrews to Philemon, Prolegomena and Revelation
The Finnish Bible and the dynamic principle
2011 marks the 400th anniversary of the King James version of the Bible. No other book has been as vital to the development of English writing or indeed to the English language itself. This major collection of essays is the most complete one-volume exploration of the King James Bible and its influence to date. The chapters are written by leading scholars from a range of disciplines, who examine the creation of the King James Bible as a work of translation and as a linguistic and literary accomplishment. They consider how it differed from the Bible versions which preceded it, and assess its broad cultural impact and precise literary influence over the centuries of writing which followed, in English and American literature, until today. The story will fascinate readers who approach the King James Bible from the perspectives of literary, linguistic, religious or cultural history.
Traductor scriptor : the old Greek translation of Exodus 1-14 as scribal activity
William Carey : cobbler to missionary
The Bible as cultural heritage
Manifold greatness : the making of the King James Bible
The renderings of the Hebrew formulas wyhy, wyhyh, w'th, and whnh and their subsequent apodoses in the I Book of Kings of the King James Bible (1611)
"The most important book in English religion and culture, the King James Bible, began to be created at some unknown moment nearer three than two thousand years before 1604, the year in which James I, once king of Scotland, now also king of England, assembled the religious leaders of the land at Hampton Court and, seemingly by chance, ordered the making of a new translation of the Bible. That unknown original moment of creation came when the descendants of Abraham moved beyond telling to writing down their beliefs and the stories of their heritage. It was a crucial moment in civilisation. The ancient Hebrews began to be the people of the written word. Their writings became the collection of books we know as the Old Testament. It enshrined their knowledge of themselves and of their relationship to their God. Without it they might not have survived as a people, and without it the Christian world -- perhaps also the Islamic world -- would have been something unimaginably different from what it is. The word of God was all in all to the religious Jews. In the beginning God talked with Adam and Eve as a lord to his tenants, person to person, then to Moses 'face to face, as a man speaketh unto his friend' (Exod. 33:11). The intimacy might have declined and, by the timeofthe young Samuel, the wordofthe Lord had become 'precious' (1 Sam. 3:1), that is, both rare and valuable. God still spoke through his prophets, and they could say, 'thus saith the Lord'. But for ordinary people he spoke most surely in the words of the book. These words came to be guarded as the greatest treasure, for God and the word were the same thing: 'the Word was God' (John 1:1)"
The King James Bible after 400 years : literary, linguistic, and cultural influences
Parataxis in the Septuagint : a study of the renderings of the Hebrew coordinate clauses in the Greek Pentateuch
The Holy Bible : a translation from the Latin Vulgate in the light of the Hebrew and Greek originals
A Survey of modern Bible translation work and its linguistic effects
Bible : the story of the King James Version, 1611-2011
The Septuagint of Zechariah : a study of LXX-Zechariah as translation and interpretation
The 'Textual history of the bible' (THB) is envisioned as the first comprehensive collection of information on the texts of the Hebrew Bible. This reference work will be published in print in four volumes, comprising numerous entries written by recognized specialists. The topics of these entries will include but are not limited to textual history, textual character, translation techniques, importance of each textual witness of the Hebrew Bible, deuterocanonical writings for each biblical book, history of research, editorial histories of the Hebrew Bible, papyrology, codicology, and linguistics, etc. In addition, overview articles discussing the textual history of each biblical book from its beginning until its Arab and Slavonic translations will be included. Each volume further provides a collective bibliography and a glossary. Volume 1 covers the books of the Hebrew canon. The volume opens with a series of overview articles on the history of the Jewish and Christian canons, on the ancient Hebrew and Aramaic texts. These entries are followed by articles on the different primary translations (Greek, Aramaic, Syriac, Latin) and uniquely the secondary translations as well (Latin, Coptic, Ethiopic, Syriac, Armenian, Georgian, Christian Palestinian Aramaic, Old Slavonic, and Arabic) most of which were sourced from the Greek. THB 1 concludes with a series of articles on the biblical text as it is attested in the Apocrypha and Pseudepigrapha, in Josephus, Philo, the New Testament, Rabbinic Literature, the Greek Church Fathers, the Latin Church Fathers, the Syriac Church Fathers, and the Coptic Church Fathers.
Principles of Chinese Bible translation as expressed in five selected versions of the New Testament and exemplified by Mt 5:1-12 and Col 1
A textual commentary on the Greek New Testament : a companion volume to the United Bible Societies' Greek New Testament
A new English translation of the Septuagint : and the other Greek translations traditionally included under that title
Luther translator of Paul : studies in Romans and Galatians
Andreas Norrelius' Latin translation of Johan Kemper's Hebrew commentary on Matthew
The Bible in Arab Christianity
When God spoke Greek : the Septuagint and the making of the Christian Bible
The Old English Heptateuch ; and Ælfric's Libellus de Veteri Testamento et Novo
BibleWorks is an electronic Bible concordance and morphological analysis program. It includes texts of the Hebrew O.T., Greek O.T. and N.T. and a wide range of English and modern foreign language texts. It also has Bible dictionaries and other aids.
On the trail of the Septuagint translators : collected essays
King Henry's Bible : MS Bodley 277 : the revised version of the Wyclif Bible. Vol. 1, Genesis-Ruth
Translating the Bible : from the 7th to the 17th century
Melbourne Symposium on Septuagint lexicography
Septuagint research : issues and challenges in the study of the Greek Jewish scriptures
Translating Resurrection : the debate between William Tyndale and George Joye in its historical and theological context
Text-critical and hermeneutical studies in the Septuagint
The Dead Sea scrolls Bible : the oldest known Bible
Characterizing criteria for the characterization of the Septuagint translators : experimenting on the Greek Psalter
In the footsteps of Sherlock Holmes : studies in the Biblical text in honour of Anneli Aejmelaeus
The Old Testament in Syriac : according to the Peshitta version. Part 4, fascicle 6, Canticles or odes, Prayer of Manasseh, Apocryphal psalms, Psalms of Solomon, Tobit, 1(3) Esdras
Illustrated with reproductions from early editions of the King James Bible, Bible: The Story of the King James Version offers an authoritative history of this renowned translation, ranging from the Bible's inception to the present day.
A syntax of septuagint Greek
9. Congress of the International Organization for Septuagint and Cognate Studies, Cambridge 1995
Ethics and politics of translating
Text history of the Greek Exodus
Notes on the Greek text of Genesis
Jeremiah : a translation and commentary on Jeremiah in Codex Vaticanus
This is the first ever comprehensive analysis of the morphosyntax and syntax of Septuagint Greek. The work is based on the most up-to-date editions of the Septuagint. The so-called Antiochene version of Samuel, Kings, and Chronicles as well as Judges has been studied. Though this is a synchronic grammar, and though not systematic, comparison with Classical Greek, the Greek of contemporary literature of the Hellenistic-Roman period, papyri and epigraphical data, and New Testament Greek has often been undertaken. Even when analysing translated documents of the Septuagint, the perspective is basically that of its readers. However, attempts were made to determine in what ways and to what extent the structure of the Semitic source languages may have influenced the selection of this or that particular construction by translators. At many places it is demonstrated and illustrated how an analysis of the morphosyntax and syntax can illuminate our general interpretation of the Septuagint text. Greek language, Biblical -- Syntax.
Lay Bibles in Europe 1450-1800
William Tyndale (1494-1536) was the first person to translate the Bible into English from its original Greek and Hebrew and the first to print the Bible in English, which he did in exile. Giving the laity access to the word of God outraged the clerical establishment in England: he was condemned, hunted, and eventually murdered. However, his masterly translation formed the basis of all English Bibles including the "King James Bible", many of whose finest passages were taken unchanged, though unacknowledged, from Tyndale's work. This book, published in the quincentenary year of his birth, sets the story of his life in the intellectual and literary contexts of his immense achievement and explores his influence on the theology, literature, and humanism of Renaissance and Reformation Europe. David Daniell, editor of "Tyndale's New Testament" and "Tyndale's Old Testament", describes the dramatic turns in Tyndale's life. Born in England and educated at Oxford, Tyndale was ordained as a priest. When he decided to translate the Bible into English, he realized that it was impossible to do that work in England and moved to Germany, living in exile there and in the Low Countries while he translated and printed first the New Testament and then half of the Old Testament. These were widely circulated and denounced in England. Yet Tyndale continued to write from abroad, publishing polemics in defence of the principles of the English Reformation. He was seized in Antwerp, imprisoned in Vilvoorde Castle near Brussels, and burnt at the stake for heresy in 1536. Daniell discusses Tyndale's achievement as biblical translator and expositor, analyses his writing, examines his stylistic influence on writers from Shakespeare to those of the 20th century, and explores the reasons why he has not been more highly regarded.
The interlinear literal translation of the Greek New Testament with the authorized version ... to which has been added a new Greek-English New testament lexicon
Faithful renderings : Jewish-Christian difference and the politics of translation
Efforts aiming at language reform in the new Mordvin Bible translations
The book contains a preface by the Three (editors) and has five sections—all befitting the recipient of this Festschrift with her interest in Septuagint and Textual Criticism. The first part of the book, entitled The Septuagint. Origins and Translations contains articles on what a translator is and does (such as the contribution from Benjamin G. Wright and Joachim Schaper) or how LXXGenesis functions as the first translation of Scripture (Emanuel Tov) and contains numerous articles on idioms and accuracy (John A.L. Lee), on lexical variation (Arie van der Kooij) and on renderings of nouns (Bénédicte Lemmelijn), verbs (Anssi Voitila), tenses (Raimund Wirth), semi-prepositions (Raija Sollamo), particles (Michael N. van der Meer) or lexical expressions and themes such as the “end of times” (Staffan Olofsson) or 'labouring women (Takamitsu Muraoka), etc. In the second part, entitled The Septuagint and the Versions. Textual Criticism and Text History, the books that are focused on are Samuel and Kings (with contributions by Jan Joosten, Philippe Hugo, Zipora Talshir, Siegfried Kreuzer, Andrés Piquer Otero, Pablo Torijano Morales, Juha Pakkala, Christian Seppänen) and Joshua (with contributions by Seppo Sipilä and Julio Trebolle Barrera). Then, there are also studies on textual issues and text history of Isaiah (Anna Kharanauli), Ezechiel (Johan Lust), Job (Claude Cox), Ecclesiastes (Peter J. Gentry) and Minor Prophets (Hans Ausloos). The third part of this volume is entitled The Septuagint in New Testament and Christian Use and contains two contributions on textual links between LXX and the New Testament (contributions by Tuukka Kauhanen and Georg A. Walser) and patristic texts (contributions by Reinhart Ceulemans and Katrin Hauspie,). A fourth part of the volume is devoted to The Septuagint in Jewish Tradition (with contributions on how the Tabernacle Account was received in Hellenistic Judaism by Alison Salvesen and 'Seeking “the Septuagint” in a Scroll Dependent World by Robert A. Kraft). The final part of the volume is dedicated to The Hebrew Bible and the Dead Sea Scrolls. It opens with an attempt by Martti Nissinen to answer the question: 'Since when do Prophets Write?' Then, there is the contribution by George J. Brooke who offers a variant on the issue of variant editions, albeit from the perspective of the scrolls. Eugene Ulrich explores the fine balance between intentional variants and isolated insertions in 4QSama and the MT. Sarianna Metso offers an article on the Leviticus traditions at Qumran and Jutta Jokiranta offers a reflection on 'the stranger' in the Hebrew Bible and the Dead Sea. The contribution by Hanne von Weissenberg forms a nice inclusion with the opening contribution by Benjamin G. Wright as it too focuses on Authority.
XII Congress of the International Organization for Septuagint and Cognate Studies, Leiden, 2004
Papers from the eighteenth Finnish Conference of Linguistics
8. Congress of the International Organization for Septuagint and Cognate Studies, Paris 1992
The names of the diseases in Northern Sami Bible translations
The Old English version of the Heptateuch : Aelfric's Treatise on the Old and New Testament, and his preface to Genesis
The Karaite tradition of Arabic Bible translation : a linguistic and exegetical study of Karaite translation of the Pentateuch from the tenth and eleventh centuries CE
The Jerusalem Bible
7. Congress of the International Organization for Septuagint and Cognate Studies, Leuven 1989
Jewish reception of Greek Bible versions : studies in their use in late Antiquity and the Middle Ages
Mikael Agricola's Gospel according to St Mark : (P[yhen] Marcusen Evangelium)
BibleWorks 8 : software for biblical exegesis & research
The Dead Sea scrolls and the origins of the Bible
God's last words : reading the English Bible from the Reformation to fundamentalism
The shadow of a great rock : a literary appreciation of the King James Bible
Sahidic 1 Samuel : a daughter version of the Septuagint
Translating Resurrection examines the debate between William Tyndale and George Joye at the beginning of the English Reformation. Occasioned by Joye's coining 'life after this' for Tyndale's 'resurrection' in Joye's 1534 edition of Tyndale's New Testament, this fascinating but little-known debate provides unique insights into the reformers' beliefs concerning post-mortem existence, such as the question of immortality of the soul, soul-sleep, prayers to saints and the doctrine of Purgatory. By providing a thoroughgoing historical and theological context, the book presents an original look at this important episode from the life of the exiled protestant English community. The result will realign scholarship on Tyndale as well as centuries of neglect of Joye's contributions to early modern bible translation.
Be Domes Dæge, De Die Judicii : an Old English version of the Latin poem ascribed to Bede
William Tyndale : a biography
The Old Testament in Syriac according to the Peshitta version. P. 4. Fasc. 4, Ezra and Nehemiah, 1-2 Maccabees
Repetition of the possessive pronouns in the Septuagint
Textual History of the Bible. Volume 1A, Overview articles
Wulfila 311-2011 : international symposium : Uppsala University June 15-18, 2011
Two versions of the Solomon narrative : an inquiry into the relationship between MT 1 Kgs. 2-11 and LXX 3 Reg. 2-11
The Kabbalistic scholars of the Antwerp Polyglot Bible
Transformations in the Septuagint : towards an interaction of Septuagint studies and translation studies
The poetics of translation : history, theory, practice
Mikael Agricola's Gospel according to St Mark
The Psalms
King Henry's Bible : MS Bodley 277 : the revised version of the Wyclif Bible. Vol. 2, I Kings-Psalms
The Bible through metaphor and translation : a cognitive semantic perspective
The old Greek psalter : studies in honour of Albert Pietersma
In 'Traductor Scriptor', John Screnock situates the Old Greek translation of the Hebrew Bible within the broader scribal culture of the ancient world. Building on current methods in Septuagint studies and textual criticism, Screnock engages the evidence from Qumran, the Samaritan Pentateuch, and the Old Greek to argue that the phenomena of translation and transmission are fundamentally similar. 'Traductor Scriptor' presents a unique approach to the use of the Old Greek for textual criticism of the Hebrew Bible, based on new theoretical considerations and an in-depth analysis of text-critical data in the Old Greek translation and Hebrew manuscripts of Exodus 1-14.
The Jewish study Bible
Helsinki perspectives on the translation technique of the Septuagint : proceedings of the IOSCS Congress in Helsinki 1999
