http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20595 decay (matter)
decay (matter)
Immediate effects of logging, mounding and stump harvesting on coarse woody debris and epixylic species in managed Norway spruce stands in southern Finland
Dead-wood-associated aphyllophoroid fungi : perspectives on the diversity, ecology and conservation biology of species and their habitats
Studies of the domestic dry rot fungus Serpula lacrymans with relevance to the management of decay in buildings
Moisture sorption properties and fungal degradation of torrefied wood in storage
Comparison of field inventory methods and use of airborne laser scanning for assessing coarse woody debris
Polypores and associated beetles in forest-clear-cut ecotone
Micromorphology and durability of WPCs made from chemically modified wood
Amount, diversity and spatio-temporal availability of dead wood in old forests in boreal Fennoscandia
Conservation of polypore diversity in managed forests of boreal Fennoscandia
Ecology of woody debris in boreal forests
A relation between historical forest use and current dead woody material in a boreal protected old-growth forest in Finland
Polypore species richness and forest habitat characteristics in Pallas-Yllästunturi National Park in Finland : modelling the relationships
Notes on the detection of different types of decay in wood = Havaintoja eri lahotyyppien osoittamisesta puuaineksessa
Tree mortality and deadwood dynamics in late-successional boreal forests
Early microbial community development in stems of Picea abies inoculated with characterised decay fungi, non-decay fungi and bacteria
Multiple-use of tradeoffs in Swedish mountain region forests
Timber quality preservation
Wood microbiology : decay and its prevention
Live-storage of Picea abies for two summers after storm felling in Sweden
Bioremediation of recalcitrant aromatic organic pollutants with white rot fungi
Pathogenomics of the Heterobasidion species : functional analysis of the HaHOG1 MAP kinase
Brown rot decay in wooden constructions : effect of temperature, humidity and moisture
Restoration of the naturalness of boreal forests
Myxomycete species richness and community composition on the forest floor and decaying wood
Ecological impacts of Phlebiopsis gigantea biocontrol treatment against Heterobasidion spp. as revealed by fungal community profiling and population analyses
Communities of wood-inhabiting fungi : ecological requirements and responses to forest management and ragmentation
Green tree retention
The density of Picea abies [L.] Karst. regeneration on different microsites, the quantity and quality of woody microsites, and seedling occurrence probability on stumps and fallen deadwood were studied in a subalpine forest that has been under protection for approximately 30-40 years (Gorce Mountains in the western Carpathians). Thirty percent of seedlings and 29% of saplings grew on stumps and fallen deadwood, while the remaining regeneration occurred on soil surface and mounds created by uprooted trees. The occurrence probability of Picea seedlings on fallen deadwood increased with deadwood diameter and decay stage and with the volume of living trees, and decreased with increased density of living trees, sapling density, and land slope. Furthermore, seedlings were more likely to grow on stumps with a greater diameter and in plots with higher sapling density, but less likely to grow on higher stumps. Stumps and fallen deadwood covered about 4% of the forest floor, but the material that is most important for promoting regeneration (strongly decomposed logs and those of a diameter exceeding 30 cm) took up only about 22 m2 ha-1. We have concluded that in a subalpine forest that has been protected for 30-40 years regeneration processes take place mostly on soil surface and stumps. The role of fallen deadwood increases over time as a greater number of suitable logs (in terms of size and decay stage) become available..
Cost efficiency of measures to increase the amount of coarse woody debris in managed Norway spruce forests
Monitoring of fungal growth and degradation of wood
Retention forestry and intensified biomass harvest : epiphytic lichen assemblages under opposing ecological effects in pine-dominated boreal forests
Incidence of the conidiophores of Fomes annosus (Fr.) Cooke on the logging waste of spruce (Picea abies (L.) Karst.)
Development of commercial wood preservatives : efficacy, environmental, and health issues
Waterlogged archaeological wood : biodegradation and its implications for conservation
The paper aimed at testing the potential of refining tree rot diagnostics carried out by means of electrical impedance tomography (EIT). Examined was the use of EIT datasets with electrical resistance values and sapwood proportion determined on the basis of tomograms. Making use of datasets with resistance values in EIT rot diagnostics is not a default method, although datasets stay unaffected by a fixed colour scale and subsequent subjective evaluation unlike tomograms. Tomography measurement was carried out for 27 individuals of Norway spruce (Picea abies [L.] Karst.) in two stands north-east of Brno, Czech Republic. Once felled down, radial cut-outs were sampled at the measurement site and used for localising rot and determining the extent of the area of decay. The results were subsequently compared with tomograms. EIT datasets containing values of electrical resistance found by measuring were statistically processed and compared with the extent of rot area identified within the cuts. Sapwood proportion values were also detected using the tomograms. The baseline assumption that sapwood proportion decreases as the rot area in the radial cut expands was confirmed. In trees with rot percentage to 35% approximately, sapwood proportion was exceeding 30% except one tree. In trees with rot percentage exceeding 35%, sapwood proportion was below 30%. On the basis of interpreted datasets, the trees can be split into three characteristic groups that correspond to the occurrence, extent and nature of the rot.
Taxonomy and phylogeny of white-rot polypores : case studies in Hymenochaetales and Polyporales (Basidiomycota)
Newtonia buchananii and its fungal decayers in natural stands
Ecological efficiency of voluntary conservation of boreal-forest biodiversity
Disturbance in boreal spruce forest : immediate dynamics from stand to understorey level
Prevention of decay of wood in boats
Beaver in the drainage basin: an ecosystem engineer restores wetlands in the boreal landscape
Structural and functional studies of cellobiohydrolase Cel7D from the white-rot fungus Phanerochaete chrysosporium
Timber decay in buildings : the conservation approach to treatment
Degradation of lignin and other 14C-labelled compounds in compost and soil with an emphasis on white-rot fungi
Factors affecting the development of mould and brown rot decay in wooden material and wooden structures : effect of humidity, temperature and exposure time
Summary.
Proceedings of the sixth International Conference on Root and Butt Rots of Forest Trees. Melbourne, Victoria and Gymbie, Queensland, Australia, August 25-31, 1983
Ecology of species living on dead wood : lessons for dead wood management
Double-stranded RNA elements in the root rot fungus Heterobasidion annosum
Degradation and conversion of lignin, lignin-related aromatic compounds and lignocellulose by selected white-rot fungi
Emulation of natural disturbances and the maintenance of biodiversity in managed boreal forests : the effects of prescribed fire and retention forestry on insect assemblages
Peniophora gigantea (Fr.) Massee and wounded spruce (Picea abies (L.) Karst.)
The environmental control of dry rot
Protection of spruce stumps against Fomes annosus (Fr.) cooke by some wood-inhabiting fungi
Spatial distribution of dead wood and the occurrence of five saproxylic fungi in old-growth timberline spruce forests in northern Finland
Microscopial studies on plant fibre structure
Electrical impedance tomography for decay diagnostics of Norway spruce (Picea abies): possibilities and opportunities
Ligninolytic system of the white-rot fungus Phlebia radiata : lignin model compound studies
Effects of forest-fuel harvesting on the diversity of dead wood and epixylic macrolichens in clear-cuts
The effect of lignin content and lignin modification on Norway spruce wood properties and decay resistance
Predicting species richness of wood-inhabiting fungi, epiphytic bryophytes and lichens based on stand structure and indicator species
Differences between sapwood and heartwood of thermally modified Norway spruce (Picea abies) and Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris) under water and decay exposure
Forest act habitats : Finnish woodland key habitats amid the intensive forestry
Decay resistance of heartwood timber as a quality characteristic in Scots pine breeding
Ecology and decay pattern of Inocutis dryophila in Quercus robur
Assessing the incidence of butt rot in Norway spruce in southern Finland
Studies on white-rot humus formed by higher fungi in forest soils
Peniophora gigantea (Fr.) Massee and wounded spruce (Picea abies (L.) Karst.) 2
Ecology and decay pattern of Phellinus robustus in old-growth Quercus robur
Short-term effects of forest restoration on beetle diversity
Ecology of woodlands and forests : description, dynamics and diversity
Wood and tree fungi : biology, damage, protection, and use
Role of the Siberian flying squirrel as an umbrella species for biodiversity in northern boreal forests
The chemistry of wood preservation
Dead wood and polypore diversity in natural post-fire succession forests  and managed stands : lessons for biodiversity management in boreal forests
Wood-rotting Aphyllophorales (Basidiomycetes) on aspen (Populus tremula) in managed and old-groth forests of Kainuu, eastern Finland
The conservation potential of brook-side key habitats in managed boreal forests
The white-rot fungi Phlebia radiata and Dichomitus squalens in wood-based cultures : expression of laccases, lignin peroxidases, and oxalate decarboxylase
Decay of spruce (Picea abies (L.) Karst.) in the Åland Islands
Characterization of the lignin-modifying enzymes of the selective white-rot fungus Physisporinus rivulosus
Decay mechanisms of brown-rot fungi
Intersterility groups of Heterobasidion annosum = Juurikäävän risteytymissuhteet
What was behind the bark? : an assessment of decay among urban Tilia, Betula and Acer trees felled as hazardous in the Helsinki City area
Butt-rot in Norway spruce in southern Finland
Applicability of crude tall oil for wood protection
Enzymatic plant cell wall degradation by the white rot fungus Dichomitus squalens
Recognising wood rot and insect damage in buildings
The potential of ligninolytic fungi in bioremediation of contaminated soils
Silvicultural control of Heterobasidion root rot in Norway spruce forests in southern Finland : regeneration and vitality fertilization of infected stands
Decay in Pacific Northwest conifers
Spruce regeneration on woody microsites in a subalpine forest in the western Carpathians
Hoplothrips polysticti (Thysanoptera) on the wood-rotting polypore Trichaptum abietinum infesting dead Picea abies in Norway
