http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20532 apologetics
apologetics
Christian theism and apologetics is an increasingly significant area of research and dialogue. This volume comprises groundbreaking dialogues by many of the most prominent scholars in the field in a definitive treatment of central issues in theism and Christian faith. The essays are ecumenical and broadly Christian, in the spirit of C.S. Lewis's Mere Christianity, and feature lucid and up-to-date material designed to engage students and others in contemporary theistic and Christian issues. The first half of the volume includes dialogues about God's existence and the coherence of theism. The second moves beyond generic theism to address significant debates over such specifically Christian doctrines as the Trinity and the resurrection of Jesus. Debating Christian Theism provides an ideal starting point for students, scholars, and anyone seeking to understand the current issues and developments with respect to discussions in Christian theism and apologetics.
Gunning for God : why the new atheists are missing the target
This book explores anew the theme of creation in Scripture, tradition, and contemporary theology. David Fergusson defends the classical account of creation out of nothing but pays more sustained attention than the Christian tradition typically has given to the holistic significance of the created world. Offering both doctrinal exposition and apologetic argument, Fergusson discusses creation in relation to the problem of evil and the fall, divine providence, deism, Darwinian evolution, environmental ethics, animal rights, and more, even touching on the topic of extraterrestrial intelligence.
Christianity at the centre
Answer to an enemy of Islam : this is a refutation of the lies and slanders which the lā-madhhabī Rashīd Ridā of Egypt, who appeared in the disguise of a religious man and wrote against the scholars of Islam in his book Muhāwarāt
Answering Jewish objections to Jesus. Volume 1, General and historical objections
The legend of Sergius Bahīrā : eastern Christian apologetics and apocalyptic in response to Islam
Concluding unscientific postscript to "Philosophical fragments"
Witness is presence : reading Stanley Hauerwas in a Nordic setting
The last word : scripture and the authority of God - getting beyond the Bible wars
Islamic spirituality and modern science : the scientific bases of Sufism
Confessions of a British spy and British enmity against Islam
The works of Saint Augustine : a translation for the 21st century. Part 1, vol. 11, Teaching Christianity = De doctrina Christina
On the church : select letters
Reasons [for faith] : philosophy in the service of theology
Either/or : the Gospel or neopaganism
Inventing the universe : why we can't stop talking about science, faith and God
Toward a recovery of Christian belief : The Rutherford lectures
Atheists generated widespread anxieties between the Reformation and the Enlightenment. In response to such anxieties a distinct genre of religious apologetics emerged in England between 1580 and 1720. By examining the form and the content of the confutation of atheism, Anti-Atheism in Early Modern England demonstrates the prevalence of patterned assumptions and arguments about who an atheist was and what an atheist was supposed to believe, outlines and analyzes the major arguments against atheists, and traces the important changes and challenges to this apologetic discourse in the early Enlightenment.
Concerning the city of God against pagans
The restitution of man : C.S. Lewis and the case against scientism
Christian apologetics : a comprehensive case for biblical faith
Among all the arguments for the existence of God there may be none more personal and intimate than C. S. Lewis's Argument from Desire. This book attempts to explain what the Argument from Desire is and why we believe that the argument is an inductively strong one. In the spirit of C. S. Lewis, Augustine, and Pascal, this book invites both the head and the heart of the reader to consider the case for God's existence. While many arguments look out to the external world for evidence of God's existence, this book calls the reader to look inward to the human heart. While learning from classical thinkers (particularly C. S. Lewis) the Argument from Desire will bring both intuition and experience together to demonstrate the truth of divine presence in the world. The reader will walk away with either a newfound faith or a reinforced conviction that has a strong intellectual and experiential dimension.
Handing on the faith in an age of disbelief : lectures given at the Church of Notre-Dame de Fourvière in Lyons, France, and at Notre-Dame Cathedral in Paris
The Christian worldview proposes answers to the most enduring human questions. But are those answers reliable? In this systematic text, Douglas Groothuis makes a comprehensive apologetic case for Christian theism--proceeding from a defense of objective truth to a presentation of the key arguments for God from natural theology to a case for the credibility of Jesus, the incarnation and the resurrection. Throughout, Groothuis considers alternative views and how they fare intellectually.
Freedom and law : a Jewish-Christian apologetics
Defending the "people of truth" in the early Islamic period : the Christian apologies of Abū Rā̕̕iṭah
The ecclesiology of Stanley Hauerwas : a Christian theology of liberation
Romans and the apologetic tradition : the purpose, genre and audience of Paul's letter
New testament theology in a secular world : a constructivist work in philosophical epistemology and Christian apologetics
The popular handbook of archaeology and the Bible
Jesus on trial : a lawyer affirms the truth of the gospel
On the church : select treatises
Religion under attack : getting theology right
What Christians really believe - and why
Critique and apologetics : Jews, Christians and Pagans in antiquity
Irenaeus's Demonstration of the apostolic preaching : a theological commentary and translation
Was Jesus God?
Ad Autolycum
The language of God : a scientist presents evidence for belief
Since the twin towers crashed to the ground on 9/11 there has been no end to claims that religion 'is dangerous', 'kills' , or 'poisons everything'. And if religion is the problem with the world, say the New Atheists, the answer is simple: get rid of it. But are things really so straightforward? Tackling Hawking, Dawkins, Dennett, Hitchens, and a newcomer in the field - the French philosopher Michel Onfray - John Lennox points out some of the fallacies in the New Atheist approach, arguing that their irrational and unscientific methodology leaves them guilty of the very obstinate foolishness they criticise in dogmatic religious folks. Erudite and wide-ranging, Gunning for God packs some debilitating punches. However, it also puts forward new ideas about the nature of God and Christianity that will give Dawkins' best friends and worst enemies alike some stimulating food for thought.
God is great, God is good : why believing in God is reasonable and responsible
'Word of God' in the thought of Ahmed Deedat
The reason for God : belief in an age of skepticism
Truth matters : confident faith in a confusing world
The case for Christ : a journalist's personal investigation of the evidence for Jesus
Mere apologetics : how to help seekers and skeptics find faith
Jesus' resurrection : fact or figment? : a debate between William Lane Craig & Gerd Lüdemann
The command of grace : a new theological apologetics
Hugo Grotius as apologist for the Christian religion : a study of his work De veritate religionis Christianae, 1640
The influence of the Gospel of Saint Matthew on Christian literature before Saint Irenaeus. Book 3, The Apologists and the Didache
The rage against God
Taking on the challenge of the New Atheism head-on, Dr. Ravi Zacharias exposes the utter bankruptcy of the worldview of atheisms newest champion, author Sam Harris. Harris claims God is just an imaginary friend in his bestselling book, Letter to a Christian Nation. The End of Reason is a powerful and passionate reply not only to those who have read the writings of Harris, but to all Christians who have had the foundations of their beliefs decimated. This book dismantles the main arguments by Harris for atheism and answers his call to denounce Christian values. The author focuses on the goodness of God, the real nature of evil, and the foundation of true morality. - Publisher.
The son rises : the historical evidence for the resurrection of Jesus
How might C.S. Lewis, the greatest Christian apologist of the twentieth century, respond to the twenty-first century 'new atheism' of Richard Dawkins, Christopher Hitchens and company? Might Lewis' own journey from atheism to Christian belief illuminate and undercut the objections of the new atheists? Christian philosopher Peter S. Williams takes us on an intellectual journey through Lewis' conversion in conversation with today's anti-theists. 'This book shows the breadth, depth, and durability of Lewis's Christian apologetics.' Michael Ward, chaplain at St Peter's College, Oxford 'Peter Williams is a bright, young British philosopher and a skilful debater with whom I had the privilege of partnering in our Cambridge Union Society debate in 2011. I recommend his work enthusiastically.' William Craig, Research Professor of Philosophy at Talbot School of Theology in La Mirada, California.
Theological epistemology of contemporary American confessional reformed apologetics
Who is Jesus? : disputed questions and answers
Justin, philosopher and martyr, Apologies
Baker encyclopedia of Christian apologetics
Why i am still a Christian
Christian apologetics
Ethnicity and argument in Eusebius' Praeparatio Evangelica
The book tries to demonstrate the scientific reality of Islamic spirituality and clarify the misunderstandings and confusions about Islamic spirituality on scientific grounds. Scientific orthodoxy refers to magnetic sensitivity in human beings, electromagnetic energies that permeate our atmosphere, the flow of positive and negative ions in the atmosphere affecting human brain activity, the function of the pineal gland and many other empirical sources of transcendent experience that are yet to be investigated. This magnetic energy basis of spiritual experience, which the scientific camp has been forced into revealing, has proved to be a welcome development of modern science from the point of view of Islamic spirituality.
Apologetics in the Roman Empire : pagans, Jews and Christians
Tayloring reformed epistemology : Charles Taylor, Alvin Plantinga and the de jure challenge to Christian belief
Creation and redemption
Passionate conviction : contemporary discourses on Christian apologetics
Reason and worldviews : Warfield, Kuyper, Van Til, and Plantinga on the clarity of general revelation and function of apologetics
The end of Christianity : finding a good God in an evil world
Three versions of Esther : their relationship to anti-semitic and feminist critique of the story
A case for the divinity of Jesus : examining the earliest evidence
The Devil's delusion : atheism and its scientific pretensions
Reconsidering Eusebius : collected papers on literary, historical, and theological issues
The apologetics of joy : a case for the existence of God from C. S. Lewis's argument from desire
The case for the resurrection of Jesus
Augustine and Roman virtue
Religious polemics in context : papers presented to the Second International Conference of the Leiden Institute for the Study of Religions (LISOR) held at Leiden, 27-28 April, 2000
St. Avgvstine : of the citie of God
Total truth : liberating Christianity from its cultural captivity
Human rights and human dignity
Apologist Paul Copan takes on some of the most vexing accusations of our time, including that God is arrogant and jealous, punishes people too harshly, is guilty of ethnic cleansing, oppresses women, and endorses slavery. He also challenges the accusation that Christianity causes violence. Copan not only answers God's critics, he also shows how to read both the Old and New Testaments faithfully, seeing an unchanging, righteous, and loving God in both.
Heresy : a history of defending the truth
Theodore Abū Qurrah
Alvin Plantinga and Christian apologetics
The Apologies of Justin Martyr
With heart and mind : a personal synthesis of scholarship and devotion
Is God a moral monster? : making sense of the Old Testament God
In Defence of Christianity examines the early Christian apologists in their context in thirteen articles divided in four parts. Part I provides an introduction to apology and apologetics in antiquity, an overview of the early Christian apologists, and an outline of their argumentation. The nine articles of Part II each cover one of the early apologists: Aristides, Justin, Tatian, Athenagoras, Theophilus, the author of the Letter to Diognetus, Clement of Alexandria, Tertullian and Minucius Felix. Part III contextualises the apologists by providing an English translation of contemporary pagan criticism of Christianity and by discussing this critique. Part IV consists of a single article discussing how Eusebius depicted and used the apologists in his Ecclesiastical History.
Christian apologetics as cross-cultural dialogue
Tertullian's Aduersus Iudaeos : a rhetorical analysis
Christianity and Hellenism in the fifth-century Greek east : Theodoret's apologetics against the Greeks in context
Anti-atheism in early modern England 1580-1720
Religious faith, language, and knowledge : a philosophical preface to theology
Christian apologetics : an anthology of primary sources
How shall we reach them?
Warranted Christian belief
Could not answer
More than a theory : revealing a testable model for creation
Mere theology : Christian faith and the discipleship of the mind
Nasrallah shows how early Christians took up themes of justice, piety, and even the question of whether humans could be gods. They did so in the midst of sculptures that conveyed visually that humans could be gods, monumental architecture that made claims about the justice and piety of the Roman imperial family, and ideas of geography that placed Greek or Roman ethnicity at the center of the known world.
Continuity and discontinuity in Early Christian aopologetics
Answers to tough questions about the Christian faith
Creation
Pierced for our transgressions : rediscovering the glory of penal substitution
The Sunni path
The moral gap : Kantian ethics, human limits, and God's assistance
A trained philosopher and intellectual historian as well as a writer of genius, C. S. Lewis was one of the most lucid, profound, and eloquent critics of the reductive scientific materialism that has helped make the twentieth century so destructive and confused. The Restitution of Man examines the conflict between scientific materialism and the Christian philosophical tradition as it has taken place since the seventeenth century. It examines Lewis's role as inheritor of and spokesman of this tradition and as an articulate opponent of reductive naturalism and "the abolition of man" that materialistic ideologies always entail. In probing the breadth of Lewis's writings, Michael Aeschliman shows why Lewis's apologetic for the Christian view of man is a precious resource for the transmission of human sanity, ethics, and wisdom in an age that has frequently ignored or obliterated all three. This revised edition of Aeschliman's acclaimed study includes a new foreword by George Gilder and a new afterword by the author.
In defence of Christianity
Apologetic discourse and the scribal tradition : evidence of the influence of apologetic interests on the text of the canonical Gospels
Making the crooked straight : a contribution to Bahá'í apologetics
Reason and reality : the relationship between science and theology
This book is a survey of the most important Old and New Testament archaeological discoveries through the ages. Biblical archaeology has always stirred excitement among believers and curiosity among unbelievers. The evidence dug up with a spade can speak volumes - and serve as a powerful testimony of the reliability of Scripture. Norm Geisler and Joe Holden have put together an array of finds that confirm the biblical people and events of ages past. In a user-friendly format written in popular style, they ...examine the latest finds and explain their significance; include dozens of photographs; provide an instructive chart of artifacts (along with fast facts); and, sample a variety of finds - papyri, inscriptions, scrolls, ossuaries, and more.
C.S. Lewis vs the new atheists
The guards of the tomb (Matt 27:62-66 and 28:11-15) : Matthew's apologetic legend revised
Christian responses to Roman art and architecture : the second-century church amid the spaces of empire
Die Verfasserschaft der traditionell dem Apologeten Athenagoras zugeschriebenen Schrift De Resurrectione und ihre Datierung sind bis heute umstritten. Nikolai Kiel weist in dieser Studie nach, dass der Auferstehungstraktat ein Pseudonym darstellt. Durch eine Verortung des Textes im ideengeschichtlichen Kontext der altkirchlichen Auferstehungsdebatten kann seine Entstehung auf die erste Hälfte des dritten Jahrhunderts datiert werden. Hierzu wird auch der Diskurshorizont des untersuchten Traktats mittels einer Rekonstruktion der in der Leugnung der Totenauferstehung bestehenden gegnerischen Position näher bestimmt. Ausgehend von einem interpretierenden Durchgang durch De Resurrectione leistet der Verfasser einen wesentlichen Beitrag zur patristischen Forschung des apologetischen Zeitalters. -- The authorship of De Resurrectione traditionally ascribed to the apologist Athenagoras, and its dating are controversial to this day. Nikolai Kiel proves in this study that the resurrection treatise is pseudonymous. By positioning the text within the intellectual-historical context of early resurrection debates, its origin can be dated to the first half of the 3rd century. The discourse horizon of the discussed tractate has been determined more precisely by means of a reconstruction of the constituent opposing position. Through his interpretative survey of De Resurrectione, the author has advanced the study of apologetic literature from the early patristic Era.
Reasonable faith : Christian truth and apologetics
In defence of Christianity : early Christian apologists
Exploring reality : the intertwining of science and religion
God and man
Postmodern apologetics? : arguments for God in contemporary philosophy
In Defense of the Bible gathers exceptional articles by accomplished scholars (Paul Copan, William A. Dembski, Mary Jo Sharp, Darrell L. Bock, etc.), addressing and responding to all of the major contemporary challenges to the divine inspiration and authority of Scripture. The book begins by looking at philosophical and methodological challenges to the Bible--questions about whether or not it is logically possible for God to communicate verbally with human beings; what it means to say the Bible is true in response to postmodern concerns about the nature of truth; defending the clarity of Scripture against historical skepticism and relativism. Contributors also explore textual and historical challenges--charges made by Muslims, Mormons, and skeptics that the Bible has been corrupted beyond repair; questions about the authorship of certain biblical books; allegations that the Bible borrows from pagan myths; the historical reliability of the Old and New Testaments. Final chapters take on ethical, scientific, and theological challenges-- demonstrating the Bible's moral integrity regarding the topics of slavery and sexism; harmonizing exegetical and theological conclusions with the findings of science; addressing accusations that the Christian canon is the result of political and theological manipulation; ultimately defending the Bible as not simply historically reliable and consistent, but in fact the Word of God.
The Gospel in a pluralist society
Samaw'al al-Maghribi's (d. 570/1175) Ifham al-yahud - The early recension
The end of reason : a response to the new atheists
In the world, of the church : a Paul Evdokimov reader
Hebrew Esther tells the story of a woman who assumes responsibility to save her people from attempted genocide. Old Greek and Alpha Text Esther are examples of Jewish apologetic and polemic literature that addressed Greek and Latin perceptions of Jewish xenophobia and misanthropy. However, in spite of the fact that Hebrew Esther gives an account of a woman's leading role in the prevention of the genocide of the Jews of Persia, and the fact that the authors of the Greek versions reinterpreted the Hebrew for the purpose of addressing anti-Semitic sentiment in the Greco-Roman world, the story of Esther is the object of significant anti-Semitic and feminist critique. In contrast to most past and current scholarship, this work uses a combination of critical methods to question both forms of critique, and contrasts Hebrew Esther's character and actions with her character and actions portrayed in the two Greek versions.
An introduction to the Gospel of John
C. S. Lewis : a life
Debating Christian theism
Reinventing Jesus : how contemporary skeptics miss the real Jesus and mislead popular culture
Athenagoras : philosopher and theologian
In defense of the Bible : a comprehensive apologetic for the authority of Scripture
Examines the early Christian apologists in their context in thirteen articles divided in four parts. This title provides an introduction to apology and apologetics in antiquity, an overview of the early Christian apologists, and an outline of their argumentation.
The Kuzari and the shaping of Jewish identity, 1167-1900
Jonathan Edwards confronts the gods : Christian theology, Enlightenment religion, and non-Christian faiths
Pascal's unfinished Apology : a study of his plan
