http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20596 cost effectiveness
cost effectiveness
Regularization in multistage cooperitive games
Effects of supply chain change on carbon footprint and cost efficiency : a case study
Cost benefit and cost effectiveness : studies and analysis
Ecosystem rescue : when protection is not enough
Minimizing supply chain costs
Food and beverage cost control
Economic analysis of agricultural projects
Systems engineering simplified
Overview on the cost-effectiveness of maritime safety policy instruments
Cost leadership as an airline strategy : the European model - theory and implementation
Inventory level analysis at Company X
Costs and effectiveness of hearing aid rehabilitation in the elderly
Computing time and energy requirements to assess tractor operational efficiency : application to a plowing operation
Successful outsourcing process : a study of outsourcing salary administration case study
Production frontier methods in environmental performance measurement and analysis
Removing bottleneck from a manufacturing unit: A case studies to BETKER OY, Ylivieska- 84100, Finland
Mercury beats Minerva? : essays on the accelerating impact of market logic permeating higher education
Cost accounting : decision emphasis
Abstract: Economic Aspects of Baltic Sea Protection.
Prospects for cost-efficient water protection in the Baltic Sea
Beating low cost competition : how premium brands can respond to cut-price rivals beating the competition
Environmental reporting in financial sector
Cost-benefit analysis : a practical guide
Value stream mapping : how to visualize work and align leadership for organizational transformation
Workshop on the importance of non-technical measures for reductions in emissions of air pollutants and how to consider them in integrated assessment modelling : 7-8 December 2005
UPM-Kymmene Oyj is one of the world's leading paper industry companies. The purpose of this thesis was to create container optimizing tool for UPM customer service. Background of the thesis was to develop way of working in the order creation phase and accomplish cost-efficiency by optimizing container payloads. Cost-efficiency means finding correct order amounts and maximizing sea containers capacity.  Thesis focuses how orders are created in customer service and its needs to optimizing order amounts. In addition ground rules and initial data concerning optimization process were defined during this the thesis work. Source data were found from UPMs internal systems and from ISO-standards. Many development points were found in the middle of the tool creation and in test phase.  Thesis includes history of the containers and it shows how container markets have been increased to ease understanding how important fully usage of container capacities. Thesis describes all the way of container order process from order creation to customer delivery.
Business growth expert Steven S. Little gives you the real-world strategies you need to navigate your business through economic uncertainty. If you're a business owner or leader, you're no doubt feeling inundated on all sides by the gathering forces of this financial downturn - shrinking revenues, tightening resources, anxious workers, plunging profits. When economic storms hit, it's the clear-minded and action-oriented leader that ultimately guides their business to success. In order to position your business for the growth opportunities ahead, it is imperative for you to address your most critical issues now. Duck and (re)Cover is the ultimate business owner's guide to prevailing and prospering through tough economic times. It questions much of the 'conventional wisdom' we all hear about recessions and instead offers an irreverently 'common sense' approach to survival and growth in the midst of economic uncertainty. This book focuses on the most significant challenges and opportunities facing embattled businesses today. It recommends specific, and effective strategies for keeping your business up and running, even if the economy continues to stall. It includes a wealth of 'been there-done that' advice that will help you clear your own path to sustainable, profitable growth. It is written by Steven S. Little, former president of three fast-growth companies and author of The Seven Irrefutable Rules of Small Business Growth . Now is not the time for timidity. Instead, make the bold moves recommend here to not only weather the storm but to chart a course for your ultimate destination.
How electronic invoice circulation has improved the availability and transparency of information and reduced costs at Finnair
Developing a consolidated management view by integrating financial, operational and clinical data
Identifying inefficiencies in the supply chain : method for discovering waste
Rotor pilot project on M/S Estraden of Bore fleet
Digital era governance : IT corporations, the state, and E-government
Food and beverage cost control : study guide to accompany
The idea for this thesis comes from the growing interest towards the area of green building. Therefore, the main objective of the thesis was to make the reader become more familiar with all the different concepts, relating to green building and to provide information about 'Vuores' as a project. The thesis is specifically made for an environmental project called Vuores and for its project manager named Arto Vuorijärvi, however others interested in this type of building, similar projects and environmental issues will also benefit from reading this.  One purpose of this Bachelors Thesis is to define what green building is and explain the different concepts in a way that a person who may be lacking the common knowledge will easily understand them. The theoretical part of the thesis describes the different areas included in green building; what has brought us to this environmental situation we are in; why is it necessary and what the benefits are. The practical part clearly explains the different phases of the building part itself, and tells about the matter in a more practical way.  Theories applied in this thesis come from a variation of different sources, as well as my own existing knowledge and ideas from the commissioner. The materials used consist of Internet sources, books and compendious materials received relating to the Vuores project. This report will cover the many different areas in green building and it has been done to showcase the potential homebuilder, all the benefits it has, compared to other building models, for example the opportunity to save money by focusing on reductions in cement, water, energy, waste and accidents etc.  I hope that in the future there will be the opportunity to go deeper into this subject and hopefully include it into a part of my career, because these are issues that will not fade. Instead the ideas behind 'going green' need to be developed further and new inventions need to be created.
Returns and illiquidity : study of the Finnish stock market
Determination of optimal output and variable cost analysis for Sao Hill sawmill in Tanzania
Lean hospitals : improving quality, patient safety, and employee engagement
The economics of organisation and bureaucracy. Vol. 3
VOC emissions from loading gasoline onto sea-going tankers in EU-15: control technology and cost-effectiveness
Cost-effective management tools for ensuring food quality and safety : for small and medium agro-industrial enterprises
Cost control in business travel
Economic incentives for stormwater control
Public goods, public gains : calculating the social benefits of public R&D
The Lean Design® guidebook : everything your product development team needs to slash manufacturing cost
The quality of life and cost-effectiveness of treatment after a serious neurosurgical illness
Cost-effective nitrogen leaching reduction as influenced by linkages between farm-level decisions
The economic efficiency of accommodation service PFI projects
The cost competitiveness of conifer stumps in the procurement of forest chips for fuel in Southern and Northern Finland
Retention forestry and biodiversity conservation: a parallel with agroforestry
Safer hospital care : strategies for continuous innovation
Routine Measurement of Helath-Related Quality of Life in Assessing Cost-Effectiveness in Secondary Health Care : Academic Dissertation University of Helsinki
The competitiveness of a low energy family house in Germany
Statin adherence and its effect on cost-effectiveness in the prevention of cardiovascular events
FOCUS Framework : How to Find Product-Market Fit
Developing the loading process of a distribution vehicle in a dairy
Cost benefit analysis
ConnectSite 10 BTS Materials Localization
Lean Six Sigma for service : how to use Lean Speed and Six Sigma Quality to improve services and transactions
Protection of assets : security managements
Technology, automation, and productivity of stock exchanges : international evidence
Operational efficiency of forest energy supply chains in different operational environments
The new lean toolbox : towards fast, flexible flow
Essentials of pharmacoeconomics
"The fourth edition of Business Logistics Management covers concepts and theories relating to the movement of goods, the coordination of the supply chain, and the exchange of information."--Cover.
Cost-Benefit Analysis : Cases and materials
Cost efficiency of Finnish municipalities 1994-2000 : an application of DEA and Tobit methods
Hope or hype : the obsession with medical advances and the high cost of false promises
Product cost assessing tool
Demanding applications : DEMAPP : final report 3/2014
Duck and (re)cover : the embattled business owner's guide to survival and growth
Summary in Swedish.
E-Commerce, today’s fastest growing business: the main impulses and how to stabilize them.
Cost efficiency in international multi-site engagements : Case: Capgemini Finland Ltd
In this work a completely new wind assisted propulsion technology for commercial  shipping is introduced. The rotor sail solution by Norsepower Ltd. was installed on M/S  Estraden from Bore Ltd fleet. Rotor sails are essentially improved Flettner - rotors with  full automation. Although the basic principle of Flettner- rotors has been known for a  long time, this was the  rst time that a rotor has been retro tted on to a ship and made  commercially available.  Since the beginning of 2015 the sulphur oxide (SOx) emissions are regulated in the Baltic  Sea, the North Sea and in the English Channel. Instead of the traditional heavy fuel oil  (HFO), existing ships are now forced to use more expensive low - sulphur content HFO, change their engines to work with marine diesel oil (MDO) or to install scrubbers that  eliminate the SOx compounds from the exhaust gas. New builds can be made to work  with environmentally friendly liquid natural gas (LNG).  The bunker costs will rise despite the method applied. Even before, with the traditional,  cheaper HFO, the fuel costs were remarkably high, forcing the ship owners to search for  savings on other operating costs. Thus it is essential to  nd a way to reduce the bunker  costs. Already optimization programs are used to minimize the consumption by calculating  optimal trim, selecting the best route based on weather and currents, adjusting the travel  speed between the way points etc.  With the use of Flettner rotors it is possible to obtain notable savings, up to 8 % per rotor. They are completely independent, almost maintenance free and programmed to  work without manual adjusting or crew members attending. They are fully automated  and no special training or course is required from the user. Also, they can be installed on  board during normal harbour stop without interruption or delays in the normal schedules.  Their payback period is so short, that they can be installed even on older ships.  Some minor alterations have been made on this on-line version. The whole work is available in the SAMK library upon request.
Tiivistelmä: Metoder for å modellere og optimere kvalitetsegenskaper og kostnader i næringsmidler.
The development of large-scale agricultural mechanization required to sustain food production, combined with limited conventional fuel resources, spurs on to better assess the time and energy investments required for commodities production. The proposed analysis is based on the description of field working dynamics collected on an experimental tractor during a plowing operation. The energy needs can there be characterized as having a dual alternating profile, depending on the tractor working phase within the field. As a result, two field oriented performance indicators consisting in time efficiency [h.ha-1] and area specific consumption [l.ha-1] are defined out of the profile characteristics. A model converting the draft of an implement into an engine running point is then developed to compute these indicators. The model is fitted on data collected over conventional bench tests, and is validated by an application to a plowing operation. Lastly, a sensitivity analysis on the operational parameters is conducted.
Cost-efficient reductions of stochastic nutrient loads to the Baltic Sea
Towards efficient pollution control in the Baltic Sea : an anatomy of current failure with suggestions
Strategic management of the health care supply chain
Learn how to make your company more efficient, increase customer value with less work and make better use of your organisation's resources by implementing a Lean management strategy.
Aerobic wastewater treatment under high and varying temperatures : thermophilic process performance and effluent quality
Energy and Life-cycle Cost Efficient Machines : final report 2/2014 : 2009-2014
Biodiversity conservation in forestry : essays on the economics of site selection
Building evidence for cost-effectiveness of self-management interventions in chronic care : acknowledging context and mechanisms
Business analysis
Order routing using the most efficient delivery site in oeder entry
Determining Production Lot Sizes and Reorder Points in the Manufacturing of Moulded Fibre
Faculty of health sciences' research day symposium 2017 : effectiveness of health care : abstracts
Providing workable skills and techniques, underpinned with academic theory, this title is a practical introductory guide for anyone involved with any aspect of business analysis or improving the effectiveness of IT and its alignment with the organization's business objectives.
Purchasing & supply chain management
The economics of organisation and bureaucracy. Vol. 1
The aim of this study was to evaluate cost competitiveness, at regional level, of various systems for stump transportation and grinding, and to compare the results to the procurement costs of delimbed stems from early thinnings at the stand and regional level. The accumulation and procurement costs of stumps and delimbed stems were estimated within a 100-kilometer radius from two power plants located in Kouvola and in Kajaani. The analyses were performed as simulated treatments in clear cuts and thinnings of young stands, using existing productivity and cost functions, alternative ash percentages for stump wood, and yield calculations based on the forest industry regeneration felling stand data and the sample plots data of the National Forest Inventory of Finland. The results were expressed as Euros per solid cubic meter (€ m-3) and Euros per megawatt hour (€ MWh-1). The results highlight the need to improve stump fuel quality and increase the heating value. The procurement cost of stumps was about 1 € MWh-1 lower in Kouvola compared to Kajaani, when using conceivable ash content of 6% for stumps ground at the plant, and ash content of 1.5% for stumps pre-ground at the roadside landing. The procurement costs of stumps were, on average, 0.55 € MWh-1 lower compared to delimbed stems in Kouvola, and on average 0.6 € MWh-1 higher in Kajaani. Pre-grinding and integrated screening is a feasible way to guarantee the fuel quality expressed as ash content already at roadside landings, but the procurement costs are higher compared to grinding stumps at the plant, when the ash content of ground stumps is 6% or less..
Cost efficiency of measures to increase the amount of coarse woody debris in managed Norway spruce forests
The value of seaweed as a nitrogen abatement measure
The ten-year rule : allocation of emission allowances in the EU emission trading system
Cost studies of buildings
Comparative study of the Risutec Automatic Plant Container (APC) and Bracke planting devices
Evaluation of cost efficient solution for station transformer
Comparison of different reliability improving investment strategies of Finnish medium-voltage distribution systems
Business logistics management : a value chain perspective
Public Finance in Theory and Practice
Rationale for adopting activity-based costing in hospitals:three longitudinal case studies
IT portfolio management step-by-step : unlocking the business value of technology
Guidelines for cost-effective agri-environmental policy measures
Nanowire technology for optoelectronic applications
Anti-VEGF treatment of wet age-related macular degeneration : from neurophysiology to cost-effectiveness
Smart (enough) systems : how to deliver competitive advantage by automating the decisions hidden in your business
Yhteenveto (Summary)
This study is a case assignment for Capgemini Finland Ltd and the topic is Cost efficiency in  international multi-site engagements. The main objective of the study is to increase knowledge  regarding common quality frameworks and working practices. The intention is to find out  whether they help increasing cost efficiency in the selected area and how this could be enhanced.  The topic arose from the current engagement environment in Capgemini Finland:  increasing amounts of work is being outsourced to Capgemini India making the engagements  international and multi-sited. Three case engagements carried out in co-operation between  Capgemini Finland and Capgemini India are included in the study.  This study consists of two main sections: literature review and empirical study. In the literature  review relevant theories are discussed and applied to the case engagements. The literature review  begins with a discussion about business transformation and then moves to factors behind  cost efficiency according to Barney's resource-based view on competitive advantage. The  literature review then continues to outsourcing and offshoring according to Dunning, quality  management according to Ooi et al. and finally engagements according to Nokes et al.  The empirical study was conducted with the help of qualitative, thematic interviews: two engagement  managers for each case engagement were interviewed and additionally some quantitative  data regarding the case engagements was analysed. Based on these conclusions and recommendations  were then made.  As a result of this study a number of findings were discovered. They indicated that cost efficiency  could be increased by taking some improvement actions in the areas of common quality  frameworks, working practices and engagements' human resources. Actions in promoting  knowledge management, reducing attrition of human resources, enhancing support for using  common quality frameworks, merging quality practices, creating more documented practices,  increasing automation and considering cultural differences between Finland and India were  found most important.  In conclusion, specific recommendations for improvements regarding the findings were made.  As it was found common quality frameworks and working practices increase cost efficiency in  international multi-site engagements, the recommendations are formulated to support this  positive effect. The recommendations are implemented in Capgemini Finland from spring  2011 onwards.
Modeling, assessments and cost-effectiveness analysis of constructed wetlands and active methods for the treatment of runoff from agricultural areas : final report of the Active Wetlands Interreg
Field manual on cost estimation in sawmilling industries
Analyzing and controlling foodservice costs : a managerial and technological approach
The economics of organisation and bureaucracy. Vol. 2
Specifications and applications of ZigBee wireless network
Does scale matter? : cost-effectiveness of agricultural nutrient abatement when target level varies
Refurbishing elderly care : strategy of cost efficiency in theory and practice
Product structure metrics as an indicator of demand-supply chain efficiency : case study in the cellular network industry
Wetlands for cost effective abatement of stochastic pollutants
Net zero energy buildings integrated with multi-generation technologies : balance metrics, energy matching and economic analyses
Risks, costs and equity : modelling efficient strategies for climate and energy policy
Optimizing container payloads
Abstract: Cost-effective working methods for the robot total station.
Light and Efficient Solutions - light : final report 4/2014 : 2009-2014
Conceptualising the economics of plant health protection against invasive pests
Designing and conducting cost-effectiveness analyses in medicine and health care
Food & beverage cost control : study guide to accompany
The objective of this paper was to explore the subject of forestry partners programs, a type of wood supply resource to the pulp mills in Brazil, and its impact on the cost of eucalyptus wood, i.e. which changes did it cause in the cost of eucalyptus wood to the pulp mill, whether the wood coming from the programs are of a lower cost or more expensive to the mill and the influence of land charges in the cost of the wood. The second objective was to identify the reasons for the migration of the pulp producing companies to the Southern Hemisphere. The third objective was to verify the trend in use of forestry partners programs by the pulp mills in Brazil. The theoretical background for this research consist of Michael Porter's Five Competitive Forces Model, for addressing the competitive environment of the pulp and paper industry, and Porter's Three Generic Strategies of Competitive Advantage to provide the foundation for the analysis of the cost components of paper and pulp manufacturing in different regions in the world, the eucalyptus wood cost components and its competitiveness as a fiber resource for pulp production, and the cost competitiveness of forestry partners programs in the supply of eucalyptus wood for pulp manufacturing. Primary data was collected through face-to-face, semi-structured interviews with three experts in the pulp and paper industry, from Pöyry Forest Industry Consulting, and through open, self-administered questionnaires, sent to three experts of the Brazilian forest sector: one professor of forestry at the University of São Paulo, one responsible for the forestry partners programs at the world's leading exporter of market pulp, Aracruz Celulose, and one responsible for the forestry partners programs at Brazil's largest paper and paperboard producer, Klabin. The results of this study show an increasingly important role of fast-growing plantations for the supply of wood to the pulp and paper industry due to its cost competitiveness, which justifies the growing presence of pulp producing companies in the Southern Hemisphere, especially Latin America. The study indicates that the wood derived from forestry partners programs come at a cheaper cost to the mill, than the wood grown in the mill's own plantations. The biggest advantage of forestry partners programs to the pulp mill is, however, the non-mobilization of capital in land. The trend in the use of forestry partners programs is moving upwards, as pulp and paper companies in Brazil seek to enlarge the percentage of wood deriving from the programs to an average of about 20% by the next few years.
"In order for foodservice managers to control costs effectively, they must have a firm grasp of accounting, marketing, and legal issues, as well as an understanding of food and beverage sanitation, production, and service methods. This fully updated sixth edition of Food and Beverage Cost Control provides students and managers with a wealth of comprehensive resources and the specific tools they need to keep costs low and profit margins high"--
Development of an eco- and material-efficient pellet production chain : a chemical study
Green building : benefits from ecological building when attracting potential house builders to the area of Vuores
Resource utilization in the treatment of open angle glaucoma in Finland: an 11-year retrospective analysis
Cost tool to track lean's wastes in manufacturing : Company X, Ltd
Successful outsourcing process  : A study of outsourcing salary administration case study
The relative cost-efficiency of arable nitrogen management in Sweden
Development and evaluation of a lightweight root cause analysis method in software project retrospectives
Creating guidelines for the return of automatic containers from Russia
Financial justification of nondestructive testing : cost of quality in manufacturing
The food sector in transition - Nordic research : proceedings of NJF-seminar no. 313, June 2000
Cost efficiency in international multi-site engagements : case: Capgemini Finland Ltd
Proceedings of the 2004 international forum on design for manufacture and assembly : Providence, Rhode Island, June 22-23, 2004.
Kanban for the shopfloor
Cost control in building contruction : Inhibiting factors and potential improvements
Implementing the European Union emissions trading in Germany and Finland
Implications of EU emission trading in the Nordic countries
"Thirty years after the identification of the disease that became known as AIDS, humanitarian organizations warn that the fight against HIV/AIDS has slowed, amid a funding shortfall and donor fatigue. In this book, Bjr̜n Lomborg brings together research by world-class specialist authors, a foreword by UNAIDS founding director Peter Piot and perspectives from Nobel Laureates and African civil society leaders to identify the most effective ways to tackle the pandemic across sub-Saharan Africa. There remains an alarming lack of high-quality data evaluating responses to HIV. We still know too little about what works, where and how to replicate our successes. This book offers the first comprehensive attempt by teams of authors to analyze HIV/AIDS policy choices using cost-benefit analysis, across six major topics. This approach provides a provocative fresh look at the best ways to scale up the fight against this killer epidemic"--Provided by publisher.
Avoided deforestation : prospects for mitigating climate change
Farm business management: analysis of farming systems
Handbook of research on cost-benefit analysis
Achieving cost efficiency with the 30% greenhouse gas emission reduction target of the EU
Solutions for temperature controlled distribution : case Thermo Electron corporation
Improving cost-efficiency and reducing environmental impacts of intermodal transportation with dry port concept : major rail transport corridor in Baltic Sea Region
Towards increased productivity and quality in software development using agile, lean and collaborative approaches
"The first of its kind--a Value Stream Mapping book written for those in service and office environments who need to streamline operationsValue Stream Mapping is a practical, how-to guide that helps decision-makers improve value stream efficiency in virtually any setting, including construction, energy, financial service, government, healthcare, R&D, retail, and technology. It gives you the tools to address a wider range of important VSM issues than any other such book, including the psychology of change, leadership, creating teams, building consensus, and charter development.Karen Martin is principal consultant for Karen Martin & Associates, LLC, instructor for the University of California, San Diego's Lean Enterprise program, and industry advisor to the University of San Diego's Industrial and Systems Engineering program. Mike Osterling provides support and leadership to manufacturing and non-manufacturing organizations on their Lean Transformation Journey. In a continuous improvement leadership role for six years, Mike played a key role in Square D Company's lean transformation in the 1990s"--
The end of project overruns : lean and beyond for engineering, procurement and construction
Impact analysis of building information modeling on the cost accuracy during the preliminary development stage
Virtualized server platform for a small office
The Financial Times guide to lean : how to streamline your organisation, engage employees and create a competitive edge
Methods for modelling and optimisation of quality properties and costs in food products
Harvesting and handling of flax for the production of short fibres under Swedish conditions : a literature review
The impact of forestry partners programs on the cost of Eucalyptus wood for pulp manufacturing in Brazil
Cost-benefit analysis : concepts and practice
Rethink HIV : smarter ways to invest in ending HIV in Sub-Saharan Africa
The ROI fieldbook
The features of non technical measures and their importance in cost effective abatement of air pollutant emissions : applied to two meta-analyses
Climate change and agriculture : impacts, adaptation and mitigation
