http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2050 navigation
navigation
The complete sailing handbook
Admiralty manual of navigation. Vol. 1.
Automatic rotation and zooming in mobile roadmaps
A field comparison of techniques for location selection on a mobile device
The seventy-four gun ship : a practical treatise on the art of naval architecture. Vol. 4, Manning - shiphandling
Wrinkles in practical navigation
Mistress of science : the story of the remarkable Janet Taylor, pioneer of sea navigation
Seafaring and navigation
A sailing directory for the Ethiopic or South Atlantic Ocean including the coasts of South America and Africa
Pencil, paper and stars : the handbook of traditional & emergency navigation
Dutton's Navigation & Piloting
Coastal navigation for the small boat sailor
Alternatives to map-based pedestrian navigation with location-aware mobile devices
When the first edition of this book was published in 2009, the mandatory carriage of ECDIS had been agreed at IMO but implementation seemed a long way off. On 1 July 2012 a comprehensive rolling phase-in schedule began and this second edition recognises that practical guidance on equipment, training and operational practices is now needed urgently. Everything you need to understand in order to manage this fundamental change from navigating by paper charts to navigating by ECDIS is covered. This theoretical knowledge is made real through contributions from sea-going members of The Nautical Institute who have been using electronic charts for some time. Unsurprisingly, many of these contributions relate to training. Best practice is encapsulated in the industry recommendations for ECDIS training and familiarisation (including a familiarisation checklist), drawn up by a group coordinated by the Institute, which are included as appendices.
Admiralty manual of navigation. Volume 1, the principles of navigation
Maritime navigation and radiocommunication equipment and systems : integrated navigation systems - part 2: modular structure for ins - operational and performance requirements, methods of testing and required test results (IEC 61924-2:2012)
Avionics for the pilot : an introduction to navigational and radio systems for aircraft
The sailing handbook
Seamanship notes
Elements of navigation : a complete exposition of the newest methods as used in the Navy and Merchant Marine
The command companion of seamanship techniques : volume 3
European journal of navigation : the leading journal for systems, services and applications
Effects of positioning aids on understanding the relationship between a mobile map and the environment
Sailing : the complete practical manual : navigation, manoeuvring, knots & rigging
Explanatory supplement to the Astronomical ephemeris and The American ephemeris and Nautical almanac
The DP operators' handbook
Fundamentals of kayak navigation
Dead reckoning : altitude and azimuth table
The complete day skipper : skippering with confidence right from the start
The air pilot's manual. Vol. 3 : Air navigation
Automatic radar plotting aids : Competence assessment
Superyacht master : navigation and radar for the master (yachts) certificate
The complete mathematical and general navigation tables, including every table required with the nautical almanac in finding the latitude and longitude : with an explanation of their construction, use, and application to navigation and nautical astronomy, trigonometry, dialling, gunnery, etc. etc.. Vol. 1
Yacht navigation and voyaging
How to correct your charts the admiralty way
Inner navigation : why we get lost and how we find our way
Modern aids to safe navigation
Bridge resource management: From the Costa Concordia to Navigation in the Digital Age
On navigation simplified
The phases of navigating through ridges with a ship
The Ice Navigation Manual
The anschütz gyro compass : history, description, theory, practical use
Navigation
ECDIS basics : a guide to the operational use of Electronic Chart Display and Information Systems
The yachtsman's navigation manual
The new complete sailing manual
Navigation for school and college
The shorter science and civilisation in China. Volume 3 : A section of volume 4, part 3 of the major series : discovery of the magnetic compass : ships and shipbuilding : voyages and discoveries : navigation : propulsion and steering : techniques of peace and war afloat: an abridgement of Joseph Needham's original text
Admiralty list of radio signals : volume 3, Part 1, 2011/12 : Maritime safety information services: Europe, Africa and Asia (exluding the Far East)
Browsing and navigating web applications with mobile devices
Over the last fifty years, humanity has developed an extraordinary global utility which is omnipresent, universal, and available to all: the Global Positioning System (GPS). A network of twenty-four satellites and their monitoring stations on Earth, it makes possible almost all modern technology, from the smartphone in your pocket to the Mars rover. Neither the internet nor the cloud would work without it. And it is changing us in profound ways we've yet to come to terms with. Pinpoint tells the remarkable story of GPS, from its conceptual origins as a bomb guidance system to its present status as one of the most important technologies in the world. Yet while GPS has brought us breathtakingly accurate methods of timekeeping, navigation, and earthquake tracking, our overwhelming reliance on it is having unexpected consequences on our culture, and on ourselves. GPS is reshaping our thinking about privacy and surveillance, and brings with it the growing danger of GPS terrorism. And neuroscientists have even found that using GPS for navigation may be affecting our cognitive maps - possibly rearranging the grey matter in our heads - leading to the increasingly common phenomenon 'Death by GPS', in which drivers blindly follow their devices into deserts, lakes, and impassable mountains. Deeply researched, inventive and with fascinating insights into the way we think about our place in the world, Pinpoint reveals the way that the technologies we design to help us can end up shaping our lives. It is at once a grand history of science and a far-reaching book about contemporary culture.
Astro navigation made easy
Attitude tables computed for intervals of four minutes between the parallels of latitude 31 and 60 and parallels of declination 0 and 24
Distance run : a history of the patent ship log
DP Operator ́s Handbook 2nd Edition
Adlard Coles Book of Electronic Navigation
Sun's true bearing or Azimuth tables
The Atlantic sailor's handbook
Radio navigation for pilots
Marine electronic navigation
The nautical almanac abridged for the use of seamen for the year 1920
Admiralty manual of navigation. Volume 2, Astro navigation
Ship handling
American practical navigator : an epitome of navigation. Vol. 2, Useful tables, calculations, glossary of marine navigation
The natural navigator : the art of reading nature's own signposts
Methods for determination of the accuracy of surgical guidance devices:a study in the region of neurosurgical interest
Celestial navigation for yachtsmen
The Mariner's New Daily Assistant : containing the application of plane and sperical trigonometry to practical navigation & nautical astronomy..
Context awareness for navigation applications
Brown's tidal streams in twelve charts for each hour of the tide at Dover : showing how the tide is running at any hour around the whole of the British coasts, Ireland and the North Sea
Model course. 1.34, Automatic identification systems
To the sea : sagas of survival and tales of epic challenge on the seven seas
Sailing : a beginner's guide
Modern seamanship
Model course. 1.25, General operator's certificate for the global maritime distress and safety system
The nautical almanac. 1971, for the year 1971
Nautical Almanac 2015 : Commercial Edition
Nautical Almanac 2012 : Commercial Edition
Monitoring Turns Using Radar
The air pilot's manual. Volume 5 : Instrument flying ; Radio navigation aids ; Instrument procedures ; Night flying ; IMC rating ; Night rating
Aircraft communications and navigation systems : principles, maintenance and operation for aircraft engineers and technicians
The nautical almanac : for the year 1991
One girl one dream
Ships' routeing
Reduction to soundings for 1915
Glossary of navigation
The sea chart / the illustrated history of nautical maps and navigation charts
Charts and publications catalogue
The air pilot's manual. Volume 3 : Air navigation
A manual of modern navigation
The mariner's handbook
Results of magnetic observations
The cybernetic model of the bridge environment of a cruise vessel
Legal regime of navigation in the Russian Arctic
The India directory : or directions for sailing to and from the East Indies, China, Australia, and the interjacent ports of Africa and South America. Volume 1.-2
Handbook of position location : theory, practice and advances
The "newest" navigation and aviation altitude and azimuth tables for facilitating the determination of lines of position and geographical position at sea and in the air
Dead reckoning altitude and azimuth table : Ageton
A treatise on practical seamanship
Navigational enterprises in Europe and its empires, 1730-1850
Baltic pilot. Part 3 : the Gulf of Finland, the Åland Islands, the Åland Sea, and the Gulf of Bothnia
Compass devation : syllabus of examination in the laws of devation ..
Ocean yachtmaster : the essential coursebook for the RYA Ocean Yachtmaster certificate
Celestial navigation
The mariner's new calendar : containing the principles of arithmetic and practical geometry; ... Together with exact tables of the sun's place, ... Also the description and use of the sea-quadrant, ..
Brown's sailing directions for the east coast of England and Scotland : ten charts giving courses and distances, lights fog signals and general information : Dungeness to Dunnet Head
Learning to sail - in dinghies or yachts : a no-nonsense guide for beginners of all ages
Navigation tables for mariners and aviators
Cruising guide to Germany and Denmark : passages, harbours and pilotage in the German Bight and the southwest Baltic
Navigation principles of Positioning and guidance
The Annapolis book of seamanship
Short method ex-meridian tables computed for intervals of one minute : between the parallels of latitude 0 and 60 inclusive, with instructions for using the tables in French, German, Spanish, Portoguese, Italian, Dutch, and Scandinavian
The new practical navigator : being a complete epitome of navigation to which are added all the tables requisite for determining the latitude and longitude at sea ..
Pinpoint : how GPS is changing our world
Navigation figure drawing : being an introduction to navigation by means of figure drawing
The navigators' guide to hyperbolic navigation / H. Neville Davies
Principle and application progress in location-based services
Marine gyro compasses for ships' officers
Ubi sumus? : the state of naval and maritime history
The nautical institute on pilotage and shiphandling
These procedures provide recommendations that are designed to accompany a ship's Safety Management System (SMS) regarding the use of ECDIS for navigation, route planning and at sea on passage.
Dynamic positioning systems : principles, design and applications
Dynamic positioning
Progress and new trends in 3D geoinformation sciences
World cruising routes : 1000 sailing routes in all oceans of the world
Safe return to port : Bridge Conference 2011
Inertial navigation systems analysis
Testing two tools for multimodal navigation
The American practical navigator : an epitome of navigation
The compass book : maintain, repair and adjust your own compass
Sight reduction tables for air navigation. Volume 1, Selected stars, epoch 1995.0
Boater's Bowditch : the small craft American practical  navigator
Electronic Aids to Navigation : Position Fixing
When the first edition of this book was published in The objective of this book is to impart practical hands-on knowledge about ECDIS. For less-experienced users, the book will help them to gain a valuable overview of the principles of ECDIS navigation and the related challenges. Meanwhile, it is likely that advanced ECDIS operators will also be able to find new answers and helpful suggestions. Based upon the principles of the IMO Model Course 1.27, the book is suitable for all kinds of ECDIS courses in different settings.
Magnetic compass deviation and correction : a manual of the theory of the deviations and mechanical correction of magnetic compasses in ships
Merchant ship stability : (metric edition) : a companion to "Merchant ship construction"
International Meeting on Radio Aids to Marine Navigation May, 1946. Vol. 2, Radio navigation, radar and position fixing systems for use in marine navigation
The ultimate navigation manual
American sailing craft
Journal of navigation
Basic principles of marine navigation
Tables of computed altitude and azimuth : latitudes 60° to 69°, inclusive. Vol. VII
Uttmark's guide to the United States Local Inspectors Examintion for Masters and Mates of Ocean going steam and sailing ships
A directory for the navigation of the Indian archipelago, China, and Japan, from the Straits of Malacca, and Sunda, and the passages east of Java. To Canton, Sanghai, the Yellow sea, and Japan, with descriptions of the winds, monsoons, and currents, and general instructions for the various channels, and general instructions for the various channels, harbours, etc
Basic astro navigation
The seaman's daily assistant, being a short, easy, and plain method of keeping a journal at sea : in which are contained, rules, shewing how the allowances for leeway, variation, heave of the sea, set of currents, &c. are to be made, and to correct the dead-reckoning by an observation, in all cases: and also the tables that are any ways necessary for the seaman's use in keeping a journal
Compasses in small craft
The complete mathematical and general navigation tables, including every table required with the nautical almanac in finding the latitude and longitude : with copious treatises on navigation, nautical astronomy, plane and spherical trigonometry, dialling, gunnery, etc.. Vol. 2
Baltic pilot. Part 2 : containing directions for the Baltic Sea excluding the Gulf of Finland and Gulf of Bothnia
Marc St Hilaire method for finding a ship's position at sea
Navigation accidents and their causes
Tables of computed altitude and azimuth : latitudes 50° to 59°, inclusive. Vol. VI
Reeds Nautical Almanac : Atlantic Europe from the tip of Denmark to Gibraltar. 2013
Development of Intelligent mobile platform for Decartus system : Mobile video surveillance system
2002 nautical almanac : commercial edition : including November & December 2001.
Useful tables from the American practical navigator
Meteorology for masters and mates
Ocean yachtmaster exercises : exercises in celestial navigation
Marine control systems : guidance, navigation and control of ships, rigs and underwater vehicles
Electronic navigation
Emergency navigation : find your position and shape your course at sea even if your instruments fail
Ship strength and winter navigation. Espoo. January 10-11, 1984.
Compass-wise : or getting to know your compass
From paper charts to ECDIS : a practical voyage plan
