http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20548 natural theology
natural theology
Evil and the evidence for God : the challenge of John Hick's theodicy
How God became African : African spirituality and western secular thought
God's Book of works : the theology of nature and natural theology
John Macquarrie's natural theology : the grace of being
Natural theology in the scientific revolution : God's scientists
A scientific theology. 3, Theory
"This collection of essays in philosophical theology boldly addresses many of the challenges faced by Christian theology in the context of contemporary postmodern thought. Through a series of profound discussions of theology in relation to epistemology, methodology, and science, J. Wentzel van Huyssteen presses the case for a "postfoundationalist theology" as a viable third option beyond the extremes of foundationalism and nonfoundationalism."--Jacket.
"There remains a widespread perception that Charles Darwin's theory of natural selection marked the demise of any viable Christian natural theology - most notably, that of William Paley. But did Darwinism really shake such fundamental beliefs to the core? Or did Darwin's "dangerous idea" instead serve to transform and illuminate our views on the relation between the natural world and the divine? Darwinism and the Divine presents a detailed examination of the implications of evolutionary thought for natural theology, from the publication of On the Origin of Species more than a century-and-a-half ago through to the present day. Integrating and extending the latest scholarly research from across a wide variety of disciplines, world-renowned theologian Alister E. McGrath first explores the forms of natural theology that emerged in England from the late 17th century until 1850, showing us how these views were affected by the advent of Darwin's theories. McGrath offers the most detailed account of the intellectual background to William Paley's natural theology currently available, and offers an informed assessment of the impact of Darwin on such approaches. He then considers how Christian belief has adapted to Darwinism, and whether there is a place for design both in the world of science and the world of theology. Journeying well beyond On the Origin of the Species, Darwinism and the Divine offers a scholarly and thought-provoking consideration of the co-existence of natural theology with Darwinism in today's world"--
Christianity and science : toward a theology of nature
Biology and ideology from Descartes to Dawkins
Human nature and natural law
While confessing belief in God 'the maker of heaven and earth' launches the ancient creeds of the Christian church, the classical concept of creation ex nihilo has been neglected recently. It is thought by many to have little to say about our current needs and circumstances. In these 12 essays, leading scholars from around the world take a fresh look at the concept of creation 'ex nihilo.' The contributors provide a thorough historiography of the concept, paying particular attention to the views of Aquinas, Dante, Luther, Merleau-Ponty, and Bulgakov. They examine the philosophical and theological implications of 'ex nihilo' and its place in modern theology. Delving into topics as varied as prayer, providence, beauty, divine presence, our relation to other creatures, freedom, and grace, this book highlights the ways in which this ancient concept remains vital for the health of modern theology.
The metaphysics of creation : Aquinas's natural theology in Summa contra gentiles II
Biblical faith and natural theology
"Darwinism and the Divine examines the implications of evolutionary thought for natural theology, from the time of publication of Darwin's On the Origin of Species to current debates on creationism and intelligent design. Questions whether Darwin's theory of natural selection really shook our fundamental beliefs, or whether they served to transform and illuminate our views on the origins and meaning of life Identifies the forms of natural theology that emerged in 19th-century England and how they were affected by Darwinism The most detailed study yet of the intellectual background to William Paley's famous and influential approach to natural theology, set out in 1802 Brings together material from a variety of disciplines, including the history of ideas, historical and systematic theology, evolutionary biology, anthropology, sociology, and the cognitive science of religion Considers how Christian belief has adapted to Darwinism, and asks whether there is a place for design both in the world of science and the world of theology A thought-provoking exploration of 21st-century views on evolutionary thought and natural theology, written by the world-renowned theologian and bestselling author"--
The spirit world in the letters of Paul the Apostle : a critical examination of the role of spiritual beings in the authentic Pauline epistles
Religious naturalism today : the rebirth of a forgotten alternative
Religions, reasons and gods : essays in cross-cultural philosophy of religion
Over the course of human history, the sciences, and biology in particular, have often been manipulated to cause immense human suffering. By investigating the past, this book features contributors who hope to better prepare us to discern ideological abuse of science when it occurs in the future.
Creation 'ex nihilo' and modern theology
Schleiermacher on religion and the natural order
A Christian natural theology : based on the thought of Alfred North Whitehead
Naturalism, theism, and the cognitive study of religion : religion explained?
Unmasking the powers : the invisible forces that determine human existence
Natural and divine law : reclaiming the tradition for Christian ethics
Religion and rational theology
The problem of disenchantment : scientific naturalism and esoteric discourse, 1900-1939
Hume on God
Science & religion : a new introduction
The Cambridge companion to science and religion
Over the centuries, scientists, theologians and the general public share many questions about the implications of scientific discoveries for classical religious ideas. Trained both as a physicist and a theologian, Ian Barbour is qualified to examine the relationship between religion and science. It is the sum of all he has learned and taught in his career. He explores creation and the big bang, quantum physics and ultimate reality, evolution and continuing creation, genetics and human nature, God and nature as well as numerous other topics. The book covers all the elements likely to be included in the syllabus of a university course.
Out of water and through water by the word of God : trinitarian theology of water
Karl Barth and the Analogia entis
A fine-tuned universe : the quest for God in science and theology
Hindu God, Christian God : how reason helps break down the boundaries between religions
The realm of the extra-human : agents and audiences
Biblical natural law : a theocentric and teleological approach
Science and religion : a historical introduction
Dialogues concerning natural religion and other writings
"The Oxford Handbook of Natural Theology is the first collection to consider the full breadth of natural theology from both historical and contemporary perspectives and to bring together leading scholars to offer accessible high-level accounts of the major themes. The volume embodies and develops the recent revival of interest in natural theology as a topic of serious critical engagement. Frequently misunderstood or polemicized, natural theology is an under-studied yet persistent and pervasive presence throughout the history of thought about ultimate reality - from the classical Greek theology of the philosophers to twenty-first century debates in science and religion.Of interest to students and scholars from a wide range of disciplines, this authoritative handbook draws on the very best of contemporary scholarship to present a critical overview of the subject area. Thirty eight new essays trace the transformations of natural theology in different historical and religious contexts, the place of natural theology in different philosophical traditions and diverse scientific disciplines, and the various cultural and aesthetic approaches to natural theology to reveal a rich seam of multi-faceted theological reflection rooted in human nature and the environments within which we find ourselves." --Publisher's description.
Ernan McMullin and critical realism in the science-theology dialogue
Christianity and classical culture : the metamorphosis of natural theology in the Christian encounter with Hellenism
The world and the individual : nature, man and the moral order
The Christian vision of God
The Oxford handbook of natural theology
Kierkegaard's Christocentric theology
Being and goodness : the concept of the good in metaphysics and philosophical theology
Reshaping natural theology : seeing nature as creation
Natural religion and the nature of religion : the legacy of deism
Belief in god in an age of science
With the grain of the universe : the church's witness and natural theology
History and the supernatural in medieval England
The encyclopedia of religion and nature. 2, K-Z y 0002
Revelation and story : narrative theology and the centrality of story
Perfecting human actions : St. Thomas Aquinas on human participation in eternal law
The Blackwell companion to natural theology
Darwinism and the divine : evolutionary thought and natural theology
A scientific theology. 1, Nature
From morality to metaphysics : the theistic implications of our ethical commitments
Principal writings on religion including Dialogues concerning natural religion ; and, The natural history of religion
A scientific theology. 2, Reality
A theology of word & spirit : authority & method in theology
Natural signs and knowledge of God : a new look at theistic arguments
The open secret : a new vision for natural theology
The encyclopedia of religion and nature
Essays in postfoundationalist theology
Truth and the reality of God : an essay in natural theology
The metaphysics of theism : Aquinas's natural theology in Summa contra gentiles I
Is there such a thing as natural knowledge of God? C. Stephen Evans presents the case for understanding theistic arguments as expressions of natural signs in order to gain a new perspective both on their strengths and weaknesses. Three classical, much-discussed theistic arguments - cosmological, teleological, and moral - are examined for the natural signs they embody. At the heart of this book lie several relatively simple ideas. One is that if there is a God of the kind accepted by Christians, Jews, and Muslims, then it is likely that a 'natural' knowledge of God is possible. Another is that this knowledge will have two characteristics: it will be both widely available to humans and yet easy to resist. If these principles are right, a new perspective on many of the classical arguments for God's existence becomes possible. We understand why these arguments have for many people a continued appeal but also why they do not constitute conclusive 'proofs' that settle the debate once and for all. Touching on the interplay between these ideas and contemporary scientific theories about the origins of religious belief, particularly the role of natural selection in predisposing humans to form beliefs in God or gods, Evans concludes that these scientific accounts of religious belief are fully consistent, even supportive, of the truth of religious convictions.
The Reformed objection to natural theology
The encyclopedia of religion and nature. 1, A-J y 0001
With the grain of the universe : the church's witness and natural theology : being the Gifford lectures delivered at the University of St. Andrews in 2001
This is an exploration of the relationship between evolutionary psychology, naturalism, and theological reflections, published by ESSSAT, the European Society for the Study of Science and Theology. How natural is religion? Is it a phenomenon written in our genes or brains, naturally developing with the development of the human race? The book considers the findings of evolutionary psychology from scientific, philosophical and theological perspectives and critically examines the relation between empirical, epistemological and theological notions. Chapters in the book deal with the naturalness of religion and religious experiences as based on genetics, biology and social psychology. Other authors examine the relationship between religion, science and theology with regard to the naturalness of religion from a more general perspective. The last part of the book includes views from a Muslim scholar and a historian.
After Aquinas : versions of Thomism
Darwin and the modern world view : the Rockwell lectures, Rice University
Rational faith : Catholic responses to Reformed epistemology
Seeing nature as creation : how anti-Cartesian philosophy of mind and perception reshapes natural theology
The order of things : explorations in scientific theology
Intelligent design : a theological and philosophical analysis
Kant on God
Philosophy and religion
The God of the philosophers
Narrative and the natural law : an interpretation of Thomistic ethics
A natural theology of the arts : imprint of the spirit
Calvin's doctrine of man
