http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20567 biometeorology
biometeorology
"This book on Terrestrial Hydrometeorology is needed because there is currently no single graduate level text with sufficient breadth across the hydrological and meteorological sciences that provides understanding with sufficient depth and detail in both disciples for use (a) in hydrology departments to teach relevant aspects of meteorology; (b) in meteorological departments to teach relevant aspects of surface hydrology; and (c) to teach the emerging discipline of hydrometeorology".
Analysis of biogeochemical cycling processes in Walker Branch Watershed
Phenology in seasonal climates I
Micrometeorology
Biometeorology : proceedings of the Third International Biometeorological Congress held at Pau, S. France, 1-7 September 1963, organized by the International Society of Biometeorology. Volume 2, part 1
Ecological climatology : concepts and applications
Weather and life : an introduction to biometeorology
Biometeorology : proceedings of the Third International Biometeorological Congress held at Pau, S. France, 1-7 September 1963, organized by the International Society of Biometeorology. Volume 2, part 2
re-greening the desert, afforestation and organic agriculture and active storage of atmospheric carbon emissions within agricultural soils. This book demonstrates that investment in renewable energies and a sustainable economy is not only a worthwhile cause but also has an economic value. The book introduces new actors such as the financial industry as an investor and political actor. If the financial industry becomes a political actor and calls for a necessary regulatory framework, more nations will follow - accompanied by an economic benefit - which will create a class of pioneer nations instead of the ever failing project of a global climate agreement. The transformation of the world economy can be accelerated through the right political measures. Active legislative support is necessary, for example the implementation of Feed-in-Tariffs for renewable energies, ending all subsidies for fossil fuels and the internalization of external damage costs such as nuclear waste management.^
Carbon dioxide exchange in subarctic ecosystems measured by a micrometeorological technique
"Biometeorology has long been concerned with describing and understanding the impacts of weather and climate on humans and their activities and the natural (biosphere) system. Applied biometeorologists have focused on how best to prepare for and cope with weather and climate abnormalities. However they have tended to pursue their research in relative isolation from each other. There is now a need to better understand the commonalities as well as the differences within the broad field of applied biometeorology. The driving force is that biometeorologists are faced with a common problem - how best to provide advice on how to adapt to or cope with climate change. Adaptation is a cross cutting theme. It is an issue which biometeorologists are increasingly engaging with and learning about from each other. Biometeorology because of its focus on the sensitivity of human and biophysical systems to atmospheric variations and change clearly has something to contribute to the wider agenda of managing the impacts of climate change. The purpose of this collection of papers on biometeorology and adaptation is therefore to: Communicate some of the basic ideas and concepts of the sub-fields of biometeorology as they relate to climate change. Explore ideas, concepts, and practice within the field of biometeorology that may be developed in common. Provide a basis for a new vision for biometeorology that will help to communicate its understanding and expertise, as well as enhance its utility."--Back cover.
Biometeorological methods
Biometeorology for adaptation to climate variability and change
Principles of environmental physics
Applied agrometeorology
Terrestrial hydrometeorology
Global cooling : strategies for climate protection
Natural processes and human impacts : interactions between humanity and the environment
"Both hydrologists and meteorologists need to speak a common scientific language, and this has given rise to the new scientific discipline of hydrometeorology, which deals with the transfer of water and energy across the land/atmosphere interface.Terrestrial Hydrometeorology is the first graduate-level text with sufficient breadth and depth to be used in hydrology departments to teach relevant aspects of meteorology, and in meteorological departments to teach relevant aspects of hydrology, and to serve as an introductory text to teach the emerging discipline of hydrometeorology.The book will be essential reading for graduate students studying surface water hydrology, meteorology, and hydrometeorology. It can also be used in advanced undergraduate courses, and will be welcomed by academic and professional hydrologists and meteorologists worldwide".
This book redefines climate protection measures and readjusts climate protection targets in line with what is scientifically necessary and economically feasible. The reader is provided with an overview of recent developments and failings in, and successful instruments for, fighting climate change and global warming. Effective climate protection measures rest on two pillars: stopping all greenhouse gas emissions and cleaning the atmosphere of spare carbon. Both are possible, if the use of fossil fuels in the energy, transport, construction and chemistry sectors is terminated and the decision is made to consistently switch to a world economy with zero emissions instead. Global Feed-in-Tariffs can provide incentives for renewable energies as the German Feed-in-Tariff has proven - a measure which has been copied by almost 70 nations around the world. At the same time agricultural practices are necessary to support an increase in biodiversity, e.g.Global warming does not have to be our inescapable fate. If mankind pursues the right climate protection strategies, the earth can be cooled down to an acceptable level in a few decades.
Forests at the land-atmosphere interface
