http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2055 warming
warming
Boreal populations facing climatic and habitat changes
The soil will save us! : how scientists, farmers, and foodies are healing the soil to save the planet
A political theology of climate change
Anthropology and climate change : from encounters to actions
Global warming in the 21st century. 2, Melting ice and warming seas
Six degrees : our future on a hotter planet
Eaarth : making a life on a tough new planet
The range expansion of the European map butterfly in Finland
Observing and modeling earth's energy flows
Managing institutional complexity : regime interplay and global environmental change
Effects of herbivory and climate change factors on BVOC emissions from boreal conifers
Windfall : the booming business of global warming
Argues that a large-scale shift in Earth's climate is unavoidable and explains how humans should live if they are going to sustain themselves on the new planet that their mistakes have created.
Effects of climate change and simulated herbivory on growth responses and leaf characteristics of silver birch (Betula pendula) seedlings
Observations on environmental change in South Africa
Heat Conduction & Heat Pump Technologies
The drowned world
Phenolic responses of mountain crowberry (Empetrum nigrum ssp. hermaphroditum) to global climate change are compound specific and depend on grazing by reindeer (Tarandus tarandus)
Aerosol processes in polar regions : from formation to climatic implications
Global warming in the 21st century. 3, Plants and animals in peril
CO2-balance in the athmosphere and CO2-utilisation:an engineering approach
Much current commentary on climate change, both secular and theological, focuses on the duties of individual citizens to reduce their consumption of fossil fuels. In A Political Theology of Climate Change, however, Michael Northcott discusses nations as key agents in the climate crisis. Against the anti-national trend of contemporary political theology, Northcott renarrates the origins of the nations in the divine ordering of history. In dialogue with Giambattista Vico, Carl Schmitt, Alasdair MacIntyre, and other writers, he argues that nations have legal and moral responsibilities to rule over limited terrains and to guard a just and fair distribution of the fruits of the earth within the ecological limits of those terrains. As part of his study, Northcott brilliantly reveals how the prevalent nature-culture divide in Western culture, including its notion of nature as "private property," has contributed to the global ecological crisis. While addressing real difficulties and global controversies surrounding climate change, Northcott presents substantial and persuasive fare in his Political Theology of Climate Change. -- Publisher
Global warming : understanding the forecast
Eco barons : the dreamers, schemers, and millionaires who are saving our planet
Boreal and subarctic soils under climatic change
Climate change : a very short introduction
Global warming in the 21st century. 1, Our evolving climate crisis
Climate warming and health adaptation in Finland
Global warming for dummies
Demonstrating the environmental issues of developing countries through mathematic procedures
Our living earth : a next generation guide to people and preservation
Encyclopedia of global warming and climate change
EU action against climate change : leading global action to 2020 and beyond
What about China? : answers to this and other awkward questions about climate change
Feeling the heat : dispatches from the frontlines of climate change
Arctic shipping emissions in the changing climate
The role of pollen in the changing environmental conditions of Scots pine
Esiselvitys ilmastonmuutokseen sopeutumisesta Suomessa = A preliminary examination of adaptation to climate change in Finland
The impact of abrupt suspension of solar radiation management (termination effect) in experiment G2 of the Geoengineering Model Intercomparison Project (GeoMIP)
The weather makers : how man is changing the climate and what it means for life on Earth
Rough guide to climate change
What scorching weather!
Hot house : global climate change and the human condition
The warming papers : the scientific foundation for the climate change forecast
The world tomorrow : scenarios of global catastrophe
Hot, flat and crowded : why the world needs a green revolution - and how we can renew our global future
Interdisciplinary aspects of climate change
Clay minerals in response to Mid-Pliocene glacial history and climate in the polar regions (ODP, Site 1165, Prydz Bay, Antarctica and Site 911, Yermak Plateau, Arctic Ocean)
Hot air
"This book argues that in spite of extreme views in the media, reasonable scientists agree that human activity has significantly increased greenhouse gases in the atmosphere (dramatically so since the 1970s), and that there is good reason for concern. Kerry Emanuel explains the basic science of global warming to non-experts and shows why it is very difficult to predict when it will have a dramatic effect on the climate. Nonetheless, change will come. Emanuel warns of more intense hurricanes, flooding, and the advancing of deserts, and he calls for urgent action to reduce greenhouse gases. He also blasts the media for underreporting the dangers of global warming: in search of a "balanced" story, journalists have turned to extremists in the scientific community to find people who will deny the problem. In addition, he suggests some solutions for reducing the threat of global warming. The second edition is updated throughout and covers two main developments that have occurred since publication of the first edition. The first development is the next round of the International Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) climate simulations, Assessment Report Five (AR5), which will provide an update on projections of climate change in the future. The second development is the so-called climategate incident and the subsequent collapse of U.S. popular and political support for dealing with climate change. This is mostly a political phenomenon, and Emanuel provides some insight into what happened and the consequences going forward"--Provided by publisher.
Heatstroke : nature in an age of global warming
Global warming : the Greenpeace report
Permafrost in our time : community-based permafrost temperature archive
Adapting agriculture to climate change
Boiling point : how politicians, big oil and coal, journalists, and activists are fueling the climate crisis - and what we can do to avert disaster
Earth in the hot seat : bulletins from a warming world
The last generation : how nature will take revenge for man-made climate change
"Global warming is arguably the defining scientific issue of modern times, but it is not widely appreciated that the foundations of our understanding were laid almost two centuries ago with the postulation of a greenhouse effect by Fourier in 1827. The sensitivity of climate to changes in atmospheric CO2 was first estimated about one century ago, and the rise in atmospheric CO2 concentration was discovered half a century ago. The fundamentals of the science underlying the forecast for human-induced climate change were being published and debated long before the issue rose to public prominence in the last few decades. The Warming Papers is a compendium of the classic scientific papers that constitute the foundation of the global warming forecast. The paper trail ranges from Fourier and Arrhenius in the 19th Century to Manabe and Hansen in modern times. Archer and Pierrehumbert provide introductions and commentary which places the papers in their context and provide students with tools to develop and extend their understanding of the subject. The book capture the excitement and the uncertainty that always exist at the cutting edge of research, and is invaluable reading for students of climate science, scientists, historians of science, and others interested in climate change"--
Planet in peril!
Climate change and prolongation of growing season : changes in regional for field crop production in Finland
The real global warming disaster : is the obsession with 'climate change' turning out the be the most costly scientific blunder in history?
The climate fix : what scientists and politicians won't tell you about global warming
Unprecedented low twentieth century winter sea ice extent in the Western Nordic Seas since A.D. 1200
Our simmering planet : what to do about global warming?
Cool it : the skeptical environmentalist's guide to global warming
Global warning : the last chance for change
Carbon strategies : how leading companies are reducing their climate change footprint
Keeping up expert appearances : an analysis of the textual construction of expertise in the debate on global warming
Global warning - global warming : a review of recent publications proposing strategies to combat climate change
Responses of non-methane biogenic volatile organic compound emissions to climate change in boreal and subarctic ecosystems
Unstoppable global warming : every 1500 years
Field notes from a catastrophe : a frontline report on climate change
The global warming reader : a century of writing about climate change
Pine (Pinus sylvestris) treeline dynamics during the past millennium : a population study in west-central Sweden
Under a green sky : global warming, the mass extinctions of the past, and what they can tell us about  our future
Environmental management report : trends and best practice in climate change
Scared to death : from BSE to global warming - how scares are costing us the earth
Heaven and earth : global warming, the missing science
The economics of climate change
Fluxes of nitrous oxide on natural peatlands in Vuotos, an area projected for a hydroelectric reservoir in northern Finland
Atmospheric methane : its role in the global environment
How to turn your parents green
Sixo degrees could change the world
Climate change
A farewell to ice
66 ways to absorb carbon and improve the earth's reflectivity : from reasonable options to mad scientist solutions
Perspectives on climate change: Science, economics, politics, ethics
What we know about climate change
RETU : the Finnish Research Programme on Reactor Safety 1995-1998, final symposium, Espoo, Finland, November 24th, 1998
The deniers : the world-renowned scientists who stood up against global warming hysteria, political persecution, and fraud* and those who are too fearful to do so
The God species : how the planet can survive the age of humans
Finnish summary.
Beyond terror : the truth about the real threats to our world
Our choice : how we can solve the climate crisis
Ecosystem-level consequences of climate warming in tundra under differing grazing pressures by reindeer
In October 2006, Nicholas Stern, one of the greatest economists and public intellectuals of our day, made headlines around the world with his report, which reviewed the costs and benefits of dealing with global warming. The world's community has learned that it must act to mitigate global climate change, but until the Stern Review, no one knew how much it would cost, and how to do it. Now, Stern has transformed his report into a powerful narrative book for general readers. The Global Deal evaluates the economic future, and the essential steps we must take to protect growth and reduce poverty while managing climate change. The future Stern outlines is optimistic and pragmatic; he believes we have the capacity and creativity to change. But we need the will to inspire our political leaders to drive a new global strategy.
Policy implications of greenhouse warming : synthesis panel
A world without ice
Wool
"Global warming is arguably the defining scientific issue of modern times, but it is not widely appreciated that the foundations of our understanding were laid almost two centuries ago with the postulation of a greenhouse effect by Fourier in 1827. The sensitivity of climate to changes in atmospheric CO2 was first estimated about one century ago, and the rise in atmospheric CO2 concentration was discovered half a century ago.  The fundamentals of the science underlying the forecast for human-induced climate change were being  published and debated long before the issue rose to public prominence in the last few decades.The Warming Papers is a compendium of the classic scientific papers that constitute the foundation of the global warming forecast.  The paper trail ranges from Fourier and Arrhenius in the 19th Century  to Manabe and Hansen in modern times. Archer and Pierrehumbert provide introductions and commentary which places the papers in their context and provide students with tools to develop and extend their understanding of the subject.The book capture the excitement and the uncertainty that always exist at the cutting edge of research, and is invaluable reading for students of climate science, scientists, historians of science, and others interested in climate change"--
The gobal deal : climate change and the creation of a new era of progress and prosperity
Global warming : who is taking the heat?
Implementing the climate regime : international compliance
How much are people willing to do : Finns and climate change
Biological interactions in the boreal ecosystem under climate change : are the vole and predator cycles disappearing?
The Sherpa people's observations on climate change in the Solu-Khumbu region in the Highlands of Nepal
Global change in multispecies systems. Part 1
Modeling of residual stresses and distortion due to welding in fillet welds
An inconvenient truth : a global warning
Global warming and East Asia : the domestic and international politics of climate change
Global warming : the complete briefing
Natural climate variability and global warming : a Holocene perspective
Global change and local places : estimating, understanding, and reducing greenhouse gases
The story of the remarkable visionaries who have quietly dedicated their lives and their fortunes to saving the planet from ecological destruction. While many people remain paralyzed by the scope of Earth's environmental woes, eco barons--a new and largely unheralded generation of Rockefellers and Carnegies--are having spectacular success saving forests and wildlands, pulling endangered species back from the brink, and pioneering the clean and green technologies needed if life and civilization are to endure. Journalist Humes tells of the former fashion magnate who has saved more rainforests than any other person, the college professor who patented the plug-in hybrid car, the impoverished owl wranglers who founded the nation's most effective environmental group, and the former Hollywood pool cleaner who became the guiding force behind a worldwide effort to reduce greenhouse gas emissions. This book proves that one person with determination and vision can make a difference.--From publisher description.
Heat Conduction : Fourth Edition
Global change in multispecies systems. Part 2
The hot topic : how to tackle global warming and still keep the lights on
Global warming is good for business : how savvy entrepreneurs, large corporations, and others are making money while saving the planet
Climate : the force that shapes our world - and the future of life on Earth
Kicking the carbon habit : global warming and the case for renewable and nuclear energy
The satanic gases : clearing the air about global warming
Impacts of a warming Arctic : highlights : [ACIA, Arctic Climate Impact Assessment]
"The Permafrost/Active Layer Monitoring Program is an ongoing project that builds on work begun in 2005 to establish long-term permafrost and active layer monitoring sites adjacent to schools in Alaska and in the circumpolar permafrost region (Russia, Norway, China, Mongolia, Japan, Canada and Greenland). Over three hundred schools (red dots in globe) are involved in the project. The monitoring sites collect temperature measurement data on permafrost and the length and depth of the active layer. This information is important because changes in permafrost conditions affect local ecosystems and hydrological regimes, and can influence the severity on natural disasters"--page 4 of cover.
