http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20527 international industrial property
international industrial property
New technologies, global markets and territoriality of laws : a challenge for intellectual property
Industrial property rights
Are drugs produced under compulsory license free from article 31(f) limitations? : solution to "paragraph 6" problem
TRIPs agreement : geographical indications
Global intellectual property rights : knowledge, access, and development
Intellectual property : patents, copyright, trade marks and allied rights
Globalizing intellectual property rights : the TRIPs agreement
Foreign investment in the People's Republic of China : a detailed legal and practical analysis of permissible forms of investment and commercial transactions
The international political economy of intellectual property rights
Monopolising names? : the protection of geographical indications in the European Community
On international construction and project export contracts
Doing Business 2016 is the 13th publication in a series of annual reports comparing business regulation in 189 economies. This year the publication addresses regulations affecting 11 areas of everyday business activity including: Starting a business Dealing with construction permits Getting electricity Registering property Getting credit Protecting minority investors Paying taxes Trading across borders Enforcing contracts Resolving insolvency Labor market regulations Doing Business 2016 updates all indicators as of June 1, 2015, ranks economies on their overall ease of doing business, and analyzes reforms to business regulation identifying which economies are strengthening their business environment the most. This report illustrates how reforms in business regulations are being used to analyze economic outcomes for domestic entrepreneurs and for the wider economy. It is a flagship product produced by the World Bank Group that garners worldwide attention on regulatory barriers to entrepreneurship. More than 60 economies have used the Doing Business indicators to shape reform agendas and monitor improvements on the ground. In addition, the Doing Business data has generated over 2,000 articles in peer-reviewed academic journals since its inception.
International technology transfers
AIPPI 1984 symposium on the topic strategy and tactics in patent litigation on september 12-14, 1984 at hotel Kalastajatorppa Helsinki, Finland
ʺThe average expertʺ : AIPPI Symposium, Helsinki, Finland, September 16-18, 1981 : symposium lectures I.
The Biotech directive from a Finnish point of view
Export-import theory, practices, and procedures
The EEC and intellectual property
Trade related aspects of intellectual property rights : a commentary on the TRIPS agreement
The law of information technology in Europe 1992 : a comparison with the USA
Intellectual property
Doing business safely in China
Patenting across borders : Comparative study on procurement of foreign patents via Paris and PCT routes
Intellectual property and private international law
Executive summary (s. 10-11).
Transatlantic regulatory cooperation : legal problems and political prospects
Strategic issues of industrial property management in a globalizing economy : abstracts & selected papers
Sources of international uniform law = Sources du droit uniforme international = Quellen des internationalen Einheitsrechts. Vol. 3-A, First supplement, Law of copyright, competition, and industrial property = Droit de la propriété intellectuelle et de la Concurrence = Immateriagüter- und Wettbewerbsrecht
Comparative report on force majeure in Western Europe
Law applicable to contracts on intellectual and industrial property rights in the absence of choice : comparing EU and Japanese law
Trading in knowledge : development perspectives on TRIPS, trade, and sustainability
Interfaces on trial : intellectual property and interoperability in the global software industry
The legal framework of TRIPS compulsory licence system reflected on access to medicines
Cross-border enforcement of patent rights : an analysis of the interface between intellectual property and private international law
Comparative gastronomy: legal and cultural framework
Technological change and regulatory heterogeneity : a comparative study on patent infringement analysis in the US, Japan and Korea
Intellectual property rights, external effects and antitrust law : leveraging IPRs in the communications industry
Innovation and the intellectual property system
AIPPI Tallinn 1997 second baltic IPR confrence "news on trade marks"
International licensing agreements
Cases and materials on E.C. competition law
The TRIPS regime of patent rights
Trademarks : legal and business aspects
The TRIPS agreement : drafting history and analysis
"New intellectual property regimes are entrenching new inequalities. Access to information is fundamental to so much of modern life - from the exercise of human rights to marketplace competition - but patents are being used to lock up vital educational, software, genetic and other information. The result will be a global property order dominated by a multinational knowledge elite - an elite that expropriates anything from AIDS drugs for Africa, seeds for developing-world farmers, to information on the human genome." "How did rules governing intellectual property become part of the World trade Organization's free trade' agreements? How have these rules changed the knowledge game for international business? What are the consequences for the ownership of biotechnology and digital technology, and for all those who will have to pay for what was once shared information? Who will be the global winners and losers?" "Based on extensive interviews with key players, Information Feudalism tells the story of these profound transformations in information ownership. It argues that in the globalized information society, the rich have found new ways to rob the poor, but shows how intellectual property rights can and must be more democratically defined."--BOOK JACKET.
The TRIPS agreement as a response to a global reality? : new international IPRs and conflict mediation
Introduction to intellectual property : theory and practice
Low-carbon technology transfer : from rhetoric to reality
Patents, trademarks, and related rights : national and international protection. Volume 1-3
International IP infringements and alternative dispute resolution
Guide on the industrial property activities of enterprises in developing countries : revised and expanded version
Chinese intellectual property and technology laws
Danish business law
European and international patent applications : questions and answers
Intellectual property beyond rights
Intellectual property laws of Europe
Intellectual property in Europe
International encyclopedia of comparative law : under the auspices of the International Association of Legal Science. Volume 14, Copyright and industrial property : Chapter 1, General questions - the international conventions
Abstract.
Yearbook
How to leverage intellectual property rights : intellectual property rights, external effects and antitrust in the communication industry
Perspectives on plagiarism and intellectual property in a postmodern world
Industrial relations in Europe 2000 : employment & social affairs
Globalization and the concept of intellectual property
Intellectual property rights : a critical history
Industrial relations in Europe
Forms and agreements on intellectual property and international licensing
Doing business 2016 : measuring regulatory quality and efficiency : comparing business regulation for domestic firms in 189 economies : a World Bank Group flagship report
The international protection of industrial designs
First, true and joint inventors
Sources of international uniform law = Sources du droit uniforme international = Quellen des internationalen Einheitsrechts. Vol. 3, Law of copyright, competition, and industrial property = Droit de la propriété intellectuelle et de la Concurrence = Immateriagüter- und Wettbewerbsrecht
Common regulations under the Madrid Agreement concerning the international registration of marks and the protocol relating to that agreement : adopted by the Assembly of the Madrid Union with effect from April 1, 1996
AIPPI 1977 symposium on employees inventions at the Hotel Kalastajatorppa in Helsinki, September 15-17, 1977
Protecting immaterial property in East-West trade
Principles of patent law : cases and materials
The Agreement on the European Economic Area (EEA) : a guide to the free movement of goods and competition rules
Paris Convention for the Protection of Industrial Property of March 20, 1883, as revised at Brussels on December 14, 1900, at Washington on June 2, 1911, at The Hague on November 6, 1925, at London on June 2, 1934, at Lisbon on October 31, 1958, and at Stockholm on July 14, 1967.
Information feudalism : who owns the knowledge economy?
AIPPI yearbook
TRIPs agreement : copyright and related rights
European patent law : law and procedure under the EPC and PCT
International encyclopedia of comparative law : under the auspices of the International Association of Legal Science. Volume 3, Private international law : chapter 22, industrial and intellectual property : chapter 23, trusts
Trade based approaches to the protection of intellectual property
International copyright : principles, law and practice
Patent licensing in Europe
