http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20506 forensic pathologists
forensic pathologists
The abuse of medicine and psychiatry in treatment of detained persons
Law, ethics, and medicine : studies in medical law
ADVENTURE / THRILLER. The last time criminal psychology expert Dr Charlotte 'Charlie' Stone helped capture a serial killer, it was nearly the last thing she ever did. Now she's determined to stick to research - and leave risk-taking to the law. But when dangerous duty calls, she can't refuse. And there's no greater danger than the 'Cinderella Killer', a charming predator who lures beautiful, single women to their deaths. FBI agent Lena Kaminsky fears her missing sister has fallen prey to the seductive psychopath, and desperately needs Charlie's unique skills before it's too late. Joined by Special Agents Tony Bartoli, Buzz Crane - and her ghostly bad-boy lover, Michael Garland - Charlie heads to Vegas to track down Lena's sister before the Cinderella Killer seals her fate. But it's Charlie who ends up gambling with her life, when the lethal lothario decides she's just his type ...
Staying alive : how to get the best from the NHS
A history and theory of informed consent
Euthanasia, ethics, and public policy : an argument against legalisation
Butterworths medico-legal encyclopedia
The Scarpetta factor
The last victim : a novel
Mountains beyond mountains
Critical studies in philosophical medical ethics
Arthur & George
Forensics : the anatomy of crime
You belong to me
Patient autonomy and the ethics of responsibility
Division for higher education and research : handbook on medicine and human rights : Finnish national report
Principles of medical law. Fourth cumulative supplement, Bringing the main text up to date to 1 September 2001
Intervention
Her last whisper
The law-medicine relation : a philosophical exploration
International medical malpractice law : a comparative study of civil liability arising from medical care
Medical responsibility in Western Europe : research study of the European Science Foundation
Medical ethics
Toxin
The last time I saw her
Legal aspects of medical practice
Depraved heart
Criminal and civil liability of professionals - present situation and future prospects regarding the concepts of negligence and risk : proceedings : 22nd Colloquy on European Law, La Laguna, Tenerife, 17-19 November 1992.
Beat the reaper : a novel
Text, cases and materials on medical law
Death mask
War or health? : a reader
Law and medical ethics
Blow fly
The patient as partner : a theory of human-experimentation ethics
Medical law : an introduction
"Mountains Beyond Mountains" takes us from Harvard to Haiti, Peru, Cuba and Russia, as the charismatic but flawed genius Dr Paul Farmer challenges widely-held preconceptions about poverty and healthcare. As a medical student, Farmer found his life's calling: to cure infectious diseases and to bring the lifesaving tools of modern medicine - so readily available in the developed world - to those who need them most. Beginning in Haiti, he tackles the conditions that contribute to so many unnecessary deaths with his trademark combination of world-class expertise, unlimited compassion, and the unstinting dedication of friends and colleagues. Tracy Kidder's magnificent and moving account shows how, from achieving this modest dream, one person can make a difference in solving global problems through a clear-eyed understanding of the interaction of politics, wealth, social systems and medicine.
Ethics of animal use
The calling of the grave
The last time I saw her : a novel
The bone bed
Totuuden anatomia = Body of proof. 2. tuotantokausi
"Arthur and George grow up worlds apart in late nineteenth-century Britain: Arthur in shabby-genteel Edinburgh. George in the vicarage of a small Staffordshire village. Arthur becomes a doctor, then a writer: George a solicitor in Birmingham. Arthur is to be come one of the most famous men of his age, while George remains in hard-working obscurity. But as the new century begins, they are brought together by a sequence of events that made sensational headlines at the time as The Great Wyrley Outrages. With a mixture of intense research and vivid imagination, Julian Barnes brings into sharp focus not just this long-forgotten case but the inner workings of these two very different men. This is a novel in which the events of a hundred years ago constantly set off contemporary echoes, a novel about low crime and high spirituality, guilt and innocence, identity, nationality and race. Most of all it is a profound and moving meditation on the fateful differences between what we believe, what we know and what we can prove. -- (Back Cover)
Principles of medical law
Child sexual abuse : interpreting medical statement conclusions and biological evidence detection in the criminal legal process
The role and status of international humanitarian volunteers and organizations : the right and duty to humanitarian assistance
Acid Row
Medical data protection in the scope of the right to private life (article 8 of the ECHR) and European Union regulation : comparative analysis
Whispers of the dead
Flesh and blood
Summer house with swimming pool
Medical confidentiality and crime
The winter of the lions
Use of medicines in children : a perspective on drug-related problems
Principles of medical law. First supplement, Bringing the main text up to date to 1 July 1998
Her last whisper : a novel
Book of the dead
The courts and the doctor
