http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20586 bacteriology
bacteriology
Dacryocystorhinostomy : prospective comparison of three dacryocystorhinostomy techniques in treatment of primary acquired nasolacrimal sac and duct obstruction in adults
Bacteriology and severe complications of otitis media
Mackie & McCartney's handbook of bacteriology : a guide to the laboratory diagnosis and control of infection
Prokaryotic genetics : genome organization, transfer and plasticity
Population dynamics in marine bacterioplankton
Bailey and Scott's Diagnostic microbiology
Enhanced antibacterial action of bacteriocin producing cells by binding to the target pathogen
Bacteria in Britain, 1880-1939
Escherichia coli and Salmonella : cellular and molecular biology. Vol. 2
Plasmid-mediated beta-lactamase resistance in gram-negative bacilli : detection of beta-lactamase genes and beta-lactamases by using DNA-hybridization and isoelectric focusing
Robert Koch : a life in medicine and bacteriology
Instant notes in medical microbiology
Topley & Wilson's principles of bacteriology, virology and immunity. Vol. 4, Virology
Topley & Wilson's principles of bacteriology, virology and immunity. Vol. 1, General bacteriology and immunity
Biotechnical oxidation of D-xylose and hemicellulose hydrolyzates by Gluconobacter oxydans
Training manuals for entomology : arachnology nematology mycology & phytobacteriology
Bacterial physiology and metabolism
Techniques in microbiology : a student handbook
Topley & Wilson's principles of bacteriology, virology and immunity. Vol. 3, Bacterial diseases
Clinical bacteriology
Bacteriological analytical manual : supplement September 1987.
Dairy bacteriology
Bacteria in biology, biotechnology, and medicine
Bergey's manual of systematic bacteriology. Vol. 2
Veterinary bacteriology and virology
Protein transport in Bacillus subtilis
L-tryptophan overproduction in Escherichia coli : construction of specialized strains and studies of vector stability
Laboratory disease : Robert Koch's medical bacteriology
Methods for general and molecular bacteriology
Fundamental principles of bacteriology
Microbiology of food and animal feeding stuffs : Protocol for the validitation of alternative methods = Microbiologie des aliments : protocole pour la validation des méthodes alternatives
Nucleic acid techniques in bacterial systematics
Septicaemic listeriosis in reindeer calves : a case report
The bacteriology of enterobacteriaceae : collected studies of the author and his co-workers
Phytobacteriology : principles and practice
Essentials of veterinary bacteriology and mycology
Journal of bacteriology
Basic laboratory procedures in clinical bacteriology
Foodborne pathogens : an illustrated text
The Prokaryotes : a handbook on the biology of bacteria. Volume 7 : Proteobacteria: delta and epsilon subclasses. Deeply rooting bacteria
The life of poo, or, Why you should think twice about shaking hands (especially with men)
The bacteriology of the small intestinal mucosa of free-living reindeer
Microbiology and infection
Acute pulmonary toxicity of inhaled endotoxins
Topley and Wilson's principles of bacteriology and immunity. Vol. 2
Molecular bacteriology : protocols and clinical applications
Bacterial spoilage process in bread during storage : studies on the microbiology and the chemical changes in 'ropy' and 'slimy' barley bread
Microbiology for nurses
Medical bacteriology : a practical approach
Medical microbiology illustrated
Functional implications of macromolecular recognition : assembly of adhesive pili and enzyme substrate interactions
Microbiology : PreTest self-assessment and review
Implications of bacterial viruses on pathogenic bacteria : from natural microbial communities to therapeutic applications
Lipopolysaccharide of Yersinia enterocolitica : molecular genetics and role of virulence
Modern bacteriophage biology and biotechnology : 2006
Distribution of bacteria and seasonal and regional effects in a new database for mastitis pathogens in Finland
Handbook of bacterial adhesion : principles, methods and applications
I contain multitudes : the microbes within us and a grander view of life
Regulation of cytokine gene expression by Gram-positive bacteria
Abstract.
Medical microbiology and infection at a glance
The science of laboratory diagnosis
Hare's Bacteriology and Immunity for Nurses
The Clostridia : Molecular biology and pathogenesis
Bergey's manual of systematic bacteriology. Vol. 3
Manual of clinical microbiology
Bergey's manual of systematic bacteriology. Vol. 4
The life of bacteria : their growth, metabolism, and relationships
A photographic atlas for the microbiology laboratory
Bacteriological examinations in maxillary sinusitis
Topley & Wilson's principles of bacteriology, virology and immunity. Vol. 2, Systematic bacteriology
Clinical microbiology : an introduction for healthcare professionals
Manual of basic techniques for a health laboratory
Essentials of the microbiology of foods : a textbook for advanced studies
Studies on thermophilic bacteria of the genus Bacillus Cohn
Escherichia coli and Salmonella : cellular and molecular biology. Vol. 1
Bacteria in biology, biotechnology and medicine
Bergey's manual of systematic bacteriology. Vol. 4, the bacteroidetes, spirochaetes, tenericutes (mollicutes), acidobacteria, fibrobacteres, fusobacteria, dictyoglomi, gemmatimonadetes, lentisphaerae, verrucomicrobia, chlamydiae, and planctomycetes
Aerobic sporeforming bacteria
Microbiology and infection : a clinical core text for integrated curricula with self-assessment
Genome organization and transcriptional regulation of bacteriophage PM2
Enterobacteriaceae : collected studies on Salmonella, Arizona, Escherichia (including Alkalescens-Dispar and Bethesda-Ballerup), Klebsiella, Cloaca, Hafnia, Shigella, Proteus and Providencia
An introduction to bacterial physiology
Antimicrobial resistance in enterobacteria of non-clinical origin
The Escherichia coli G-fimbrial lectin protein participates both in fimbrial biogenesis and in recognition of the receptor N-acetyl-D-glucosamine
Bailey & Scott's diagnostic microbiology
Escherichia coli and Salmonella typhimurium : cellular and molecular biology
The lactic acid bacteria. 2, The genera of lactic acid bacteria
Biological effects of the thermostable β-exotoxin produced by different serotypes of Bacillus thuringiensis
Molecular identification and characterisation of bifidobacteria and lactobacilli in the human gastrointestinal tract
Topley & Wilson's principles of bacteriology, virology and immunity. Vol. 5, Cumulative index
Structural proteins of mycoplasmavirus L2, a virus infecting Acholeplasma laidlawii
Topley and Wilson's principles of bacteriology and immunity. Vol. 1
Diagnostic procedures in veterinary bacteriology and mycology
A text-book of bacteriology
Bacteriology for sanitary engineers
Identification of enterobacteriaceae
Methods in practical laboratory bacteriology
Principles and practice of clinical bacteriology
Virulence evolution and immune defence : pathogen-host interactions between an environmentally transmitted bacterium Serratia marcescens and its insect hosts
