http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20540 journalistic writing
journalistic writing
Evaluating the framing of islam and muslims pre- and post -9/11 : a contextual analysis of articles published by the new york times
Secret state, silent press : new militarism, the Gulf and the modern image of warfare
Discourse and the image of Finland in five political newspaper articles
Case studies on international norms and journalism
The river of ink : media epistemology, ontology and imagology in the light of science, pseudoscience and technology material in six major Finnish newspapers in 1990 : a discourse analytical study
The press and the cold war
I suggest you accept everything : Woman's Own's agony columns in 1950, 1970, and 1990
The death of little 'VedadH' in Sarajevo : a case study of semeiotical canons in the textual interpretation
Voices of glasnost : letters from the Soviet people to Ogonyok magazine 1987-1990
World Summit for Social Development : press analysis : Copenhagen 6-12 March 1995
Media, interaction and integration : cross-cultural dialogues in the Baltic sea area
Islam in the British broadsheets : the impact of Orientalism on representations of Islam in the British press
The Montreal massacre : a story of membership categorization analysis
Journalism, literature and modernity : from Hazlitt to modernism
The introduction of Mormonism to Finnish society, 1840-1900
The politics of metaphor : biotechnology and biodiversity in the media
September 11th 2001 terrorist attacks and their aftermath in the Newsweek-magazine
"The Media and Financial Crises provides unique insights into the debate on the role of the media in the global financial crisis. Coverage is inter-disciplinary, with contributions from media studies, political economy and journalists themselves. It features a wide range of countries, including the USA, UK, Ireland, Greece, Spain and Australia, and a completely new history of financial crises in the British press over 150 years. Editors Steve Schifferes and Richard Roberts have assembled an expert set of contributors, including Joseph E Stiglitz and Lionel Barber, editor of the Financial Times. The role of the media has been central in shaping our response to the financial crisis. Examining its performance in comparative and historical perspectives is crucial to ensuring that the media does a better job next time.The book has five distinct parts:The Banking Crisis and the MediaThe Euro-Crisis and the MediaChallenges for the MediaThe Lessons of HistoryMedia Messengers Under InterrogationThe Media and Financial Crises offers broad and coherent coverage, making it ideal for both students and scholars of financial journalism, journalism studies, media studies, and media and economic history"--
Eksotismista keltaiseen vaaraan : kaukainen Japani suomalaisessa tietämyksessä 1800-luvun loppupuolella = Från exotism till gula faran : finländernas kännedom om det fjärran Japan i slutet av 1800-talet = From exotism to the yellow peril : finnish views of Japan at the close of the nineteenth century
The geopolitics of representation in foreign news : explaining Darfur
Reporting for journalists
Media coverage of terrorism : methods of diffusion
The clash of interests : the transformation of Japan in 1861-1881 in the eyes of the local Anglo-Saxon press
Žydų tema Lietuvos spaudoje 1990-1991 : bibliografijos rodyklė = Evrejskaâ tema v presse Litvy 1990-1991 : bibliografičeskij ukazatel' = The Jewish theme in Lithuanian press 1990-1991 : bibliographical index
History politics in the French "Affaire Kusturica" of 1995
Scandalous! : the mediated construction of political scandals in four nordic countries
Discursive strategies in immigration news reporting in Brirtish press
The coverage and portrayal of the tourism Industry in Caribbean newspapers : a content analysis of local newspapers in St Lucia
Tourism is the main economic activity on the island of St Lucia, as well as the largest employer on the island. Despite this, the industry is yet to be fully embraced by the residents, and there is a certain level of resentment and skeptism towards the industry. In an effort to combat the negative attitudes towards the industry, the national tourism organizations, in conjunction with private tourism holdings, have embarked on a series of public sensitization programs aimed at garnering support for the industry.    The aim of this study is to examine the coverage and representation of the industry in the print media on the island. To do this, content analysis was carried out on 2 leading newspapers on the island, the St Lucia Star and the St Lucia Voice. The period of study was from September 2010 to February 2012 and a total of 49 tourism industry articles were used in the study.    Results indicate that the tourism industry received modest coverage in the local newspapers in terms of frequency of coverage. Results however indicate that though modest, the coverage was rather consistent throughout the months of the study. The majority of articles were positive in tone, with airlift and awards gained by the industry being the most popular topics discussed. Crime in the industry was the least popular topic.    An interesting discovery was the fact that most articles on the tourism industry were placed in the "hard news" sections of the newspapers as opposed to the travel and tourism section. Another interesting find was the photos which accompanied the articles. Most of the articles were accompanied by coloured photos which showed locals in business attire and very few of the photos showed traditional tourists or the natural attractions such as palm fringed beaches.    It is hoped that the findings of this research will allow industry professionals to know what information on the industry is already at the public's disposal, and in so doing, will help influence the design and implementation of future internal marketing and public sensitization programs.
Reforming political system : rhetoric of political reform in the beijing review, 1986-1992
Nationalism in cross-border acquisitions : a media analysis of the Sanofi-Aventis case
The creative writing handbook : techniques for new writers
Terrorism, war, and the press
Fascism, militarism or Japanism? : the interpretation of the crisis years of 1930-1941 in the Japanese English-language press
Russia in Finnish business media
Special education contained in educational magazines and school practice in Bosnia and Herzegovina and Croatia, 1958-1990
Men at war 1914-1918 : national sentiment and trench journalism in France during the First World War
Global war - local views : media images of the Iraq war
The story of America as reported by its newspapers 1690-1965
All across the Telegraph : A Bob Dylan Handbook
Silent democracy, noisy media
Obama : the historic front pages : from announcement to inauguration, chronicled by leading U.S. and international newspapers
Voices in the media : discourse representation in articles about the case of Elián González in Time and Newsweek
Analysis of media reactions on the EFI research report "Growth trends in European forests - studies from 12 countries"
The good,  the bad and the unacceptable : the hard news about the British press
The image of the Russian Federation in the Japanese newspapers : Asahi Shimbun, Mainichi Shimbun and Yomiuri Shimbun publications concerning the Russian militray operation in Syria
The presence of the past in politics : "1956" after 1956 in Hungary
Coverage of the Korean War by the "New York Times" and "Asahi Shimbun" : foreign policy as the key constraint on the war reporting
The pity of war
Finnish Winter War in the Romanian press 1939-1940
Intifada hits the headlines : how the Israeli press misreported the outbreak of the second Palestinian uprising
Secret ingredients : the New Yorker book of food and drink
Language of the future, language of the PRC : representations of Putonghua in South China Morning Post
From the foreign press : two centuries of American history. Vol. 2
Revolutionary writing : common sense essays in post-political politics
A new opening to the East : the state visit of president Ahtisaari to the People's Republic of China on April 15 to 19, 1996. A comprehensive qualitative media analysis
Visual images or words? : some thoughts on art journals
Professional women in news discourse : "Charming (lethally so), exteremely capable and truculent, when pressed"
The river of ink : media epistemology, ontology and imagology in the light of science, pseudoscience and technology material in six major Finnish newspapers in 1990 : a discourse in ananalytical study
Žydų tema Lietuvos spaudoje 1992-1993 : bibliografijos rodyklė = Evrejskaâ tema v presse Litvy 1992-1993 : bibliografičeskij ukazatel' = The Jewish theme in Lithuanian press 1992-1993 : bibliographical index
Reporting a pandemic : a comparative study of AIDS news coverage in African and European prestige dailies
Vonnegut in fact : the public spokesmanship of personal fiction
The collected essays, journalism and letters of George Orwell ; ed. by Sonia Orwell and Ian Angus. 1, An age like this : 1920-1940
Russia and the olympic movement : a study of Russian national identity as described in the newspaper Sovetskij Sport during the winter olympic games of 1988, 1992, 1994, and in the future winter olympic games of 2014
Political communication in Britain : the leader debates, the campaign and the media in the 2010 general election
Racism and the press
Media-mediated AIDS
Mercenary Mannerheims and the vicious League of Nations : Winter War (1939-1940) in Pravda political cartoons
Modernist aesthetics and consumer culture in the writings of Oscar Wilde
Foreign issues : the national and international in 1960s finnish popular music discourse
War on terror with Chinese characteristics?
The complete guide to magazine article writing
Natural experiments with decreased availability of alcoholic beverages : Finnish alcohol strikes in 1972 and 1985
White victims, black villains : gender, race and crime news in US culture
Published on the Fourth of July : United States Independence Day in the New York Times
Redemption, rebirths and relentless attacks : conceptual metaphors in written football and tennis commentaries
Sexuality changing from privacy to the open - a study of the Finnish press over the years from 1961 to 1991.
Development of the concept 'woman' (nainen) in Finnish language newspaper texts, 1830-1860
Victorian sensation : or, the spectacular, the shocking, and the scandalous in nineteenth-century Britain
Openings reflecting ideology : a case study on New York senate election 2000
Election debate is always news : the reports of political television programs in Finnish newspapers
Newspaper language
The myth of the explorer : the press, sensationalism, and geographical discovery
In The Weekly War, James Landers provides the first in-depth investigation of how the three major newsmagazines - Newsweek, Time, and U.S. News & World Report - covered the Vietnam War and the impact their coverage had on the American public, presidents, and policymakers. From March 1965 through January 1973 these magazines reached nearly one-third of adult Americans - second only to news programs on network television. Despite the popular impression that this was primarily a "television war," the newsmagazines played a prominent role in informing the public about warfare and war policy. Each magazine had its own niche and distinct editorial style : Newsweek provided a mainstream liberal perspective, while Time took a more conservative viewpoint and U.S. News & World Report had an ultraconservative outlook. The editors of each magazine aimed to reach like-minded readers, knowing full well that a reader who disliked one magazine could simply switch to another. Landers demonstrates how public-opinion shifts during the war forced the newsmagazines, especially Time, to change too. This book reflects a thorough examination of roughly nine hundred articles on the Vietnam War published by the three major newsmagazines. Landers also gathered documents from the Lyndon Baines Johnson Library and Richard M. Nixon Presidential Materials Project to reveal the attention paid to the newsmagazines by presidents and policymakers and their attempts to influence or manipulate coverage. In addition to making a major contribution to the history of print journalism, The Weekly War complements scholarship on television news coverage of the Vietnam War. This volume will appeal to students and teachers of history and journalism, as well as the general reader interested in a unique view of the Vietnam War.
The construction of male menopause in Finnish popular magazines
Hitler's voice : the Völkischer Beobachter, 1920-1933. Vol. 1, Organisation & development of the Nazi Party
African Carmen : transnational cinema as an arena for cultural contradictions
Writer's Digest handbook of magazine article writing
Excluding the minorities : ethnic representation in the Finnish press
Keeping up expert appearances : an analysis of the textual construction of expertise in the debate on global warming
The Nation, 1865-1990 : selections from the independent magazine of politics and culture
Media bias perspective, and state repression : the Black Panther Party
An analysis of British news texts dealing with immigration and racial discrimination
Floods, tsunamis, and slammed doors : immigration-related metaphors in newspaper language
A rhetorical study of the Tablet on human rights in Poland, 1978-1983
The image of Finland in British and American newspapers during the Second World War : a critical linguistic analysis
Žydų tema Lietuvos spaudoje 1985-1989 : bibliografijos rodyklė = Evrejskaâ tema v presse Litvy 1985- 1989: bibliografičeskij ukazatel' = The Jewish theme in Lithuanian press 1985-1989: bibliographical index
The paradox of national interest : argumentation for the EU in the editorials of Aamulehti and Ilkka 1994
The art of fact : a historical anthology of literary journalism
A hidden agenda : a presuppositional analysis of ideology in the tabloid press in the British 1992 general election
From friend to foe, from savior to plotter : analysis of representations of Russian-European relations in Russian press
Cultural diversity and integration in the Nordic welfare states : proceedings of the 12th Nordic Migration Conference 2003
Between policy and practice : a media-based analysis of English-language education reform in Japan
Ethnicity in print : implicit linguistic manifestations of the construction of ethnicity in British and Finnish newspapers
Media coverage and political terrorists : a quantitative analysis
Terrorism and the media : from the Iran hostage crisis to the World Trade Center bombing
From the foreign press : two centuries of American history. Vol. 1
The federalist : the essential essays
Taiwanese English language newspaper's partisan communication on the national identity issue : text mining editorials from the first decade of the 200s
Hiding behind the mass media : how did the Chinese government react to th emergence of the middle class through the mass media
Social problems in newspapers : studies around the Baltic Sea
Soviet and Russian press coverage of the United States : press, politics and identity in transition
"The 2010 General Election represented a pathbreaking contest in Political Communication. The TV debates changed forever the feel of the campaign. This book brings together key commentators, analysts and polling experts to present readers with a unique and valuable insight into the development of political communication in British Politics"--
The silence of bystanders : evolution of the Darfur debate in the New York Times from the beginning of the conflict to the start of the Beijing olympics
The collected essays, journalism and letters. 3, As I please 1943-1945
A speaking postcard : essays on a sexual harassment case : publicity in the press
The environment in the headlines : newspaper coverage of climate change and eutrophication in Finland
Finnish opinions on European integration : content analysis of selected articles from some Finnish journals in 1990
Irish feminism and the vote : an anthology of the Irish Citizen newspaper, 1912-1920
Like a sore tindy : representations of women in snowboarding magazines
"Noise that annoys" : Rock music as a social problem in The Washington Post and The New Yourk Times in the 1980s
The Rushdie file
Images of the alien : the coverage of Japan in Time during the 1945-52 Allied Occupation
Examining how the press in Britain, Sweden and Finland responded to the Holocaust immediately after the Second World War, Holmila offers new insights into the challenge posed by the Holocaust for liberal democracies by looking at the reporting of the liberation of the camps, the Nuremberg trial and the Jewish immigration to Palestine.
The materiality of media discourse : on capitalism and journalistic modes of writing
Story building : narrative techniques for news and feature writers
Hitler's voice : the Völkischer Beobachter, 1920-1933. Vol. 2, Nazi ideology and propaganda
The Guardian book of Munich
Virgin or vamp : how the press covers sex crimes
Survival games? : Theatre and journalism : a selection of papers from the 14th Congress of the International Association of Theatre Critics, Helsinki, Finland, October 1996 = Strategies de survie? : theatre et journalisme : une sélection de conférences du 14e Congrès Mondial de l'Association Internationale des Critiques de Théâtre, Helsinki, Finlande, octobre 1996
Finnish summary.
The weekly war : newsmagazines and Vietnam
Marilyn : in the flash : her love affair with the press 1945-1962
A vocabulary study on the news reports covering terrorist attacks
Scandal : a scurrilous history of gossip
Making social work news
Media and the ecological crisis
Reporting the Holocaust in the British, Swedish and Finnish press, 1945-50
Supporting whose interest? : discussions on corporate social responsibility in business media texts - the case of Romania
In the wake of the bombings : syntax and ideology in newspaper articles on the 7 July 2005 London bombings
"India fighting with itself" : discourses on the Naxalite movement in Indian news media
In their own write : adventures in the music press
The reporter's environmental handbook / [edited by] Bernadette M. West ... [et al.]
Latvian and Russian-speaking press in Latvia before the EU accesion referendum
"The Media and Financial Crises provides unique insights into the debate on the role of the media in the global financial crisis. Coverage is inter-disciplinary, with contributions from media studies, political economy and journalists themselves. It features a wide range of countries, including the USA, UK, Ireland, Greece, Spain and Australia, and a completely new history of financial crises in the British press over 150 years. Editors Steve Schifferes and Richard Roberts have assembled an expert set of contributors, including Joseph E Stiglitz and Lionel Barber, editor of the Financial Times. The role of the media has been central in shaping our response to the financial crisis. Examining its performance in comparative and historical perspectives is crucial to ensuring that the media does a better job next time. The book has five distinct parts: The Banking Crisis and the Media The Euro-Crisis and the Media Challenges for the Media The Lessons of History Media Messengers Under Interrogation The Media and Financial Crises offers broad and coherent coverage, making it ideal for both students and scholars of financial journalism, journalism studies, media studies, and media and economic history"--
The golden age of the newspaper
The media and financial crises : comparative and historical perspectives
Reporting for the print media
How to have theory in an epidemic : cultural chronicles of AIDS
Crime, terrorism or nightmare : news representations of the 2011 Norway attacks
In search for the roots of environmental concern : water management and animal welfare issues in the Finnish local press in 1890-1950
Mixing it up with the boys : The ideology of gender difference and hegemonic masculinity in the media representation of Hayley Wickenheiser
Shaking a leg : collected writings
Reporting America : the life of the nation 1946-2004
Chasing Tales : travel writing, journalism and the history of British ideas about Afghanistan
Ritualising public death in the Nordic media
