http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20500 ornithologists
ornithologists
Biographies for birdwatchers : the lives of those commemorated in western palearctic bird names
The bird world of Auschwitz : a novella
Ornithology, evolution, and philosophy : the life and science of Ernst Mayr 1904-2005
The Audubon reader
Audubon's elephant : America's greatest naturalist and the making of The Birds of America
Blue lightning
Birding on borrowed time
The history of ornithology
The conjuror's bird
Bourbon island 1730
When prisoner Marek is selected by the concentration camp guard Hans Grote to accompany him on birdspotting trips into the surrounding countryside and to sketch the different species, he imagines that freedom is close at hand. But he is mistaken. In order to survive, he will have to learn to keep a tight rein on his thoughts: drawing, preparing animal corpses, not swimming across the Vistula. Smelling the stench of the crematorium, hearing the women sing lullabies on the way to the gas chambers, never asking questions. And: never getting ill. A deeply disturbing profile of two men who take refuge in a world of their own making as a means of surviving the unimaginable horrors of the concentration camp. The appalling daily events, described tersely, appear to leave the protagonists unmoved, yet they shock us to the core of our very being.
Ornithologen-Briefe des 20. Jahrhunderts : "We must lead the way on new paths" : the work and correspondence of Hartert, Stresemann, Ernst Mayr - international ornithologists
A guide to the birds of East Africa
Under a wild sky : John James Audubon and the making of the Birds of America
Beautiful, brilliant Dr Gina Solomon is one of a handful of scientists stationed on a remote island off the Arctic Circle. Out conducting research in the last days before winter wraps the area in months-long darkness, she witnesses a plane crash over the Bering Sea, and rescues a survivor from the wreckage. With a snowstorm stranding them unexpectedly, it's at least twenty-four hours before they return to the research station - and discover that all of the other scientists have been murdered. Whoever killed them is still on the island.
The history of American ornithology before Audubon
The winged wonders : butterfly, moth and bird expeditions to Siberia and North America
Drawn from paradise : The Natural History, Art and Discovery of the Birds of Paradise with Rare Archival Art
