http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20502 tenants
tenants
The wallflower. 3
Peasant petitions : social relations and economic life on landed estates, 1600-1850
Tower block
Choice and the end of social housing
44 Charles Street : a novel
Domu : The dreams of children
Maison Ikkoku. Volume twelve, Hounds of war
Space, power and participation : ethnic and gender divisions in tenants' participation in public housing
Monday to Friday man
"This book examines the structures and texture of rural social relationships, using one type of document found in abundance over all the four component parts of Britain and Ireland: petitions from tenants to their landlords. Exploring the authorship, form, and style of more than 2,000 petitions as well as their content, and looking at variations in petitioning as a communication strategy, it uses requests for help to understand the diverse material and social lives of those who worked the land in an era of profound change. Ranging over the many practices of lordship and estate management, the book offers unexpected angles on many aspects of society and economy on estates in north-west England, the Highland margin of Scotland, the north of Ireland, and Wales. Broad in geographical and chronological scope, it integrates, compares, and contrasts the experience of the rural population in different parts of the British Isles. Primarily social and cultural in focus, it also extends understandings of local, regional, and national histories. "--
Tenant application process in the capital area of Helsinki, Finland
Housing women
Between the devil and the deep blue sea
"A psychological thriller that spins one woman's seemingly good fortune, and another woman's mysterious fate, through a kaleidoscope of duplicity, death, and deception"--
Maison ikkoku. Volume three, Home sweet home
Council housing in Helsinki faces challenges
The rights of desire
The paying guests
The man in my basement : a novel
The world according to Bertie : a 44 Scotland street novel
Ballet shoes : a story of three children on the stage
44 Charles street : a novel
The dog who came in from the cold
Maison Ikkoku. Vol. fourteen, Welcome home
Maison Ikkoku. 1 / [translation/ Gerard Jones & Matt Thorn]
The wallflower. 4
The wallflower. 2
31 Dream Street
The house on Lonely Street
Home ownership and mortality : a register-based follow-up study of 300 000 Finns
Landlord and tenant law : the nature of tenancies
The wallflower. 6
Nothing lasts forever
The wallflower. 5
The girl before : a novel
The wallflower. 1
Customer experience in a landlord-tenant relationship
The happy home for broken hearts
