http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20553 catastrophe theory
catastrophe theory
X-events : the collapse of everything
The collapse of complex societies
Chaos and catastrophe theories
Every cloud has a silver lining shaped as a bullet : problematizing the common towards a new synthesis
Performance in humanitarian supply chains
Catastrophe theory : selected papers, 1972-1977
What is a disaster? : perspectives on the question
Trauma and media : theories, histories, and images
Nature, society and environmental crisis
Family health care nursing : theory, practice and research
Community/public health nursing : promoting the health of populations
Perilous planet earth : catastrophes and catastrophism through the ages
What is a disaster? : new answers to old questions
Dynamical systems : an introduction with applications in economics and biology
Routledge handbook of globalization studies
Risk society : towards a new modernity
A new kind of science
"What is a Disaster? Addresses the most basic question in the field: that of defining the phenomenon of study. For theoretical advancement, it is important that researchers begin to develop a consensus about the meaning of disasters and related phenomena. With the rise in international terrorism, one must clarify whether these events are disasters and if so, what kind of disasters. Similarly, in addition to natural disasters, do we include riots, explosions, nuclear power plant accidents, damn collapses, and land subsidence under the same conceptual umbrella? What practical and theoretical differences does it make if the same label is used or not used for such different situations? What is a Disaster? Brings together twelve social scientists representing eight disciplines and seven countries to share their definition and vision of disasters. In the process, a wide range of views are expressed and issues raised regarding the relationship of academic versus practical definitions, the impact of grouping types of disasters in different ways, and the epistemologies on which theoretical growth should rest. The forum provided involves the presentation of each author's views, followed by a discussant's critique, and closed with a response from the author. The editor's close the volume with discussions of the theoretical framework of disaster research and an agenda for disaster research in the twenty-first century." --Publisher's description.
Bifurcations and catastrophes : geometry of solutions to nonlinear problems
Catastrophe theory and its applications
Taylor expansions and catastrophes
