http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20503 leaf
leaf
Spectroscopic comparison of rose callus methanol-extractable lignin to lignin extracted from differentiated rose tissue by alkaline treatment
Representations of leaders in education and recruitment advertisements in The Economist
Influence of certain leaf characters of brinjal accessions with incidence of Bemisia tabaci
Birch leaf hydrolysable tannins : chemical, biochemical and ecological aspects
Optimal stomatal control in relation of leaf area and nitrogen content
Leaf venation patterns. 4, Melastomataceae
Microprocessors and microsystems
English job titles in Finnish recruitment advertisements
Reports from the Kevo Subarctic Research Station. Vol. 22, 1998.
Perigynium and achene epidermis in some species of Carex, subg. Vignea (Cyperaceae), studied by scanning electron microscopy
The tarot oracle : tarot cards, runes, palmistry, numerology, I Ching, crystals, tea leaves
Effect of the temperature and the exclusion of UVB radiation on the phenolics and iridoids in Menyanthes trifoliata L. leaves in the subarctic
Recurrent selection for leaf area in Brassica rapa L.
A murder is announced
Effects of climate change and simulated herbivory on growth responses and leaf characteristics of silver birch (Betula pendula) seedlings
Smuutisti - a case study on English loanwords used in the City magazine
Can physiological and anatomical characters be used for selecting high yielding hybrid aspen clones
Cycle world : e-lehti
The world in Vogue : people, parties, places
Popular mechanics
Morphology and anatomy of leaves from some woody plants in a humid tropical forest of Venezuelan Guayana
Aviation classics : e-lehti
Women's health : e-lehti
Mycorrhizal responses to defoliation of woody hosts
Eyeball compendium : writings on sex and horror in the cinema from the pages of Eyeball Magazine, 1989-2003
Analysis of leaf development
New York review of books : e-lehti
Scientific American
Lonely hearts killers
Eucalyptus leaf oils : use, chemistry, distillation and marketing
Digital SLR photography : e-lehti
Women’s adventure : e-lehti
Anatomy of the dicotyledons. Vol. 1, Systematic anatomy of leaf and stem, with a brief history of the subject
Stratification of tropical forests as seen in leaf structure : part 2
Leaf and fruit macronutrient composition during the growth period of apples
O : the Oprah magazine : e-lehti
Leaf protein, its agronomy, preparation, quality and use
Differences in leaf traits among Mediterranean broad-leaved evergreen shrubs
Decomposition of chitinase transgenic silver birch (Betula pendula) leaf litter and effects on decomposer populations in a field trial
Educational leadership
Reactive oxygen species and SRO proteins as regulators of gene expression in Arabidopsis thaliana
Journal of psychiatric and mental health nursing
Teachers college record
Foliar morphology of the common trees of North Carolina and adjacent states
The International journal of mechanical engineering education
What Hi-Fi? : sound and vision :e-lehti
Country home : e-lehti
Herbivory-related variation in the foliar chemistry of the mountain birch (Betula pubescens spp. czerepanovii)
Thoughts about articles on sign language published in Kuurojen Lehti in 2007
Biological control on the phylloplane
Biophysical aspects of root growth dynamics and leaf responses to environmental stimuli : spectral, temporal and spatial investigations
Blattoberflächen mitteleuropäischer Laubgehölze : Atlas und Bestimmungsschlüssel = Leaf surfaces of Central European woody plants
Phylogeny and ecological evolution of gall-inducing sawflies (Hymenoptera: Tenthredinidae)
Social work & Society : The International  Online-Only Journal
Leaf architecture of the woody dicotyledons from tropical and subtropical China
Transworld snowboarding : e-lehti
Anatomy of the dicotyledons : leaves, stem and wood in relation to taxonomy with notes on economic uses. Vol. 1
Lonely hearts
Some paremiological notes of proverbs in three Finnish newspapers (Newspaper Group-2)
Anthocyanins in leaves
World soccer : e-lehti
Birch leaves as a resource for herbivores. 1 : variation in the suitability of leaves
The life of a leaf
Commercialisation of the regional press : the development of monopoly, profit and control
Leaf development and leaf pathogens on subarctic birches after a calamity of Oporinia autumnata (Bkh.) (Lep., Geometridae)
Air pollutants and the leaf cuticle
Motor trend : e-lehti
Wall Street Journal Europe
Summary: The suitability of the mountain birch for herbivores was studied at the fell Jesnalvaara, Northern Finland. The 1) seasonal, 2) local short-distance and 3) annual variation in the quality of birch leaves was studied by means of bioassays and chemical determinations...
Adaptive and neutral variation of the resprouter Nothofagus antarctica growing in distinct habitats in north-western Patagonia
Scriptum : creative writing research journal
Seasonal nutrient variation in the foliage of Alnus incana (L.) Moench and associated trees
Cracking the gender code : who rules the Wired world?
Ecology of leaf longevity
The new identities of the Baltic sea region
Manual on methods and criteria for harmonized sampling, assessment, monitoring and analysis of the effects of air pollution on forests
SPIN : greatest Hits : 25 years of heretics, heroes, and the new rock 'n' roll
Outdoor photographer : e-lehti
Photosynthesis, CO2 and temperature - an approach to analyse the constraints to acclimation of trees to increasing CO2 concentration
Seasonal changes in structure of mesophyll cells in subarctic Diapensia lapponica L.
Adaptive significance of evergreen vs. deciduous leaves : solving the triple paradox
Estimating forest structure and shade tolerance of the species in a mixed deciduous broad-leaved forest in Abruzzo, Italy
Morphological variation in leaves of three ecologically different tree species from tropical rain forest
Woodcraft magazine : e-lehti
Dog's life : e-lehti
Discourse : journal for theoretical studies in media and culture
Carbon dioxide and photosynthetic photon flux density effects on growth and mineral uptake of cacao
Anglicisms in personal columns
Responses of Lotus glaber (Leguminosae) cv. Chajá to defoliation in reproductive stage
European aspen and hybrid aspen under changing environment : leaf traits, growth and litter decomposition
Content of total phenolic compounds and antioxidant capacity (FRAP) were investigated in the leaves of three sea buckthorn (Hippophaë  rhamnoides L.) cultivars: "Otradnaja", "Gibrid Pertjika" and "Ljubitelskaja", at different dates. In addition, major phenolic compounds (catechin, kaempferol, quercetin, epigallocatechin, kaempferol-3-O-glucoside, quercetin-3-O-galactoside, isorhamnetin-3-O-glucoside, rutin, gallic acid, procyanidin monomer glycoside, procyanidin dimer aglycone and hydrolyzable tannins I-III) were determined in "Ljubitelskaja". Antioxidant capacity and the content of total phenolic compounds fluctuated during April, May and June, and then increased until the end of July, when the highest values were observed. Total phenolic compounds were strongly correlated with FRAP. Levels were generally higher in "Ljubitelskaja" than in "Otradnaja" and "Gibrid Pertjika". In "Ljubitelskaja", hydrolyzable tannins I-III occurred in higher amounts than did any of the other studied phenolic compounds. The developmental stage of the leaves (harvesting date) had a strong influence on content of phenolic compounds and should be carefully considered when harvesting sea buckthorn leaves for different purposes.
Do it yourself : e-lehti
Summary.
The economist : e-lehti
Leaf orientation and the spectral reflectance of field crops
Rapid assessing of water and nitrogen status in wheat flag leaves
The proposal
Reconstructing leaf growth based on non-destructive digitizing and low-parametric shape evolution for plant modelling over a growth cycle
Health & fitness : e-lehti
Visions of a technological future : experience and expectation of progress in the interwar United States
Natural fibers can replace glass fibers in fiber-reinforced plastics. Pineapple leave fibers (PALF) have high cellulose contents and are mechanically sound as reinforcement in polymer composites. In Malaysia the focus of the pineapple industry is the fruits leaving the leaves mainly composted or burned thus wasting good potential source of fibers. PALF from three popular cultivars (Josapine, Sarawak and Moris Gajah) were characterized physically and mechanically in order to identify the best cultivar for producing fibers. The three cultivars had leaves with very similar cross-sections. Extracting PALF from fresh leaves was easy due to low fiber-tissue interfacial strength giving cleaner and intact fiber bundles and technical fibers. 'Josapine' fiber bundles were finest and varied least in their diameter followed by those of 'Sarawak' and 'Moris'. Tensile strengths and Young's moduli of the PALF from the three cultivars were higher than some reported values while elongations at break were lower. 'Josapine' PALF had the highest average tensile strength and Young's modulus and the highest elongation at break. For PALF from the three cultivars, tensile strengths and moduli decreased with increasing diameter while elongation at break was not affected. PALF from Sarawak cultivar had the highest thermal stability followed by those from Josapine and Moris cultivars. Based on potential fiber quantity, fineness, mechanical properties and thermal stability, PALF from Josapine cultivar was best followed by those from Sarawak and Moris cultivars. Appropriate fiber extraction technique is required to produce good quality PALF in a reasonable quantity to make utilization of these excellent lignocellulosic fibers feasible.
The book of leaves : a leaf-by-leaf guide to six hundred of the world's great trees
Genetic variation in functional and structural productivity determinants in poplar
Differences in leaf morphology between Quercus petraea and Q. robur adult and young individuals
Characterization of pineapple leaf fibers from selected Malaysian cultivars
International Herald Tribune
Apollo : the international magazine of the arts
Foliage : dramatic and subtle leaves for the garden
Preparation and functional properties of beverages made from moss phlox (Phlox subulata L.) leaves
Finnish summary.
Women's fitness magazine : e-lehti
Changes in content of major phenolic compounds during leaf development of sea buckthorn (Hippophaë rhamnoides L.)
Effects of various factors on chloroplast development in the lip1 mutant of pea (Pisum sativum L.)
Under their thumb : how a nice boy from Brooklyn got mixed up with the Rolling Stones (and lived to tell the tale)
Superhero for hire : true stories from small ads
House beautiful : e-lehti
Leaf apoplastic ascorbate as ozone scavenger and its transport across the plasma membrane
Muoto : finnish design magazine
The sixties in Queen
Country living : e-lehti
Comparative content analysis for the use of "strategic alliance" in announcements and journals
Morphometric differentiation in Papaver radicatum (Papaveraceae) : geographic pattern and significance for refugial survival theory
English, German, Dutch, and Finnish contact-ads
International journal of mathematical education in science and technology
Photosynthesis, CO2 and temperature : an approach to analyse the constrains to acclimation of trees to increasing CO2 concentration
Mother Jones : e-lehti
Nutritional significance of leaf meals, protein concentrates and residues from some tropical leguminous plants
Golf monthly : e-lehti
Popular photography : e-lehti
Leaf protein concentrates
Adult education quarterly
Summary: The main structural changes in the mesophyll cells of Diapensia lapponica leaves were observed by light and electron microscopy in material collected from Finnish Lapland. The most distinct seasonal differences were manifested in the distribution of vacuoles, and the appearance of chloroplasts, mitochondria and reserve substances...
The hockey news : e-lehti
"Simply clever" : English in Finnish magazine advertisements for senior readers
Manual of leaf architecture
The foliicolous lichens of Japan
Leaf morphological and physiological responses of Quercus aquifolioides along an altitudinal gradient
This thesis was made based on my own interest. The subject was to analyze the articles and advertisements written about sign language that were published in Kuurojen Lehti during the year 2007. The purpose of this thesis was to find out how much the Kuurojen Lehti writes about sign language and whether the attitude towards sign language is positive, negative or neutral. This was carried out by exploring Kuurojen Lehti editions published during 2007 and picking out all the articles and advertisements that had something to do with sign language. At the end of this process, the material was analyzed and reported. The theoretical part of the thesis first opens with some concepts about deafness and sign language, and familiarizes the readers with the world of the deaf. Communication from the sign language point of view and something about the human senses are also both briefly looked at. What can happen if a person lacks the ability to hear is something that is examined. The Finnish Association of the Deaf and Kuurojen Lehti are also introduced here. The empirical part contains the presentation of the research method and an analysis and observation of the research material. Kuurojen Lehti is published six times a year, and from the six editions published in 2007, nine articles, 18 advertisements and six shorter articles that had something to do with sign language were found. After the material was gathered an analysis was done and conclusions were drawn. The results show that sign language itself wasn't written about that much in Kuurojen Lehti, contrary to what had been presumed. The contents of these six editions were mostly presentations, abstracts and summaries of different events and happenings held in sign language. The advertisements showed, for example, different educational possibilities and events that were held in sign language. Interpretation services were also advertised. The shorter articles were published by the Finnish Association of Sign Language Interpreters and they dealt with the position of interpreters and their activities in the field. According to Kuurojen Lehti the overall attitude towards sign language is positive. Slowly but surely sign language is becoming more visible in the media, and it is not that unusual to see someone using sign language on the street anymore. However, sign language still is the language of a small minority and its linguistic rights need to be safeguarded and improved. The availability and accessibility of services in sign language is another key towards attaining an equal society.
Tracking the Finnish social and health care reform : issue arena analysis in a major online news medium
Ground-based estimation of leaf area index and vertical distribution of leaf area density in a Betula ermanii forest
Men's health : e-lehti
Contrastive study of personal advertisements in American and Finnish newspapers with special reference to meaning and explicitness of utterances
[Abstract].
Physics today
Bicycling : e-lehti
"A 304-year experiment which worked some but not all of the time" : Britain and British identities in three English, Scottish and Welsh newspapers in 2010 and 2011
Gas exchange, water status, and stomatal characteristics in three Eucalyptys microtheca provenances grown in Bura, eastern Kenya
Colour in nature : a visual and scientific exploration
Review of cleaning techniques and their effects on the chemical composition of foliar samples
Anatomy of the dicotyledons : leaves, stem and wood in relation to taxonomy with notes on economic uses. Vol. 2
Food network magazine : e-lehti
Successful, low-cost direct marketing methods : [a handbook of highly effective marketing and direct marketing methods]
The writer : e-lehti
Effects of vapour pressure deficit and soil water content on leaf water potential between selected provenances of Eucalyptus microtheca in an irrigated plantation, eastern Kenya
The language of job advertisements in a Finnish newspaper
Who's who in hell
Car and driver: e-lehti
Factors influencing somatic embryogenesis and regeneration ability in somatic tissue culture of spring and winter rye
Leaf defence
The concept of remediation: from print to web : case study of "Spiegel-Online"
Leaf senescence in silver birch (Betula pendula Roth)
This book describes the natural history of leaf defence against both invertebrate and vertebrate attack, incorporating insights from the field and laboratory.
Logging residues and ground vegetation in nutrient dynamic forest
