http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2059 arms industry
arms industry
An encyclopaedia of the history of technology
The anatomy of Russian defense conversion
The economics of defence, disarmament and peace : an annotated bibliography
The technology trap : science and the military
Gunpowder, explosives and the state : a technological history
Tampellasta Patriaan : 70 vuotta suomalaista raskasta aseenvalmistusta : 70 years of Finnish heavy weapons production = From Tampella to Patria
Explaining post-Soviet patchworks. Vol. 1, Actors and sectors in Russia between accommodation and resistance to globalization
Guns for the tsar : American technology and the small arms industry in nineteenth-century Russia
European military capabilities : building armed forces for modern operations
The defense industry
The genesis of new weapons : decision making for military R & D
Proceedings of a symposium on the post-Soviet military-industrial complex : Stockholm, October 20, 1993
The war atlas : armed conflict - armed peace
Arms and the state : patterns of military production and trade
Swords into plowshares : converting to a peace economy
Arms industry limited
In pursuit of disarmament : conversion from military to civil production in Sweden. Vol. 1 A, Background, facts and analyses
The Manhattan Projects = MP. 2
European defence industry : policy and actors : consequences for democracy
Economic restructuring and social exclusion
The gun merchants : politics and policies of the major arms suppliers
The Nordic countries and the european security and defence policy
Soviet defence industry planning : Tukhachevskii and military-industrial mobilisation 1926-1937
The big bang : a history of explosives
Small arms survey 2009 : shadows of war
The naval arms trade
World economic survey 1992 : current trends and policies in the world economy
The war business : The international trade in armaments
The international arms trade : an ethical reflection
Making peace pay : a bibliography on disarmament and conversion
Company of heroes
Krupp : a history of the legendary German firm
The globalization of security : state power, security provision and legitimacy
Government-company relationships in the arms industry: between change and stability : Cost Action A 10 : Proceedings of the workshop organised by the Cost Action A 10 Ŕestructuring of defence industries ́working group and University of Versailles-Saint-Quentin, C3ed at the École des mines, Paris, 12 November 1998
The marketing of war in the age of neo-militarism
Biotechnology in Russia : why is it not a success story?
Russian armed forces in transition : economic, geopolitical and institutional uncertainties
The familiar image of the British in the Second World War is that of the plucky underdog taking on German might. David Edgerton's bold, compelling new history shows the conflict in a new light, with Britain as a very wealthy country, formidable in arms, ruthless in pursuit of its interests, and in command of a global production system. Rather than belittled by a Nazi behemoth, Britain arguably had the world's most advanced mechanized forces. It had not only a great empire, but allies large and small. Edgerton shows that Britain fought on many fronts and its many home fronts kept it exceptionally well supplied with weapons, food and oil, allowing it to mobilize to an extraordinary extent. It created and deployed a vast empire of machines, from the humble tramp steamer to the battleship, from the rifle to the tank, made in colossal factories the world over. Scientists and engineers invented new weapons, encouraged by a government and prime minister enthusiastic about the latest technologies. The British, indeed Churchillian, vision of war and modernity was challenged by repeated defeat at the hands of less well-equipped enemies. Yet the end result was a vindication of this vision. Like the United States, a powerful Britain won a cheap victory, while others paid a great price. Putting resources, machines and experts at the heart of a global rather than merely imperial story, Britain's War Machine demolishes timeworn myths about wartime Britain and gives us a groundbreaking and often unsettling picture of a great power in action.
The illustrated history of antiques : the essential reference for all antique lovers and collectors
Restructuring of arms production in Western Europe
Bad luck and trouble
Conversion : business opportunities in the field of military-industrial technology in the Commonwealth of Independent States (CIS)
Privatization in NACC countries : defence industry experiences and policies and experiences in related fields : colloquium, 29-30 June, 1 July 1994, Brussels = Privatisation dans les pays du CCNA : expériences et politiques des industries de défence et expériences dans les domaines connexes : colloque, 29-30 juin, 1er juillet 1994, Bruxelles
The structure of the defense industry : an international survey
Russia in the 21st century : the prodigal superpower
The angry genie : one man's walk through the nuclear age
The Soviet defence industry : conversion and reform
The gun-maker's gift
Conversion : economic adjustments in an era of arms reduction. Vol. 1.
Aircraft stories : decentering the object in technoscience
Biohazard : the chilling true story of the largest covert biological weapons program in the world, told from the inside by the man who ran it
Innovation, Dual Use, and Security : Managing the Risks of Emerging Biological and Chemical Technologies
Rulers, guns, and money : the global arms trade in the age of imperialism
Automation of Zircon Blasting for Barrel and Receiver Combination : Investment Project
Counter-terrorism : weapons & equipment
Military industrialization and economic development : theory and historical case studies
Merchant of death : money, guns, planes, and the man who makes war possible
Conversion in Russian defence industry
Arms industry transformation and integration : the choices of East Central Europe
Drone warfare : killing by remote control
Arming East Asia
Soviet small-arms and ammunition
System 37 Viggen : arms, technology and the domestication of glory
Wounding the world : how military violence and war-play invade our lives
Sex, bombs and burgers : how war, porn and fast food created technology as we know it
Transforming Russia : from a military to a peace economy
House of war : the Pentagon and the disastrous rise of american power
The Baroque arsenal
Arma Fennica : suomalaiset aseet = Finnish firearms
Abstract.
Machine gun : the development of the machine gun from the nineteenth century of the present day
The Manhattan Projects = MP. 3.
The thief
Small arms, crime and conflict : global governance and the threat of armed violence
Iron man 2 / directed by Jon Favreau ; screenplay by Justin theroux ; director of photography Matthew Libatique ; music by John Debney
The Manhattan Projects = MP. 1
Britain's war machine : weapons, resources, and experts in the Second World War
Conversion of armaments industry essential
The Manhattan Projects = MP. 6
Nordic arms transfer controls and the arms trade treaty : strenghts and challenges
The Colt heritage : the official history of Colt firearms from 1836 to the present
America's premier gunmakers
Transnational corporations, armaments and development : a study of transnational military production, international transfer of military technology and their impact on development
Science, technology and the military. Vol. 2.
Conversion : economic adjustments in an era of arms reduction. Vol. 2.
Hitler's war machine
The defence industry in East-Central Europe : restructuring and conversion
Transnational corporations, armaments and development
What do the Taliban, Liberian war criminal Charles Taylor, and the U.S. government have in common? They have all done business with the man who put the "blood" in blood diamonds--an immensely wealthy and powerful arms dealer who has flooded Africa and Southwest Asia with weapons of war. Here, two respected journalists tell the story of Viktor Bout, the Russian weapons supplier whose global network has changed the way modern warfare is fought. Bout's vast enterprise of guns, planes and money has fueled slaughter in Africa and aided both militant Islamic fanatics in Afghanistan and the American military in Iraq. As the Cold War ended, Bout emerged from a murky post-Soviet intelligence background and quietly amassed a fleet of Russian cargo planes, then began to forge an empire of lethal alliances across the Third World--a war machine able to deliver anything from AK-47s to attack helicopters, to anyone willing to pay.--From publisher description.
World economic survey 1991 : current trends and policies in the world economy
The international arms trade
Iron Man : read-along storybook and CD
Russian strategic nuclear forces
The Manhattan Projects = MP. 4
It's legal but it ain't right : harmful social consequences of legal industries
The global politics of arms sales
Russia and the arms trade
Accounting for war : Soviet production, employment, and the defence burden, 1940-1945
West European arms production : structural changes in the new political environment
Arms and technology transfers : security and economic considerations among importing and exporting states
The Manhattan Projects = MP. 5
Postinternationalism and small arms control : theory, politics, security
World economic survey 1993 : current trends and policies in the world economy
