http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20618 machine construction
machine construction
Handbook of electromechanical product design
Materials selection and applications in mechanical engineering
Mechanical and metal trades handbook
Proceedings of the Scandinavian Symposium on Machine Design, 22.-24. April 1993, Åre, Sweden
Solidworks 2011 tutorial / David C. Planchard, Marie P. Planchard
Potential failure mode and effects analysis for tooling & equipment (Machinery FMEA) : reference manual
Engineering and the mind's eye
Wörterbuch Maschinenbau und Tribologie : Deutsch - English / Englisch - Deutch = Dictionary machine engineering and tribology : german - english / english - german
On the design of external involute helical gears
Machine design : theory and practice
This book presents methods for systematic and methodical conceptualizing with abstract models of engineering systems, to use when needed in developing candidate solutions. The recommended engineering design process is able to support all levels of creative design engineering, based on Engineering Design Science, which also helps to explain the role of engineering in society. The book, incorporating several new insights, surveys information about systematic, methodical and intuitive design engineering, thinking and reasoning, and progressive development of products. The general process should also be attractive to top-level managers and chief engineering designers. This book is intended for engineering students at all levels of higher education – taught courses or self-study. -Publisher
Engine testing : the design, building, modification and use of powertrain test facilities
Nanoscience and nanotechnology have had a great impact on the food industry. They have increased the nutritional and functional properties of a number of food products and have aided in food preservation through the addition of antimicrobials or the reduction of water activity. These and many other applications have emerged in recent years to transform food science and technology. This book proposes to look at some of these applications and their effect on food production and innovation.  .
Trends in composite materials and their design
Servo motors and industrial control theory
Fundamentals of machine elements
Pro/Engineer Wildfire : tutorial and multimedia CD
Mechanism design : analysis and synthesis. Volume 1
Engineering Science
Mechanical design handbook : measurement, analysis, and control of dynamic systems
Parametric modeling with Pro/ENGINEER Wildfire
Machine design data handbook
American machinist
International patent classification. Vol. 3, Sections E and F
Theory of machines and mechanisms
Manufacturing technology. Vol. 2
Kinematics, dynamics and design of machinery
Fundamentals of mechanical engineering : thermodynamics, mechanics and strength of materials
Mechanical engineering : BTEC national option units
Shigley's mechanical engineering design
Introduction to design engineering : systematic creativity and management
Essentials of pro/engineer
Mechanism design. Volume 1, Mechanism design : analysis and synthesis
Japan as a target market for one key Finnish business sector - the machine building industry
Sovremennyj anglo-russkij slovar' po mašinostroeniû i avtomatizacii proizvodstva : okolo 15000 terminov = Modern English-Russian dictionary of mechanical engineering and industrial automation
Mechanical instability
Construction and Drive System Design for a Model of a Lifter Vehicle
Reconfigurable manufacturing systems and transformable factories
Machine design : an integrated approach
Piezoelectric actuators : control applications of smart materials
Oxford English for electrical and mechanical engineering. Answer book with teaching notes
Food Nanoscience and Nanotechnology
Kratkij illûstrirovannyj russko-anglijskij slovar' po mašinostroeniû = The concise illustrated Russian-English dictionary of mechanical engineering
Mechanical engineering design
Applied system identification
Modeling using Pro/engineer wildfire 3.0
Quality engineering using robust design
Mathematics for machine technology
Mechanical design of machine elements and machines : a failure prevention perspectives
Pro/ENGINEERING Wildfire : advanced tutorial
Materials and processes in manufacturing
SolidWorks 2010 parts bible
Classical and modern mechanisms for engineers and inventors
Machine elements in mechanical design
Dubbel handbook of mechanical engineering
Getting started with Pro/Engineer
Plastic part design for injection molding : an introduction
Mechanical design of machine components
Handbook of optomechanical engineering
Koneenrakennus = Konstruktionsteknik = Construction technique
Journal of mechanical design
Design & simulation of thermal systems
Introduction to precision machine design and error assessment
Advanced machining technology handbook
Things that go boom or float, fly and zoom : 18 diy projects to make
Making things move : DIY mechanisms for inventors, hobbyists, and artists
Materials selection in mechanical design
Kinematic geometry of surface machining
Piirrotus koneistuksen lähtökohtana = Marking out as a starting-point for machining : komiteatutkimus
A first course in the finite element method
An introduction to Pro/SHEETMETAL : a project based approach : release 20/2000i
Advanced engineering design
Machine elements : life and design
Illjustrirovannyj slovar' po mašinostroeniju = The illustrated dictionary of mechanical engineering
