http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20652 validation
validation
Predictive factors in endonasal endoscopic lacrimal surgery
"Advances in scientific computing have made modelling and simulation an important part of the decision-making process in engineering, science, and public policy. This book provides a comprehensive and systematic development of the basic concepts, principles, and procedures for verification and validation of models and simulations. The emphasis is placed on models that are described by partial differential and integral equations and the simulations that result from their numerical solution. The methods described can be applied to a wide range of technical fields, from the physical sciences, engineering and technology and industry, through to environmental regulations and safety, product and plant safety, financial investing, and governmental regulations. This book will be genuinely welcomed by researchers, practitioners, and decision makers in a broad range of fields, who seek to improve the credibility and reliability of simulation results. It will also be appropriate either for university courses or for independent study"--
Microbial identification : the keys to a successful program
Experimental validations of CFD simulations and models in chemical applications
Laboratory validation : a practitioners guide
Evaluation of growth models used in the Swedish Forest Planning System Heureka
Perioperative documentation in Finland : validating the Perioperative Nursing Data Set  in Finnish perioperative nursing
Improving verification and validation activities in ICT companies : product development management approach
Validation and qualificaton in analytical labratories
Laboratory medicine is under constant pressure from changes in the operating environment. Organisational changes and tendering processes have led to a trend towards shorter turn-around times and more cost-effective choices. Analysis tools that were previously only available at research laboratories, such as the mass spectrometer and polymerace chain reaction (PCR), have now made their way to university hospital laboratories and even mid-sized laboratories. Organisational changes have increased the need to monitor the pre-analytical steps. The specimen can be drawn from the patient in a satellite laboratory, which may be located several hours from the central laboratory. The increased transportation times may change the analytical properties of the specimens, which is why the stability of different analytes should be investigated thoroughly in different temperatures. It should be born in mind that doctors are treating the patients based on the results they receive from the laboratory. To avoid possible malpractice, the analytical properties should remain reliable. Traditionally, some analyses have been carried out manually, which is known to be time-consuming and carries the possibility of wide intra-observatory mistakes. For that reason, it would be reasonable to perform some manual analyses, such as body fluid analysis, in an automated manner. Automating the manual steps taken in the laboratory would release labour for other tasks and may increase the cost-effectiveness of the work. Organisational changes have redirected the needs of a clinical laboratory towards automated options instead of manual ones and finding more economically-based alternatives to replace or complement traditional methods.
Analysis of Artesunate and Amodiaquine in Double Layer Tablets: development and validation of an HPLC method
The main task for most development-intensive organisations is to create, develop and commercialise new products and services. The technology push (TP) concept is considered an important competitive advantage for companies trying to create breakthrough products. Because development processes are risky and failure rates are high, especially in the case of technology pushed projects, defined success factors are valuable knowledge for the management of development-intensive firms.The prime objective of this study is to present a compact set of TP project success factors in an information and communication technology (ICT) context. Because the literature on new product development and innovation has presented many success factors for developed products, but has done so in a way that presents the factors as having a nebulous nature, the specification of TP success factors is also presented. The success factors are also empirically validated. The goal of the validation was to determine the relevance of the success factors introduced, and potentially define new ones. The validation was performed through an empirical study with semi-structured company interviews.As a result of this study we concluded that one success factor defined through the literature review should be removed due to a lack of relevance, that the other twelve success factors were validated, and three new success factors were identified during the empirical study. Eventually fifteen TP success factors are defined and presented.The practical relevance of this study is to help firm management to recognise the real actions needed to reduce product development risks. The theoretical relevance is in helping scholars to focus on key issues when studying the key factors of breakthrough development cases.
Studies on the validity and reliability of the Structured Assessment of Violence Risk in Youth (SAVRY) in Finnish institutional settings
Validation of a non-competitive immunofluorescent sandwich assay : human osteocalcin in urine
Verification and validation in scientific computing
Evaluation of new laboratory methods for routine use
Improving product development process through verification and validation
Categorical meteorological products : evaluation and analysis
Fundamentals of satellite remote sensing : an environmental approach
Methods for building semantic portals
New LC-MS assays for drugs and endogenous compounds in small-volume biological samples
Validation of a plasma calcium test on the Konelab 20i analyzer
Developing technology pushed breakthroughs : defining and assessing success factors in ICT industry
This thesis was carried out during the summer and autumn of 2009 in the Quality Control Department of an African pharmaceutical manufacturing plant Universal Corporation Ltd. (UCL). The aim of the thesis was to develop and validate an HPLC (High Performance Liquid Chromatography) method for simultaneous analysis of artesunate and amodiaquine from an antimalarial drug called "Double Layer Tablets". Because of Double Layer Tablets being a new product to be launched, any validated method for its analysis did not exist in the Quality Control Laboratory. Therefore, the development of the method had to be based on the knowledge of separate analyses of the substances and the test analyses made in the laboratory with one combined method. In this thesis common method validation parameters such as linearity and accuracy were tested.    Earlier test analyses had cleared out that the most complicated problem in this simultaneous analysis was to get the responses of artesunate and amodiaquine closer to each others values. While amodiaquine was giving a very decent peak (response), the response for artesunate was significantly smaller than could be expected on the ground of the one tablet concentration. The difference in response magnitudes made simultaneous analysis more inaccurate and difficult to interpret so the attention was to be paid to the HPLC parameters of the method. In hope of changing the ratio of responses, the detection wavelength used in the test analyses was changed. Spectra of both artesunate and amodiaquine were found out and from them two most potential wavelength chosen for the analyses.     The aim of getting artesunate and amodiaquine analyzed with one method at the same time and getting the peaks in same scale was not reached by these changes made. Artesunate was still giving responses that were not meeting the requirements.    Although simultaneous analysis did not succeed by these changes, there is still some hope to get the method working. The detection wavelength could be changed again and the effects of it in practise checked in the same way as in this thesis. If in the future the detection still seems to be the biggest problem of a combined method, the active ingredients should probably be analyzed separately with their own methods known to be working.  .
Physiological loading during normal daily life and exercise assessed with electromyography
Development of fast analysis methods for extractives in papermaking process waters
Clustering validation
Validation of a 3D model for oxygen combustion in a circulating fluidized bed
Prognostic models in traumatic brain injury
Cluster validity in clustering methods
A validation study of the home sleep monitoring device Beddit Sleep Tracker
Abstract: Method validation - Enumeration of coagulase-positive staphy-lococci  This Bachelor's thesis was carried out for the Laboratory of Microbiology Quality of Valio R&D. The purpose of this thesis was to introduce an alternative method for the enumeration of coagulase-positive staphylococci which gives the final results quicker and is more cost-effective than the current ISO 6888-1: 1999 -reference method. The specifications of the validation were relative accuracy, linearity, precision and specificity.    The alternative methods, which were compared to the reference method, were chosen to be Brilliance Staph 24 and ISO 6888-2: 1999 (RPF) -techniques. The relative accuracy of the methods was studied with dairy products, which were artificially contaminated with three different contamination levels of Staphylococcus aureus -strain. The linearity of the methods was compared with one matrix and five different contamination levels. Certified reference material was used to determine the precision and specificity of the methods. The specificity of the methods was determined by inoculating closely related S. aureus -strains to the compared mediums and by examining normal matrix.    No significant differences were observed between the mean counts obtained in all of the alternative methods. Alternative methods had high (r > 0,99) correlation indices between the reference method. The accuracy and reproducibility of the alternative methods were acceptable level. The specificity of ISO 6888-1: 1999 -reference method gave some overestimations of coagulase-positive staphylococci due to overgrowth with competing flora. This added the need of tube coagulase tests and increased operating expenses of the method.    On the basis of the results of this thesis Brilliance Staph 24 was chosen to be taken into use at Valio. Brilliance Staph 24 showed a good degree of equivalence to the ISO 6888-1: 1999 -reference method for the enumeration of coagulase positive staphylococci. Brilliance Staph 24 was highly more specific compared to the current reference method, which allows lower numbers of confirmation tests.    Brilliance Staph 24 -medium is now FINAS-accredited and in use at Valio in Laboratory of Microbiology Quality and Lapinlahti Regional Laboratory.
