http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20632 diverse knowhow
diverse knowhow
Ethnicity and healthcare practice : a guide for the primary care team
Multinationals and cross-cultural management : the transfer of knowledge within multinational corporations
Cultural competence : a primer for educators
Understanding cultural identity in intervention and assessment
Rabbi Abraham Ibn Ezra : studies in the writings of a twelfth-century Jewish polymath
Interaction in multidisciplinary teams
New school ties : social capital and cultural knowledge creation in multicultural learning environments
The competent teacher 2010-2020 : the competences of teaching staff in upper secondary vocational education and training : final report
Responding to changing student demographics in Finland : a study of teachers' developing cultural competence
Reflecting on culture in the classroom : complexities of navigating third spaces in teacher education
Cultural intelligence : CQ: the competetive edge for leaders crossing borders
Key qualifications in work and education
Building cultural competence : innovative activities and models
Managerial competence within the hospitality and tourism service industries : global cultural contextual analysis
Guide to culturally competent health care
The Utilization of Employee Competencies : A comparison between Vamp and Wärtsilä
Third party in workplace conflicts : the mediator's conflict management and intercultural competences
Actor-musicianship is a permanent feature of the musical theatre landscape. Actor-musician shows can be seen from Bradford to Broadway, from village halls to international arena tours. However, with the exception of a couple of academic papers, there has been nothing written about this fascinating area of theatre practice. Jeremy Harrison's book addresses this deficit, operating as both a record of the development of the actor-musician movement and as a practical guide for students, educators, performers and practitioners. It explores the history of actor-musicianship, examining its origins, as well as investigating – and offering guidance on – how this specialist form of music theatre is created.
Essays on managing cultural impacts in multinational projects
Nurses' experiences of multicultural clients in sexual and reproductive health care in Kokkola
Constructing intercultural competence in Italian social service and healthcare organizations : pedagogical design, effectiveness research, and alternative visions for promoting ethnorelativism
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
Bicultural competence in the context of remigration
Four skills of cultural diversity competence : a process of understanding and practice
Cultural competence in nursing : nurses' perceptions : a literature review
Interdisciplinary Mentoring in Science: Strategies for Success is a practical and engaging resource on interdisciplinary mentoring in all fields of science. This book outlines what successful mentoring is, what it is not and how these important concepts relate to scientists today. Chapters include real-world examples, tips, and interviews and content is backed by current evidence and research. This reference discusses the benefits and challenges of building a mentoring relationship and highlights noteworthy topics such as mentoring minorities and women and mentoring to achieve change. The book's author is the recipient of the Leading Diversity Award from the National Cancer Institute. The book includes a foreword by Julie Thompson Klein who is a Professor of Humanities, English/Interdisciplinary Studies and Faculty Fellow in the Office for Teaching and Learning at Wayne State University in Detroit, Michigan. Dr. Klein is the past president of the Association for Integrative Studies (AIS) and former editor of the AIS journal, Issues in Integrative Studies. The goal of this book is to provide readers with a better understanding of the mentoring relationship and the overall process as it applies to the increasingly interdisciplinary field of science. Highlights mistaken beliefs about mentoring within a scientific environmentWritten in a conversational tone and supported by evidence-based researchFocuses on interdisciplinary mentoring in science and the modern dynamic of science and new scientific approaches to complex approachesIncludes note sections where readers can write down key topics or ideas from each chapter.
Generalist social work practice : an empowering approach
Nurses' self-reported attitudes concerning transcultural nursing : LOG-Health Project
Evidence-based practices in providing culturally competent nursing care for ethnic minority patients in years 2000-2009: a literature review
Interdisciplinary mentoring in science : strategies for success
The experiences of multicultural patients regarding the attitudes of nurses : a literature review
Tiivistelmä: Ethnic Sensitive Substance Abuse Work, Services for Non-Finnish Speaking Clients in Substance Abuse Treatment Units in Finland Today.
Intercultural learning in non-formal education : theoretical framework and starting points
Documentary & diversity : a collection of reflections : the impact of the NSSE programme on institutions and individuals : 2006-2014
Health care in a multicultural society : the perception of health care professionals about their clinical cultural competence in Central Ostrobothnia Central Hospital, Kokkola
Looking at diversity in different ways
Compassion and caring in nursing
Accessing health care : a look into the culture of foreigners living in Salo, Finland for better service provision
Developing critical cultural competence : a guide for 21st-century educators
Migrant friendly hospital : a literature review
Pain expression in different cultures : a qualitative study of the analysis for the cues of pain in different cultures
Global knowledge work : diversity and relational perspectives
Improving the customer service of foreign customers in a Case Company
Today, the multiculturalism of any company’s clientele is increasing and the role of different cultures in customer service situations is growing. The topic for this thesis emerged from the author’s own experiences as a customer servant in the Case Company that was the commissioner of this thesis. The Company has plenty of foreign customers in the Oulu region and thus, improving the customer service of foreign customers is a current and an important issue. The objective of the thesis was to examine how the customer service of foreign customers in the Case Company could be improved in practice. The study focused on the main channels of customer service in the Company: telephone services, electronic customer service and customer service at the service desk. The objective was also to introduce ideas for creating even more pleasant intercultural customer service situations for both the customer servants and the foreign customers of the Case Company in the future. The study was conducted using three qualitative research methods: an email interview, document analyses and participant observations. The collected data was analyzed and interpreted in the context of theories about customer service, intercultural communication and intercultural competence. The results of the study suggested that the key to improving the customer service of foreign customers in the Case Company would be to offer regular training for the customer servants and to invest in developing the electronic customer service for foreign customers. Creating a comprehensive plan for consistently improving the customer service of foreign customers in the future could be more effective than single improvements.
The cultural intelligence difference : master the one skill you can't do without in today's global economy
Cultural competence in health care : a practical guide
Transcultural concepts in nursing care
Multi-professional view on health and culture of elderly immigrants
Abstract: Analysis of good practices and used methods in research articles of  culturally competent care : applied systematic literature review.  Background: The ever-increasing multicultural population in the world creates a significant challenge to nurses providing  individualized and holistic care to their patients. Finland is one of the countries that are facing these challenges. In between  1973 and 2003, 22 250 refugees immigrated to Finland and they started facing problems related to cultural differences. The  social and health care system then needs to develop cultural competence care in immigration population. This final project is  a part of Local and Global Development in Health Care, which is a joint project between social and health care.  Purpose: The purpose of this final project is to describe the best practices and used research methods in culturally competent  care.  Method: Using an applied systematic literature review, the author appraise the methodological rigor of studies published in  English from 2000-2009. These include: qualitative and quantitative study, full article for review, and targeted studies to  describe the best practices and used research methods in culturally competent care. The most common reasons for exclusion  were that the finding was not relevant to the study questions. The conceptual framework for this study is based on the  Papadopoulos, Tilki and Taylor model for developing cultural competence.  Results: This study describes the best practices and used research methods in culturally competent care. This review  confirms that there was uniformity of used methods in the articles. These are: interviews and questioners, and surveys from  recorded or available data. These methods help to explore the minority's experience of culturally competent care in health  care. This best practices analysis describe that racial and ethnic minority respondents were more likely to perceive bias and  lack of culturally competent care when seeking treatment in the health care system overall than whites. Perceptions of  racism and mistrust of whites had a significant negative effect on trust and satisfaction from received care. Patients'  preferences for a same race or same ethnicity physician were also associated as a preferable encounter in patient-physician  relationships.  Conclusion: This review confirms that there is uniformity in the data collecting methods such as focus group and telephone  interviews, questioners and records or available method. These methods help to identify the minority's challenges in their  health and illness needs. According to this review the minority patient were experiencing different challenges and bias.  Some of the challenges were language barriers, language and racial discriminations, and communication problems. These  kinds of problems lead the minority patients to dissatisfaction of their care and poor communication. Developing  transcultural nursing practice is a key factor to minimize cultural challenges and to provide quality patient care.
Cultural intelligence : living and working globally
International business strategy : theory and practice
Finnish expatriates' adaptation to a multicultural environment
Multicultural issues in counseling : new approaches to diversity
Cultural competence : nursing science perspective : concept analysis
Intercultural and multicultural education : enhancing global interconnectedness
Intercultural competence development of Finnish higher education personnel : case: Lahti UAS
Abstract: The purpose of this final project was to explore the nurses' perceptions of cultural competence in nursing.  This final project is based on 15 scientific research articles. The data was collected using Cinahl, Sage Journals, Pubmed, Wiley Interscience and manual search through the library journal collections. Literature review was used as a methodology. A critical appraisal was conducted to ensure the literature suitability to this final project. Deductive content analysis approach was adopted to analyze the data. The Papadopoulos Tilki and Taylor model for developing cultural competence was used as the conceptual framework. This model entails "Cultural Awareness, Cultural Knowledge, Cultural Sensitivity and Cultural Competence".  The findings of this literature review showed that cultural competence encompasses:  (a) Nurses abilities to do self-cultural assessment and point out those aspects of it that are at variance with the patient's values, beliefs and practices. (b) Having an ability and interest in understanding other cultures and the application of cultural knowledge when encountering people from other cultures at their best interests. (c) The ability to use a holistic approach when caring for culturally different patients. And the willingness to provide care that is based on respect, empathy, understanding and that takes into consideration the patients' cultural and religious needs. (d) And having the willingness and the ability to put into use the previously gained cultural awareness, cultural knowledge, cultural sensitivity and nursing skills.  Despite the fact that some nurses did not know and/or have never heard of the term cultural competence, in all reviewed research articles nurses were able to identify different components that make up a culturally competent care. Further research is needed on how nurses address and challenge discriminatory practices and racism as this was given less or non-importance by the nurses, and considering the fact that it was important in the framework of this final project.
Consideration and Utilization of Employees' Cultural Backgrounds : case Company: Global Intelligence Alliance Group Oy
Ethnic sensitive substance abuse work : services for non-Finnish speaking clients in substance abuse treatment units in Finland today
Multicultural social work practice : a competency-based approach to diversity and social justice
Improving the customer service of foreign customers in a case company
Anti-oppressive social work : a guide for developing cultural competence
Transcultural caring dynamics in nursing and health care
Actor-musicianship
Effective education for all : implementing positive behavior support in early childhood through high school
Cultural competence : a lifelong journey to cultural proficiency
Work among the elderly
Cross-cultural management in work organisations
Race, culture, and counselling
Forget IQ and EQ; for today's global leaders, CQ, Cultural Intelligence, is the essential attribute for achieving business goals.
The process of internalisation of education in Finland during the last decades has led to the establishment of programmes with English as the teaching language. This has increased the number of foreigners that study in Finland. The purpose of this study was to increase the understanding of foreign nurses' lived experiences in Finland.  Five interviewees participated in this qualitative approach study with individual semi-structured interviews. The research question was as the following: What is the lived experience of foreign nurses who are working in Finnish health care system. The study focused on the lived experience of former students of PIRAMK, who have started their working career in public health care institutons in Tampere. Through data analysis, six major topics were revealed: the importance of professionalism, the importance of good Finnish language skills, good working environment, good and equal working conditions for everyone. The forth topic was the uneasy feeling of being a foreigner, despite the fact that informants have studied in Finland. The fifth topic is the cultural gap between Finnish and informants' own cultural background. Sixth major topic was the possible advantages they have as foreigners. The results showed the overlapping of these themes: language, cultural acculturation and professional attitude interact among each other and all contribute to succesful work of foreign nurses and their environment. The predicted internalisation of nursing field in Finland will probably increase the need for in-depth studies of similar topics.
Finland's National Forest Programme 2010 : follow-up report 2005-2006
Covers the cross-cultural social relations in the work setting, and provides an evaluation of the frameworks for understanding cross-cultural differences. This book contains case studies and examples taken from various regions of the world. It focuses on the issues and frameworks underlying the study of culture like the role of language.
Analysis of best practices and used methods in research articles of culturally competent care: applied systematic literature review
Summary.
The lived experience of foreign nurses working in Finland
Analysis of best practices and used methods in research articles of culturally competent care : applied systematic literature review
The Sage handbook of intercultural competence
Leading with cultural intelligence : the new secret to success
An analysis of participants’ experiences of HELMO workshops
Intercultural Competence : managing Cultural Diversity : training handbook
A global view on intercultural management : challenges in a globalized world
The process of cultural competence in the delivery of healthcare services : a culturally competent model of care
Intercultural communication : globalization and social justice
The process of cultural competence in the delivery of healthcare services : the journey continues
Counseling across cultures
Finland's national forest programme 2015 : more welfare from diverse forests : government resolution
Working with ethnic minorities and across cultures in western child protection systems
SELL IT SAP UPGRADE IMPLEMENTATION - SHOULD CHANGE MANAGEMENT BE AS EXTENSIVE AS THE EFFECT OF THE CHANGE?
Teachers' intercultural learning and competence
Pain expression in different cultures : a quality study of the analysis for the cues of pain in different cultures
Multicultural counseling competencies : assessment, education and training, and supervision
Cross-cultural management in work organisations / Ray French
Expectations and experiences of nursing care : a study of Nigerian communities in Helsinki region, Finland
Diversity and cultural competence in health care : a systems approach
Song, poetry, and images in writing : Sami literature
Cultural awareness in nursing and health care : an introductory text
