http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2061 war industry
war industry
Policy and economic performance in divided Korea during the Cold War era : 1945-91
House of war : the Pentagon and the disastrous rise of american power
The activities of transnational corporations in the industrial, mining and military sectors of Southern Africa
The economics of defence, disarmament and peace : an annotated bibliography
The angry genie : one man's walk through the nuclear age
Naval shipbuilders of the world : from the age of sail to the present day
The spy
The europeanization of defence industry policy
Build the ships
Privatization in NACC countries : defence industry experiences and policies and experiences in related fields : colloquium, 29-30 June, 1 July 1994, Brussels = Privatisation dans les pays du CCNA : expériences et politiques des industries de défence et expériences dans les domaines connexes : colloque, 29-30 juin, 1er juillet 1994, Bruxelles
Sex, bombs and burgers : how war, porn and fast food created technology as we know it
The screen is red : Hollywood, communism, and the Cold War
The whole truth
Working-class culture, women, and Britain, 1914-1921
Chinese economic reform : the impact on security
New conventional weapons and East-West security
Britain's war machine : weapons, resources, and experts in the Second World War
Secrets of the singer girls
Local consequences of the global Cold War
The anatomy of Russian defense conversion
Demilitarisation and Restucturing of the Defence Sector in Russia in 1989-98
The arms dynamic in world politics
Handbook of defense economics . Vol. 2, Defense in a globalized world
Pentagonism : a substitute for imperialism
Modern military matters : studying and managing the twentieth-century defence heritage in Britain : a discussion document
The Kaiser's army : the politics of military technology in Germany during the Machine Age, 1870-1918
Technical innovation and British economic performance
Democratic socialism and the cost of defence : the report and papers of the Labour Party defence study group
The genesis of new weapons : decision making for military R & D
The gun merchants : politics and policies of the major arms suppliers
Drivers behind the internationalisation of the defence business : perspective of some Finnish experts
Counter-terrorism : weapons & equipment
Military expenditures and economic growth
War stars : the superweapon and the American imagination
Hammer and rifle : the militarization of the Soviet Union, 1926-1933
The Remaking of social contracts : global feminists in the 21st century
Rulers, guns, and money : the global arms trade in the age of imperialism
The war atlas : armed conflict - armed peace
Restructuring and reform : business development, opportunities in military industry, conversion to civilian markets
The Manhattan Projects = MP. 6
"The Korean peninsula during the Cold War provided a cruel but historically unparalleled real-world "experiment" in the relationship between polity and material advance: an ethnically and culturally homogenous nation was, in 1945, suddenly divided by an arbitrary boundary line and then subjected to two radically different and adversarial political economies for successive decades on end. Assessing the competition between the North and South Korean economies from partition to the end of the Soviet era, Nicholas Eberstadt argues that the storyline is not quite as simple as the now-prevailing narrative suggests (that centrally-planned economies are doomed to fail against market-oriented alternatives). Rather, he suggests, the race for material progress was just that: a race, the results of which were far from preordained at the outset. In Policy and Economic Performance in Divided Korea during the Cold War Era: 1945-91, Eberstadt presents an impressive compilation of hard-to-find comparative data on economic performance for the Democratic People's Republic of Korea (DPRK, or North Korea) and the Republic of Korea (ROK, or South Korea) over two critical generations. By a number of indicators, Eberstadt argues, Kim Il Sung's North Korea actually outperformed South Korea for much of this period -- not only in the years immediately following partition, but perhaps also into the 1970s. To explain these surprising results, Eberstadt details the impact of government policies on the course of growth of both economies and offers some unorthodox observations about material performance under these two contending polities. He finds that prevailing economic development theory on such issues as planned-versus-market economies, military burden, and the relationship between material advance and poverty, may require reexamination in light of the experience of the two Koreas between partition and the end of the Cold War." --Back cover.
Human smoke : the beginnings of World War II, the end of civilization
The factory girls
The Manhattan Projects = MP. 1
Government-company relationships in the arms industry: between change and stability : Cost Action A 10 : Proceedings of the workshop organised by the Cost Action A 10 Ŕestructuring of defence industries ́working group and University of Versailles-Saint-Quentin, C3ed at the École des mines, Paris, 12 November 1998
Speer : the final verdict
Corporate warriors : the rise of the privatized military industry
Russia's potential in the 21st century
Finnish military spending policy, 1920-1938 : a question of responding to Russian/Soviet threat or domestic pressures?
Conversion of military industries in China
The wages of destruction : the making and breaking of the Nazi economy
Warfare state : Britain, 1920-1970
Hitler's war machine
The war business : The international trade in armaments
One world, big screen : Hollywood, the Allies and World War II
The Baroque arsenal
A century of war : Anglo-American oil politics and the new world order
The gunpowder and glory girls
Pedlar of death : the life of Sir Basil Zaharoff
Conversion of armaments industry essential
Their finest hour and a half
Relationship among stocks returns : a study of international defense companies
The marketing of war in the age of neo-militarism
The rise of the gunbelt : the military remapping of industrial America
The U.S. Navy and the origins of the military-industrial complex, 1847-1883
Plans for Stalin's war machine : Tukhachevskii and military-economic planning, 1925-1941
The Manhattan Projects = MP. 3.
Vietnam images : war and representation
The American aircraft factory in World War II
The new northern security agenda : perspectives from Finland and Sweden
The defence industry in East-Central Europe : restructuring and conversion
Machine gun : the development of the machine gun from the nineteenth century of the present day
Transnational corporations, armaments and development : a study of transnational military production, international transfer of military technology and their impact on development
Virtuous war : mapping the military-industrial-media-entertainment network
Readings in European security. Vol. 2
The Manhattan Projects = MP. 5
Postinternationalism and small arms control : theory, politics, security
The structure of the defense industry : an international survey
The familiar image of the British in the Second World War is that of the plucky underdog taking on German might. David Edgerton's bold, compelling new history shows the conflict in a new light, with Britain as a very wealthy country, formidable in arms, ruthless in pursuit of its interests, and in command of a global production system. Rather than belittled by a Nazi behemoth, Britain arguably had the world's most advanced mechanized forces. It had not only a great empire, but allies large and small. Edgerton shows that Britain fought on many fronts and its many home fronts kept it exceptionally well supplied with weapons, food and oil, allowing it to mobilize to an extraordinary extent. It created and deployed a vast empire of machines, from the humble tramp steamer to the battleship, from the rifle to the tank, made in colossal factories the world over. Scientists and engineers invented new weapons, encouraged by a government and prime minister enthusiastic about the latest technologies. The British, indeed Churchillian, vision of war and modernity was challenged by repeated defeat at the hands of less well-equipped enemies. Yet the end result was a vindication of this vision. Like the United States, a powerful Britain won a cheap victory, while others paid a great price. Putting resources, machines and experts at the heart of a global rather than merely imperial story, Britain's War Machine demolishes timeworn myths about wartime Britain and gives us a groundbreaking and often unsettling picture of a great power in action.
Enhancement of national collaboration between defence establishment and industry by systems approach
Wake up and dream
Proceedings of a symposium on the post-Soviet military-industrial complex : Stockholm, October 20, 1993
Russia in the 21st century : the prodigal superpower
The Manhattan Projects = MP. 4
The Manhattan Projects = MP. 2
The military origins of industrialisation and international trade rivalry : Gautam Sen
Between human and machine : feedback, control, and computing before cybernetics
Death in a strange country
The new nuclear danger : George W. Bush's military-industrial complex
Ukraine and integration in the east : economic, military and military-industrial relations
Handbook of defense economics. Vol. 1 [Elektronisk resurs]
The munitions girls
Arms and the state : patterns of military production and trade
Counsels of war
Geopolitics to geopolinomics : a case study of political domination through economic means : the Canadian defence industry
Arms industry limited
Making peace pay : a bibliography on disarmament and conversion
Building the Trident network : a study of the enrollment of people, knowledge, and machines
The defense industry
Biohazard : the chilling true story of the largest covert biological weapons program in the world, told from the inside by the man who ran it
