http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20603 cultural philosophy
cultural philosophy
'Pataphysics : a useless guide
Theodor Adorno : key concepts
The prose of the world
Politics : key concepts in philosophy
The Event in Science, History, Philosophy & Art
The spirit of the game : navigational aids for the next century
A study of history. Volume VI
Tantalus, or, The future of man
The Greeks and Greek civilization
Buffy the vampire slayer and philosophy : fear and trembling in Sunnydale
Four essays on aesthetics : toward a global view
Les pouvoirs des désirs indicibles = The powers of the unsayable desires
Comments on the society of the spectacle
Wooden eyes : nine reflections on distance
The philosophy of civilization. Part I : The decay and the restoration of civilization
Universe of the mind : a semiotic theory of culture
The shaping of modern thought
Nietzsche and philosophy
In the beginning, she was
Civilization : an essay
"The New York Times bestselling author of The Rational Optimist and Genome returns with a fascinating, brilliant argument for evolution that definitively dispels a dangerous, widespread myth: that we can command and control our world.The Evolution of Everything is about bottom-up order and its enemy, the top-down twitch--the endless fascination human beings have for design rather than evolution, for direction rather than emergence. Drawing on anecdotes from science, economics, history, politics and philosophy, Matt Ridley's wide-ranging, highly opinionated opus demolishes conventional assumptions that major scientific and social imperatives are dictated by those on high, whether in government, business, academia, or morality. On the contrary, our most important achievements develop from the bottom up. Patterns emerge, trends evolve. Just as skeins of geese form Vs in the sky without meaning to, and termites build mud cathedrals without architects, so brains take shape without brain-makers, learning can happen without teaching and morality changes without a plan.Although we neglect, defy and ignore them, bottom-up trends shape the world. The growth of technology, the sanitation-driven health revolution, the quadrupling of farm yields so that more land can be released for nature--these were largely emergent phenomena, as were the Internet, the mobile phone revolution, and the rise of Asia. Ridley demolishes the arguments for design and effectively makes the case for evolution in the universe, morality, genes, the economy, culture, technology, the mind, personality, population, education, history, government, God, money, and the future.As compelling as it is controversial, authoritative as it is ambitious, Ridley's stunning perspective will revolutionize the way we think about our world and how it works"--
Friedrich Nietzsche and the politics of transfiguration
A study of history. Volume III
Environmental philosophy : a collection of readings
An intimate history of humanity
In the shadow of to-morrow : a diagnosis of the spiritual distemper of our time
Nietzsche's moral philosophy
An essay on man : an introduction to a philosophy of human culture
The dilemma of modernity : philosophy, culture, and anti-culture
"In this paper, four theories on the causes of civil war are reviewed. One theory, associated with Paul Collier, emphasises feasibility over factors related to grievance. A second theory, espoused by Frances Stewart, focuses on the role of horizontal inequalities. The third theory, identified with William Zartman, highlights the different roles “need, creed and greed” factors play in various phases of a conflict. And the fourth theory, associated with the World Bank / World Development Report 2011, points out “commitment” problems leading to institutional failures as a crucial factor. Each of the theories leads to quite different policy conclusions. Their strengths and weaknesses, and their claimed empirical support, are discussed.In addition, some of the mechanisms underpinning the theories are highlighted on the basis of empirical data. In particular, the central role of horizontal inequalities between social groups is discussed." --Publisher's description.
Experiments against reality : the fate of culture in the postmodern age
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
Noam Chomsky : on power, knowledge and human nature
But what if we're wrong? : thinking about the present as if it were the past
Beast and man : the roots of human nature
Historical philosophy in France and french Belgium and Switzerland
Philosophical designs for a socio-cultural transformation : beyond violence and the modern era
Reading Cavell
A study of history. Volume IV
Surviving the future
Early polemical writings
Dialectic of enlightenment : philosophical fragments
A historical introduction to the philosophy of science
Unfolding meaning : a weekend of dialogue with David Bohm
How to read Foucault
Explaining culture : the social pursuit of subjective order
One-way street and other writings
Anti-Oedipus : capitalism and schizophrenia
"A book that makes the case for evolution over design and skewers a widespread but dangerous myth: that we have ultimate control over our world"--
A study of history. Volume VIII
Interpretation, relativism, and the metaphysics of culture : themes in the philosophy of Joseph Margolis
What is humanism? : the Lindley lecture, University of Kansas, October 19, 1976
Not with a bang but a whimper : the politics and culture of decline
Philosophies of nature : the human dimension : in celebration of Erazim Kohák
Real presences : is there anything in what we say?
In my father's house : Africa in the philosphy of culture
The force of the virtual : Deleuze, science, and philosophy
Hearth and horizon : cultural identity and global humanity in Czech philosophy
The hidden pleasures of life : a new way of remembering the past and imagining the future
Norbert Elias and empirical research
Individualism and the Japanese : an alternative approach to cultural comparison
Pornography and silence : culture's revenge against nature
The symbolic construction of reality : the legacy of Ernst Cassirer
Philosophizing the everyday : revolutionary praxis and the fate of cultural theory
What is philosophy?
The idea of culture / Terry Eagleton
Philosophy as cultural politics
The life of reason, or, The phases of human progress
Ideals & idols : Essays on values in history and in art
The idea of progress
The urgency of theory
Ludwig Wittgenstein--a cultural point of view : philosophy in the darkness of this time
Signs of the times : deconstruction and the fall of Paul de Man
The truth of Žižek
After Nietzsche : notes towards a philosophy of ecstasy
Cultures of natural history
Either/or. Part I
Hav : comprising last letters from Hav ; Hav of the Myrmidons
Take care of freedom and truth will take care of itself : interviews with Richard Rorty
The way of all women
Interpretation : ways of thinking about the sciences and the arts
Reading the new Nietzsche : The Birth of Tragedy, The Gay Science, Thus Spoke Zarathustra, and On the Genealogy of Morals
A study of history. Volume V
Dialectic of enlightenment
The logic of the cultural sciences : five studies
Deleuze and the genesis of representation
On criticism
Body, epistemology, interpretation : Friedrich Nietzsche and Karl Kerényi
What? : are these the twenty most important questions in human history
Parallax : a journal of metadiscursive theory and cultural practices
Cultural relativism and philosophy : North and Latin American perspectives
The dance of life : the other dimension of time
A study of history. Volume II
The conduct of life : a philosophical reading
A study of history. Volume VII
Culture and the death of God
THE CANTEMIR MODEL IN OUR CULTURE = MODELUL CANTEMIR IN CULTURA NOASTRA SAU MEMORIU CATRE CEL DE SUS ASUPRA SITUATIEI SPIRITULUI IN CELE TREI TARI ROMANESTI / OR MEMO TO THE ONE-ABOVE REGARDING THE SITUATION OF THE SPIRIT IN THE THREE ROMANIAN PROVINCES ; TRANSLATED BY BOGDAN STEFANESCU
Civilization ; and, Old friends
Southern historiography in modern history : figural and philosophical aspects of historical discourse in Virginia and South Carolina, 1800-1844
In 1872, Jacob Burckhardt, one of the preeminent historians of classical and Renaissance culture, presented this revolutionary work, which portrays ancient Greek culture as an aristocratic world based on a ruthless competition for honor, a competition that led, in turn, to a tyranous state with minimal personal freedoms. Burckhardt's landmark project, the culmination of thirty years of scholarlship by leading Oxford historian, Oswyn Murray, offers a rich cultural history of a fascinating society.
Cultural theory and popular culture : an introduction
Bodies of resistance : new phenomenologies of politics, agency, and culture
Philosophy after postmodernism : civilized values and the scope of knowledge
Culture and value
Problems of men
Alternative visions : paths in the global village
Philosophical sketches
A scientific theory of culture and other essays
Profane mythology : the savage mind of the cinema
The culture of narcissism : American life in an age of diminishing expectations
Jameson on Jameson : conversations on cultural Marxism
Labyrinths of the mind : the self in the postmodern age
The transparency of evil : essays on extreme phenomena
History and cultural theory
Elements of visual design in the landscape
The two cultures: and a second look : an expanded version of the Two cultures and the scientific revolution
Mastering philosophy
The genteel tradition in American philosophy and character and opinion in the United States
What is cultural history?
The life of reason or the phases of human progress
The God who is there : speaking historic Christianity into the twentieth century
Narrating community after Kant : Schiller, Goethe, and Hölderlin
Politics and culture : working hypotheses for a post-revolutionary society
A field guide to getting lost
To have or to be
Douglas on ritual, order, and dirt
The biology of human action
A terrible beauty : the people and ideas that shaped the modern mind : a history
Conditions handsome and unhandsome : the constitution of Emersonian perfectionism : the Carus lectures, 1988
The self and its other : philosophical essays
A study of history. Volume IX
The construction of social reality
Nature's due : healing our fragmented culture
A study of history. Volume X
Imagologies : media philosophy
The fate of ideas : seductions, betrayals, appraisals
Objectivity and cultural divergence
Freedom and culture
The great frontier
A field guide to melancholy
Patterns for America : modernism and the concept of culture
The logic of the humanities
History of madness
Real-time hermeneutics : meaning-making in ludonarrative digital games
What it means to be an American
'Pataphysics : the poetics of an imaginary science
Logic in Central and Eastern Europe : history, science, and discourse
Nietzsche's prophecy : the crisis in meaning
Inequality and identity : causes of war?
A study of history. Volume I
Genes, mind, and culture : the coevolutionary process
Culture and human nature : theoretical papers of Melford E. Spiro
The origin of cultures : how individual choices make cultures change
Selected writings
The evolution of everything : how new ideas emerge
A study of history
Harry Potter and philosophy : if Aristotle ran Hogwarts
The concept of irony
The triangle of representation
In praise of science : curiosity, understanding, and progress
"But What If We're Wrong visualizes the contemporary world as it will appear to those who'll perceive it as the distant past. We live in a culture of casual certitude. This has always been the case, no matter how often that certainty has failed. Though no generation believes there's nothing left to learn, every generation unconsciously assumes that what has already been defined and accepted is (probably) pretty close to how reality will be viewed in perpetuity. And then, of course, time passes. Ideas shift. Opinions invert. What once seemed reasonable eventually becomes absurd, replaced by modern perspectives that feel even more irrefutable and secure--until, of course, they don't. But What If We're Wrong? visualizes the contemporary world as it will appear to those who'll perceive it as the distant past. Chuck Klosterman asks questions that are profound in their simplicity: How certain are we about our understanding of gravity? How certain are we about our understanding of time? What will be the defining memory of rock music, five hundred years from today? How seriously should we view the content of our dreams? How seriously should we view the content of television? Are all sports destined for extinction? Is it possible that the greatest artist of our era is currently unknown (or--weirder still--widely known, but entirely disrespected)? Is it possible that we "overrate" democracy? And perhaps most disturbing, is it possible that we've reached the end of knowledge? Kinetically slingshotting through a broad spectrum of objective and subjective problems, But What If We're Wrong? is built on interviews with a variety of creative thinkers--George Saunders, David Byrne, Jonathan Lethem, Kathryn Schulz, Neil deGrasse Tyson, Brian Greene, Junot Díaz, Amanda Petrusich, Ryan Adams, Nick Bostrom, Dan Carlin, and Richard Linklater, among others--interwoven with the type of high-wire humor and nontraditional analysis only Klosterman would dare to attempt. It's a seemingly impossible achievement: a book about the things we cannot know, explained as if we did. It's about how we live now, once "now" has become "then.""-- Provided by publisher.
The conduct of life
