http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20656 systems architecture
systems architecture
TOGAF® version 9 : a pocket guide
Internet architecture and innovation
Data as a service : a framework for providing reusable enterprise data services
Abstract.
Information architecture in web design : Case Lähde työelämään - Spring to Work
Building the agile enterprise : with SOA, BPM and MBM
SAP Basis administration handbook : NetWeaver edition
Component-oriented software system architectures
Information architecture for the Web and beyond
Enterprise architectures and digital administration : planning design and assessment
"Information security is the act of protecting information from unauthorized access, use, disclosure, disruption, modification, or destruction. This book discusses why information security is needed and how security problems can have widespread impacts. It covers the complete security lifecycle of products and services, starting with requirements and policy development and progressing through development, deployment, and operations, and concluding with decommissioning. Professionals in the sciences, engineering, and communications fields will turn to this resource to understand the many legal, technical, competitive, criminal and consumer forces and influences that are rapidly changing our information dependent society."--Provided by publisher.
Situation awareness in environmental monitoring : concepts, implementation, applications
Enterprise architecture at work : modelling, communication and analysis
Distributed resource discovery: architectures and applications in mobile networks
Enterprise integration solutions
Architectural improvements for mobile ubiquitous surveillance systems
Documenting and Managing Service Oriented Software Architectures
Enterprise architecture : a pocket guide
Dependable cognitive wireless networking : modelling and design
ITIL-service support implementation for small IT units
Service-oriented modeling : service analysis, design, and architecture
Architectural framework for the custom CRM mobile application
"Securing against operational interruptions and the theft of your data is much too important to leave to chance. By planning for the worst, you can ensure your organization is prepared for the unexpected. Enterprise Architecture and Information Assurance: Developing a Secure Foundation explains how to design complex, highly available, and secure enterprise architectures that integrate the most critical aspects of your organization's business processes.Filled with time-tested guidance, the book describes how to document and map the security policies and procedures needed to ensure cost-effective organizational and system security controls across your entire enterprise. It also demonstrates how to evaluate your network and business model to determine if they fit well together. The book's comprehensive coverage includes:Infrastructure security model componentsSystems security categorizationBusiness impact analysisRisk management and mitigationSecurity configuration managementContingency planningPhysical securityThe certification and accreditation processFacilitating the understanding you need to reduce and even mitigate security liabilities, the book provides sample rules of engagement, lists of NIST and FIPS references, and a sample certification statement. Coverage includes network and application vulnerability assessments, intrusion detection, penetration testing, incident response planning, risk mitigation audits/reviews, and business continuity and disaster recovery planning. Reading this book will give you the reasoning behind why security is foremost. By following the procedures it outlines, you will gain an understanding of your infrastructure and what requires further attention"--
Modern mobile application development : case: developing location based mobile application for Windows Phone and Android
Developing high quality data models
Evaluation of enterprise and software architectures : critical issues, metrics and practices : [AISA Project 2005-2008]
Network convergence : Ethernet applications and next generation packet transport architectures
Beautiful architecture : leading thinkers reveal the hidden beauty in software design
The architecture of privacy
The enterprise data model : a framework for enterprise data architecture
Aligning enterprise, system, and software architectures
The ways corporations build their applications has changed dramatically over the last  decades. Service-oriented architecture (SOA) has been the latest buzz in software  development. If someone had declared twenty-something years ago that the piece of code  that was being used in a financial application could be reused in a human resources  application, he/she would have been laughed out of the office. Yet, this is a reality in the  21st century.  Rounding up all the functions of applications that perform exactly the same thing, and  having just one occurrence of it, and making it available for all instead of having all similar  functionalities limited by borders, is not just cost effective but it decreases man hours spent  on developing new applications. Alongside with service-oriented architecture come new  concepts to developing such as loose coupling, reusing, services, and interoperable. The one  concept that seems to be most interesting is that functions, or services as they are named in  service-oriented architecture, are platform- and language-independent therefore available for  everyone to use.  After being introduced with service-oriented architecture, I wanted to investigate it more  deeply. As I read more about it, questions rose up: “How to develop a simple service?”, "Is  service-oriented architecture perceived differently in business than in IT?" and "How can  service-oriented architecture help bring business and IT together?" This thesis tries to find  answers to those questions through research. Also to help with this, is a case study where a  reusable service is developed and an experiment where business processes and reusable  services are being connected to each other.  The project was carried out between November 2008 and July 2009. Implementing SOA is  challenging but the results of this pilot show that it is worth the while, even though this  project developed only a simple service.
Scheduling dynamic dataflow graphs with model checking
This book provides background as to how analytical solutions and enterprise architecture methodologies and concepts have evolved (including the roles of data warehouses, business intelligence tools, predictive analytics, data discovery, big data, and the impact of the internet of things). It combines practical advice with technical considerations to help you grasp the big picture of the trend toward enterprise analytic solutions; define and validate a vision for a future state within your organization; ensure that your vision is aligned with line-of-business needs; understand available skills and align your IT infrastructure to the new vision; address data governance, security, data quality, and other important attributes; implement the new vision while dealing successfully with changes in scope. --
National Library IT architecture for libraries : challangesfor the future
Service-oriented architecture : SOA strategy, methodology, and technology
Developing cyber security architecture for military networks using cognitive networking
Advances in enterprise information systems. 2, proceedings of the fifth International Conference on Research and Practical Issues of Enterprise Information Systems (CONFENIS 2011), Aalborg, Denmark, October 16-18, 2011
Realtime Web Analytics
Metaheuristics meet metamodels : a modeling language and a product line architecture for route optimization systems
"This book discusses why information security is needed and how security problems can have widespread impacts. It covers the complete security lifecycle of products and services, starting with requirements and policy development and progressing through development, deployment, and operations, and concluding with decommissioning. Professionals in the sciences, engineering, and communications fields will turn to this resource to understand the many legal, technical, competitive, criminal and consumer forces and influences that are rapidly changing our information dependent society"--Provided by publisher.
Information architecture : the design and integration of information spaces
The national transport telematics architecture - TelemArk : summary
SDN and NFV simplified : a visual guide to understanding software defined networks and network function virtualization
Implementation of a registry management component for mobile sampling service
Information architecture : blueprints for the Web
Architecture design methods for application domain-specific integrated computer systems
BloomCasting for publish/subscribe networks
SOA made simple : discover the true meaning behind the buzzword that is "service oriented architecture"
Detection algorithms and architectures for wireless spatial multiplexing in MIMO-OFDM systems
Integrating applications in software company
SOA governance : governing shared services on-premise and in the cloud
Building microservices
Architecture principles : the cornerstones of enterprise architecture
Implementation and evaluation of service-oriented architecture in Labranet
Product lifecycle management : architectural and organisational perspectives
An Example of a Synergistic Relationship Between Software Architecture and a Domain-Specific Language
An example of a synergistic relationship between software architecture and a domain-specific language
Development platform for AXI based multiprocessor systems on FPGA
Web services, service-oriented architectures, and cloud computing : the savvy manager's guide
When worlds collide in manufacturing operations : ISA-95 best practices book 2.0
Dependable cognitive wireless networking:modelling and design
The system planning with Service-Oriented Architecture
Computer system design : system-on-chip
IT governance and enterprise architecture as prerequisites for assimilation of service-oriented architecture : an empirical study of large Finnish companies
Computing Resource Optimization Using Open Source Virtualization Technologies
Machine-to-machine Communications : Architectures, Technology, Standards, and Applications
Security implications of enterprise cloud computing
"Before we get into VPLS, let us take a quick look at MPLS Layer 2 VPNs also referred to as Point-Point services. A point-to-point L2VPN circuit, as defined by the PWE3 working group, is a provider service that offers a point-to-point service infrastructure over an IP/MPLS packet switched network. The PWE3 working group of the IETF describes mechanisms on how to deliver L2 VPN services across a packet switches IP/MPLS network. The basic reference model is outlined in the picture below. A pseudo-wire (PW) is a connection between two provider edge (PE) devices, which connects two attachment circuits (ACs). An AC can be a Frame Relay DLCI, an ATM VPI/VCI, an Ethernet port, a VLAN, a HDLC, a PPP connection on a physical interface, a PPP session from an L2TP tunnel, an MPLS LSP, etc. During the setup of a PW, the two PE routers will be configured or will automatically exchange information about the service to be emulated so that later they know how to process packets coming from the other end. The PE routers use Targeted LDP sessions for setting the PW. After a PW is set up between two PE routers, frames received by one PE from an AC are encapsulated and sent over the PW to the remote PE, where native frames are re-constructed and forwarded to the other CE"--
Reusable, semantic, and context-aware micro-architecture : approach to managing interoperability and dynamics in smart spaces
Service-oriented architecture : concepts, technology and design
Metalanguage and encoding scheme design for digital lexicography : innovative solutions for lexical entry design in slavic lexicography : MONDILEX third open workshop, Bratislava, Slovakia, 15-16 April, 2009 : proceedings
Wouldn't it be great to understand all the data in your organisation? Just imagine being able to define, agree and manage information concepts that impact on business strategy? Then image that these information concepts can be linked to the physical database attributes that ultimately are used to create them. That's what this book is about. It focuses on the data model as the foundation for achieving this understanding. This book provides a framework for the enterprise data model, the business reasons behind it and the differences between conceptual, logical and physical data models. The question of how, and why, to use a data model artifact as part of the data governance toolkit for the whole enterprise is also addressed. This publication is not an in-depth manual on how to model data for a new database system or your next design project. It instead focuses at a level above these implementation projects and addresses the issues that organisations typical struggling with.
Abstract: The system planning with Service-Oriented Architecture.
Semantic interoperability framework for smart spaces
"This book covers both theoretical approaches and practical solutions in the processes for aligning enterprise, systems, and software architectures"--Provided by publisher.
Programming reactive extensions and LINQ
Requirements modelling and specification for service oriented architecture
Towards a European forest information system
"This book fills a gap between high-level overview texts that are often too general and low-level detail oriented technical handbooks that lose sight the "big picture". This book discusses SOA from the low-level perspective of middleware, various XML-based technologies, and basic service design. It also examines broader implications of SOA, particularly where it intersects with business process management and process modeling. Concrete overviews will be provided of the methodologies in those fields, so that students will have a hands-on grasp of how they may be used in the context of SOA"--
Enhancing security and scalability of Virtual Private LAN services
Executing SOA : a practical guide for the service-oriented architect
System architecture for mobile-phone-centric ambient intelligence applications
Experiences with usability testing : effects of thinking aloud and moderator presence
Windows internals : covering Windows Server 2008 and Windows Vista
Early-phase performance evaluation of computer systems using workload models and SystemC
Architecture and principles of systems engineering
Designing digital computer systems with Verilog
Data just right : introduction to large-scale data & analytics
Enterprise software architecture and design : entities, services and resources
Applying agent technology to constructing flexible monitoring systems in process automation
Local IT infrastructure assessment methodologies and approach in large enterprises : research project scope - branch office consolidation
Abstract: Implementation and evaluation of service-oriented architecture in Labranet.
Microsoft virtualization
Sams teach yourself Web services in 24 hours
Big data and the internet of things : enterprise information architecture for a new age
Platform ecosystems : aligning architecture, governance, and strategy
On the quality attributes of Ebay, Amazon and Facebook
Web-application internationalisation and localisation: Case: Katuma
Database systems and database security
Improve Search Engine Optimization
Building an enterprise architecture practice : tools, tips, best practices, ready-to-use insights
This book provides background as to how analytical solutions and enterprise architecture methodologies and concepts have evolved (including the roles of data warehouses, business intelligence tools, predictive analytics, data discovery, big data, and the impact of the internet of things). It combines practical advice with technical considerations to help you grasp the big picture of the trend toward enterprise analytic solutions; define and validate a vision for a future state within your organization; ensure that your vision is aligned with line-of-business needs; understand available skills and align your IT infrastructure to the new vision; address data governance, security, data quality, and other important attributes; implement the new vision while dealing successfully with changes in scope.
Technical architecture of network centric warfare
Getting started with InfoSphere data architect
Engineering information security : the application of systems engineering concepts to achieve information assurance
Large-scale high-performance video surveillance
"Cloud computing promises to revolutionize IT and business by making computing available as a utility over the internet. This book is intended primarily for practising software architects who need to assess the impact of such a transformation. It explains the evolution of the internet into a cloud computing platform, describes emerging development paradigms and technologies, and discusses how these will change the way enterprise applications should be architected for cloud deployment. Gautam Shroff provides a technical description of cloud computing technologies, covering cloud infrastructure and platform services, programming paradigms such as MapReduce, as well as 'do-it-yourself' hosted development tools. He also describes emerging technologies critical to cloud computing. The book also covers the fundamentals of enterprise computing, including a technical introduction to enterprise architecture, so it will interest programmers aspiring to become software architects and serve as a reference for a graduate-level course in software architecture or software engineering"--
Distributed system architectures, standardization, and web-service solutions in precision agriculture
Tracking what is happening on a website in realtime is invaluable. The objective of this thesis was to start and launch the first version of Snowfinch, an open source realtime web analytics application. The thesis report contains up-to-date fundamentals of web analytics; reasoning behind the most important and difficult technical decisions in the project; product development methodologies; and an overview of the resulting application. Understanding visitors is the key to a site's success. Research shows that the amount of insights provided by clickstream data is small in comparison to the amount of data gathered. Even though there is much more to web analytics than clickstream data, the fact is that it is the only data that can be collected and analyzed exclusively by software, thus the need to optimize its use. With the current use and importance of social media, being able to act quickly is a business differentiator. Visualizing data in realtime is crucial to a fast response. Choosing an appropriate data store plays an important role in the overall performance, responsiveness, and development time of the system. The development work was sponsored by Kisko Labs Oy. Snowfinch will be used both internally and in client projects. During the development period, it has tracked over half a million page views and approximately two hundred thousand visitors. Snowfinch may be used by anyone as it is, or it can act as a solid foundation on which to build customized functionality. Being free and deployable inside a private network offers a competitive advantage over commercial alternatives. The fundamental technologies used are the Ruby programming language, the Ruby on Rails web framework, and the MongoDB document-oriented database. The project was released under the MIT license, a permissive and free software license approved by the OSI (Open Source Initiative).
Integrating SOA and web services
A service-oriented architecture for social networks : developing a scalable and extensible service framework for group management
Scalability and extensibility in client-independent server architectures
SOA with Java : realizing service-orientation with Java technologies
An architecture for flexible manufacturing systems based on task-driven agents
Genre and ontology based business information architecture framework (GOBIAF)
Computing resource optimization using open source virtualization technologies
Systems analysis and design
System analysis design, UML version 2.0 : an object-oriented approach
Embedded systems architecture : a comprehensive guide for engineers and programmers
Enterprise architecture and information assurance : developing a secure foundation
Evaluation of enterprise and software architectures : critical issues, metrics and practices
Service-oriented architecture : a planning and implementation guide for business and technology
The definitive guide to the ARM Cortex-M3
Essentials of business-driven information systems
Securing cloud services : a pragmatic approach to security architecture in the cloud
Requirements engineering fundamentals : a study guide for the Certified Professional for Requirements Engineering exam : foundation level, IREB compliant
Information architecture : designing information environments for purpose
Building a GIS : system architecture design strategies for managers
Designing a distributed application middleware by using Windows Communication Foundation : case: sharing data between different client applications in a sheet metal industry environment
In practice, requirements engineering tasks become more and more complex. In order to ensure a high level of knowledge and training, the International Requirements Engineering Board (IREB) worked out the training concept Certified Professional for Requirements EngineeringA", which defines a requirements engineer's practical skills on different training levels. The book covers the different subjects of the curriculum for the Certified Professional for Requirements EngineeringA" (CPRE) defined by the International Requirements Engineering Board (IREB). It supports its readers in preparing for the test to achieve the Foundation LevelA" of the CPRE.
A common problem with most texts on requirements specifications is that they emphasize structural models to the near exclusion of behavioral models―focusing on what the software is, rather than what it does. If they do cover behavioral models, the coverage is brief and usually focused on a single model. Modeling Software Behavior: A Craftsman's Approach provides detailed treatment of various models of software behavior that support early analysis, comprehension, and model-based testing. Based on the popular and continually evolving course on requirements specification models taught by the author at universities and corporate environments, the text covers six behavioral models―providing the background behind these models and the required mathematics. As evidence of models at work, the author introduces eleven continuing examples. Five of these examples are illustrated with the six models, allowing readers to easily compare the expressive power of the various models. The examples chosen reflect a wide variety of behavioral issues. Providing complete coverage that includes flowcharts, decision tables, finite state machines, two variations of Petri Nets, and StateCharts, this book will help students develop the understanding of the expressive capabilities and limitations of models of system behavior needed to make informed and appropriate choices among different models when confronted with new challenges.
Realtime web analytics
Arek Ltd. provides IT services to pension insurance sector of Finland. The earnings logic of Arek is based on SaaS business model. The technological environment in Arek is heterogeneous and technology landscape consists from both modern J2EE and legacy mainframe systems. Oldest of the systems were built in 1980's and the newest ones are built couple of years ago. During the years, the architecture of these systems was documented in great variety, with different notations and abstraction levels.    In 2010 Arek approved a project to improve architecture documentation practices and maintenance processes. This document is a thesis report formed from that project.    The research strategy used in this study was based on action research and this report was formed by using a narrative change accounting method. The theoretic background of this study consisted from theories of business process management, architecture governance, software as a service business model, service oriented architecture, enterprise architecture and software architecture. Different stakeholder groups took part in project by attending workshops and interviews. A total of 25 semi structured interviews were made during this thesis.    As a result this project created a new praxis to document and maintain systems architecture in Arek. At 2011, Arek decided to start a project to rollout the new practices throughout the enterprise.
Enterprise cloud computing : technology, architecture, applications
Streamlining workflow in architectural  visualization with Blender and SketchUp
Choreography modeling in embedded systems domain
Flexible operating system internals : the design and implementation of the anykernel and rump kernels
Computer Organization and Embedded Systems
Flexible operating system internals :the design and implementation of the anykernel and rump kernels
"Get peak performance from your SAP ERP infrastructure using the detailed implementation, maintenance, and support information in this comprehensive resource. SAP Basis Administration Handbook, NetWeaver Edition delivers integrated management strategies covering both ABAP and Java stacks. Discover how to deploy components, accurately size throughout, configure Oracle databases, back up your system, and repair performance problems. Career trends, certification requirements, and marketable SAP Basis skills are also discussed in this practical guide. Essential Skills for SAP Professionals: - Plan, prepare, and install SAP NetWeaver Application Server - Set up, configure, and troubleshoot Java and ABAP stacks - Establish server infrastructure and efficiently balance workloads - Incorporate transport management and software logistics - Resolve performance issues and startup problems - Access SAP support infrastructure through SAP Service Marketplace -Manage and back up Oracle databases using BR*TOOLS - Perform system copies, stack upgrades, and OS/DB migrations."
Enterprise architectures and integration using SOA
Cybersecurity : managing systems, conducting testing, and investigating intrusions
Implementing service-oriented architecture : case Fortum
Dynamic context monitoring for adaptive and context-aware applications
Application integration : EAI, B2B, BPM and SOA
Automated verification of RESTful interfaces in cloud development
CAMCUDAF: a social organization management system
Documenting and managing service oriented software architectures
Modeling software behavior : a craftsman's approach
Ethical IT innovation : a value-based system design approach
Re-engineering of software architectures : a case-study on a Nigerian Hospital Information System
