http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2067 christian education
christian education christian upbringing
Educating for shalom : essays on Christian higher education
Transforming lives : Christian education in a multi-cultural society
What can I do in R. E. ? : a consideration of the place of religion in the twentieth-century curriculum with suggestions for practical work in schools
The Ministry of religious education
God-talk with young children : notes for parents and teachers
Education for christian living
Christian religious education in the Lutheran dioceses of North-Western Tanzania
Christian education in China : the report of the China Educational Commission of 1921-1922
Training workshop for Christian religious educators in Eastern and Central Europe and the CIS : 21 May - 1 June 1995, Joensuu, Finland
Will our children have faith?
The rise of christian education
Compassionate ministry
"Let the little children come to me" : childhood and children in early Christianity
From The dairyman's daughter to Worrals of the WAAF : the Religious Tract Society, Lutterworth Press and children's literature
Creative ecumenical education : learning from one another
Does religious education have a future? : pedagogical and policy prospects
Little men : life at Plumfield with Jo' boys
Abstract: Openly committed : mission in Christian education and voluntary work.
Handbook of family religious education
Christian education in Africa : report of a conference held at Salisbury, Southern Rhodesia 29 December 1962 to 10 January 1963.
Ten Commandments in a Child's Everyday Life : A tool for an Educator to Support a Child's Moral Development
Auto b good : tutkimaton tie
Children in the Church today : an Orthodox perspective
Spirituality : toward a 21st century Lutheran understanding
Works of Louisa May Alcott
Orthodox Christian parenting : cultivating God's creation
Nisa saghirat = Little Women
Becoming adult, becoming Christian : adult development and Christian faith
Ten commandments in a child's everyday life: a tool for an educator to support a child's moral development
Confirmation Notebook : a guide to Christian belief and practice
British journal of religious education
Children in the worshiping community
The complete guide to religious education volunteers
Teetotalism as the core of education at the elementary school teacher training college of Tornio, Finland
Catholic schools : mission, markets and morality
Theologies of religious education
Little women
Training workshop for Christian religious educators in eastern and central Europe and the CIS : 21 May - 1 June 1995, Joensuu, Finland
Christian spiritual formation in the church and classroom
Preparation of the engaged couple for the catholic marriage = Sužadėtinių rengimas katalikiškajai santuokai : summary of doctoral dissertation social sciences, educational science (07S)
What the churches say on moral and social issues
Religion in education 4
Listening to god with children : the Montessori method applied to the catechesis of children
Religious judgement : a developmental perspective
The human life cycle among the bantu : with special refernce to the people of the West Lake region, Tanzania
Abstract: This functional final thesis was done in co-operation with the Lutheran Evangelical Association of Finland (LEAF). The aim of the thesis was to provide a tool for Sunday school teachers and other educators to support a childʼs moral development. The moral view in the Ten Commandments in a Childʼs Everyday Life curriculum is based on the Bible and Lutheran doctrine about the Ten Commandments. As the main method the curriculum presents ten imaginative stories from the everyday lives of children, giving examples of how the Commandments could be encountered in a childʼs life. In addition, the curriculum provides paper puppets with background scenes and symbol cards to go along with the stories, as well as suggestions for the teachers for songs and crafts.   The theoretical framework of this thesis is the moral development of children. The different parts of the curriculum have been planned to teach the Ten Commandments through methods that are suitable for children under seven years old. The aim of keeping the full Lutheran Catechismal form of the Commandments set a real challenge for the curriculum targeting children of a wide age range. Therefore, the curriculum was developed even further during the process of the thesis to better meet the developmental needs of different age groups.   The product was tested in two testing rounds in several different groups: in the first round in a LEAFʼs family camp and in one Sunday school group, in the second round in two LEAFʼs Sunday school groups. Based on the feedback received from the second round of testing, the material was found to be supportive for the moral development of children. However, the whole extent of the curriculum was not tested in the second round. Therefore, the feedback cannot be fully applied to the material.   The tool also received developmental ideas that were not implemented as a part of this thesis process. However, these ideas can be used as the starting point for further development in the future. The feedback gave ideas for how the curriculum could be developed to make it even more suitable for the youngest children in the group. Ideas were also given to make the material more organized and manageable for such a short lesson time.
Religious education in contemporary society
The teaching ministry of the church : integrating biblical truth with contemporary application
Christian education in a secular society
Religious education
LITTLE WOMEN
Multicultural religious education
Strengthening the family : a trainer's handbook for family ministry
Just for me
Urban church education
The school of infancy
Confirmation ministry study : global report 4-8 September 1995, Geneva, Switzerland
Our church and our children
The effective teaching of religious education
Learning in the Way : research and reflection on adult Christian education
Religious ideas, feelings and their interrelationship
The teaching church : moving Christian education to center stage
All God's children : an introduction to pastoral work with children
The church and childhood : papers read at the 1993 Summer Meeting and the 1994 Winter Meeting of the Ecclesiastical History Society
Girls of yesterday and to-day : the romance of the Y.W.C.A
Adult education and theological interpretations
Authentic cosmopolitanism : love, sin, and grace in the Christian university
Religious literacy : what every American needs to know - and doesn't
For the love of God, Marie!
A history of Christian education : Protestant, Catholic, and Orthodox perspectives
Handbook of youth ministry
God's wisdom : toward a theology of education
Handbook of children's religious education
Worship and the modern child : a book for parents, clergy, and teachers
Implementing religious education five to sixteen
Paideia and cult : Christian initiation in Theodore of Mopsuestia
Blankets : a graphic novel
A dictionary of religious education
Global perspectives on Christianity : case studies to promote thinking skills in religious education
Research in religious education
Learning together how to strengthen the family : a participant's book for family ministry
Facing diversity : the Evangelical Lutheran Church of Finland from 2004 to 2007
N. F. S. Grundtvig : tradition and renewal : Grundtvig's vision of man and people, education and the church, in relation to world issues today
An integrated program of religious education
The religious potential of the child 6 to 12 years old : a description of an experience
Changing aims in religious education
Christian education in a secularized society : Lutheran World Federation Regional Consultation, Eastern Africa
