http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20611 reading comprehension
reading comprehension
The multiple intelligences of reading and writing : making the words come alive
New cutting edge. Elementary
"The word I recognize from the Simpsons: it's principal Skinner!" : dyslexic secondary level students' lexical inference use and success in reading in English as a foreign language
Reading comprehension for students of music and musicology
The effects of reciprocal teaching on reading comprehension in mainstream and special (SLI) education
Methods in bilingual reading comprehension research
Better reading Italian
Remedial reading comprehension : social and behavioural sciences. 4, Wordlists
Lessons in comprehension : explicit instruction in the reading workshop
New cutting edge : workbook with key. Pre-intermediate
Cortical correlates of language perception : neuromagnetic studies in adults and children
English reading comprehension. 1, For law students
Study skills handbook : a guide for all teachers
The problem of equivalence in translating texts in international reading literacy studies : atext analytic study of three English and Finnish texts used in the PISA 2000 reading texts
Reading development and difficulties
English reading comprehension skills of the first year students in two upper secondary schools
Children's reading comprehension and assessment
Listening comprehension in primary level grades two, four and six
All key issues of research and practice in comprehension instruction are addressed in this highly regarded professional resource and course text. Leading scholars examine the processes that enable students to make meaning from what they read--and how this knowledge can be applied to improve teaching at all grade levels. Best practices for meeting the needs of diverse elementary and secondary students are identified. Essential topics include strategies for comprehending different types of texts, the impact of the Common Core State Standards (CCSS), cutting-edge assessment approaches, and the growing importance of digital genres and multimodal literacies. User-friendly features include end-of-chapter discussion questions. Subject Areas/Key Words: assessments, CCSS, classrooms, close reading, cognition, Common Core standards, Common Core State Standards, digital literacies, elementary, English language learners, fiction, informational texts, instruction, literacy methods, multimodal literacies, neuroscience, new literacies, nonfiction, reading comprehension, secondary, teaching, text complexity, theory Audience: K-12 classroom teachers, reading specialists, and coaches; teacher educators and graduate students.
English reading comprehension : social and behavioural sciences. Teacherś book & quizzes
Reading and understanding : teaching from the perspective of artificial intelligence
Testing reading through summary : investigating summary completion tasks for assessing reading comprehension ability
What a life! : stories of amazing people. Intermediate
Tekstien avaaminen luokassa = getting a handle on texts in class
Understanding sentence structure : experimental studies on processing of syntactic elements in sentences
Intermediate English reading and comprehension
Literacies, hermeneutics, and literature
Reading comprehension
Comprehension shouldn't be silent : from strategy instruction to student independence
Understanding dyslexia and the reading process : a guide for educators and parents
New cutting edge : students' Cds. Pre-intermediate
Reading diagnosis and improvement : assessment and instruction
English reading comprehension : social and behavioural sciences. Section 1, Texts [1-10) + Structures
Teaching strategic processes in reading
Remedial reading comprehension : social and behavioural sciences. 2, Structures
English reading comprehension : social and behavioural sciences. Section 2, Texts (11-20) + structures
The outcomes of national literacy programs on basic reading skills in familiar language among Zambian early graders
Text authenticity in international reading literacy assessment : focusing on PISA 2000
New cutting edge. Intermediate : workbook
Reading exercises on choice and chance
Opening doors : understanding college reading
Better reading Spanish
Classroom strategies for interactive learning
Understanding reading : a psycholinguistic analysis of reading and learning to read
New cutting edge : students' Cds. Elementary
Guiding readers through text : strategy guides for new times
New cutting edge : students' Cds. Upper intermediate
New cutting edge : students' book. Elementary
Ideas & issues advanced
Understanding reading development
Comprehension instruction : research-based best practices
Learning to read : reciprocal processes and individual pathways
"The more you read in Spanish, the greater your knowledge of the language and of the culture of its native speakers. The short articles in this book reflect real-life, contemporary issues and situations that will help you understand more about Spanish and the people who speak it daily. Each chapter features articles that cover a specific topic, with each subsequent piece becoming more challenging as the section progresses." -- back cover.
Teach yourself beginner's Arabic script
Assessing the role of vocabulary breadth and depth in reading comprehension : a quantitative study of Finnish EFL learners
New cutting edge : students' Cds. Intermediate
New cutting edge : workbook with key. Elementary
Abstraction and authority in textbooks : the textual paths towards specialized language
Literacy : an advanced resource book for students
Problems in the improvement of reading
"Is ox almost the same as fox?" : a study of 5th grade pupils and their English reading comprehension skills in the light of the Common European Framework of Reference
Reading
Reading comprehension for students of the humanities. 3, Linguistics : teacher's book
Teaching reading in secondary schools
Comprehension strategies for middle grade learners : a handbook for content area teachers
English reading comprehension : social and behavioural sciences. Section III : tests (21-28) + structures
Teaching word recognition : effective strategies for students with learning difficulties
The on-line study of sentence comprehension : eyetracking, ERPs and beyond
Literacy in science, technology, and the language arts : an interdisciplinary inquiry
Readability, comprehension and readership : an experimental study on the readability of Finnish magazine articles, with special reference to readership
The roles of background knowledge and topic interest in ELF reading comprehension
Files and folders
National survey of reading comprehension in Finland
Mind mapping for dummies
The psychology of science text comprehension
The read-in : thirteen units in situational reading comprehension
With the development of new information and communication technologies, new concepts of extending the concept of literacy have emerged, such as media literacy, computer literacy, and information literacy. This paper addresses literary literacy as a form of extended literacies. The notion of literary here comprehends widely various fields of literature, with artistic literature as one, although in a sense paradigmatic, instance. The aspects of reading and literacy emphasized in this paper will have particular educational significance in contexts of general school education. Hermeneutics is a classical discipline of how we should read. It emphasizes aspects of appropriative, or Bildung-oriented, reading that we can oppose to the instrumental use of what one reads. Within hermeneutics, and particularly the sociological studies of literature, the paper also finds foundations for critical reading. There would be, however, a tension between the fundamentally hermeneutical appropriative literacy and critical questioning, and the notion of literary literacy should contain a dialect between them. The paper emphasizes the significance of literary literacy, since there is a danger that it disappears behind more instrumentally emphasized notions of literacy. Similarly, there is a risk that the everyday plausibility of the demand of being critical suffocates the appropriative aspects of literacy and reading.
Reading research at work : foundations of effective practice
New cutting edge : workbook with key. Upper intermediate
Understanding reading comprehension : cognition, language, and the structure of prose
English reading comprehension : social and behavioural sciences. Wordlists
Children and reading tests
Proust and the squid : the story and science of the reading brain
Reading for understanding : an empirical contribution to the metacognition of reading comprehension
The first R : every child's right to read
This volume explores the use of summary tasks as an effective means of assessing reading comprehension ability. It reports on a series of empirical studies that investigated the development and trialling of text-removed summary completion tasks and discusses the correlation of these tasks with results from independent measures to validate text-removed summary completion as a measure of reading comprehension ability.
The art of critical reading : brushing up on your reading, thinking, and study skills
What a life! : stories of amazing people. High beginning
Test your reading
Fostering information literacy : connecting national standards, Goals 2000 and the SCANS report
Intelligent business course book
Readers' responses versus reader-response theories : an empirical study
Finnish foreign language student teachers' experience of reading authentic literature in teaching and learning foreign languages
Ready to read : a multisensory approach to language-based comprehension instruction
Remedial reading comprehension : social and behavioural sciences. 1, Reading comprehension exercises
Frequency profiles, coverage and recycling of vocabularies in two upper secondary school textbooks : Corpus linguistic comparasions between The open road and ProFiles
English reading comprehension : life & earth sciences
The literacy connection : language and learning across the curriculum
English language teaching : major themes in education. Volume 4
