http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20646 dystopias
dystopias
Leaving the sea : stories
Three teens band together in order to sway the government to repeal all rulings in support of a procedure in which unwanted teenagers are captured and are unwound into parts that can be reused for transplantation / Library of Congress.
Warhammer 40000 - Space marine : Xbox 360, Xbox Live
Ignite me. Book 3
Under the never sky
After being captured and surgically transformed into a "special," teenaged Tally Youngblood, now a government agent programmed to protect society from outside threats, is ordered to eliminate the rebel colony New Smoke, Tally’s former home.
The core of the sun
The Bees : a novel
Free four : Tobias tells the Divergent knife-throwing scene
Behemoth : seppuku
Kingdom come
Isolation
"This brief history connects the past and present of utopian thought, from the first utopias in ancient Greece, right up to present day visions of cyberspace communities and paradise. Explores the purpose of utopias, what they reveal about the societies who conceive them, and how utopias have changed over the centuries Unique in including both non-Western and Western visions of utopia Explores the many forms utopias have taken - prophecies and oratory, writings, political movements, world's fairs, physical communities - and also discusses high-tech and cyberspace visions for the first time The first book to analyze the implicitly utopian dimensions of reform crusades like Technocracy of the 1930s and Modernization Theory of the 1950s, and the laptop classroom initiatives of recent years".
Half way home
They say you can't outrun a bullet - what if you could stop one? When Troy is caught up in a terrorist attack that takes the lives of his parents, he discovers an amazing power - bullets can't harm him. Soon he is recruited into a secret organisation where he meets Kasia, a girl with her own remarkable talent, and the two put their powers to use. Exhilarating action meets heart-pounding suspense in the first title of this trilogy / WorldCat.
Leftovers. the complete second season
Countdown city
The children of men
Catching fire
In a barren land, teenage Lucy is taken away from the community she has grown up in and searches the vast countryside for a new home.
After the destruction of the Graveyard, Connor and Lev are on the run, seeking a woman who may be the key to bringing down unwinding forever while Cam, the rewound boy, tries to prove his love for Risa by bringing Proactive Citizenry to its knees / Library of Congress.
Area X : the Southern Reach trilogy
It can't happen here
Dead of winter : a crossroads game
Once
The 5th wave
Dystopia : fantasy art, fiction and the movies / Dave Golder ; foreword by Pat Mills
UnDivided
The fireman : a novel
Liminal monster and the conflict between human and machine : the Shrike in Dan Simmons' Hyperion and The Fall of Hyperion
Fracture me. Book 2
On the steel breeze
Tokyo ghost. Volume two, Come join us
Call of duty : black ops III : Xbox One
Firefight
Juliette will not stand alone. In a battle that will decide the fate of her world. In Destroy me, Warner, the ruthless leader of Sector 45, refuses to let her go. In Fracture me, Adam, Juliette's first love, will do anything to get her back.
The hunger games
White horse
After daybreak : a Darkness before dawn novel
Terminator : salvation : director's cut
Fear
Taiga : [the roleplayins game of civilization's fall] : European Version 4.2
Just before their sixteenth birthdays, when they will will be transformed into beauties whose only job is to have a great time, Tally's best friend runs away and Tally must find her and turn her in, or never become pretty at all.
Unsouled
Embracing her inner darkness, Allie is now determined to hunt and kill Sarren, the psychopath who murdered Zeke. But the trail is bloody and long and Sarren is leading Allie's dangerous to the one place she must protect at any cost - Eden. Forced into a battle that it may be impossible to win, Allie is about to face her darkest days. And, if she succeeds, she could face surviving forever alone.
Privileged Syd and and his proxy, Knox, are thrown together to overthrow the system / Library of Congress.
The exodus towers
Mitosis : a Reckoners story
Steelheart
Penryn's search for her kidnapped sister, Paige, leads her into the heart of the angels' secret plans, while Raffe must choose between reclaiming his wings--and his role as the angels' leader--or helping Penryn survive.
Paranoia  : troubleshooters
The Leftovers. The complete first season
Son
The Murder Complex
Shards and ashes
The city of Bohane
The new Atlantis
The dead of the night
Station eleven : a novel
Super sad true love story
Shatter me
The inferior
The sundial
UnSouled
Between dream and nature : essays on utopia and dystopia
In a handful of dust
At the world's end
Light
The Silence
Call of duty : black ops III : Xbox 360.
Ready player one
Memory of water
X-men : Apocalypse
Perfected
Mind games
Anthem
The disappeared. C. J. Harper
Wool
World after
Ink and bone
Lies Inc
Finally surgically transformed into a "pretty," sixteen-year-old Tally, now gorgeous and programmed to think only happy thoughts, is plagued by tangled memories of living in the Smoke, a rebel colony of "ugly" runaways hiding from the Special Circumstances authorities.
When she woke
The man in the high castle
Proxy
The forever song
Spark : a novel
The white rose
Set in an alternative historical present, in a "eusistocracy"- An extreme welfare state - that holds public health and social stability above all else, it follows a young woman whose growing addiction to illegal chili peppers leads her on an adventure into a world where love, sex, and free will are all controlled by the state.
Nineteen eighty-four
The interrogation of Ashala Wolf
Call of duty : black ops III : PS3
The giver
Caz has been living in the department store since the day the Blue Star came and killed everyone who breathed in its toxic snow. She can't do so much as look outside. But life in the store is getting dangerous and so Caz decides to take her chances in the world outside, with only Will for company. What will she find in the bleak landscape? And is there even anything to find / WorldCat.
Remnants : A Novel
Utopias : a brief history from ancient writings to virtual communities
"The conclusion of the Red Rising trilogy. Born a lowly Red in the mines of Mars, Darrow lost his beloved wife to the treacherous Gold overlords. Vowing to fight for the future that his wife believed in, Darrow joins a secret revolutionary group and is remade into a Gold so that he can infiltrate the ruling class and bring them down from the inside. Now, after years of hiding amongst the Golds, Darrow is finally ready to declare open revolution and throw off the chains of oppression. Nothing in Darrow's world has been easily won, and this final fight will be the most harrowing of all"
The program
Brave new world
THX 1138 : George Lucasin director's cut
aIn a future where the government is run for profit, all but a priviledged few live lives of poverty and desperation. The Resistance rises out of these oppressed masses in revolt and throws the government into chaos. Many see hope for a brighter future for the first time in their lives. Others see opportunity for absolute power. To take command, you must destroy the influence of your rivals and drive them into exile. Only one can survive. – Kotelon takaosa.
The house of the scorpion
Darkness follows
Wolves
Into the still blue. Book 3, Under the Never Sky
Breathe
The Man-Kzin wars
In the chaotic turmoil that follows the Boov invasion of Earth, eleven-year-old Gratuity Tucci finds herself driving her mother's car to Florida, where all of the humans are being relocated, with her cat and a renegade extraterrestiral named J. Lo as her copilots / Library of Congress.
Starfish
UnWholly
Perfect lies
51st state : a card game set in the world of Neuroshima
The infinite sea
Bioshock the collection : PS4
Brave new world revisited
The true meaning of Smekday
Amity is a teen pilot, battling in one-on-one combat to maintain peace in a world where war has been replaced by dogfights. But when Amity discovers the organisation she works for is corrupt, she begins to question everything. In this society of double agents, suspicion and betrayal, nobody is quite what they seem...including Amity's first love.
The Darwin elevator
The shift omnibus
Coup : dystopian universe : secret identities : deduction : deception
Through the ever night
Call of duty : black ops III : PS4
Westerfield’s bestselling series has a huge fan base, many of whom write him asking questions about the world of Uglies. This guide to the series peels back the layers of the world, history, people, and places.
Blade runner : the director's cut
After rebel Tally Youngblood brings down the uglies/pretties/specials regime, fame, instead of beauty, becomes the new world order, and fifteen-year-old Aya Fuse embarks on a dangerous plan to boost her popularity ranking.
Warhammer 40 000 - Space marine : PlayStation 3
In a future world where those between the ages of thirteen and eighteen can have their lives "unwound" and their body parts harvested for use by others, three teens go to extreme lengths to uphold their beliefs--and, perhaps, save their own lives.
The drought
Nexus
Welcome to Harmony Five - a secure prison camp where the rebellious and the Discordant are broken. Amity is their newest inmate. The rules are simple here - obedience or death. Anyone caught trying to escape is executed. But former Peacefighter, Ingo, is prepared to risk everything for freedom. And in a world this dark, what has Amity got to lose?
Firstborn : a novel
Apex
The only way to stop people from getting sick is to get the network back online. That means reversing the very revolution that Syd and Knox began / Library of Congress.
In a post-apocalyptic world where everyone wears Non-Contact suits to survive and where you can never touch another person directly, Cal and Jenna have formed a football team. Not virtual - real football, with real contact. But Jenna's horrible twin Jacob is suspicious and it looks like they're headed for disaster...Can the team reach out to Jacob and convince him that making contact is also what makes us feel alive / WorldCat.
It's been six weeks since angels of the apocalypse descended to demolish the modern world. Street gangs rule the day while fear and superstition rule the night. When warrior angels fly away with a helpless little girl, her seventeen-year-old sister Penryn will do anything to get her back. Anything, including making a deal with an enemy angel. Raffe is a warrior who lies broken and wingless on the street. After eons of fighting his own battles, he finds himself being rescued from a desperate situation by a half-starved teenage girl. Traveling through a dark and twisted Northern California, they have only each other to rely on for survival. Together, they journey toward the angels' stronghold in San Francisco where she'll risk everything to rescue her sister and he'll put himself at the mercy of his greatest enemies for the chance to be made whole again.
The plague forge
Four : Divergent stories : The Transfer; The Initiate; The Son; The Traitor
A little history of literature
Bioshock the collection : Xbox One
Phantom self : (And how to find the real one)
Contemporary dystopian fiction for young adults : brave new teenagers
Undivided
Clockwork angels : the novel
Arena two
Four : a Divergent collection
The handmaid's tale
The Maze Runner series complete collection
The quiet girl
In a future where humans despise clones, Matt enjoys special status as the young clone of El Patron, the 142-year-old leader of a corrupt drug empire nestled between Mexico and the United States / WorldCat.
Fractured
Warhammer 40.000 : deathwatch : PlayStation 4
Shards & ashes
The dire Earth
The word exchange
Tarnished
Bogus to bubbly : an insider's guide to the world of uglies
Half Way Home
Bullet catcher
The selection stories : the prince & the guard
A clockwork orange
Specials
A cruel bird came to the nest and looked in
The recovery
The heart goes last : a novel
Behemoth : B-Max
Six determined Australian teenagers try to find their missing friends while continuing to resist the enemies who have invaded their country.
