http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20639 performativity
performativity
The text strikes back : the dynamics of performativity
Talking heads : language, metalanguage, and the semiotics of subjectivity
Blurring the boundaries of gender : representations of female socialization, gender constructin, and girlness in Arundhati Roy's The god of small things
The article focuses on Finnish proverbs as a part of contemporary colloquial written language in everyday use and context. The article offers a view on what is happening with proverbs in the vernacular in Finnish everyday life. As empirical material this article uses a special case that demonstrates the use of proverbs in on Finnish newspaper: proverbs in SMS messages published as a letter to the editor in a newspaper.
Celebrity, confession, and performance in Pentti Saarikoski's I look out over Stalin's head
Abstract.
Performativity in education : an international collection of ethnographic research on learners' experiences
A century of communication studies : the unfinished conversation
Who are you?
From madrigal to opera : Monteverdi's staging of the self
Literary theory : a very short introduction
Acts and texts : performance and ritual in the Middle Ages and the Renaissance
Playing with purpose : adventures in performative social science
Beyond the score : music as performance
Performance
Indigenous film as a tool for developing and maintaining indigenous culture and identity : how do indigenous films and indigenous film festivals as non-governmental organisations develop and maintain indigenous culture and identity?
As performative and political acts, translation, intervention and participation are movements that take place across, along, and between borders. Such movements traverse geographic boundaries, affect social distinctions, and challenge conceptual categorizations – while shifting and transforming lines of separation themselves. This book brings together choreographers, movement practitioners, and theorists from various fields and disciplines to reflect upon such dynamics of difference. From their individual cultural backgrounds they ask how these movements affect related fields such as corporeality, perception, (self-)representation, and expression.
SMS messages in a daily Finnish newspaper : the context of proverb performances
This handbook in English provides a systematic overview of the present state of international research in narratology. Detailed individual studies by internationally renowned narratologists elucidate 34 central terms. The articles present original research contributions and are all structured in a similar manner. Each contains a concise definition and a detailed explanation of the term in question, and then in a main section they present a critical account of the major research positions and their historical development and indicate directions for future research; they conclude with selected bibliographical references. An online version acting as a commentary is planned with a time-lag after the citable printed version. Regular additions and updates of the handbook will keep abreast of the continuing developments in the discourse of narratology.
Politics, performance and popular culture : theatre and society in nineteenth-century Britain
Dispossession : the performative in the political : conversations with Athena Athanasiou
Transforming bodies, wandering desires : intra-actions of gender and sexuality in non-heterosexual transgender embodiment
Moving (across) borders : performing translation, intervention, participation
"Moves beyond institutional settings to explore public contexts that are less hierarchical, broadening the theory of how genres contribute to the interconnected and dynamic performances of public life. Extends the understanding, not only social ways of organizing texts or mediating relationships within institutions, but dynamic performances themselves"--Provided by publisher.
The performance studies reader
Black cultural traffic : crossroads in global performance and popular culture / edited by Harry J. Elam, Jr., and Kennell Jackson
Handbook of narratology
Dispossession describes the condition of those who have lost land, citizenship, property, and a broader belonging to the world. This thought-provoking book seeks to elaborate our understanding of dispossession outside of the conventional logic of possession, a hallmark of capitalism, liberalism, and humanism. Can dispossession simultaneously characterize political responses and opposition to the disenfranchisement associated with unjust dispossession of land, economic and political power, and basic conditions for living? In the context of neoliberal expropriation of labor and livelihood, dispossession opens up a performative condition of being both affected by injustice and prompted to act. From the uprisings in the Middle East and North Africa to the anti-neoliberal gatherings at Puerta del Sol, Syntagma and Zucchotti Park, an alternative political and affective economy of bodies in public is being formed. Bodies on the street are precarious - exposed to police force, they are also standing for, and opposing, their dispossession. These bodies insist upon their collective standing, organize themselves without and against hierarchy, and refuse to become disposable: they demand regard. This book interrogates the agonistic and open-ended corporeality and conviviality of the crowd as it assembles in cities to protest political and economic dispossession through a performative dispossession of the sovereign subject and its propriety.
Blake, Deleuzian aesthetics and the digital
Confessions in social media : performative, constrained, authentic and participatory self-represenstations in vlogs
Cultural performances in medieval France : essays in honor of Nancy Freeman Regalado
The performance studies reader / edited by Henry Bial
"Performance" has multiple and often overlapping meanings that signify a wide variety of social behaviors. In this invitation to reflect on the power of performance, Diana Taylor explores many of its uses and iterations: artistic, economic, sexual, political, and technological performance; the performance of everyday life; and the gendered, sexed, and racialized performance of bodies. This book performs its argument. Images and texts interact to show how performance is at once a creative act, a means to comprehend power, a method of transmitting memory and identity, and a way of understanding the world.
This is not a manipulation : authentic bodies in digital image
Notes toward a performative theory of assembly
Ritual : key concepts in religion
Visual knowing and visualizing knowledge in knowledge-intensive organizations
Performing power : the political masks of Gustav III (1771-1792)
Becoming Arab in London : performativity and the undoing of identity
Performing antagonism : theatre, performance & radical democracy
Constructing the subject, gaining authority : spanish musician Christina Rosenvinge and the performance of mythological and biblical female characters in her songs from 2011
This book combines performance analysis with contemporary political philosophy to advance new ways of understanding both political performance and the performativity of the politics of the street. Our times are pre-eminently political times and have drawn radical responses from many theatre and performance practitioners. However, a decade of conflict in the Middle East and Afghanistan, the eruption of new social movements around the world, the growth of anti-capitalist and anti-globalisation struggles, the upsurge of protests against the blockades of neoliberalism, and the rising tide of dissent and anger against corporate power, with its exorbitant social costs, have left theatre and performance scholarship confronting something of a dilemma: how to theorize the political antagonisms of our day? Drawing on the resources of 'post-Marxist' political thinkers such as Chantal Mouffe and Jacques Ranciere, the book explores how new theoretical horizons have been made available for performance analysis.
Performing the author/mother/merchant/wife : moving subject positions in Minna Canth's autobiography
Geography speaks : performative aspects of geography
Shakespeare, Jonson, and the claims of the performative
The Nyau masquerade : an examination of HIV/AIDS, power and influence in Malawi
Performativity and performance in Baroque Rome
Performing a tradition in music and dance : embodiment and interaction in sabar dance events
Never a dull moment : teaching and the art of performance
So many constellations (walk-through)
The Routledge handbook of tourism geographies
Genre and the performance of publics
A critical introduction to queer theory
Immediate invisible
Performing the author/mother/merchant/wife: moving subject positions in Minna Canth's autobiography
Aspects of the performative in medieval culture
"This book will constitute an original intervention into longstanding but insistently relevant debates around the significance of notions of 'performativity' to the critical analysis of early modern drama. In particular, the book aims to:show how the investigation of performativity can enable readings of Shakespeare and Jonson that challenge the dominant methodological frameworks within which those plays have come to be read;demonstrate that the thought of performativity does not come to rest in the simplicity of method or instrumentality, and that it resists its own claim that language and action might be understood as unproblematically instrumental;demonstrate that this self-resistance occurs or takes place as a moment in the process of articulating the claims of the performative, and that this process is itself in an important sense dramatic"--
