http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20671 career
career
Information services today : an introduction
Employability : making the most of your career development
Graduate employability in context : theory, research and debate
Brisk attitude and optimism : top workers' childhood experiences forming the basis of success at work
Nursing students and older people nursing : towards a future career
Linking retirement age to life expectancy : what happens to working lives and income distribution
The sociology of the artist in the postmodern era : pride and uncertainty
Explaining career agency through self-initiated repatriation : the Chilean example
The objective of the thesis was to discover how to make production personnel equally able to advance from production tasks to more demanding ones. The study aimed at identifying the obstacles that production personnel face and that possibly hinder the career development. The study originated from the author̕ s own experiences when working in one of the biggest Finnish advertising agencies.  A theoretical framework for the project was constructed on the basis of literature about the industry, career and career development, factors influencing career behaviour and organisational culture. In the empirical part of the thesis, the subjective experiences of the production personnel are presented. The primary data for this study was collected with qualitative research method because subjective and personal information was needed. The primary data was collected by eight thematic interviews. The interview themes were equality and its implementation at the workplace, the characteristics of the industry, career and career development, the obstacles to career advancement for women and organisational culture as enabler to career development. The interviews were face-to-face interviews, which enabled the respondents to openly express their opinions, feelings and experiences. The findings indicate that gender affects career development in advertising in this particular professional group. However there were differences among the agencies. There are several factors that hinder the production personnel̕ s career development. They are inequality between professional groups, indifference of the employer towards career development, a career path that is difficult to recognise, motherhood and family life, gender roles and gender stereotypes, stereotypical attitudes and prejudices and organisational culture, masculine organisational values and male behavioural models. All of the identified factors were set by the external environment and were such that the employees could not have an effect on themselves. It was evident that the production personnel as a professional group is neglected in career development activities and the working organisations are very masculine working environments. The findings also indicate that laws concerning equality are not fully followed but it would need a more extensive study to determine whether or not discrimination based on sex exists.
This book is about women's careers, how they think about and enact their working lives, and how these patterns change, or stay the same, over time. It focuses on seventeen women, based in the same northern English city, working in a variety of occupations, who left their organizational positions to set up their own businesses. In the early 90s they participated in a research study of this career transition, and a decade and a half later were interviewed for a second time. Imagining Women's Careers is based on these accounts. It investigates the women's transition to self-employment and on-going career development; contextual change between the two periods and why, in career terms, this mattered; their experiences of late career and retirement; and the role of others in their career-making. The concept of the career imagination is introduced, defining and delimiting what is possible, legitimate and appropriate in career terms, and prescribing its own criteria for success. In part, the book is about change: women moving from young to middle, or middle to old age; society moving out of and back into recession; an academic literature which has deconstructed and redefined the concept of career itself. However it is also about continuity: enduring relationships, commitments to people and places, deeply held values and identities.
The Belbin guide to succeeding at work
Show your work! : 10 ways to share your creativity and get discovered
Women and leadership: factors that influence women's career success : female leaders' reflections on their career development and leadership
Designer : carrières et professionnalisation = careers and professionalization
Who gets promoted, who doesn't, and why
Career development in advertising industry
The trouble with keeping mum
Serving more than one master : consequences of job demands and resources on intrinsic career success in multinational matrix organizations
Career anchors : self-assessment
Renaissance entrepreneurship : a grounded theory of entrepreneurial recycling
The amazing adventures of working girl : real-life career advice you can actually use
From Lost to Leading
Lean in : women, work, and the will to lead
THE CHALLENGES OF WOMEN EXPATRIATES REGARDING INTERNATIONAL ASSIGNMENT
Understandign the value of arts & culture : the AHRC cultural value project
From beneath glass ceilings to the top of glass cliffs : how Finnish women identify as leaders
Never eat alone : and other secrets to success, one relationship at a time
The affair
Mid and late career issues : an integrative perspective
How to make partner and still have a life
This Bachelor's thesis concentrates on women's career development in the Finnish hotel industry and specifies the meaning of networks on women's work and career. The main objective of this qualitative research was to find out women's experiences about networks in their working lives and history as managers.     For this purpose, five female general managers from three different hotel chains were being interviewed about their career development and the role of networks in their career path. Interviews were conducted between November 2012 and January 2013.     The theoretical framework presents both ground theories as well as the latest researches about women's career development. Both career barriers and supporting factors of women's career advancement are being summarized. Overview of different aspects of networks is also included as well as examples of career development theories.    According to the research results networks are important supporting factors of women's career development but do not determine the success of the career alone. Women's networks turned out to be slightly more important in their daily work tasks than achieving management positions. In addition, networks seemed to become more important the higher the position was in the corporate hierarchy.     Although theories suggested that men's networks would make women's career development more challenging, according to the research results that was not detected in remarkable extent. In overall, the Finnish hotel industry seems to be favorable place to work for women.
Maria M. Book one
(In)significant others : the role of the spouse in women and men managers' careers in Finland
Athletic career transition : a qualitative inquiry into ex-athletes' experiences of the sports system in Singapore
How To Fail At Almost Everything And Still Win Big : Kind Of The Story Of My Life
Relationship between perceived organizational support and willingness to pursue a career in the hospitality industry
General framework for long-term social impact evaluation of an employment strategy
The changing conditions for academic work and careers in select countries
The brand called you : create a personal brand that wins attention and grows your business
Addiction and the making of professional careers
Adolescents ́ career goals in social context
"An exuberant new novel, from an internationally bestselling author that will delight fans of Maria Semple's Where'd You Go, Bernadette?, and CBS's The Good Wife, about a modern-day superwoman who leans in so far she falls over. Liddy James is forty-four, fit, and fabulous. One of New York's top divorce attorneys, a bestselling author, and a mother of two, she glides through the courtrooms and salons of the Manhattan elite with ease. Despite a devastating divorce from her first love, literature professor Peter James, Liddy, Peter, and Peter's sympathetic new partner, Rose, have formed a modern family to raise Liddy and Peter's truculent teen and Liddy's adorable, if fatherless, six-year-old. With her lonely and impoverished New Jersey childhood far behind her, to the outside world Liddy's life is perfect. Until it isn't. When Rose announces an unexpected pregnancy, Liddy's beloved nanny takes flight, a high-profile divorce case becomes too personal, and child support and maintenance payments collide with a looming bill for a roof repair, Liddy realizes she might have finally bitten off more than she can chew. Sharply written and deftly observed, The Real Liddy James offers a sparkling glimpse into the demanding world of New York's fast-paced career women, challenging convention and asking the question: When the cost of having it all becomes too high, can we value living another way?"--
The handbook of model job descriptions
Becoming a graphic designer : a guide to careers in design
The graduate school mess : what caused it and how we can fix it
7 skills that will catapult your career
Career programming : linking youth to the world of work
Narrative conceptions of knowledge : towards understanding teacher attrition
Career Development and Counseling, Second Edition focuses on scientifically based career theories and practices, including those derived from research in other disciplines. Driven by the latest empirical and practical evidence, this text offers the most in-depth, far-reaching, and comprehensive career development and counseling resource available. The Second Edition includes new chapters on gender, race/ethnicity, social class and poverty, sexual minority identity, disability status, personality, and relational factors.
Dancing on the glass ceiling : tap into your true strenghts, activate your vision, and get what you really want ou of your career
The career potential of migrant scholars in Finnish higher education : emerging perspectives and dynamics
If not now, when? : how to take charge of your career
Logistic labyrinth - women in logistics
Academia in transition : mid-career change or early retirement
Creative graduates creative futures : a major longitudinal study undertaken between 2008 and 2010 of the career patterns of graduates in art, design, crafts and media subjects qualifying in 2002, 2003 and 2004 from 26 UK higher education institutions
Opening up new opportunities in gender equality work
The great mid-life career switch : 15 important tips to help you change careers at half-time
Language, career competences and career mobility in a multinational company
Hegemony, contradiction, and gender in the context of finnish university physics
Work among the elderly
A useful and fun book for any woman who has ever wanted, needed, lost, quit, hated, or loved a job. “Working Girl” (a.k.a. Karen Burns) has held a total of 59 jobs (so far), including housekeeper, cigarette girl, paper “boy”, model, ditch-digger, bank teller, editor, brochure writer, artist, and corporate drone. She made mistakes along the way, but extracted one important lesson from each job she has held. Working Girl now shares her hard-earned wisdom for the modern working woman with this series of 59 humorous yet practical vignettes, including guidance on: • Risk-taking and why it’s good • How to build self-confidence • Tips for managing your boss • When you’re not appreciated • Causes and cures for burnout • Balancing baby and boss • When it’s time to say adieu and 52 more! Whimsically illustrated with Working Girl cartoons, this is a fun, accessible advice book that deals with the real issues that are on the minds of working women (and not just those who are striving for the corner office!). No matter where a girl finds herself on the job ladder (from the bottom to the top), she’ll find that The Amazing Adventures of Working Girl will give her both perspective and a plan for success. -- Publisher description.
Handbook of life design : from practice to theory and from theory to practice
Harvard business review on advancing your career
The personal branding phenomenon : realize greater influence, explosive income growth and rapid career advancement by applying the branding techniques of Michael, Martha & Oprah
The motivational effect of a career path model in a specialist organisation : case: Capgemini Finland
Active learning and ageing at work : new visions and opportunies for older workers in the Nordic countries
Introduction to career counselling & coaching
Self-initiated design businesses : prevalent actions in design entrepreneurship
How to succeed as a scientist : from postdoc to professor
Influences of career concept changes in organisational and individual  career management practices
Investigating the teacher's life and work
Left of the bang
Do what you want : the book that shows you how to create a career you'll love
Women's career development and the role of networks in the Finnish hotel industry
Intellectual capital is one of the most important assets of any company and its importance is emphasizes in knowledge intensive organisations. In these organisations, it is essential that the employees are motivated and committed to develop their professional skills, continuously learn and to improve their performance. This thesis examines the motivational effect of a pre described career path model in an IT service company. The goal is to further develop the career path model and to examine how well the employees feel the model responds to its purpose of increasing motivation and commitment in the organisation and guiding people in their individual career decisions. In the theory part of this thesis careers and career development are discussed along with theories on motivation. A section on knowledge intensive organisation is included in the theory part, to understand the specific nature of the case company. The theory is based on a literature review, and the aim is at setting a theoretical framework for the study, that can be used in the empirical part. The empirical part of the thesis was conducted as a survey using questionnaires. The results were analysed using both, quantitative and qualitative approaches. The survey was conducted during one week, from November 11th to November 21st of 2008, as in Internet based form, and a link to the form was submitted to the respondents via email. The results of the survey indicate that the employees of the case company are well motivated in their work, very motivated to further develop their professional skills and that they feel committed to their organisation. The career path models under study in this thesis were well received and no clear criticism towards them arose. At the moment the models are very new, so practical experience of the long term effects of the models' implementation does not exist. At the moment it seems, that the models correspond very well to their task of communicating organisational development needs, increasing commitment and increasing the employees' motivation to further develop their professional skills.
Career anchors : participant workbook
Kiss heaven goodbye
Admen, mad men, and the real world of advertising : essential lessons for business and life
The pleasures and sorrows of work
Masters of their own time? : working careers' visions about combining retirement and caring
Hegemony, contradiction, and gender in the context of Finnish university physics
Working-life expectancy in Finland: trends and differentials 2000-2015 : a multistate regression approach
The motivational effect of a career path model in a specialist organi-sation : Case Capgemini
Starting your career as a dancer
The aspect of mobility in the career paths of hotel managers of one hotel chain in Helsinki.
Summary.
"Jenny Blake, bestselling author of Life After College and former career development program manager at Google, shows how to move into your next career phase by leveraging what you already do well.  Now, more than ever, we need to navigate career changes deftly and frequently. The average employee tenure in America is just four or five years, and even those job roles often change dramatically within that time frame. Our economy demands that we create dynamic careers based on creativity, innovation, and serving others. Careers aren't linear, predictable ladders; they're fluid trajectories that are fluid and entrepreneurial. No matter your age, bank account balance, or seniority, you need to be able to pivot into your next opportunity so you don't get left behind. Drawing from her own experience and those of other successful pivoters, Jenny Blake has created a four-step process that can teach anyone how to: identify existing strengths, interests, and experiences; find new opportunities and identify skills to develop without falling prey to paralysis by analysis; launch successfully in a new direction, while staying primed for the next move. This book is for anyone without an answer to the question, 'what's next?'. Whether you've hit a plateau in your perfect-on-paper job, you're considering taking on a new role in your current job, or you want to move to a new company or industry, one thing remains clear: career success depends on pivoting to Plan B (or C or D)"--
My criminal world
Finnish women are highly educated; however, women are still a minority in higher leader positions. The purpose of this thesis was to find new information on women leadership and conceive reasons for the lack of women leaders in Finland. The study also wanted to provide the main barriers for women in their career process. Hopefully, the information which is found in the study may help women understand and find tools to overcome these factors and also encourage and support more women to reach leadership levels. The thesis consists of a theoretical part and an empirical part. Theoretical part included pervious researches, literature and current articles on this topic. Theory familiarizes more closely the definition of leadership, barriers typically in women career process and women in leadership positions. For this research, the qualitative method was chosen as it is the most suitable for the purpose of this study. In the empirical part of this thesis was interviewed three women CEO's from different industries, and they operate in small or medium size organizations. By interviewing women leader in this study reached the current date of women leadership and got valid information on the experiences of women leaders concerning their career process. Based on the interviews and theoretical work it can be stated that most important factors for lack of women leaders in Finland is that women are less interested in leadership positions, organizational culture barriers and the tendency of women to choose education or work tasks that have limited progression possibilities. Interviews also showed that positive and modern organizational culture could increase the number of women leaders in Finland.
FemaleForum : competence for the future
So good they can't ignore you : why skills trump passion in the quest for work you love
"It is no secret that American graduate education is in disarray. Graduate students take too long to complete their studies and face a dismal academic job market if they succeed. The Graduate School Mess gets to the root of these problems and offers concrete solutions for revitalizing graduate education in the humanities. Leonard Cassuto, professor and graduate education columnist for The Chronicle of Higher Education, argues that universities' heavy emphasis on research comes at the expense of teaching. But teaching is where reforming graduate school must begin. Cassuto says that graduate education must recover its mission of public service. Professors should revamp the graduate curriculum and broaden its narrow definition of success to allow students to create more fulfilling lives for themselves both inside and outside the academy. Cassuto frames the current situation foremost as a teaching problem: professors rarely prepare graduate students for the demands of the working worlds they actually join. He gives practical advice about how faculty can teach and advise graduate students by committing to a student-centered approach. In chapters that follow the career of the graduate student from admissions to the dissertation and placement, Cassuto considers how each stage of graduate education is shaped by unexamined assumptions and ancient prejudices that need to be critically confronted. Written with verve and infused with history. The Graduate School Mess returns our national conversation about graduate study in the humanities to first principles."--Rabat de la Jaquette.
Ophelia in pieces
The designerʼs guide to business and careers : how to succeed on the job or on your own
Working-life expectancy in Finland : development in 2000-2009 and forecast for 2010-2015 : a multistate life table approach
The start-up of you : adapt to the future, invest in yourself, and transform your career
A one-page tool to reinvent yourself and your careerThe global bestseller Business Model Generation introduced a unique visual way to summarize and creatively brainstorm any business or product idea on a single sheet of paper. Business Model You uses the same powerful one-page tool to teach readers how to draw "personal business models," which reveal new ways their skills can be adapted to the changing needs of the marketplace to reveal new, more satisfying, career and life possibilities. Produced by the same team that created Business Model Generation, this book is based on the Business Model.
Becoming a midwife
Education and longer working lives : a longitudinal study on education differences in the late exit from working life of older employees in Finland
Life expectancy by labor force status and social class : recent period and cohort trends and projections for Finland
Career and wage dynamics : evidence from linked employer-employee data
Working-life expectancy in Finland : trends and differentials 2000-2015 : a multistate regression approach
The real Liddy James
The young professional's survival guide : from cab fares to moral snares
The careerist : over 100 ways to get ahead at work
Personal development for life and work
The cheat code : the secret tweaks, hacks and tips to get noticed and get ahead
Individual and contextual factors predicting educational and occupational career success
Pivot : the only move that matters is your next one
My effectual journey as a jewellery designer
Women's managerial careers in the context of the United Arab Emirates
A good girl comes undone
The courage to be creative : how to believe in yourself, your dreams and ideas and your creative career path
Gender, identity and the culture of organizations
The impact of expatriate assignments on intra-organizational careers : a case study
Designing your life : how to build a well-lived, joyful life
The Fashion careers guidebook
A Nordic perspective on career competences and guidance : career choices and career learning
How did 'Paramount Pictures' Sherry Lansing, Ogilvy and Mather's Shelly Lazarus, and Supreme Court Justice Sandra Day O'Connor make it to the top? Not by "playing like a man"! As you'll discover in Dancing on the Glass Ceiling, mimicking the macho leadership styles of successful businessmen may help you climb your way to the middle, but if you want to soar into the stratosphere of upper management, you have to play like a woman. This comprehensive workshop-in-a-book shows you how successful women have reached their lifelong goals by relying on inherent, feminine-based strengths to distinguish themselves as leaders. Here you will find practical techniques for maximizing your feminine skills, including communication, team- and relationship- building, intuition, and the supportive mind-set that nurtures both companies and employees.
Business model you : a one-page method for reinventing your career
The changes in the modern environment happen constantly. Individuals and organizations try to cope with the changes. The hotel industry has been showing good economical results globally and in Finland during the recent years, and therefore it is an attractive working environemnt.     The purpose of this qualitative research was to understand the role of mobility in the career paths of the hotel managers in Helsinki. The hotel managers of only one company were interviewed, therefore the results describe the situation in the company X.     The data for this research was collected through literature review, collecting the information about the case company through publicly availabe sources and through informant interview with the company's representative, and through conducting the interviews with eight hotel managers employed by the company X in the Helsinki region. The main research question was: What paths hotel managers of the chain X go through in their careers? Threesupporting research questions were set as well: What role career mobility plays in the career paths of the hotel managers? What types of career mobility are prevalent in the career paths of the hotel managers? What is affecting the individual's decision towards change in the career?    Findings of this study showed that career mobility in career of the hotel managers is represented by developing universal skills, loving own job and networking. Career mobility is rather percieved positively by the hotel managers. The types that are prevalent in the career paths of the hotel managers are physical and pshycological mobility, vertical mobility, moving across the hotel functions and moving across industries. The main affect on the changes in the career have organizational intent and willingness to learn and improve oneself.     It is an interesting topic for the future professionals who are planning to work in Finland in the hotel field as well as for professionals already working in the industry. They can learn from the results of the research that mobility plays an important role in the career paths. Future professional can also see that universal skills acquired especially through experience in front office and food and beverage depatments of a hotel are helpful for the development of a career. Constant learning and imporving oneself are also essential characteristics of career path and should be considered by future professionals.
Developing your portfolio: enhancing your learning and showing your stuff
Imagining women's careers
Career development and counseling : putting theory and research to work
Around the globe, career education and guidance is being presented as the answer to social exclusion, ensuring economic competitiveness and prosperity. The profile of career education and guidance has never been higher. Yet, current policy discussions have centred on individuals' development of 'self managed' careers within a global labour market, placing employability skills above all concerns. This book goes beyond the rhetoric of the 'self managed' career and 'employability skills' by exploring career education and guidance from critical and radical standpoints. The contributors question the economic underpinning that has driven social agendas, arguing that career education and guidance needs to place greater emphasis on developing socially just practices. The views expressed help to open up the debate around the impact of globalisation as consideration is given to the ways in which career professionals might actively enable, empower and promote the democratic engagement of all in the shaping of their worlds. The contributors consider the issues within a range of contexts including 'race', gender, disability and social class. "Critical Reflections on Career Education and Guidance" is essential reading for students, academics, practitioners and researchers who wish to achieve a greater understanding of the contexts involved.
The 12 secrets of highly creative women : a portable mentor
And what do you do? : 10 steps to creating a portfolio career
Women's career strategy choices and fertility in Finland
Critical reflections on career education and guidance : promoting social justice within a global economy
Abstract in english.
Women leadership in Finland : Finnish woman at the top
A test to pass or a tool for growth? : evaluating the usefulness of the psychological assessment of ministerial aspirants
Abstract.
Career directions : the path to your ideal career
Exposure to chromium and its long-term health effects in stainless steel production
Making sense of women managers' identities through the constructions of managerial career and gender
Creating a Career in Japan
In this extraordinary eye-opening account, Georgetown University professor Dr. Calvin Newport debunks the long-held traditonal notion that 'following your passion' is good career advice.
Creative careers : paths for aspiring actors, artists, dancers, musicians and writers
Self-initiated expatriate careers as resources, fit and actions
"That is why I gave in to age my competitive ability but not my soul!" : a spiritual journey in endurance running
Cases in organizational ethics
Universities, once at the forefront of campaigns for intellectual liberty, are now bastions of conformity. This provocative book traces the demise of academic freedom within the context of changing ideas about the purpose of the university and the nature of knowledge and is a passionate call to arms for the power of academic thought today.
Four stories of superwomen : manifestations of feminine charasteristics in succesful leading of animation productions
Starting your career as a freelance photographer
Steps for Developing a Professional Career Homepage for Winning  Most Suitable Employees for RPC
The aspect of mobility in the career paths of hotel managers of one hotel chain in Helsinki
What a girl wants
femaleForum : competence for the future
Career anchors : facilitator's guide
Longer careers? : 'Veto' programme indicators
English abstract: Academic career paths : the early career phases of generalists in the fields of humanities, social science and education in the 1980's and 1990's
Creative careers in fashion : 30 ways to make a living in the world of couture
How visual artists find employment in the Finnish game industry
Towards successful seniorityTM : from family leave to work : participant's workbook
Leap without a net : leaving a job with no plan B
The killing season
How to sell yourself
Careers in focus : family and consumer sciences
Women's careers in medicine : development in the United States and Finland
Teachers' career trajectories and work lives
Building workforce strength : creating value through workforce and career development
