http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20680 Guantánamo Bay
Guantánamo Bay Guantanamo Bay Naval Base
The Afghan
Guantánamo : why the illegal US base should be returned to Cuba
Guantanamo : a working-class history between empire and revolution
Guantánamo : violation of human rights and international law?
My life with the Taliban
Our nation unhinged : the human consequences of the War on Terror
The least worst place : how Guantanamo became the world's most notorious prison
Habeas corpus after 9/11 : confronting America's new global detention system
The torture memos : rationalizing the unthinkable
"An unprecedented international publishing event: the first and only diary written by a still-imprisoned Guantánamo detainee. Since 2002, Mohamedou Slahi has been imprisoned at the detainee camp at Guantánamo Bay, Cuba. In all these years, the United States has never charged him with a crime. Although he was ordered released by a federal judge, the U.S. government fought that decision, and there is no sign that the United States plans to let him go. Three years into his captivity Slahi began a diary, recounting his life before he disappeared into U.S. custody and daily life as a detainee. His diary is not merely a vivid record of a miscarriage of justice, but a deeply personal memoir--terrifying, darkly humorous, and surprisingly gracious. Published now for the first time, GUANTÁNAMO DIARY is a document of immense historical importance"--
The revelation that the United States was systematically torturing inmates at prisons run by its military and civilian leaders divided the nation and brought deep shame to many. When author Miles, an expert in medical ethics and an advocate for human rights, learned of it, one of his first thoughts was: "Where were the prison doctors while the abuses were taking place?" Here, he explains the answer: not only were doctors, nurses, and medics silent while prisoners were abused; physicians and psychologists provided information that helped determine how much and what kind of mistreatment could be delivered to detainees during interrogation. Additionally, these harsh examinations were monitored by health professionals operating under the purview of the U.S. military. Based on meticulous research and documentations, he tells a story markedly different from the official version, revealing involvement at every level of government. This book will reinvigorate Americans' understanding of why human rights matter.--From publisher description.
The U.S. Naval Base at Guantánamo : imperialist outpost in the heart of Cuba
Guantánamo, USA : the untold history of America's Cuban outpost
Oath betrayed : torture, medical complicity, and the war on terror
