http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20677 doctor's appointment
doctor's appointment visit to a doctor
Healthcare payment systems : fee schedule payment system
Improving medical outcomes : the psychology of doctor-patient visits
Betsy goes to the doctor
The critical link 3 : interpreters in the community : selected papers from the Third International Conference on Interpreting in Legal, Health and Social Service Settings, Montréal, Québec, Canada 22-26 May 2001
The burden of coeliac disease : the perspectives of patients, health care system and society
Primary care visits in the Finnish occupational health services and their connections to prevention and work-related factors
Encounters in the health care : the voice of the patient
A day with the animal doctors
Patient participation in health care consultations : qualitative perspectives
So you want to be an interpreter? : an introduction to sign language interpreting
Relieved after doctor's consultation? : primary health care patients' complaint-related worries
The critical link 3 : interpreters in the community : selected papers from the third International Conference on Interpreting in Legal, Health and Social Service Settings, Montréal, Québec, Canada 22-26 May 2001
In discussions of the issue of interpreter neutrality, the anecdotes that interpreters and laypeople share suggest that the traditional perception of the interpreter's role as a neutral conduit of language is at odds with people's real-life experiences. In order to examine ways in which ASL-English interpreters influence interactive discourse, it is important to recognize that not all interactive discourse is identical. Interactive discourse, as it is used here, refers to dialogic or multiparty interactions. In order to examine the sociolinguistic question of whether an interpreter can interpret interactive discourse without influencing it, this study has applied frame theory to two cases of interpreted encounters. Interpreters, like other participants, bring their own frames and schema to interpreted encounters. Moreover, analysis of interpreter-generated utterances that are not renditions of other-party discourse indicates that interpreters' contributions can be categorized into two types: relayings and interactional management.
Terveydenhuollon trendit
Found an apple
Meetings between experts : an approach to sharing ideas in medical consultations
GP's consultation, perspective on quality.
Sahir di kham rang = Sahir goes to the dentist
Patient participation in decision making process in primary care : a conversation analytic study
Communication in nursing
"The ability of doctors to properly diagnose and treat patients is often colored by non-specific factors that can affect outcomes in profound ways. Communication between doctors and patients is key, but often what is left unsaid is just as important, and messages from outside sources such as medical journals, drug companies, and other patients can affect how a doctor treats any one patient at any one time. This book outlines the non-specific factors that come into play when doctors and patients interact, how both doctors and patients can overcome these messages to focus in on the health of the person sitting on the table, and how psychological factors in both the doctor and the patient can affect medical outcomes. Anyone hoping to improve the medical care they give or the medical care they get will find in these pages strategies for improving those results"--Provided by publisher.
Claude in the city
Sign language interpreting : deconstructing the myth of neutrality
Dora's new adventures. Dora goes to the doctor!
