http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20631 emigrants
emigrants
Rethinking migration and incorporation in the context of transnationalism and neoliberalism
Forced migration and global politics
Overseas Chinese in the People's Republic of China
"Trying to think in reverse"
International perspectives : integration and inclusion
Orange trees of Baghdad : in search of my lost family
Global Japan : the experience of Japan's new immigrant and overseas communities
Breakaway : from behind the Iron Curtain to the NHL : the untold story of hockey's great escapes
Economy, ethnicity and international migration : the comparison of Finland, Hungary and Russia
Labor movement : how migration regulates labor markets
Identity construction and conflict management in a multicultural setting : the case of the Oromo diaspora in Norway
"Once a jolly swagman..." : essays on migration in honour of Olavi Koivukangas on his 60th birthday
Chinese ethnic business : global and local perspectives
The Atlantic literary review : [special issue]. Vol. 3, No. 4, October-December 2002, Special issue on diasporic Indian fiction
The Irish in post-war Britain
Young migrants : exclusion and belonging in Europe
White migrations : gender, whiteness, and privilege in transnational migration
Family, commerce, and religion in London and Cologne : Anglo-German emigrants, c. 1000 - c. 1300
A place called winter
The ministry to Finns abroad
At home in the Chinese diaspora : memories, identities and belongings
Intercultural crossings : conflict, memory and identity
Migration and social upheaval in the face of globalization in Central Asia
Beyond Chinatown : new Chinese migration and the global expansion of China
Transit migration : the missing link between emigration and settlement
Following footprints : a century in the life of the Sydney Finnish community
Security and migration in the 21st century
Museums, the media and refugees : stories of crisis, control and compassion
Asylum-Seeking, Migration and Church addresses one of the most pressing issues confronting contemporary society. How are we to engage with migrants? Drawing on studies of church engagement with asylum seekers in the UK and critical immigration and refugee issues in North America, Snyder presents an extended theological reflection on both the issue of asylum-seeking and the fears of established populations surrounding immigration.This book outlines ways in which churches are currently supporting asylum seekers, encouraging closer engagement with people seen as 'other' and more thoughtful responses to newcomers. Creatively exploring biblical and theological traditions surrounding the 'stranger', Snyder argues that as well as practising a vision of inclusive community churches would do well to engage with established population fears. Trends in global migration and the dynamics of fear and hostility surrounding immigration are critically and creatively explored throughout the book. Inviting more complex, nuanced responses to asylum seekers and immigrants, this book offers invaluable insights to those interested in Christian ethics, practical theology, social work, mission and faith and social action, as well as those working in the field of migration.
Settlers and expatriates : Britons over the seas
How the workers became muslims : immigration, culture, and hegemonic transformation in Europe
International migration of skilled persons from Finland
Explores the experience of Britons in the colonial world outside the Dominions through a series of case studies of different communities spread across the world of British power.
Global migration : the basics
Globalisation and the nation in imperial Germany
Writing in the beginning of the 1980s, Ernesto Laclau and Chantal Mouffe explored possibilities for a new socialist strategy to capitalize on the period's fragmented political and social conditions. Two and a half decades later, Ferruh Yilmaz acknowledges that the populist far right—not the socialist movement—has demonstrated greater facility in adopting successful hegemonic strategies along the structural lines Laclau and Mouffe imagined. Right wing hegemonic strategy, Yilmaz argues, has led to the reconfiguration of internal fault lines in European societies. Yilmaz's primary case study is Danish immigration discourse, but his argument contextualizes his study in terms of questions of current concern across Europe, where right wing groups that were long on the fringes of “legitimate” politics have managed to make significant gains with populations typically aligned with the Left. Specifically, Yilmaz argues that socio-political space has been transformed in the last three decades such that group classification has been destabilized to emphasize cultural rather than economic attributes. According to this point-of-view, traditional European social and political cleavages are jettisoned for new “cultural” alliances pulling the political spectrum to the right, against the corrosive presence of Muslim immigrants, whose own social and political variety is flattened into an illusion of alien sameness.
Lifestyle migration : expectations, aspirations and experiences
Transnational families, migration and the circulation of care : understanding mobility and absence in family life
Culture impact on Finnish expatriates' work performance and leadership in China
The international trend towards migration is growing rapidly and becoming increasingly complex. As the first-wave generation of migrants ages, their children and even grandchildren are reaching adulthood having spent their entire lives in the countries their families chose long ago. International Perspectives: Integration and Inclusion is a wide-ranging exploration of this new, global reality. While many countries have been, and remain, resistant to migration, the sheer volume of people moving from one country to another is forcing public policy and perceptions to change. Migrant inclusion and integration, however, remains an issue in many locales. Insightful and timely, this volume brings together contributions from various countries and levels of the migrant experience in order to consider the ways in which states can facilitate the integration and inclusion of newcomers and minorities.
Mobility and migration choices : thresholds to crossing borders
Acknowledgments Contributors Introduction by Ahmet İçduygu and Zeynep Gülru Göker PART I: Integration, Adaptation or Accommo-dation: The Creation of Transnational Spaces by Migrants 1. Marriage Migration from Turkey to Germany: A Qualitative Longitudinal and Dyadic Perspective by Can M. Aybek and Gaby Straßburger 2. Orga-nized Amateur Football and Turkish-Speaking Immigrants in London: Immigrant Identities and Integration by Kadir Onur Unutulmaz 3. The Transnationalism of Turkish Politics or the Politics of Transnation-alism? The Case of Turkish Migrants in Australia by Banu Şenay PART II: Migrants Negotiating Integration in the Neoliberal Turkish City 1. Job Visibility as a Variable for Assessing the Frequency of Kurdish Language Use Among Kurdish Migrant Workers in Istanbul Workplaces by Anne Schluter and Mahmut Sankarsan 2. The Urban Transformation in Kadifekale, İzmir: The Crossroads of Neolib-eralism and Internal Displacement by Neslihan Demirtaş-Milz and Cenk Saraçoğlu 3. Migrant Integration, Neoliberal Governmentality and Urban Restructuring: The Cases of Ankara and Istanbul, Turkey by Tahire Erman Epilogue by Ahmet İçduygu and Zeynep Gülru Göker Index.
Asylum-seeking, migration and church
