http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20653 art forms
art forms
Sight unseen : whiteness and American visual culture
Afterimage : the journal of media arts and cultural criticism in the social and decision sciences
A performance cosmology : testimony from the future, evidence of the past / [edited by] Judie Christie, Richard Gough, Daniel Watt
TDR : the drama review
What are you looking at? : 150 years of modern art in the blink of an eye
Experiental education of mathematics : art and games for digital natives
The Medici : citizens and masters
Reflections on stage : an investigation of projection as character
Possibilities of Art Appropriation in Print Advertising
Decadent style
Cool : applied visual arts in the North
Rococo echo : art, history and historiography from Cochin to Coppola
The politics of new media theatre : life
Proust was a neuroscientist
The Grove dictionary of art
The marketing manual : for performing arts organisations
The theater event : modern theories of performance
The art of cruelty : a reckoning
The modern and contemporary sphere of art and its place in societal-cultural reality in the light of system-theoretical and systemic sociology : a study of a sociological research tradition and its art-theoretical contribution
Allegra lab : anthropology, law, art, world
A field guide to getting lost
Storm : the first generation of European breakdance / Jonna Strandberg
Creative industries : critical readings
Research in art and design in Finnish universities (2004-2007) : [evaluation report]
Orientalist aesthetics : art, colonialism, and French North Africa, 1880-1930
Training days : the subway artists then and now
(Capturing intention) : documentation, analysis and notation research based on the work of Emio Greco, PC
American theatre
Art history for dummies
Documentation, disappearance and the representation of live performances
The psychology of artists and the arts
The essence of Finnish design and culture : mythology, moomin and people in the intimate wilderness
Designing utopia : John Hargrave and the Kibbo Kift
Booking and tour management for the performing arts
Creative arts marketing
13 paintings children should know
Exploring visual design : the elements and principles
Intersecting art and technology in practice : techne/technique/technology
Contemporary identities of creativity and creative work
Black artists in British art : a history since the 1950s
History of art : from the middle ages to the renaissance, impressionism and modern art
Navigating the unknown : the creative process in contemporary performing arts
Early Netherlandish paintings : rediscovery, reception and research
Nordic Highlights : newsletter from Gehrmans musikförlag & Fennica Gehrman
Divergencies of perception : the possibilities of Merleau-Pontian phenomenology in analyses of contemporary art
Managing art projects with societal impact : in a nutshell
13 women artists children should know
FNG Research
Fascinating stage arts
This book takes a fresh 'how to' approach to Practice as Research. At the 'performance turn' it argues that old prejudices should be abandoned and that a PaR methodology and its modes of 'doing-knowing' should be fully accepted in the academy. It refines Robin Nelson's earlier models for PaR but sustains the dynamic and dialogic interplay between different modes of knowledge-production in a multi-mode research inquiry. It advances strategies for articulating and evidencing the research inquiry and offers practical guidance to practitioner-researchers on how to conduct a PaR inquiry. With reference to examples drawn from a decade of supervisory, examining and audit experience, Nelson addresses - and offers answers to - the many questions students, professional practitioner-researchers, regulators and examiners have posed in this domain. To broaden the perspective and take account of differing levels of acceptance and development of programmes in PaR around the word, in Part II of the book six international contributors respond to Part I and afford cross-sights from the standpoint of their territory (covering the US, Europe, South Africa and New Zealand).
Marketing the arts : a fresh approach
In this study Geoffrey Galt Harpham argues that we should view the grotesque not as a marginal or aberrant form, but rather as a key to central concepts in the Western artistic tradition. With discussions of pictorial and narrative art, and readings of theoretical statements by Kant, Hegel, Ruskin and others, this book expands our concept of the grotesque, and enriches our understanding of art itself.
Art therapy : Journal of the American Art Therapy Association
The grand hall : first peoples of Canada's northwest coast
Transatlantic Romanticism : British and American art and literature, 1790-1860
The multidisciplinary path of Dimi-0 / Virve Sutinen
The mammoth book of tattoo art
Art portraying medicine
Chinese brush painting : a hands-on introduction to the traditional art
Rising ecological awareness in Chinese contemporary art : an analysis of the cultural environment
Culture club : modern art, rock and roll, and other things your parents warned you about
Creative economy report 2008 : the challenge of assessing the creative economy : towards informed policy-making
Critical dictionary
Invitation to the party : Building bridges to the arts, culture and community
Ex Machina : from page to stage
The Routledge Companion to Art and Politics offers a thorough examination of the complex relationship between art and politics, and the many forms and approaches the engagement between them can take. The contributors - a diverse assembly of artists, activists, scholars from around the world - discuss and demonstrate ways of making art and politics legible and salient in the world. As such the 32 chapters in this volume reflect on performing and visual arts; music, film and new media; as well as covering social practice, community-based work, conceptual, interventionist and movement affiliated forms. The Companion is divided into four distinct parts: * Conceptual Cartographies * Institutional Materialities * Modalities of Practice * Making Publics Randy Martin has assembled a collection that ensures that readers will come away with a wider view of what can count as art and politics; where they might find it; and how it moves in the world. The diversity of perspectives is at once challenging and fortifying to those who might dismiss political art on the one hand as not making sufficient difference and on the other to those embracing it but seeking a means to elaborate the significance that it can make in the world. The Routledge Companion to Art and Politics brings together a range of issues and approaches and encourages critical and creative thinking about how art is produced, perceived, and received.
The immortal evening : a legendary dinner with Keats, Wordsworth, and Lamb
Theatres of thought : theatre, performance and philosophy
FAT : Finnish art today. Edition 2013
Critical studies in art and design education
Theory for performance studies : a student's guide
Advanced Painter techniques
Art before breakfast : a zillion ways to be more creative no matter how busy you are
Born to be a teacher? : a narrative of becoming an art educator-artist-researcher
Beauty's appeal : measure and excess
Teotihuacan : an experiment in living
Art and design strengthened by Northern cultures
What life was like
Art in nature
Midsummer night's Romeos
The psychology of aesthetics and the arts is dedicated to the study of our experiences of the visual arts, music, literature, film, performances, architecture and design; our experiences of beauty and ugliness; our preferences and dislikes; and our everyday perceptions of things in our world. The Cambridge Handbook of the Psychology of Aesthetics and the Arts is a foundational volume presenting an overview of the key concepts and theories of the discipline where readers can learn about the questions that are being asked and become acquainted with the perspectives and methodologies used to address them. The psychology of aesthetics and the arts is one of the oldest areas of psychology but it is also one of the fastest growing and most exciting areas.
Performance histories
Performing texts
Comprehensive introduction to the anthropology of the arts, this is the first textbook to go beyond visual art to cover the arts more broadly. Drawing together media such as painting, sound, performance, video, and film, it presents a clear overview of the cross-cultural human experience of art.
Creative arts in interdisciplinary practice : inquiries for hope & change
On the grotesque : strategies of contradiction in art and literature
Street knowledge
At the crossroads : readings of the postcolonial and the global in African literature and visual art
Who-what-artist? / Erkki Pirtola
The routledge dance studies reader
Literary art in digital performance : case studies in new media art and criticism
Seeing from above : the aerial view in visual culture
American journal of art therapy : art in psychotherapy, rehabilitation and education
Common as air : revolution, art, and ownership
Mermaid ancestry can be traced from the classical past to the present. From her roots in Assyrian reliefs to inn signs, figureheads and tattoos, from the seductress of sailors to Picasso's mural of Syrena, the legends and folklore surrounding the mermaid remain as open to interpretation as the myths that have ensured her survival. She is blessed with one tail or two, as happy in freshwater as salt, and her line of descent runs from Homer's sirens to the nymphs in Pirates of the Caribbean. And what of the selkies, or seal-folk, or the fish-tailed maidens found entangled in fishermens nets? -- The earliest surviving images of mermaids date from 3,000 years ago. For much of her existence she has been an object of desire: in medieval bestiaries and pre-Raphaelite paintings, mermaids were symbols of lust and temptation. Only recently has the mermaid been reclaimed as neither vamp nor victim, but confident self-aware woman. Few creatures match her allure. A sexual hybrid, woman to the waist and fish below, her enduring popularity spans eras, continents and art forms.
Theory of performing arts
This book is the first comprehensive study and reinterpretation of the unique arts of Teotihuacan, including architecture, sculpture, mural painting, and ceramics. Comparing the arts of Teotihuacan - not previously judged "artistic"--With those of other ancient civilizations, Esther Pasztory demonstrates how they created and reflected the community's ideals. Pasztory argues that, unlike the art of other Mesoamerican groups, the art of Teotihuacan refrains from glorifying rulers because its people wished to create the image of an integrated community. Instead their art glorifies nature and the supernatural and emphasizes egalitarian rather than aristocratic values. Pasztory identifies a great goddess who presided over this construction of civic harmony. Teotihuacan: An Experiment in Living is a portrait of a culture that made no portraits, a reinterpretation of a culture that left no texts interpreting itself. Nineteen color and seventy-seven black-and-white illustrations accompany the text
Variantology : 2 : on deep time relations of arts, sciences, and technologies
The science of acting
Dance Production: Design and Technology introduces you to the skills you need to plan, design, and execute the technical aspects of a dance production. While it may not seem that staging a dance production is that different from a play or musical, in reality a dance performance offers up unique intricacies and challenges all its own, from scenery that accommodates choreography, to lighting design that sculpts the body, and costumes that complement movement. This unique book approaches the process of staging a dance production from a balanced perspective, making it an essential resource for dancers and designers alike. Covering a broad range of topics, author Jeromy Hopgood takes the reader through the process of producing dance from start to finish - including pre-production planning (collaboration, production process, personnel, performance spaces), design disciplines (lighting, sound, scenery, costumes, projections), stage management, and more. Bridging the gap between theatrical and dance design, the book includes a quick reference guide for theatrical and dance terminology, useful in giving dancers and designers a common working vocabulary that will ensure productive communication across the different fields.
The intertextual method for art education applied in Japanese paper theatre - a study on discovering intercultural differences
The empty space
The lion in Romanesque art, meaning or decoration?
Performance, technology, & science
Canadian culture : an introductory reader
Composition : understanding line, notan and color
Popular entertainment research : how to do it and how to use it
Full house : turning data into audiences: a manual for ticketing and marketing professionals
Art of the Andes : from Chávin to Inka
Sensualities/textualities and technologies : writings of the body in 21st century performance
The Britannica guide to Russia : the essential guide to the nation, its people, and culture
The arts of imprisonment : control, resistance and empowerment
Mediterranean modernism : intercultural exchange and aesthetic development
Art in anime : the creative quest as theme and metaphor
Contemporary self-portraits. Me as me
Uncommon goods : global dimensions of the readymade
Digital painting tricks & techniques : 100 ways to improve your cg art
Content-based approach to experiencing visual art
Essential guide to business in the performing arts
Invisible : the dangerous allure of the unseen
HESA inprint
Chinalive : reflections on contemporary performance art
The universal vampire : origins and evolution of a legend
Practice as research in the arts : principles, protocols, pedagogies, resistances
Contextualization and Presence in Visual Arts
Rattling spears : a history of indigenous Australian art
The effects of art on wellbeing : case Hair
International artist : Espoo
Disappeariences : a performance of disappearance and absence
PAYE : performing arts yearbook for Europe 2001
Contemporary art in North America
Using Reference in Creating a Digital Painting
Impossible mourning : HIV/AIDS and visuality after apartheid
The research presented in this volume is very recent, and the general approach is that of rethinking popular musicology: its purpose, its aims, and its methods. Contributors to the volume were asked to write something original and, at the same time, to provide an instructive example of a particular way of working and thinking. The essays have been written with a view to helping graduate students with research methodology and the application of relevant theoretical models. The team of contributors is an exceptionally strong one: it contains many of the pre-eminent academic figures involved in popular musicological research, and there is a spread of European, American, Asian, and Australasian scholars. The volume covers seven main themes: Film, Video and Multimedia; Technology and Studio Production; Gender and Sexuality; Identity and Ethnicity; Performance and Gesture; and, Reception and Scenes and The Music Industry and Globalization. "The Ashgate Research Companion" is designed to offer scholars and graduate students a comprehensive and authoritative state-of-the-art review of current research in a particular area. The companion's editor brings together a team of respected and experienced experts to write chapters on the key issues in their speciality, providing a comprehensive reference to the field.
The myth of Nouveau réalisme : art and the performative in postwar France
Aesthetics beyond the arts : new and recent essays
Performing arts institutions and young people
Contemporary self-portraits. Féin-phortráidí conhaimiseartha
The World's great men of music
Benefit-oriented socially engaged art : two cases of social work experiment
Architectures of illusion : from motion pictures to navigable interactive enviroments
A bilingual handbook on Japanese culture
The Cambridge handbook of the psychology of aesthetics and the arts
The creators : a history of heroes of the imagination
The Managing Art Projects with Societal Impact project has been created to increase the level of knowledge and competence of cultural managers who engage in managing and mediating art projects with societal impact. The published study book by the project Managing Art Projects with Societal Impact meets the demand for developing specific management skills by discussing the intersections of art, society and impacts and their relation to different policies, as well as identifying the central managerial aspects that are relevant to increasing the societal influence of the arts. This guide, based on the contribution of project’s study book, presents some tools and models with illustrative cases and examples, which seek to reflect diverse reader experiences, learning methods and ideas for managing art projects with societal impact.
Primary art : it's the process, not the product
MOD 2001 99 : Music, opera, dance & drama in Asia, the Pacific and North America
Seiobo there below
The debate on research in the arts
Management and the arts
Traditional performing arts through the mass media in India
Audiences and the arts : communication perspectives
Towards a theory of political art : cultural politics of 'Black Wave' film in Yugoslavia, 1963-1972
First art for toddlers and twos : open-ended art experiences
Tracing the footprints : documenting the process of performance
Filming the fantastic : a guide to visual effects cinematography
Discusses whether the brutal imagery present in reality and entertainment will shock society into a less alienated state and help create a just social order or whether focusing on representations of cruelty makes society more cruel.
The performance arts of Africa : a reader
AS film studies : the essential introduction
After sound : toward a critical music
The smiles of Rome : a literary companion for readers and travelers
Performance and performativity
Modernism : challenges and perspectives
Politics and aesthetics in the arts
The school of art : learn how to make great art with 40 simple lessons
Lonely Planet's instant expert : a visual guide to the skills you've always wanted
The marketing manual
The Ashgate research companion to popular musicology
Revitalization of a community site-specific art and art festivals : a case of art site Naoshima
Tribe : excercises in transitory art
Beyond performance in Japanese Butoh dance : embodying re-cration of self and social identities
Dance production : design and technology
Landscapes : John Berger on art
Anthropology of the arts : a reader
Romeo & Juliet : in-schools touring production
The Routledge companion to art and politics
Cash in! : funding and promoting the arts : a compendium of imaginativeconcepts, tested ideas and case histories of programs and promotions that make money
How to successfully manage dance-related business in a highly competitive environment
Wanderer in the landscape : reflections on the relationship between art and the northern environment
Scientific examination of art : modern techniques in conservation and analysis
From Asgard to Valhalla : the remarkable history of the Norse myths
Contemporary self-portraits. Children make their mark
"That the Romantic movement was an international phenomenon is a commonplace, yet to date, historical study of the movement has tended to focus primarily on its national manifestations. This volume offers a new perspective. In thirteen chapters devoted to artists and writers of the late eighteenth and early nineteenth centuries, leading scholars of the period examine the international exchanges that were crucial for the rise of Romanticism in England and the United States. In the book's introduction, Andrew Hemingway--building on the theoretical work of Michael Lowy and Robert Sayre--proposes that we need to remobilize the concept of Weltanschauung, or comprehensive worldview, in order to develop the kind of synthetic history of arts and ideas the phenomenon of Romanticism demands. The essays that follow focus on the London and New York art worlds and such key figures as Benjamin West, Thomas Bewick, John Vanderlyn, Washington Allston, John Martin, J. M. W. Turner, Thomas Cole, James Fenimore Cooper, George Catlin, Edgar Allan Poe, Harriet Beecher Stowe, and Herman Melville. Taken together, these essays plot the rise of a romantic anti-capitalist Weltanschauung as well as the dialectic between Romanticism's national and international manifestations." -- Publisher's description
Review of arts and culture in Helsinki
This book explores how Modernist movements all across the Mediterranean basin differed from those of other regions. The chapters show how the political and economic turmoil of a period marked by world war, revolution, decolonization, nationalism, and the rapid advance of new technologies compelled artists, writers, and other intellectuals to create a new hybrid Mediterranean Modernist aesthetic which sought to balance the tensions between local and foreign, tradition and innovation, and colonial and postcolonial.
A short history of african art
Performing processes
African drama and performance
Art education in a postmodern world : collected essays
Different moment, different tune : how emotional perception of music changes with the time of day
Applying sound art research in modern electronic music production : glitch, loop, plunderphonics and sound collage as tools of production
The fire artist
Sacred exchanges : images in global context
Performance : texts and contexts
"After Sound considers contemporary art practices that reconceive music beyond the limitation of sound. This book is called After Sound because music and sound are, in Barrett's account, different entities. While musicology and sound art theory alike typically equate music with pure instrumental sound, or absolute music, Barrett posits music as an expanded field of artistic practice encompassing a range of different media and symbolic relationships. The works discussed in After Sound thus use performance, text scores, musical automata, video, social practice, and installation while they articulate a novel aesthetic space for a radically engaged musical practice. Coining the term 'critical music,' this book examines a diverse collection of art projects which intervene into specific political and philosophical conflicts by exploring music's unique historical forms"--Publisher's website.
Children of freedom of speech : URB 02, 29.7.-11.8. / Heidi Kalmari
Gay Gotham : art and underground culture in New York
The mask carver's son
Arts and skills - source of well-being : Third International Journal of Intercultural Arts Education
Spiritualia sub metaphoris corporalium? : description in the visual arts
Our art : the reasoning for the acquisition and placing of the public sculptures of the Jyväskylä City Art Collection in 1977-2007
Dance research journal
Dancing north : nordic dance in the 90s = Rumbo al norte : la danza nórdica de los anos noventa / [edition: Anne Flindt Christensen]
Primitive passions : men, women, and the quest for ecstasy
Jewish book art between Islam and Christianity : the decoration of Hebrew bibles in medieval Spain
The missed encounter of radical philosophy with architecture
Lost, stolen or shredded : stories of missing works of art and literature
"This fascinating text introduces readers to postcolonial theory using the context of British media culture in ethnic minority communities to explain key ideas and debates. Each chapter considers a specific media output and uses a wealth of examples to offer an absorbing insight into postcolonial media for all students of cultural and media studies".
Booking performance tours : marketing and acquiring live arts and entertainment
Art history : the key concepts
An easy introduction to the arts and sciences : being a short, but comprehensive system of useful and polite learning, divided into lessons : illustrated with cuts, and adapted to the use of schools and academies
Turkish arts
101 places in Italy : a private grand tour, 1001 unforgettable works of art
Marketing plan for a circus production : case company: Cie Nuua
The world of theatre : an account of the theatre seasons 1996-97, 1997-98 and 1998-99
Contemporary self-portraits. Kaasaegne autoportree = Современый автопотрет = Contemporary self-portrait
Apollo : the international magazine of the arts
Colors of enchantment : theater, dance, music, and the visual arts of the Middle East
The fertile crescent : gender, art, and society
Art and politics : a small history of art for social change since 1945
The Inca world : ancient people and places : art, architecture, religion, everyday life, culture : the native civilizations of the Andes and South America explored in 500 paintings, drawings and photographs
Artist and patron in postwar Japan : dance, music, theater, and the visual arts, 1955-1980
Experiments with truth : Gandhi and the images of nonviolence
Maya art and architecture
War : Australia's creative response
Artforum international : Helsinki
Arts v. science : a collection of essays
Painting digitally : with Photoshop's brush tool
Live physical theater performance recorded at Nexus Theatre, Murdoch University, January 1997.
Live physical theater performance recorded at Blue Room Theatre, Perth, Australia, in 1996.
Nordic Committee for Art History
On revolutionary literature and arts
Art and social change : contemporary art in Asia and the Pacific
Ireland : a cultural encyclopaedia
Art and knowledge
Music in the life of man
Notan : the dark-light principle of design
Creative workers have been celebrated internationally for their flexibility in new labour markets centred on culture, creativity and, most recently, innovation. This book draws on research with novice and established workers in a range of specializations in order to explore the meanings, aspirations and practical difficulties associated with a creative identification. It investigates the difficulties and attractions of creative work as a personalized, affect-laden project of self-making, perpetually open and oriented to possibility, uncertain in its trajectory or rewards. Employing a cross-disciplinary methodology and analytic approach, the book investigates the new cultural meanings in play around a creative career. It shows how classic ideals of design and the creative arts, re-interpreted and promoted within contemporary art schools, validate the lived experience of precarious working in the global sectors of the creative and cultural industries, yet also contribute to its conflicts. "Contemporary Identities of Creativity and Creative Work" presents a distinctive study and original findings which make it essential reading for social scientists, including social psychologists, with an interest in cultural and media studies, creativity, identity, work and contemporary careers.
