http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20640 fast food restaurants
fast food restaurants
A guide to London's classic cafes & fish and chip shops
A customer satisfaction survey for a fast food restaurant chain in Satakunta region
The objective is to measure direct and indirect competitors’ operating strategies, in order to evaluate their performance and make comparisons. The results are essential information for Coyoacán restaurant that will open on November 2014 on the street of Hallituskatu number 27. The 5 companies chosen represent the median values of all the competitors under a 93.75% certainty. The chosen “Subjects of Study” are: 1) Burgeribaari Kauppuri 5 (Bar & Grill Kauppuri 5 Oy) Fast-Food/Bar 2) Fit Wok (The Wokers Oy) 3) Indian Cuisine (Katiusa Oy) 4) Kiinalainen Ravintola Flavour Palace (Suo Zi Oy) 5) Tuba Food & Lounge (Oulu Tours Gorup Oy) Fast-Food/Bar Two “Subjects of Study” represent the Fast-Food/Bar business model, which is a trend of business model that many restaurants and bars are adopting, and they seem to be as well the most successful restaurants in Oulu city center area. Information is collected throughout two main sources researched, interviews and observation. First and second hand sources such as interviews, printed and online materials. All data gathered is spread into two main categories: The Marketing Mix 4 p’s and Jim Collin’s framework. With a 93.75% of certainty this research found out that the Business Model of the Fast-Food/Bar is the most efficient. The sales of alcohol, customer service features and logistics result in highly performance numbers. Subjects of study that fit with this business model are close to tripling the Net Sales of year 2013 in comparison to the rest of the companies. There is no evidence that necessarily hamburgers and beer is the key for success. However it is interesting to point-out that there is still not a Fast-Food/Bar in Oulu that wisely uses the same business model and presents a different menu with interesting and new ideas.
Comparative Study of McDonald's and Kentucky Fried Chicken (KFC) development in China
Start and run a fish and chip shop or burger bar
Louisville Diners / Ashlee Clark Thompson
Abstract: Consumer buying behaviour of young Russians in the fast food market in Sr. Petersburg.
The cultural politics of food and eating : a reader
Fast food nation
Finnish market entry planning of franchising Kungfu catering
Last day of summer
Franchising as a Potential Growth Strategy for a Small Business : A Case of Sam-Chi Fast Food Restaurant
The world's best street food : where to find it & how to make it
Restaurant-bar strategic behaviors in Oulu city centre 2014: analysis of competitive advantage, performance patterns and success-achievement results
Using Facebook for marketing : case: Picnic Finland Oy
The McDonaldization of society 6
Start your own food truck business : cart, trailer, kiosk, standard and gourmet trucks, mobile catering, bustaurant
Clay
Fast food, fast talk : service work and the routinization of everyday life
Transfer dispersive ideas into a well-structured business plan by focusing on budget forecasting : business plan for a fast casual noodle restaurant in Asian style
Consumer buying behaviour of young Russians in the fast food market in Sr. Petersburg
Raising the bar : integrity and  passion in life and business : a journey toward sustaining your business, brand, people, community, and the planet
Street foods : report of an FAO Technical Meeting on Street Foods, Calcutta, India, 6-9 November 1995 = Alimentation de rue = Alimentos que se venden en la vía pública
Case study : marketing plan for Rolls Family Oy
Design taste : graphics + interiors for cafés, bars and restaurants
Restaurant-bar strategic behaviors in Oulu city centre 2014 : analysis of competitive advantage, performance patterns and success-achievement results
Top 100 cheap eats
Supersized : Strange Tales from a Fast-food Culture
Shit New York : snapshots of the city that never sleeps - caught napping
Fargo. Year two
A highly unlikely scenario : or, a Neetsa Pizza employee's guide to saving the world
Everything I know about business I learned at McDonald's : The 7 leadership principles that drive break out success
Poultrygeist : night of the chicken dead
This thesis is project-based and built around the idea of developing a business plan of a fast casual noodle restaurant for the Pitoval Oy in Helsinki city centre. The lack of fast casual noodle restaurants in Helsinki creates a great opportunity to launch a new business, which enables wider range of Asian food offered by the company.    This business plan is created for the Pitoval Oy to open a new restaurant business instead of doing it by myself, but I would have chance to be part of it, giving me an initial reason to write this plan. In addition, since the company has some ideas about the business, I do not need to start from scratch, but only need to transfer dispersive ideas into a well-structured and viable business plan.     This business plan clarifies the business concept, service style, food varieties, marketing plan, and financial plan. Meanwhile another objective is to provide a sample guideline for people who do not familiar how to do budgeting when creating a business plan.    The theoretical framework is divided into three major parts, budgeting part, business concept development and process description. The outcome of research and finding lead me to a better understanding of how to create suitable and reliable financial analysis to make the business plan viable. In the product part, the business plan section, it presents the actual business plan for the fast casual restaurant.    In conclusion, the goal of creating a practical business plan is achieved, and the task of providing a step by step financial planning guideline is completed. It has already submitted to the commissioned company, the Pitoval Oy, and is used to start business foundation and seek investment.
Helsinki streets of food
