http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2062 traffic services
traffic services
Esteetön Helsinki : liikkumisesteisen opas = Det tillgängliga Helsingfors : guide för funktionshindrade = Accessible Helsinki : guide for disabled people
Smart sustainable mobility : a user-friendly transport system is a combination of intelligence, low carbon energy, and adaptable services
Information delivery in mobile peer-to-peer networks
Intramuros : integrated urban transport concepts and systems
The moving metropolis : a history of London's transport since 1800
The non-parametric distance function approach in the measurement of productive performance : evaluation of the method and application to the Finnish local telecommunication industry
Network effects in telecommunications : when entrants are welcome
A gender perspective on transport futures
Document delivery in an electronic age : a collection of views and viewpoints
Customer centric approach as a strategic tool in the telecommunication industry : Case Vodafone Ghana
Telecommunications statistics 1996.
Intermodal transport of granite from Southern Vietnam to Northern Europe : case: Sai Gon Cuu Long Logistics and Trading Company
Conférence européenne des administrations des postes et des télécommunications (CEPT) : Working Group Services and Facilities : Sub-Working Group SF2 : Brussels 10-14 April 1989 : report of the meeting
Evaluating Warehouse-outsourcing options for a small IT-retail company : A case study
Survey of public transport and its future prospects in the city of Helsinki and Helsinki metropolitan area
The citizens' network : fulfilling the potential of public passenger transport in Europe : Green paper : document draw[n] up on the basis of COM(95) 601 final
British rail : the nation's railway
Improving heterogeneous wireless networking with cross-layer information services
Internal market : current status 1 July 1994. Vol. 1, A common market for services
COST 335 : passangers' accessibility of heavy rail systems : final report of the action
Transport benchmarking : methodologies, applications & data needs : proceedings of the Paris Conference, November 1999
Special transport services for elderly and disabled people
IAMSAR Manual : International aeronautical and maritime search and rescue manual : volume 2 : mission co-ordination
Aramis or the love of technology
Location-based services handbook : applications, technologies, and security
The national transport telematics architecture, TelemArk : the development plan
Evaluation of the performance of network industries providing services of general interest : 2004 report : working paper
Intelligent road : road user survey report : insights from Finnish Lapland
Active directory for dummies
Third International Road Weather Conference : Tampere, Finland 24th February 1986.
Marketing telecommunications services : new approaches for a changing environment
Wireless and personal communications systems
Essentials of tourism
IAMSAR Manual : International aeronautical and maritime search and rescue manual. Vol. 1. Organization and management
Telecommunications regulation and deregulation in industrialized democracies
The operational environments of the Finnish and Swiss mobile operators
The changing role and importance of the built environment for daily travel in Sweden
Optimal pricing of network services : a contingent valuation survey
Leisure time and public transport : travelling related to outdoor recreation and sport in Helsinki
The complete 21st century travel & hospitality : marketing handbook
Economic analysis of travelling : studies on travel behaviour in Finland
The city and the railway in Europe
Finnra's strategy for traffic management
Transport revolution : international perspectives
Architecture and communications of ballistic weather calculators
Highway meteorology
Calling card services : a way to give telecom operators the possibility to reach new customers through a competitor's network
End-to-end QOS network design
IAMSAR manual : International aeronautical and maritime search and rescue manual. Vol 2, Mission co-ordination
IPv6 Rollout To TeliaSonera’s Finnish IP-Network
Suburbanizing the masses : public transport and urban development in historical perspective
The business of tourism
Consumers' opinions on services of general interest : summary of the report
Adaptive traffic management in heterogeneous communication networks
Transport networks and the spatial economy : a general equilibrium analysis
Destination unknown : marketing research and plan for Turku Air Oy
Integrated distribution management : competing on customer service, time and cost
Consumers in Europe : facts and figures on services of general interest
Improving accessibility in scheduled air traffic
Rural transport solutions in Northern periphery : existing transport services in RTS partner regions : structure, modes, challenges and best practices
Evaluation of the Finnish Aino Programme 2004-2007
Demand-responsive transport : models and algorithms
Aviation weather and weather services
Transport systems are continuously evolving. A modern transport system needs to be sustainable socially, economically and environmentally. In recent decades, technological development, especially in information and communication technology, has affected today's transport systems. Three different cases are explored in this dissertation: intelligent transport systems in general, electromobility systems, and road weather and maintenance systems. Intelligent transport systems encompass a broad range of information and communication technologies that improve the safety, efficiency and performance of the transportation system. In addition to intelligent transport systems, electric vehicle systems have emerged because of increasing environmental concerns as well as oil depletion issues. Furthermore, the road weather and maintenance system is an interesting case especially in latitudes with severe weather. Despite vast amounts of recent research on the aforementioned topics, most previous studies have focused on the technical side, such as developing, prototyping and testing the technologies, whereas only a few studies have focused on the business aspects. Therefore, this dissertation aims to enrich the analysis of the emerging transportation sector under technological change from the business perspective and to provide new insights for future research. The purpose of this study is to explore the emerging transportation sector from several viewpoints by conducting empirical case studies. The cases covered are analysed through the perspectives of markets, business ecosystems and business models. The geographical scope of the research is mainly limited to Finland, especially its intelligent transport systems and road weather maintenance infrastructure. The global perspective is adopted in the case of electric vehicles. The nature of this research is qualitative, and inductive reasoning is applied. The research examines the characteristics of the market, business ecosystem, and business models that emerge transport systems under technological change. Furthermore, based on the findings of the case studies, a holistic framework model is developed to understand the technological system by integrating the viewpoints of markets, business ecosystems and business models
Insider' guide to Williamsburg and Virginia's historic triangle
IAMSAR manual  : International aeronautical and maritime search and rescue manual. Vol. 1, Organization and management
Managing mobile services : technologies and business practices
Test Automation and Continuous Integration
Security of TCP/IP networks and testing Gateway vulnerabilities
Guidelines for the evaluation of ITS projects
IAMSAR Manual : International aeronautical and maritime search and rescue manual : volume 1 : organization and management
Predicting the OTT services capacity based on network traffic analysis
Travelling with children in Finland with different means of transport
Interoperability and accessibility of transport modes
Information and communication technologies in tourism 2014 : proceedings of the International Conference in Dublin, Ireland, January 21-24, 2014
Data communication services in mobile phone systems and UMTS field measurements
Mobile money transfer: A focus on the impact and usage
Communication from the Commission : services of general interest in Europe
Ministry of Transport and Communications' research and development programme for accessibility "Elsa" : final report of the working group
Resource management methods for Qos supported networks
Service packaging : key to successful production of complex ICT business services
The role of telecommunication on banking services in Ghana
Forward without obstacles : proposals made by the Working Group on Accessibility and User-friendliness of Public Transport
eTourism case studies : management and marketing issues
Quality and billing in integrated services IP networks
Designing public transportation for private car users
Development, implementation and evaluation of an architecture for vehicle-to-vehicle and vehicle-to-infrastructure networking
The regulation of termination charges in telephony
Air riders' weather
Communication networks are experiencing a significant growth of data traffic posing new challenges to the overall systems that should become more reactive and adaptive towards dynamically changing traffic, connections and network conditions. This thesis examines adaptive traffic management solutions within heterogeneous communication networks, which can be utilized to improve network performance, provide Quality of Service (QoS) for traffic paths and share resources in a fair way. The developed adaptive methods include solutions for fuzzy flow scheduling (AWFQ, FWQ) and regressive admission control (REAC) to provide stable network performance and efficient resource control. Such techniques for adaptive traffic management continuously balance and control traffic usage and recover from network faults and attacks. The results utilize traffic monitoring for estimating the overall network conditions, applying cognition to learn from previous actions, and adapting to the current traffic conditions for resource optimization. The thesis researches how to distribute these computing mechanisms towards network edges closer to the actual application users for more efficient resource usage, and to provide better performance for delay-sensitive applications. The methods developed have been applied to vehicular communications to assess and improve the messaging between vehicles and vulnerable road users (VRUs). These mechanisms are able to react faster to data traffic changes and guarantee better quality for prioritized traffic and users while at the same time they preserve fairness to other flows compared to traditional control and scheduling methods without adaptive characteristics. The overall system reacts to changes in the network QoS by determining decision-making procedures on possible flow rejection, marking, or allowed bandwidth weight assignment, thus bringing cognition to the network path.
New Commuting Experience
Transport consumers' long-term mobility : a gender perspective on mobility and transport policy
The development of weather services for Finnish sea areas : extracts from the final report (January 1986)
The Finnish Defense Forces (FDF) is developing a ballistic weather service in a manner where the NATO used meteorological general message (METGM) could be used as part of it. In the new system, the ballistic calculator can exploit future weather information which is already in advance transmitted via METGM, instead of present weather information like still used today. The Finnish Meteorological Institution can produce weather information used in the METGM message. The FDF has received software applications that NATO S4 working group is responsible for, one of which is the Meteorological Manager application METM. The METM uses also METGM weather messages. The FDF has taken into use a new architectural description method PVTAK2. The method is based on the NATO NAF and it is an architecture framework. In this thesis work, the architecture descriptions are based on PVTAK2 and they are used in application development. The descriptions are also required when auditing the developed applications in order to get the permission to continue the work. The ballistic weather information has to be always available when needed. It is possible only if the means of transmitting information exist, i.e. how to deliver the needed information to those who need it. In this thesis work, a data transmission solution was created ensure the weather information can be used. In this thesis, enterprise architectures and architectural frameworks were studied and they were taken into use in the implementation of the work.  As a result of this work, architectural descriptions of the ballistic weather calculator were created, alongside a theoretical model on how to implement the data transmission solution. There are two versions of the thesis, this is the public version.
Principles for travel centre design
Understanding telecommunications. 1
Exploring the transport system under technological change : market, business ecosystem and business model viewpoints
General guidelines for information arrangements in travel centres and integrated terminals
Report of the meeting
The national transport telematics architecture, TelemArk : description of the architecture
Introducing quality of service to IP packet forwarding
Red One Plus Ltd: for the satisfaction of customers and nature : towards sustainable development
Focus on Eastern Finland : regional analysis and development proposals of the Committee on Eastern Finland
Rail transport services in Finland and Nigeria
Abstract:
