http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20637 policy programmes
policy programmes
Utility drama : making of and talking about the serial drama in Finland
Music breaks in : essays on music radio and radio music in Finland
Progress report on the implementation of the medium-term social action programme 1995-97
Finland's national action plan for employment 1999 in accordance with the EU's employment guidelines, May 1999.
Transnationalization of television in Western Europe
Public health in the European Community : health promotion programme (1996-2000)
Child and youth policy programme 2012-2015
Broadcasting and new media policies in Western Europe : a comparative study of technological change and public policy
Dialogue of civilisations? : the case of Nepad
National seminars on implementing the European employment strategy : a summary
Employment policies in the EU and the member states : joint report 1998
Development policy programme 2007 : towards a sustainable and just world community
A brief history of European Union research policy
Formulation and implementation of national forest programmes : proceedings of the international seminar held in Freiburg, Germany 18-20 May 1998. Vol. 3, International experiences
Technology policy in the European Union
The EU Forest Action Plan : 2007-2011
EMPLOYMENT/ADAPT : midterm evaluation : midterm evaluation of the EMPLOYMENT and ADAPT community iniatiatives in the programme period 1995-1999
Broadcast/cable programming : strategies and practices
Televised presidential debates and public policy
Forestry : the World Bank's experience
Why do the Finnish and Swedish agrienvironmental programmes differ?
Earth Summit +5 : special session of the General Assembly to review and appraise the implementation of Agenda 21, New York, 23-27 June 1997
The Finnish Government's mid-term policy review process : summary
Employment steps
Evaluation of sustainable development in Finland : summary
Ministers as strategic political leaders? : strategic political steering after NPM reforms in Finland
Finland's trade policy programme : Government resolution 8 September 2005.
Counterfactual approach for assessing agri-environmental policy : theory with an application to Finnish water protection policy
Toward a morality of moderation : report for the Dutch national research programme on global air pollution and climate change
Decentralisation in the agricultural sector in Malawi : policies, processes and community linkages
Cross-sectoral collaboration as a solution : the preventative work against social exclusion in the municipal well-being plans for children and youth
Otherworldly politics : the international relations of Star Trek, Game of thrones, and Battlestar Galactica
Television and political advertising. Vol. 2, Signs, codes, and images
Educational planning through computer simulation
Effects of stabilization and structural adjustment programmes on food security
Government strategy document 2007.
ERC grants : for top researchers from all the world
Writing for the medium : television in transition
Measuring the employment effects of community structural interventions
Executive summary.
Challenges and policy programmes of China's new leadership
The power of schedule : programme management in the transformation of Finnish public service television
Do we listen to earthworms? : tools for evaluating the Finnish Action Plan on the sustainable use of plant protection products
Programme for employment in Finland 1996-1999 : halving unemployment
Newswatch : how TV decides the news
Optimising research programmes and priorities : report of the ERA Expert Group
Canada's green plan in brief : a summary of Canada's green plan for a healthy environment
Finland's development policy programme : government decision-in-principle 16 February 2012.
Contracting companies and consultants : the EU and social policy of accession countries
Employment policies in the EU and in the member states : joint report 2000
Whose ETSIP? : national and local ownership of Namibia's education and training sector improvement programme
Executive Summary (s. 7-10).
British television policy : a reader
Nordic health care systems : recent reforms and current policy challenges
Hidden agendas : the politics of religious broadcasting in Britain, 1987-1991
The Finnish architectural policy
Formulation and implementation of national forest programmes : proceedings of the international seminar held in Freiburg, Germany 18-20 May 1998. Vol. 2, State of the art in Europe
The multiple faces of a sustainability strategy : analysing Finland's programme to promote sustainable consumption and production
Guide to the Community initiatives 1994-99
Employment policies in the EU and in the member states : joint report 2001
The Finnish success in Pisa - and some reasons behind it : Pisa 2000
Interregional and cross-border cooperation in Europe : proceedings of the conference on interregional cooperation - regions in partnership, Brussels, 14 and 15 December 1992
Employment action plan Finland
From programme slots to broadcast flow : towards new concepts in radio programming
Formulation and implementation of national forest programmes : proceedings of the international seminar held in Freiburg, Germany 18-20 May 1998. Vol. 1, Theoretical aspects
European Social Fund : 50 years investing in people
Television and political advertising. Vol. 1, Psychological processes
Finnish national roadmap for the implementation of the Environmental Technologies Action Plan for the European Union
The last crusade : religion and the politics of misdirection
Television : policy and culture
Europe's satellite navigation programmes : GALILEO and EGNOS
Green paper European social policy options for the union
Ministers as strategic political leaders? : strategic political streering after NPM reforms in Finland
The Foreign Political document adopted by the XXXI Party Congress of the Finnish Social Democratic party, 8-11 th June, 1978
European Research Advisory Board : report of activities (2001-2007)
Full-service radio : programming for the community
Social action programme 1998-2000 : employment & social affairs
Education and training for social inclusion : European success stories
Programme management within the Finnish Government
Design 2005! : Government decision-in-principle on finnish desing policy 15.6.2000
Party competition between unequals : strategies and electoral fortunes in Western Europe
Guide to Community initiatives : (taken under the reform of the structural Funds)
Prime-time television : content and control
EU TRADE POLICY STUDY AND EXPORT PLAN FOR AN ALUMINUM COMPANY
A Leader dissemination guide book based on programme experience in Finland, Ireland and the Czech Republic : final report of the transnational Leader dissemination project for the Finnish Rural Policy Committee
Forestry tactics : lessons from Malawi's National Forestry Programme
Employment policies in the EU and in the member states : joint report 1999
Environmental issues facing Tibetan pastoral communities
International research and Europe : a window on the world
Summary (s. 5-10).
Guidelines for monitoring the impact of structural adjustment programmes on the agricultural sector
How were people informed about the release of the national knowledge society strategy 2007-2015
The global positioning system : assessing national policies
The way forward : the European employment strategy : contributions to and outcome of the Dublin European Council, 13 and 14 December 1996
Internationalization of Finnish higher education   is language an issue?
Participating in the European research programmes : guide for applicants under the fifth framework programme for European research and technological development (1999-2002)
