http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20612 permafrost
permafrost
Cold climate landforms
Spatially distributed hydrological modelling : wetness derived from digital elevation models to estimate peatland carbon
"The Permafrost/Active Layer Monitoring Program is an ongoing project that builds on work begun in 2005 to establish long-term permafrost and active layer monitoring sites adjacent to schools in Alaska and in the circumpolar permafrost region (Russia, Norway, China, Mongolia, Japan, Canada and Greenland). Over three hundred schools (red dots in globe) are involved in the project. The monitoring sites collect temperature measurement data on permafrost and the length and depth of the active layer. This information is important because changes in permafrost conditions affect local ecosystems and hydrological regimes, and can influence the severity on natural disasters"--page 4 of cover.
Hydrochemical stability of groundwaters surrounding a spent nuclear fuel repository in a 100,000 year perspective
Permafrost : occurence and physicochemical processes
Land-atmosphere interactions of a subarctic palsa mire
Plant biomarkers as a proxy to study highly decomposed fen peat
Remote sensing of the cryosphere
Permafrost and snow depth investigations in Finnish Lapland
Decovalex III, 1999-2003 : an international project for the modelling of coupled  thermo-hydro-mechanical processes for spent fuel disposal : Finnish national contributions
Holocene permafrost dynamics in palsa and peat plateau mires of continental Europe : a study based on plant macrofossil analysis, radiocarbon dating and reviews of literature
Permafrost at Lupin : Report of phase II
Klimat, merzlota i landšafty Sredneenisejskogo regiona : K 8-j Meždunar. konf. po več. merzlote = Climate, permafrost and landscapes of the middle yenisei region : to the 8th International Conference of Permafrost
Permafrost : proceedings of the 8th International Conference on Permafrost, Zurich, Switzerland, 21-25 July 2003.. Vol. 1
The periglacial environment
Cold region hazards and risks
Laboratory studies on the effect of freezing and thawing exposure on bentonite buffer performance : closed-system tests
High-Arctic ecosystem dynamics in a changing climate : ten years of monitoring and research at Zackenberg Research Station, Northeast Greenland
Permafrost at Lupin : Report of phase I
Future climate scenarios for Olkiluoto with emphasis on permafrost
Carbon dioxide, methane and nitrous oxide balance of subarctic tundra from plot to regional scales
Fine roots constitute a large part of the primary production in northern (arctic and boreal) ecosystems, and are key players in ecosystem fluxes of water, nutrients and carbon. Data on root dynamics are generally rare, especially so in northern ecosystems. However, those ecosystems undergo the most rapid climatic changes on the planet and a profound understanding of form, function and dynamics of roots in such ecosystems is essential. This thesis aimed to advance our knowledge about fine root dynamics in northern ecosystems, with a focus on fine root phenology in natural plant communities and how climate change might alter it. Factors considered included thickness and duration of snow cover, thawing of permafrost, as well as natural gradients in temperature. Experiments and observational studies were located around Abisko (68°21' N, 18°45' E), and in a boreal forest close to Vindeln (64°14'N, 19°46'E), northern Sweden. Root responses included root growth, total root length, and root litter input, always involving seasonal changes therein, measured with minirhizotrons. Root biomass was also determined with destructive soil sampling. Additionally, aboveground response parameters, such as phenology and growth, and environmental parameters, such as air and soil temperatures, were assessed. This thesis reveals that aboveground patterns or responses cannot be directly translated belowground and urges a decoupling of above- and belowground phenology in terrestrial biosphere models. Specifically, root growth occurred outside of the photosynthetically active period of tundra plants. Moreover, patterns observed in arctic and boreal ecosystems diverged from those of temperate systems, and models including root parameters may thus need specific parameterization for northern ecosystems. In addition, this thesis showed that plant communities differ in root properties, and that changes in plant community compositions can thus induce changes in root dynamics and functioning. This underlines the importance of a thorough understanding of root dynamics in different plant community types in order to understand and predict how changes in plant communities in response to climate change will translate into root dynamics. Overall, this thesis describes root dynamics in response to a variety of factors, because a deeper knowledge about root dynamics will enable a better understanding of ecosystem processes, as well as improve model prediction of how northern ecosystems will respond to climate change.
Permafrost response on economic development, environmental security and natural resources
Shrubs in the cold : interactions between vegetation, permafrost and climate in Siberian tundra
Landslides in cold regions in the context of climate change
Modern north : architecture on the frozen edge
Changing lowland permafrost in northern Sweden : multiple drivers of past and future trends
The cryosphere and global environmental change
Recent ice-wedge polygons in eastern Enontekiö, northernmost Finland
Geomorphometrical and geomorphological studies of selected polythermal glaciers in a permafrost environment on Spitsbergen, Svalbard
Towards a changed view on greenhouse gas exchange in the Arctic : new findings and improved techniques
Global outlook for ice & snow
Permafrost : Seventh International Conference, June 23-27, 1998 : proceedings : Yellowknife, Canada
Climate change impacts on sub-arctic palsa mires and greenhouse gas feedbacks : proceedings of the PALSALARM symposium, Abisko, Sweden 28-30 October 2008
Permafrost, periglacial features and glaciers in Svalbard : ICOP 2003 field excursion guide
Symptom of environmental change in Siberian permafrost region : proceedings of the International Symposium of JSPS Core to Core Program between Hokkaido University and Martin Luther University Halle Wittenberg in 29-30 November 2005, Sapporo, Japan
"This is the first textbook to address all the components of the Earth's cryosphere - all forms of snow and ice, both terrestrial and marine. It provides a concise but comprehensive summary of snow cover, glaciers, ice sheets, lake and river ice, permafrost, sea ice and icebergs - their past history and projected future state. It is designed for courses at upper undergraduate and graduate level in environmental science, geography, geology, glaciology, hydrology, water resource engineering and ocean sciences. It also provides a superb up-to-date summary for researchers of the cryosphere. The book includes an extensive bibliography, numerous figures and color plates, thematic boxes on selected topics and a glossary. The book builds on courses taught by the authors for many decades at the University of Colorado and the University of Alberta. Whilst there are many existing texts on individual components of the cryosphere, no other textbook covers the whole cryosphere"--
The hidden life of plants : fine root dynamics in northern ecosystems
Islands of the Arctic
Spatial and temporal patterns of greenness on the Yamal Peninsula, Russia : interactions of ecological and social factors affecting the Arctic normalized difference vegetation index
A review of published literature on the effects of permafrost on the hydrogeochemistry of bedrock
Permafrost : International Conference on Permafrost : extended abstracts reporting current research and new information, Zurich, Switzerland, 20-25 July 2003
The spatial structure of the timberline landscape and its relation to climate and permafrost in the Usa basin, nw Russia
Climate change, permafrost, and impacts on civil infrastructure : U.S. Arctic Research Commission, Permafrost Task Force report
Permafrost in our time : community-based permafrost temperature archive
A naturalist's guide to the Arctic
Soil and permafrost surveys in the arctic
Water and energy regime of palsa bogs in West Siberia
Arctic climate impact assessment : [ACIA]
The global cryosphere : past, present, and future
The Copenhagen diagnosis : updating the world on the latest climate science
Climate change and the future distribution of palsa mires : ensemble modelling, probabilities and uncertainties
A terrestrial transect for Scandinavia/Northern Europe : proceedings of the international Scantran conference
Permafrost ecosystems : Siberian Larch forests
Carbon capture : sequestration and storage
Development of palsa mires on the northern European continent in relation to Holocene climatic and environmental changes
Permafrost : proceedings of the sixth international conference, held in Beijing, China, July 5-9, 1993. Vol. 1-2
Cold-climate landforms on Mars and Earth-analogues in Svalbard
