http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20600 Ukrainian language
Ukrainian language
This volume gathers together translations of the best works from all six of the extraordinary extant collections by Lemko-Ukrainian poet Bohdan Ihor Antonych: A Greeting to Life (1931), The Grand Harmony (1932-33), Three Rings (1934), The Book of the Lion (1936), The Green Gospel (1938), and Rotations (1938), as well as poetry published separately. It includes a translator's note and a biographical sketch on the poet by Michael M. Naydan and a comprehensive introduction by Dr. Lidia Stefanowska, one of the world's leading experts on Antonych's poetry. While Antonych is not a household name in the discourse on Modernism that includes such great Slavic poets as Mandelstam, Pasternak, and Milosz, as well as their Western European counterparts Eliot, Rilke, and Lorca, in the opinion of many literary critics, he unquestionably should be. Critics have also compared him to Walt Whitman and Dylan Thomas. Only a small amount of Antonych's works has been available in English to date. In 1977 emigre Ukrainian poet Bohdan Boychuk with the American poets Mark Rudman and Paul Nemser translated and published a small, but well-received, book of Antonych's selected poems, A Square of Angels. The current edition of ninety-six poems complements that earlier volume with nearly two-thirds of the translations appearing in English for the first time and honors Antonych on the hundred-year anniversary of his birth.
Ukraïns'ko-anglìjs'kij slovnik : [200 000 slìv] = Ukrainian-English dictionary
Atlas : kizilńiki Cotoneaster (Medic.) Bauhin = Atlas : cotoneasters Cotoneaster (Medic.) Bauhin = Atlas : kizilńiki Cotoneaster (Medic.) Bauhin
Ukrainian literature through the ages
Selected works : poetry and prose
Slavica et Islamica : Ukrainian in context
A lexical atlas of the Hutsul dialects of the Ukrainian language
The language of Slovakia's Rusyns
Eastern European : 12-language phrasebook
Ukrainian : the complete course 1A
Pomianyk of Horodyshche. Part 1, A. D. 1484
Structural integration of young russian-speakers in post-soviet contexts : educational attainment and transition to the labour market
The complete Kobzar : the poetry of Taras Shevchenko
The essential poetry of Bohdan Ihor Antonych : ecstasies and elegies
Culture and customs of Ukraine
Ukrainian : the complete course 1B
Vivčajte ukraïns'ku movu = Learn Ukrainian : an elementary practical course in conversational Ukrainian
Support, resistance and pragmatism : an examination of motivation in language policy in Kharkiv, Ukraine
Poeetiline punane raamat Ukraina = Poetics of endangered species Ukraine
Hippocrene language and travel guide to Ukraine
A kingdom of fallen statues : poems and essays
Comprehensive Ukrainian-English dictionary : over 160 000 words and phrases = Velikij ukraïns'ko-anglìjs'kij slovnik : ponad 160 000 slìv ta slovospolučen'
Ukrainian : a complete course for beginners
"Half a breath : a brief anthology of young Ukrainian writers" = "Lišaet'sa pìvpodihu : korotkih al'manah molodih ukraïns'kih pis'mennikiv"
Depeche Mode
Ukrainian : the complete course. 1A
Two-tiered relexification in Yiddish : Jews, Sorbs, Khazars, and the Kiev-Polessian dialect
The Slavonic languages
Colloquial Ukrainian : a complete language course
The Ukrainan alphabet as a political question in the Russian Empire before 1876.
Dictionary of banking and finance Ukrainian, English, Russian, Finnish
Language policy and discourse on languages in Ukraine under president Viktor Yanukovych
From three worlds : new Ukrainian writing
English-Ukrainian, Ukrainian-English dictionary
General and applied Romani linguistics : proceedings from the 6th International Conference on Romani Linguistics
Language policy and language situation in Ukraine : analysis and recommendations
The language of Meletij Smotryc'kyj : a linguistic analysis
Slovnik : Anglijsko-ukrainski, ukrainski-anglijski = Dictionary : English-Ukrainian, Ukrainian-English / ... red. V. T. Busela
Modern Slavic literatures : a library and literary criticism. 2, Bulgarian, Czechoslovak, Polish, Ukrainian and Yugoslav literatures
Ukrainian : the complete course. 1, Beginners / part B.
Guide to the Slavonic languages
Fieldwork in Ukrainian sex
Hope : selected poetry
Belarusian Trasjanka and Ukrainian Suržyk : structural and social aspects of their description and categorization
An etymological dictionary of the Ukrainian language = Etimologìčnij slovnik ukraïs'koï movi
Velikij ukraïns'ko-anglìjs'kij slovnik : u novìj redakcìï : 210 000 slìv, slovospolučen', ìdìomatičnih virazìv, prislìv ̓ïv ta prikazok = Complete Ukrainian-English dictionary : new edition : 210 000 words, word combinations, idioms, proverbs and sayings
Velikij anglo-ukraïns'kij slovnik : u novìj redakcìï : 200 000 slìv, slovospolučen', ìdìomatičnih virazìv, prislìv ̓ïv ta prikazok = Complete English-Ukrainian dictionary : new edition : 200 000 words, word combinations, idioms, proverbs and sayings
Novij anglo-ukraïns'kij ukraïns'ko-anglìjskij slovnik : 42000 slìv = New English-Ukrainian Ukrainian-English dictionary
Eastern European phrasebook : Bulgarian, Croatian, Czech, Estonian, Hungarian, Latvian, Lithuanian, Polish, Romanian, Russian, Slovenian, Ukrainian
Sermons and rhetoric of Kievan Rus'
Short stories
New contributions to the history of the Ukrainian language
The Ukrainian language in the first half of the twentieth century (1900-1941) : its state and status
On the nature of Suržyk : a double perspective
The Ukrainian West : culture and the fate of empire in Soviet Lviv
Ukrainian : a comprehensive grammar
Ukrainian-English, English-Ukrainian dictionary
Complete Ukrainian
Ukrainian through its living culture : advanced level language textbook
The windows of time frozen and other stories
Colloquial Ukrainian : the complete course for beginners
Multivariate rule analysis of case assignment in bilingual discourse
The Grand Harmony
Ukrainian nationalism in the Post-Stalin era : myth symbols and ideology in Soviet nationalities policy
Contested tongues : language politics and cultural correction in Ukraine
Breaking the tongue : language, education, and power in Soviet Ukraine, 1923-1934
