http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20654 enterprise architecture
enterprise architecture
Finland's first parliament building and its architect
Documenting and Managing Service Oriented Software Architectures
Frank Lloyd Wright's Taliesin West
Comparison of governance models for e-government initiatives
Enterprise architecture : creating value by informed governance
Enterprise architecture in practice : from IT concept towards enterprise architecture leadership
Arek Ltd. provides IT services to pension insurance sector of Finland. The earnings logic of Arek is based on SaaS business model. The technological environment in Arek is heterogeneous and technology landscape consists from both modern J2EE and legacy mainframe systems. Oldest of the systems were built in 1980's and the newest ones are built couple of years ago. During the years, the architecture of these systems was documented in great variety, with different notations and abstraction levels.    In 2010 Arek approved a project to improve architecture documentation practices and maintenance processes. This document is a thesis report formed from that project.    The research strategy used in this study was based on action research and this report was formed by using a narrative change accounting method. The theoretic background of this study consisted from theories of business process management, architecture governance, software as a service business model, service oriented architecture, enterprise architecture and software architecture. Different stakeholder groups took part in project by attending workshops and interviews. A total of 25 semi structured interviews were made during this thesis.    As a result this project created a new praxis to document and maintain systems architecture in Arek. At 2011, Arek decided to start a project to rollout the new practices throughout the enterprise.
Enterprise architecture adoption method for higher education institutions
Life on a Leaf
Code service in social and health care : process description of the THL Code Service
From problems to critical success factors of enterprise architecture adoption
Frank Lloyd Wright's Fallingwater
Life on a leaf : my house as a total artwork
Documenting and managing service oriented software architectures
Towards the design of an agile enterprise architecture management method
Hvitträsk : koti taideteoksena = the home as a work of art
The total work of art : from Bayreuth to cyberspace
Cloud product capability assessment method
An introduction to enterprise architecture
Applying Genre-Based Ontologies to Enterprise Architecture
TOGAF® version 9.1 : a pocket guide
Nomination of Paimio hospital for inclusion in the World Heritage List
Design things
Modeling enterprise architectures
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
Frank Lloyd Wright's home and studio
