http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20674 brokers
brokers
The wolf of Wall Street
NASD stockbroker exam series 7 : preparation guide
Catching the wolf of Wall Street : More incredible true stories of fortunes, schemes, parties and prison
Combining business and pleasure? : cotton brokers in the Liverpool business community in the late nineteenth century
House of Cards: How Wall Street's Gamblers Broke Capitalism
Young money : inside the hidden world of Wall Street's post-crash recruits
Flash boys : a Wall Street revolt
In this book the author argues that post-crisis Wall Street continues to be controlled by large banks and explains how a small, diverse group of Wall Street men have banded together to reform the financial markets. A report on a high-tech predator stalking the equity markets, this book is about a small group of Wall Street guys who figure out that the U.S. stock market has been rigged for the benefit of insiders and that, post-financial crisis, the markets have become not more free but less, and more controlled by the big Wall Street banks. Working at different firms, they come to this realization separately; but after they discover one another, they band together and set out to reform the financial markets. This they do by creating an exchange in which high-frequency trading, source of the most intractable problems, will have no advantage whatsoever. The characters are each completely different from what you think of when you think "Wall Street guy." Several have walked away from jobs in the financial sector that paid them millions of dollars a year. From their new vantage point they investigate the big banks, the world's stock exchanges, and high-frequency trading firms as they have never been investigated, and expose the many strange new ways that Wall Street generates profits. The author shines a light into the darkest corners of the financial world, where anyone in contact with the market, even a retirement account, is part of the story. But in the end, this is the story of people who have somehow preserved a moral sense in an environment where you don't get paid for that; they have perceived an institutionalized injustice and are willing to go to war to fix it.
This bleeding city
The wolf of Wall street
The story of my teeth
Catching the wolf of Wall Street : more incredible true stories of fortunes, schemes, parties and prison
Shipping and shipbroking : a guide to all branches of shipbroking and ship management
The Good guy
Liquidated : an ethnography of Wall Street
Injunctions against intermediaries in copyright infringement cases from an EU law perspective
Ship sale and purchase
Investment euphoria and money madness : the inner workings of the psychology of investing, for financial advisors and the clients
HongKong Tientsin Fashion Ltd as an intermediary company between fur auctions and consumers
Flash boys : cracking the money code
The buy side
