http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20691 self-actualization
self-actualization
With my lazy eye
The homecoming
Self power : spiritual solutions to life's greatest challenges
What if this is heaven? : how our cultural myths prevent us from experiencing heaven on earth
Searching for Grace Kelly
Pretty : a novel
The passion test: the effortless path to discovering your life purpose
The life coach workbook
Believe, ask, act : divine steps to raise your intuition, create change, and discover happiness
The magic
The monk who sold his Ferrari : a fable about fulfilling our dreams and reaching your destiny
The yellow world : trust your dreams and they'll come true
The inside-out revolution: the only thing you need to know to change your life forever
Escape everything!
How The Secret changed my life : real people, real stories
The Will to Power contains some of Nietzsche's most fascinating and combative writings on nihilism, metaphysics and the future of Europe. Assembled by Nietzsche's sister after his death, The Will to Power is a collection of the philosopher's reflections and theories taken from his unpublished notebooks. Covering topics such as nihilism, Christianity, morality and the famous 'will to power', the book was controversially presented as Nietzsche's all-but-completed magnum opus containing his philosophical system. Including some of his most interesting metaphysical and epistemological thoughts, as well as some of his most disturbing ethical and political comments, the book would prove to have a significant influence on Nietzsche's contentious reception in the twentieth century.
All the living
When we deny our stories, they define us. When we own our stories, we get to write the ending. Social scientist Brene Brown has ignited a global conversation on courage, vulnerability, shame, and worthiness. Her pioneering work uncovered a profound truth: Vulnerability-the willingness to show up and be seen with no guarantee of outcome-is the only path to more love, belonging, creativity, and joy. But living a brave life is not always easy: We are, inevitably, going to stumble and fall. It is the rise from falling that Brown takes as her subject in Rising Strong. As a grounded theory researcher, Brown has listened as a range of people-from leaders in Fortune 500 companies and the military to artists, couples in long-term relationships, teachers, and parents-shared their stories of being brave, falling, and getting back up. She asked herself, What do these people with strong and loving relationships, leaders nurturing creativity, artists pushing innovation, and clergy walking with people through faith and mystery have in common' The answer was clear: They recognize the power of emotion and they're not afraid to lean in to discomfort. Walking into our stories of hurt can feel dangerous. But the process of regaining our footing in the midst of struggle is where our courage is tested and our values are forged. Our stories of struggle can be big ones, like the loss of a job or the end of a relationship, or smaller ones, like a conflict with a friend or colleague. Regardless of magnitude or circumstance, the rising strong process is the same: We reckon with our emotions and get curious about what we're feeling; we rumble with our stories until we get to a place of truth; and we live this process, every day, until it becomes a practice and creates nothing short of a revolution in our lives. Rising strong after a fall is how we cultivate wholeheartedness. It's the process, Brown writes, that teaches us the most about who we are.
The universe has your back : transform fear to faith
This heartwarming women's fiction series from beloved New York Times bestselling author Mary Alice Monroe centers on Marietta Colson Muir, a dowager of Charleston society who has retired to her historic summer home on Sullivan's Island called Conquest, and her three granddaughters Carson, Eudora, and Harper. It's summer once again on idyllic Sullivan's Island, but Eudora, or Dora as she's affectionately called by her family, is feeling anything but perfect. With a perpetually withdrawn son and an impending divorce, the pressure is just too much to handle, and Dora cracks, suffering what the doctors are calling 'Broken Heart' syndrome. Mamaw, Lucille, Harper, and Carson all rally around Dora to support her and nurse her back to health--however, it seems Dora isn't the only one falling apart this summer. Between Lucille's health scare and an unexpected surprise that has Carson reconsidering her life's direction, it looks like all the women of Sullivan's Island could use some TLC. When Sullivan's is hit with a tropical storm, it will be up to the three sisters to band together and weather the tempest together--both the one outside their windows, and the raging sea of emotions within each one of them.
The good life : 30 steps to perfecting the art of living
Chicago, 1999.  Madeleine is trapped - by her family's expectations, by her controlling husband, and by her own fears - in an unhappy marriage and a life she never wanted. From the outside, it looks like she has everything, but on the inside, she fears she has nothing that matters.  In Madeleine's memories, her grandmother Margie is the kind of woman she should have been - elegant, reserved, perfect. But when Madeleine finds a diary detailing Margie's bold, romantic trip to Jazz Age Paris, she meets the grandmother she never knew: a dreamer who defied her strict, staid family and spent an exhilarating summer writing in cafes, living on her own, and falling for a charismatic artist.  Despite her unhappiness, when Madeleine's marriage is threatened, she panics, escaping to her hometown and staying with her critical, disapproving mother. In that unlikely place, shaken by the revelation of a long-hidden family secret and inspired by her grandmother's bravery, Madeleine creates her own Parisian summer - reconnecting to her love of painting, cultivating a vibrant circle of creative friends, and finding a kindred spirit in a down-to-earth chef who reminds her to feed both her body and her heart.  Margie and Madeleine's stories intertwine to explore the joys and risks of living life on our own terms, of defying the rules that hold us back from our dreams, and of becoming the people we are meant to be.
The more of less : finding the life you want under everything you own
Feel happy now : small changes that make a huge difference
The urban monk : Eastern wisdom and modern hacks to stop time and find success, happiness, and peace
Be your own life coach : how to take control of your life and achieve your wildest dreams
The summer's end
Love in mid air
In her latest book, The Universe Has Your Back,New York Times best-selling author Gabrielle Bernstein teaches readers how to transform their fear into faith in order to live a divinely guided life. Each story and lesson in the book guides readers to release the blocks to what they most long for: happiness, security and clear direction. The lessons help readers relinquish the need to control so they can relax into a sense of certainty and freedom. Readers will learn to stop chasing life and truly live.  Making the shift from fear to faith will give readers a sense of power in a world that all too often makes them feel utterly powerless. When the tragedies of the world seem overwhelming, this book will help guide them back to their true power.  Gabrielle says, "My commitment with this book is to wake up as many people as possible to their connection to faith and joy. In that connection, we can be guided to our true purpose: to be love and spread love. These words can no longer be cute buzz phrases that we merely post on social media. Rather, these words must be our mission. The happiness, safety, and security we long for lies in our commitment to love."   When readers follow this path, they'll begin to feel a swell of energy move through them. They will find strength when they are down, synchronicity and support when they're lost, safety in the face of uncertainty, and joy when they are otherwise in pain. Follow the secrets revealed in this book to unleash the presence of your power and know always that The Universe Has Your Back.
The strong sensitive boy : help your son become a happy, confident man
In her latest book New York Times bestselling author Gabrielle Bernstein teaches readers how to transform their fear into faith in order to live a divinely guided life. Each story and lesson in the book guides readers to release the blocks to what they most long for: happiness, security and clear direction. The lessons help readers relinquish the need to control so they can relax into a sense of certainty and freedom. Readers will learn to stop chasing life and truly live. Making the shift from fear to faith will give readers a sense of power in a world that all too often makes them feel utterly powerless. When the tragedies of the world seem overwhelming, this book will help guide them back to their true power. When readers practice the tools in this book, they'll begin to find strength when they are down, synchronicity and support when they're lost, safety in the face of uncertainty, and joy when they are otherwise in pain.
The Inner Fix offers a unique and practical step-by-step process to help you dramatically improve your relationships, confront your financial blocks and become the best version of yourself - both inside and out. This is the definitive guide on how to stay sane and spiritually fit whilst navigating your twenties and beyond.
Snapped
How to be a productivity ninja : worry less, achieve more, love what you do
New rules : searching for self-fulfillment in a world turned upside down
Ms. Hempel chronicles
The just city
The to-do list
Miracles now : 108 life-changing tools for less stress, more flow, and finding your true purpose
What if this is heaven? : how I released my limiting beliefs and really started living
Living the 80/20 way : work less, worry less, succeed more, enjoy more
Men, money and chocolate : what more could there be to life?
The island escape
Success secrets : real-life stories to inspire and motivate
F**k it is the answer
The art of work : a proven path to discovering what you were meant to do
Tools of titans : the tactics, routines, and habits of billionaires, icons, and world-class performers
The glass half-full : how optimists get what they want from life and pessimists can too
The universe has your back : how to feel safe and trust your life no matter what
Tools of titans : the tactics, routines and habits of billionaires, icons, and world-class performers
Rip it up : the radically new approach to changing your life
Sherry Cracker gets normal
Rising strong
John Dewey and self-realization
How to handle low self-esteem
Searching for Tina Turner
59 seconds : think a little, change a lot
The summer wind
The 3 things that will change your destiny today!
The little book of thinking big : aim higher and go further than you ever thought possible
Merrow
The will to power : selections from the notebooks of the 1880s
The big picture : 11 laws that will change your life
Love water memory
The 4-hour work week
Following her near-death experience as shared in the New York Times bestseller Dying to Be Me, Anita Moorjani knows well the truths that exist beyond common knowledge and acceptance. The clarity she has gained has led her to further understand who she was born to be.  Part of that truth has involved contemplating the cultural myths infused into our everyday lives. Passed down from generation to generation, these myths are pervasive and influential. From the belief we reap what we sow to the idea we must always be positive, cultural myths are often accepted as truths without questioning. Moorjani asserts it is now time for questioning in order to help us reach our fully informed, authentic selves.  Moorjani explores these common myths in their real-world existence while presenting examples from her own life that reveal the falsehoods beneath the surface. By freeing ourselves from these ubiquitous expectations, we can break open an honest pathway to life as it was meant to be lived.
The passion test : the effortless path to discovering your destiny
Normal gets you nowhere
Practical mindfulness
Simpleology : the simple science of getting what you want
Real artists have day jobs : (and other awesome things they don't teach you in school)
The lower river
The artist's way : a spiritual path to higher creativity
Enduring whispers about her absent mother's alleged merrow origins after her father drowns, twelve-year-old Neen questions her identity as she becomes increasingly torn between the worlds of the sea and her island home / WorldCat.
Already home
"Following her near-death experience as shared in the New York Times bestseller Dying to Be Me, Anita Moorjani knows well the truths that exist beyond common knowledge and acceptance. The clarity she has gained has led her to further understand who she was born to be.  Part of that truth has involved contemplating the cultural myths infused into our everyday lives. Passed down from generation to generation, these myths are pervasive and influential. From the belief we reap what we sow to the idea we must always be positive, cultural myths are often accepted as truths without questioning. Moorjani asserts it is now time for questioning in order to help us reach our fully informed, authentic selves.  Moorjani explores these common myths in their real-world existence while presenting examples from her own life that reveal the falsehoods beneath the surface. By freeing ourselves from these ubiquitous expectations, we can break open an honest pathway to life as it was meant to be lived"--
The courage to be creative : how to believe in yourself, your dreams and ideas and your creative career path
Choose yourself : be happy, make millions, live the dream
The inside-out revolution : the only thing you need to know to change your life forever
Designing your life : how to build a well-lived, joyful life
How to be a bad bitch
The starboard sea
Group music therapy with healthy adult women : an approach for well-being
Life purpose boot camp : the 8-week breakthrough plan for creating a meaningful life
You are a badass : how to stop doubting your greatness and start living an awesome life
The sweetness of life
The inner fix : be stronger, happier and braver
The awakening of Miss Prim
Treasure yourself : power thoughts for my generation
Can a simple test change a person's life? Through their New York Times bestseller The Passion Test, Janet Bray Attwood and Chris Attwood have inspired thousands to shape their lives by discovering their passions and living according to what matters most to them. Readers can identify their top five passions by taking the Test, and then learn exactly how to align their lives with their priorities by following the Attwoods' easy-to-follow step-by-step program of action. Combining powerful storytelling and profound wisdom from models of passionate living such as Jack Canfield, Richard Paul Evans, and Stephen M.R. Covey, as well as drawing on their own personal experiences, the Attwoods show how living a full and impassioned life is not only possible, it's inevitable— for anyone willing to take the Test.
A Monster Calls
Give up to get on : how to master the art of quitting in love, work and life
The space [within] : finding your way back home
The happiness of pursuit : finding the quest that will bring purpose to your life
The antidote : happiness for people who can't stand positive thinking
The light of Paris
A monster calls
My so-called freelance life : how to survive and thrive as a creative professional for hire
Life on Earth : understanding who we are, how we got here and what may lie ahead
F**ck it : do what you love
Somebody should have told us! : simple truths for living well : the mind-spirit connection
