http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20628 consistency
consistency conformity
The process of territorial cohesion in Europe
Christ's body in Corinth : the politics of a metaphor
Social cohesion and counter-terrorism : a policy contradiction?
International mediation in theory and practice
Europeanization of spatial planning : exploring the spatialities of European integration
Abstract.
Modernisation unchallenged : the Czech discourse on European unity
Globalizing resistance against war? : a critical analysis of the theoretical debate through a case study of the "new" anti-war movement in Britain
The Organization of African Unity : an analysis of its role
Identity and multinational corporations : building unity within diversity
Global Issues, Western Foci: Banal Occidentalism in a Finnish Newspaper
Consistent and powerful swing : training guidelines for advanced golfers
Imagining Europe : myth, memory, and identity
Globalizing resistance against war : theories of resistance and the new anti-war movement
The unity of Plutarch's work : "Moralia" themes in the "Lives", features of the "Lives" in the "Moralia"
Mind and nature : a necessary unity
Conclusion (s. 190-191).
The African union : pan-africanism, peacebuilding and development
The Organization of African Unity after thirty years
European myths : resolving the crises in the European Community/European Union
Youth, multiculturalism and community cohesion
Since the 2001 'race riots' in the north of England, and the 7/7 London bombings, Britain has appeared to reject multiculturalism. It has instead prioritized a new policy of 'Community Cohesion' that calls for a focus on common needs and shared British identity, rather than on ethnic and religious differences. This has proved a controversial agenda, apparently downplaying the reality of racism and ethnic diversity, and leading to one critic calling it 'the death of multiculturalism'. Little evidence has emerged so far on what Community Cohesion actually represents, but this book addresses that deficit by drawing on empirical research around work with young people to analyse the meaning and practice of British Community Cohesion policies, youth identities in racially-tense areas, and government's attempts to 'prevent violent extremism' amongst young Muslims. It concludes that Community Cohesion is a new phase of multiculturalism, not its death.
In Imagining Europe, Chiara Bottici and Benoît Challand explore the formation of modern European identity. Europe has not always been there, although we have been imagining it for quite some time. Even after the birth of a polity called the European Union, the meaning of Europe remained a very much contested topic. What is Europe? What are its boundaries? Is there a specific European identity or is the EU just the name for a group of institutions? This book answers these questions, showing that in Europe's formation, myth and memory, although distinct, are often merged in a common attempt to construct an identity for its present and its future. In a time when Europe is facing an existential crisis, when its meaning is being questioned, Imagining Europe explores a vital and often unacknowledged aspect of the European project.
Literature review of ecosystem service virtual laboratories
Africa and the development of international law
Improving integration in Seinäjoki through sports and intercultural activities
Bessarabia from the internatiional legal viewpoint
Tradition in Chinese politics : the Party-state’s reinvention of the past and the critical response from public intellectuals
The African Union : challenges of globalization, security, and governance
The African regional human rights system
