http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2068 religious education
religious education
Dialogic space and religious education
Problemy religioznogo obrazovaniâ v Rossii : tradiciâ i novyj opyt = Problems of religious education in Russia : traditions and innovations = Probleme christlicher erziehung in Russland : tradition und erneuerung
Young people's attitudes to religious diversity
The religious potential of the child 6 to 12 years old : a description of an experience
Teachers in Christian education : report of a survey on the LWF member churches
Handbook of family religious education
This book will attempt, through an in-depth investigation of eight private schools, representing a wide variety of traditions (including non-sectarian as well as sectarian schools), to show how schools are telling reflections of the changing religious landscape of our country. It will also seek to demonstrate that these schools are important guideposts in the process of understanding that landscape, and how institutions with a clear commitment can embrace a pluralistic constituency. The degree to which they are able to balance both tradition and contemporary reality can teach us a great deal about not only how to be more fluent in our religious literacy, but how to be better citizens in an increasingly complex world.
Implementing religious education five to sixteen
Adult senior secondary school students' concepts concerning religious education
Intergenerational transfer of sabbath observance : how is religious tradition transferred to children among Finnish seventh-day adventists?
Methods of teaching in religious education: learning by heart or by experience? : proceedings of the conference held in Sofia, Bulgaria, June 17-21, 2014
Handbook of young adult religious education
Religious education in a pluralist society : the key philosophical issues
Education in conflict
The world is facing inhumane and barbaric acts of terrorism which is destroying the peace and has become a major threat to world peace. The Islamic curriculum on peace and counter-terrorism provides resources from the Holy Qur'an, Hadith and authoritative books to provide a comprehensive ideological and theological counter narratives.
Religious education in a world of religious diversity
Peace, integration & human rights
Religious education in a global-local world
The problem of language in religious education
Theologies of religious education
Young people have to make their own way in the world; they have to give meaning to and find meaning in their lives. This is the field of religious education, which is provided by parents, religious leaders, or teachers of religion and worldviews. One of the most important challenges is to educate children in their own religion, emphasizing that religion's tolerant and peaceful side and to teach children about the beliefs of other traditions. An even more important challenge is to teach them to live together in peace and justice. This volume deals with religious education in Christianity and Islam in specific countries. Scholars in religious education need to know more about the ways in which Muslims and Christians perceive and practice their respective forms of religious education.
Teenage religion : an enquiry into attitudes and possibilities among British boys and girls in secondary modern schools
Interreligious and values education in Europe : map and handbook
Religious education : a conceptual and interdisciplinary approach for secondary level
Religion in the multi-faith school
Learning in the Way : research and reflection on adult Christian education
Handing on the faith in an age of disbelief : lectures given at the Church of Notre-Dame de Fourvière in Lyons, France, and at Notre-Dame Cathedral in Paris
The educational system in Islam and Christianity : proceedings of the Muslim-Christian Consultation
Effects of Culture on Sexual Health Education in Developing Countries : Empowering Adolescents in Nepal
Religion in the public schools : negotiating the new commons
Ten commandments in a child's everyday life: a tool for an educator to support a child's moral development
Multicultural religious education
Priorities in religious education : a model for the 1990s and beyond
Young children and worship
Urban church education
Religion and teaching
Buddhism in Thailand
Challenges for religious education in the postmodern society - a Finnish approach
Religious education and research in Finland 1996-1999
Peace or violence : the ends of religion and education?
Saint Joseph Baltimore catechism : the truths of our Catholic faith clearly explained and illustrated, with Bible readings, study helps, and Mass prayers
God in the classroom : religion and America's public schools
In good faith : schools, religion, and public funding
Seeking sense in the city : European perspectives on religious education
Spiritual, moral, social and cultural education : exploring values in the curriculum
Faith schools : consensus or conflict?
Handbook of youth ministry
Inclusive religious education : international perspectives
The world is facing inhumane and barbaric acts of terrorism which is destroying the world peace. Angry, reactionary voices distort the peaceful message of Islam and present it as a violent ideology that calls for indiscriminate killings and suicidal terrorism. Such voices are denying the possibility of a harmonious coexistence between Muslims and non-Muslims. Under such circumstances there is an urgent need for the authentic voices of Islamic scholarship to reassert the normative, mainstream teachings of Islam. Voices backed by 1400 years of scholarship that represent the creed of the overwhelming majority of the Muslim World. The Islamic Curriculum on Peace and Counter-Terrorism aims to provide resources from the Holy Qur'an, Hadith and authoritative books to provide a comprehensive ideological and theological counter narrative. This timely collection consists of three lectures delivered by the world renowned authority, Shaykh-ul-Islam Dr. Tahir ul-Qadri who has published over 450 books and delivered over 5500 lectures to date.
Islam in education in European countries : pedagogical concepts and empirical findings
Religious education and human development : the relationship between studying religions and personal, social and moral education
Religious education in Finland : framework and practice
Religious education 5-12
Dialogue and conflict on religion : studies of classroom interaction in European countries
Christian education in a secular society
Religious education in a context of religious and cultural diversity : the case of Cyprus
Research in religious education
Toledo guiding principles on teaching about religions and beliefs in public schools
Educational research and evaluation : vol. 9, number 1, March 2003.
International handbook of education for spirituality, care and wellbeing. Part 1 and 2
Reading catechisms, teaching religion
Readiness for religion : a basis for developmental religious education
Transforming religious education : beliefs and values under scrutiny
The man and the vine
International perspectives on citizenship, education and religious diversity
A new-style catechism on the Eastern Orthodox faith for adults
An integrated program of religious education
Models of adult religious education practice
International handbook of the religious, moral and spiritual dimensions in education / part 2
Religious education : and the pupil with learning difficulties
Religion, spirituality and identity
Godly Play : an imaginative approach to religious education
Our church and our children
Religion and education in Europe : developments, contexts and debates
Connecting with RE : RE and faith development for children with autism and/or severe and complex learning disabilities
From the time he prepares the soil for planting, a man prays over his vines and the grapes they produce, until he finally tastes the wine that has been made from the juice and transformed into a blessing from Heaven. Includes facts about Holy Communion and the Eucharistic tradition in the Orthodox Christian Church.
The foundations and practice of adult religious education
How to teach religion
How do I teach RE?
Multiculturalism and religious education in the nursery : a Finnish approach
International handbook of education for spirituality, care and wellbeing. Part 2
Many European societies are characterised by increasing forms of secularisation and religious diversity. This results in a paradigm shift with regard to Many European societies are characterised by increasing forms of secularisation and religious diversity. This results in a paradigm shift with regard to religious education. For a long time, the main aim of religious education was, clearly, to educate children in their own religious tradition. Today, the aims of religious education are much broader: contributing to pupils' general education (Allgemeinbildung) and preparing them for participation as a citizen in the future, multicultural society. As a result, the following question arises in many countries: how can 'teaching into religion' be transformed into or complemented by 'learning about' and 'learning from (the study of) religions'? This book brings several distinguished authors in the field of religious education together to reflect on this paradigm shift. The book is divided into two parts. The first part is rather descriptive and gives an informative and up to date overview of the different discussions about religious education in several European countries. The second part is a normative reflection on the question of how religious education should be organised in plural secularised societies. "This book is very important for the discussion about religious education. Its comparative approach combined with the interdisciplinary dialogue between the different schools in the field of religious education, make this book highly recommendable for everyone who is interested in the state of the art and the future of religious education in Europe." Didier Pollefeyt, full professor in theology and religious education at the Catholic University of Leuven.
The measurement of attitude : a psychological method and some experiments with a scale for measuring attitude toward the church
Crossings and crosses : borders, educations, and religions in Northern Europe
Reaching for the sky : religious education from Christian and Islamic perspectives
The experience of faith
The fourth R for the third millennium : education in religion and values for the global future
Abstract: This functional final thesis was done in co-operation with the Lutheran Evangelical Association of Finland (LEAF). The aim of the thesis was to provide a tool for Sunday school teachers and other educators to support a childʼs moral development. The moral view in the Ten Commandments in a Childʼs Everyday Life curriculum is based on the Bible and Lutheran doctrine about the Ten Commandments. As the main method the curriculum presents ten imaginative stories from the everyday lives of children, giving examples of how the Commandments could be encountered in a childʼs life. In addition, the curriculum provides paper puppets with background scenes and symbol cards to go along with the stories, as well as suggestions for the teachers for songs and crafts.   The theoretical framework of this thesis is the moral development of children. The different parts of the curriculum have been planned to teach the Ten Commandments through methods that are suitable for children under seven years old. The aim of keeping the full Lutheran Catechismal form of the Commandments set a real challenge for the curriculum targeting children of a wide age range. Therefore, the curriculum was developed even further during the process of the thesis to better meet the developmental needs of different age groups.   The product was tested in two testing rounds in several different groups: in the first round in a LEAFʼs family camp and in one Sunday school group, in the second round in two LEAFʼs Sunday school groups. Based on the feedback received from the second round of testing, the material was found to be supportive for the moral development of children. However, the whole extent of the curriculum was not tested in the second round. Therefore, the feedback cannot be fully applied to the material.   The tool also received developmental ideas that were not implemented as a part of this thesis process. However, these ideas can be used as the starting point for further development in the future. The feedback gave ideas for how the curriculum could be developed to make it even more suitable for the youngest children in the group. Ideas were also given to make the material more organized and manageable for such a short lesson time.
Engaging religious education
Echo and silence : contemporary issues for Australian religious education
Moral education in Christian times
Children and childhood in American religions
Religious education and the brain : a practical resource for understanding how we learn about God
Faith and culture : the construction of a christian identity in interaction with other world religions in education
Handbook of children's religious education
Issues in religious education
Teachers responding to religious diversity in Europe : researching biography and pedagogy
What is this thing called R.E. : a decade on?
The religious education of older adults
Global perspectives on Christianity : case studies to promote thinking skills in religious education
Morality and citizenship in education
Islam on serving humanity
Spirituality in religious education
Is religious education possible? : a philosophical investigation
Citizenship through secondary religious education
Researching religious education as social practice
Freedom and authority in religions and religious education
Spiritual pedagogy : a survey, critique and reconstruction of contemporary spiritual education in England and Wales
God's wisdom : toward a theology of education
Young people have a perfect right to good education. They deserve committed educators, safe schools, powerful learning environments, but most of all a clear sense of direction and insight in the values, norms, and beliefs of the global community. In this book the expertise of German, Dutch, English and French speaking scholars in this field is reflected on the basis of the metaphor of the city, the place of encounter in complexity and diversity.
Education in "multicultural" societies : Turkish and Swedish perspectives
Primary religious education, a new approach : conceptual enquiry in primary RE
International handbook of inter-religious education. Part 2
Teaching godly play : the Sunday morning handbook
Overcoming religious illiteracy : a cultural studies approach to the study of religion in secondary education
Facing diversity : the Evangelical Lutheran Church of Finland from 2004 to 2007
Religious education in a plural western society : problems and challenges
Religious education in a plural, secularised society : a paradigm shift
Belief, morals, and education : collected essays on the philosophy of education
Religious education in contemporary society
Debates in religious education
Women, Islam, and identity : public life in private spaces in Uzbekistan
Religious education at schools in Europe. Part 3, Northern Europe
How to use the learning covenant in religious education
Religious education in the early years
Religious literacy : what every American needs to know - and doesn't
Religious education : philosophical perspectives
A dictionary of religious education
Religious ideas, feelings and their interrelationship
Religious education
Ten Commandments in a Child's Everyday Life : A tool for an Educator to Support a Child's Moral Development
Bread for life : reading the Bible
Hindsight and foresight in religious education : opening Pandora's box or Oedipus' eyes
Listening to god with children : the Montessori method applied to the catechesis of children
Training workshop for Christian religious educators in eastern and central Europe and the CIS : 21 May - 1 June 1995, Joensuu, Finland
Thinking through religious education
Religious education in Europe : situation and current trends in schools
The effective teaching of religious education
Walking in wonder : nurturing Orthodox Christian virtues in your children
Islamic curriculum on peace and counter terrorism : for clerics, imams and teachers
The education of the whole child
Interreligious learning
Religion in education 4
Religious education for secondary schools : the first three years
Confirmation ministry study : global report 4-8 September 1995, Geneva, Switzerland
What schools teach us about religious life
Religious education in primary schools
Religious education in a psychological key
Religious education of boys and girls
Religious education between modernization and globalization
Love and meaning in religious education : an incarnational approach to teaching christianity
Catechesis : the maturation of the body
Catechesis of revelation
Handbook of family life education. Vol. 1, Foundations of family life education
Religious education and Christian theologies : some european perspectives
Participatory learning : religious education in a globalizing society
Spirituality and ethics in education : philosophical, theological and radical perspectives
The religious dimension of intercultural education : contributions to a contextual understanding
Religious education research through a community of practice : action research and the interpretive approach
Creative approaches to teaching primary RE
Theology Made in Dignity: On the Precarious Role of Theology in Religious Education
Interreligious learning as a strategy to cope with pluralism
Training workshop for Christian religious educators in Eastern and Central Europe and the CIS : 21 May - 1 June 1995, Joensuu, Finland
The occupational profile of Finnish teachers of religious education
"These guidelines were developed by the ODIHR Advisory Council of Experts on Freedom of Religion or Belief in co-operation with education experts. Aimed at both legislators and schools, they offer guidance on preparing curricula for teaching about religions and beliefs, preferred procedures for assuring fairness in the development of curricula, and standards for how they could be implemented."
Tradition and future of Islamic education
International handbook of inter-religious education. Part 1-2
How teachers in Europe teach religion : an international empirical study in 16 countries
Handbook of preschool religious education
Exploring context in religious education research : empirical, methodological and theoretical perspectives
Religious education as encounter : a tribute to John M. Hull
The agreed syllabus for religious education : guidance from the Christian Education Movement to Agreed Syllabus Conference and SACREs
Religious education in Greece : its origins, development and future with special reference to religious education in England
Signposts : policy and practice for teaching about religions and non-religious world views in intercultural education
Nurturing children's religious imagination : the challenge of primary religious education today
"Each chapter ends with a list of practical ideas any parent might try to help cultivate character qualities such as attentiveness and silence .... This workbook will help parents, teachers, and all caregivers provide and environment that helps develop Orthodox attitudes toward self, others, the world and Christ"--P. 4 of cover.
Becoming adult, becoming Christian : adult development and Christian faith
The general trends in Finnish society from the perspective of religious education
Islamic education and the public sphere : today's pesantren in Indonesia
Background - religious buildings
Modernizing Jewish education in nineteenth century Eastern Europe : the school as the shrine of the Jewish enlightenment
The focus of this book is upon consciously and proactively serving those in need, be they of any colour, creed or religion. Islam admonishes those who fail to see and address the needs of the poor, weak, elderly, oppressed, orphans, widows, refugees, travelers and prisoners. All possible means of serving humanity have been highlighted by citing the example of the Holy Prophet Muhammad and that of pious members of the Muslim community; thereby directing the attention of modern-day Muslims to this crucial and forgotten asset of Islam.
Orthodox Christian parenting : cultivating God's creation
Religious fundamentalism as a challenge to educational situations
Lived religion : conceptual, empirical and practical-theological approaches : essays in honor of Hans-Gunter Heimbrock
Neothemi : cultural heritage and ICT, theory & practice
The church and adult education in Estonia
What the churches say on moral and social issues
