http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20663 Gauls
Gauls
Attalos, Athens, and the Akropolis : the Pergamene "Little Barbarians" and their Roman and renaissance legacy
Asterix omnibus. 4, Asterix the legionary ; Asterix and the chieftain's shield ; Asterix at the Olympic games
Word, image, and experience : dynamics of miracle and self-perception in sixth-century Gaul
Cemeteries and society in Merovingian Gaul : selected studies in history and archaeology, 1992-2009
Asterix and Obelix all at sea
Warriors and weapons of early times in colour
Asterix and the magic carpet
Asterix the Gallus
Asterix and the missing scroll
Asterix omnibus. 8, Asterix and the great crossing ; Obelix and co. ; Asterix in Belgium
This engrossing and original book looks at the growth and eventual demise of Rome from the viewpoint of the peoples who fought against it. Here is the reality behind legends such as Spartacus the gladiator, and the stories of Shapur the conqueror, Viriathus the guerrilla leader and Mithridates the connoisseur of poisons. Some enemies of Rome were noble heroes, others were murdering villains, but each has a unique and fascinating story. Defying the might of Rome was a dangerous business, and few of the men and women described in these pages died in their beds. Some, like Vercingetorix and Jugurtha, were captured, exhibited in triumph and then, while their conquerors sat down to a festive dinner, killed in the dungeons below. Rather than face such an end, some of Rome's greatest adversaries, including Hannibal, Boudicca and Cleopatra, killed themselves.
Social mobility in late antique Gaul : strategies and opportunities for the non-elite
Asterix and the Vikings : the book of the film
Asterix and Caesar's gift
Southern Gaul and the Mediterranean : multilingualism and multiple identities in the Iron Age and Roman periods
Being a Roman magistrate : office-holding and Roman identity in late antique Gaul
Asterix and the secret weapon
Asterix omnibus. 7, Asterix and the soothsayer ; Asterix in Corsica ; Asterix and Caesar's gift
Asterix and the actress
Where is Dogmatix?
Asterix the Gladiator
The enemies of Rome : from Hannibal to Attila the Hun
Asterix omnibus. 2, Asterix the gladiator ; Asterix and the banquet ; Asterix and Cleopatra
Asterix and the great crossing
Asterix and the Roman agent
The mansions of the gods
Asterix in Corsica
"The interactions of the Celtic-speaking communities of Southern Gaul with the Mediterranean world have intrigued commentators since antiquity. This book combines sociolinguistics and archaeology to bring to life the multilingualism and multiple identities of the region from the foundation of the Greek colony of Massalia in 600 BC to the final phases of Roman Imperial power. It builds on the interest generated by the application of modern bilingualism theory to ancient evidence by modelling language contact and community dynamics and adopting an innovative interdisciplinary approach. This produces insights into the entanglements and evolving configurations of a dynamic zone of cultural contact. Key foci of contact-induced change are exposed and new interpretations of cultural phenomena highlight complex origins and influences from the entire Mediterranean koine. Southern Gaul reveals itself to be fertile ground for considering the major themes of multilingualism, ethnolinguistic vitality, multiple identities, colonialism and Mediterraneanization"--
Asterix omnibus. 10, Asterix and the magic carpet ; Asterix and the secret weapon ; Asterix and Obelix all at sea
Asterix and the great divide
Asterix and the cauldron
Asterix at the olympic games
Asterix the legionary
The historical encyclopedia of costume
Asterix and the black gold
Asterix in Britain
Asterix omnibus. 5, Asterix and the cauldron ; Asterix in Spain ; Asterix and the roman agent
How Obelix fell in to the magic potion when he was a little boy
Asterix and the banquet
Asterix and the laurel wreath
Asterix and the chieftain's shield
Asterix and the soothsayer
