http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2063 photons
photons
Nanostructures for photonic applications
Biodistribution studies in small animal models using pre-clinical SPECT/CT imaging
Autologous bone marrow mononuclear cell transplantation and coronary bypass surgery for treatment of ischemic heart failure
Abstract.
Dipyrrylmetheneboron difluorides as labels in two-photon excited fluorometry
An introduction to the passage of energetic particles through matter
Nanoelectronics and information technology : advanced electronic materials and novel devices
Event-by-event hydrodynamics and thermal photon production in ultrarelativistic heavy ion collisions
Introduction to quantum optics : from light quanta to quantum teleportation
Photon creation - annihilation : continuum electromagnetic theory
Obesity and bone mineral measurements in postmenopausal women
Detection of light : from the ultraviolet to the submillimeter
Towards calorimetric detection of individual itinerant microwave photons
Photonic crystal waveguides for silicon integrated optics
Photonic crystals : molding the flow of light
Spatially dependent parton distribution functions and hard processes in nuclear collisions
Quantum theory of solids
In this thesis, a new type of laser diode transmitter using enhanced gain-switching suitable for use with a single photon avalanche diode (SPAD) detector was developed and tested in the pulsed time-of-flight laser range finding (lidar) application.Several laser diode versions were tested and the driving electronics were developed. The driving electronics improvements enabled a pulsing frequency of up to 1 MHz, while the maximum laser output power was about 5-40 W depending on the laser diode dimensions. The large output power is advantageous especially in conditions of strong photon noise emerging from ambient light outdoors. The length of the laser pulse matches the jitter of a typical SPAD detector providing several advantages. The new laser pulser structure enables a compact rangefinder for 50 m distance measurement outdoors in sunny conditions with sub-centimeter precision (σ-value) at a valid distance measurement rate of more than 10 kHz, for example.Single photon range finding techniques were also shown to enable a char bed level measurement of a recovery boiler containing highly attenuating and dispersing flue gas. In addition, gated single photon detector techniques were shown to provide a rejection of fluorescent photons in a Raman spectroscope leading to a greatly improved signal-to-noise ratio. Photonic effects were also studied in the case of a pulsed time-of-flight laser rangefinder utilizing a linear photodetector. It was shown that signal photon noise has an effect on the optimum detector configuration, and that pulse detection jitter can be minimized with an appropriate timing discriminator.
QED : the strange theory of light and matter
Functional imaging of proximal femur by combining dual energy X-ray imaging and finite element simulations
Photons and atoms : introduction to quantum electrodynamics
The enigmatic photon. Vol. 4, New directions
Resonance phenomena in nonlinear and active nanophotonics
Laser-driven beams of fast ions, relativistic electrons and coherent X-ray photons
Novel solutions for improving solid-state photon detector performance and manufacturing
Modified silicon drift detector for MIGFET purpose
Sears and Zemansky's university physics. 3.
Fundamental particles of the matter : unification of particle mechanics and wave mechanics
Fundamentals of physics
Experimental study of core shell properties of atoms using electron spectroscopy
Childhood autism : aspects of growth factors and monoaminergic transporters in etiopathogenesis
Microwave radiation and electron capture in molecular reactions
Functional human neuroimaging using clinical tools : studies of cortical motor areas
The enigmatic photon. Vol. 5, O(3) electrodynamics
Transmission lines : equivalent circuits, electromagnetic theory, and photons
Recent advances in biophoton research and its applications
Molecular anatomic imaging : PET/CT, PET/MR, and SPECT/CT
Fundamentals of photonics
Quantum optics and quantum information processing in rare-earth-ion-doped crystals
Biomechanical modeling of proximal femur : development of finite element models to simulate fractures
Calculation of momentum densities and Compton profiles of solids in the LCAO approximation
Physics of solar cells : from basic principles to advanced concepts
Single photon detection based devices and techniques for pulsed time-of-flight applications
"This brand new book discusses the most relevant technique or combination thereof for each disease and provides guidance on which modality to use -It is a disease oriented reference meant for interpreting integrated imaging studies. While it focuses on PET-CT and SPECT-CT, it also integrates PET-MR were applicable. Features: Allows clinical hybrid imaging users to compare modalities and decide whether to use PET/CT, PET/MR or SPECT/CT to solve a clinical question. Focus on clinical applications sans technological & radiopharmaceutical details. Inclusion of emerging field of PET/MR. New PART III on workflow and normal scans with various clinical tracers. Only book that incorporates PET/MR in a systematic way"--Provided by publisher.
Quantitative characterization of proximal femur using ultrasound pulse-echo measurements
The physics of angels : exploring the realm where science and spirit meet
Bone, fat and muscle gain in pubertal girls : effects of physical activity
