http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2060 war equipment
war equipment
The complete Roman army
Execution of LSA in accordance with MIL-STD-1388-1A
Make all sure : the conservation and restoration of arms and armour
The timeline of medieval warfare : the ultimate guide to battle in the Middle Ages
Suomen ilmavoimien lentokoneet. [1], MiG-21 in Finnish air force
Rautatiet sotavuosina TK-miesten kuvaamana : in the lens of army photographers = Finnish railways in wartime
The aircraft designed and built in Finland for the Finnish Air Force
Star Wars : complete vehicles
The shadow world : inside the global arms trade
Last talons of the eagle : secret Nazi technology which could have changed the course of World War II
Military Vehicles
Imperial Death Star : DS-1 orbital battle station
See inside the Second World War
The military history book : the ultimate visual guide to the weapons that shaped the world
The Roman army was one of the most successful fighting forces in history. Its organization and tactics were highly advanced and were never again to be equalled until the modern era. Spectacular monuments to its perseverance and engineering skill are still visible today. Including over 200 illustrations, this book fully describes these achievements and analyses several key battles, and their famous commanders. It is the first to examine in detail not just the early imperial army, but the citizen's militia of the Republic and the army of the later Empire. The unprecedented scope of Roman military success is placed in the context of ordinary soldiers' daily lives, whether spent in the quiet routine of a peaceful garrison or in arduous campaign and violent combat.
The D-day kit bag : the ultimate guide to the Allied assault on Europe
On war
Medieval warfare source book : Christian Europe and its neighbours
The complete illustrated history of World War II : a concise authorative account of one of the deadliest conflicts in human history with analysis of decisive encounters and landmark engagements
Suomen ilmavoimien lentokoneet. 2, Fouga CM 170 Magister in Finnish air force
The new Imperial War Museum
The illustrated Directory of tanks pf the world
The illustrated encyclopedia of weapons of World War I : a comprehensive guide to weapons systems, including tanks, small arms, warplanes, artillery, ships and submarines
Weapons of the modern marines
A glossary of the construction, decoration and use of arms and armor in all countries and in all times : together with some closely related subjects
Weapons & warfare
The directory of the world's weapons
Rautatiet sotavuosina TK-miesten kuvaamana  = = Finnish railways in wartime : in the lens of army photographers
The familiar image of the British in the Second World War is that of the plucky underdog taking on German might. David Edgerton's bold, compelling new history shows the conflict in a new light, with Britain as a very wealthy country, formidable in arms, ruthless in pursuit of its interests, and in command of a global production system. Rather than belittled by a Nazi behemoth, Britain arguably had the world's most advanced mechanized forces. It had not only a great empire, but allies large and small. Edgerton shows that Britain fought on many fronts and its many home fronts kept it exceptionally well supplied with weapons, food and oil, allowing it to mobilize to an extraordinary extent. It created and deployed a vast empire of machines, from the humble tramp steamer to the battleship, from the rifle to the tank, made in colossal factories the world over. Scientists and engineers invented new weapons, encouraged by a government and prime minister enthusiastic about the latest technologies. The British, indeed Churchillian, vision of war and modernity was challenged by repeated defeat at the hands of less well-equipped enemies. Yet the end result was a vindication of this vision. Like the United States, a powerful Britain won a cheap victory, while others paid a great price. Putting resources, machines and experts at the heart of a global rather than merely imperial story, Britain's War Machine demolishes timeworn myths about wartime Britain and gives us a groundbreaking and often unsettling picture of a great power in action.
Itsenäisen Suomen ilmatorjuntatykit 1917-2000 = [The anti-craft guns of independent Finland 1917-2000]
The worldwide history of warfare : the ultimate visual guide, from the Ancient world to the American Civil War
The Iraq war : strategy, tactics, and military lessons
Submarines & deep-sea vehicles
Chariot : from chariot to tank, the astounding rise and fall of the world's first war machine
Tanks, Aircraft & armored vehicles : Learn to draw 23 favorite subjects, step by easy step, shape by simple shape!
See inside the First World War
Evaluation of weapon systems
The revolution in military affairs : implications for Canada and NATO
Twentieth-century small arms
Britain's war machine : weapons, resources and experts in the second world war
Tampellasta Patriaan : 70 vuotta suomalaista raskasta aseenvalmistusta : 70 years of Finnish heavy weapons production = From Tampella to Patria
Enhancing the development of military capabilities by a systems approach
Seapower : a guide for the twenty-first century
Modern weapons and warfare : The technology of war from 1700 to the present day
D-day to Berlin : armour camouflage and markings of the United States, British and German Armies, June 1944 to May 1945
Arms and armour
Drones and unmanned aerial systems : legal and social implications for security and surveillance
Maintaining military readiness by managing ozone depleting substances : guidelines for armed forces in developing countries
The Assyrian army. 1., The structure of the Neo-Assyrian army : as reconstructed from the Assyrian palace reliefs and cuneiform sources, 2. cavalry and chariotry
An illustrated directory of military motorcycles : a country-by-country guide, featuring 160 machines with 320 photographs
The worldwide history of warfare : The ultimate visual guide from the ancient world to the American Civil War
Encyclopedia of military technology and innovation
Tanks in the Winter War 1939-1940
Britain's war machine : weapons, resources, and experts in the Second World War
Finnish air force 1918-1968
From apes to warlords : the autobiography (1904-1946) of Solly Zuckerman
War stars : the superweapon and the American imagination
Tiger's claw
Mega book of weapons & warfare : discover the most amazing weapons and warfare on earth!
This book tackles the regulatory issues of Unmanned Aerial Systems (UAS) or Remotely-Piloted Aerial Systems (RPAS), which have profound consequences for privacy, security and other fundamental liberties. Collectively known as "drones," they were initially deployed for military purposes: reconnaissance, surveillance and extrajudicial executions. Today, we are witnessing a growth of their use into the civilian and humanitarian domain. They are increasingly used for goals as diverse as news gathering, aerial inspection of oil refinery flare stacks, mapping of the Amazonian rain-forest, crop spraying and search and rescue operations. The civil use of drones is becoming a reality in the European Union and in the US.The drone revolution may be a new technological revolution. Proliferation of the next generation of "recreational" drones show how drones will be sold as any other consumer item. The cultural perception of the technology is shifting, as drones are increasingly being used for humanitarian activities, on one hand, but they can also firmly be situated in the prevailing modes of postmodern governance on the other hand. This work will be of interest to researchers in Criminology and Criminal Justice interested in issues related to surveillance, security, privacy, and technology. It will also provide a criminological background for related legal issues, such as privacy law, aviation law, international criminal law, and comparative law.
Jeep goes to war
Star wars : complete cross-sections
The complete illustrated history of World War I : a concise authorative account of the course of the Great War, with analysis of decisive encounters and landmark engagements
