http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20641 joking
joking jesting
"In Practically Joking, the first full-length study of the practical joke, Moira Marsh examines the value, artistry, and social significance of this ancient and pervasive form of vernacular art. Though it is sometimes dismissed as the lowest form of humor, the practical joke comes from a lively tradition of expressive play. Both sophistication and intellectual satisfaction is found in them, and the best demand significant skill and talent, not only to think up but also to execute. Practically Joking establishes the practical joke as an art form subject to critical evaluation by both practitioners and audiences, operating under the guidance of local aesthetic and ethical canons. Marsh studies the range of genres that pranks comprise, offers a theoretical look at the reception of practical jokes based on "transgressive humor," a theory that sees humor as playful violation, and uses real life examples of practical jokes in context to establish the form's varieties and meanings as an independent genre, as well as its inextricable relationship with a range of folklore forms. Scholars of folklore, humor and popular culture will find much of interest in Practically Joking"--
Represented discourse, resonance and stance in joking interaction in Mexican Spanish
Horrid Henry reads a book
A thrilling tale that leads from ventriloquism and mania to a family murder and emotional breakdown, Charles Brockden Brown's "Wieland or The Transformation" (1798) ties revolutionary-era Gothic themes to struggles over the politics of Enlightenment on both sides of the Atlantic. This edition of "Wieland" includes Brown's "Memoirs of Carwin" the "Biloquist" and writings on Cicero, as well as his key essays on history and literature, and selections from contemporary German and other texts that figure in the novel's background and in the charged atmosphere of the late 1790s.
Joking asides : the theory, analysis, and aesthetics of humor
Singing the master : the emergence of African culture in the plantation South
Thomas' crazy day
Classic songs and sketches
The Terrible Two get worse
Humor and laughter : an anthropological approach
The terrible two
"Oring analyzes key contemporary approaches to the study of humor and addresses controversial topics with new empirical data and insight. He tests appropriate incongruity against other major positions in the field, including Semantic Script Theory, the General Theory of Verbal Humor, Conceptual Integration Theory, and Benign Violation Theory"--Provided by publisher.
Horrid Henry's double dare
A horrid factbook : Horrid Henry's bugs
Practically joking
Hacker, hoaxer, whistleblower, spy : the many faces of Anonymous
Horrid Henry and the abominable snowman
Parsing through customs : essays by a Freudian folklorist
Humour in English everyday life
Abstract.
Adaptation, change, and decline in oral literature
Humour in English Everyday Life
This thesis is written as an assignment for Bellcrest Translations Ltd. There was no requirement for any specific subject, so on the basis of interest in British culture, English humour was chosen as the subject. The objective of the thesis is to understand English culture and humour, and how humour appears in its various forms in English everyday life and communication. The thesis is not about comedy. One of the aims is the usefulness of the thesis to those leaving for England, for example, to study or work. The thesis is mainly based on written material. Interviews and email messages have been used as empirical material; they have been studied to learn about English humour and the forms in which it appears. Personal observation is used in addition to these.  The study was started in spring 2007; the interviews were made during the spring and summer 2007, and the email messages are also from that period. Other material has been gradually processed from spring 2007 to spring 2009.  Humour is very important part of English culture and English everyday life and communication. There are various types of humour. It may be difficult for a foreigner to understand English humour, but understanding it is very important part of adapting to English culture.
I think, therefore I laugh : the flip side of philosophy
Proverbs as precision guided humor
Moody Margaret strikes back
Friends and pranking partners Miles and Niles face a tough challenge when their favorite goat and nemesis, Principal Barkin, is replaced by his stern, no-nonsense father, Former Principal Barkin, who turns the school into boot camp. / WorldCat.
Horrid Henry tricks the tooth fairy
Folklore in modern India
Shit New York : snapshots of the city that never sleeps - caught napping
When you're up to your ass in alligators ... : more urban folklore from the paperwork empire
When I'm happy
Folklore and culture on the Texas-Mexican border
Woven gods : female clowns and power in Rotuma
Jackass 3.5 : the unrated movie
Horrid Henry and the mummy's curse
Wieland, or, The transformation : an American tale, with related texts
Causing a scene : extraordinary pranks in ordinary places with Improv Everywhere
Humor and generality claims : can one make general descriptions of humar that hold true in all cases?
Creepy crafts
'Brer rabbit takes a walk' : the trickster in afro-american folklore and fiction
The best of stuntology : 304 pranks, tricks & challenges to amuse & annoy your friends
The clown in native North America
Extreme Halloween : the ultimate guide to making Halloween scary again
