http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20627 variety
variety
Ethnic and religious diversity in higher education in Ethiopia : the case of Bahir Dar University
New dimensions of diversity in Nordic culture and society
The cultural intelligence difference : master the one skill you can't do without in today's global economy
The Oxford handbook of diversity and work : edited by Quinnetta M. Roberson
Sociocultural linguistics has long conceived of languages as well-bounded, separate codes. But the increasing diversity of languages encountered by most people in their daily lives challenges this conception. Globalization has accelerated population flows, so that cities are now sites of encounter for groups that are highly diverse in terms of origins, cultural practices, and languages. New media technologies invent communicative genres, foster hybrid semiotic practices, and spread diversity as they intensify contact and exchange between peoples who often are spatially removed and culturally different from each other. Diversity--even super-diversity--is now the norm. In response, recent scholarship complicates traditional associations between languages and social identities, emphasizing the connectedness of communicative events and practices at different scales and the embedding of languages within new physical landscapes and mediated practices. This volume takes stock of the increasing diversity of linguistic phenomena and faces the theoretical-methodological challenges that accounting for such phenomena poses to sociocultural linguistics.
Diversity management experienced by lesbian, gay, bi and transgender employees in Finland
Cityscapes: islands of the self : proceedings of the 22nd AIA Conference, Cagliari 15-17 September 2005.. Volume 2, language studies
Religious diversity : philosophical and political dimensions
Managing diversity in practice : supporting business goals
A clash of values
In the last decades diversity and its management has become a feature of modern and postmodern organizations. Different practices have spread around the globe focusing on the organizing and management of inclusion and exclusion of persons and identities based on different genders, sexual orientations, racial and ethnic backgrounds, ages, and (dis)abilities as well as religious beliefs. However, although increasingly recognized as important, the discourses of diversity are multifaceted and not without controversy. Furthermore, diversity management practices have the potential to reproduce both inclusion and exclusion. The book presents the foundations of organizing and managing diversities, offers multidisciplinary, intersectional and critical analyses on key issues, and opens up fresh perspectives in order to advance the diversity debate. It also inspires new debates on diversity by encouraging scholars to broaden their research agendas and assists students and scholars to increase their understanding of the field and its current discussions. The contributors are a team of leading diversity scholars from all over the world.
ReInventing diversity : transforming organizational community to strengthen people, purpose, and performance
Conditionally one of "us" : a study of print media, minorities and positioning practices
Multilingualism : understanding linguistic diversity
Reframing pluralism
International handbook on diversity management at work : country perspectives on diversity and equal treatment
Managed multiculturalism in Finnish media initiatives
Diversity in organizations : concepts and practices
Reframing difference in organizational communication studies : research, pedagogy, practice
This title examines the dynamics of a multilingual planet, offering us a snapshot of a globalized society. Multilingualism is everywhere in a globalized society. This book looks at its consequences, from the development of multilingual communities to language competition and variation. The author examines lingua francas, pidgins, creoles and artificial languages on the way to developing a snapshot of the social life of language. The book asks: How far a role does translation play in helping multilingualism to thrive? Are polyglots viewed with suspicion, given the links between language and identity? Is language maintenance and revival worth the effort? Can a language remain 'pure'? And if languages constantly shift, what does this say about identity?
Beyond diversity and intercultural management
Diversity management
Homeschooling, freedom of conscience, and the school as republican sanctuary: an analysis of arguments representing polar conceptions of the secular state and religious neutrality
Governing diversities : democracy, diversity and human nature
International human resource development : a leadership perspective
Diversité et culture = Diversity and culture
"In Russia, we had it differently" : experiences among Russian-speaking employees of interaction in Finnish workplaces
Internationalising higher education
Diversity and public administration : theory, issues, and perspectives
Understanding the sociocultural processes that contribute to diversity and conformity among farmers in Australia, Finland and The Netherlands
Educating teachers for diversity : meeting the challenge
Sharing diversity : culture as a resource for future Europe. Cultural policy and its dimensions in four European countries: Bulgaria, Finland, Germany and Poland
The radicant
Diversity and super-diversity : sociocultural linguistic perspectives
Mastering approaches to diversity in social work
Doubles : studies in literary history
Managing and developing diversity is on the political and business agenda in many countries; therefore diversity management has become an area of knowledge and practice in its own right. Yet all too often it is referred to as a unifying concept, as if it were to be interpreted uniformly across all cultures and countries. The contributors to this volume expertly examine the relationship between diversity management and equality legislation within the different participating countries’ national contexts. They advocate that such separation and sequencing between equality at work and diversity management is far from natural. This Handbook will be greatly appreciated by scholars who wish to better contextualize their research and will also provide policy-makers with benchmark data regarding equal treatment and diversity as understood in other countries.
CULTURAL DIVERTIFICATION OF TOURISM AND THEIR IMPORTANCE : Case study: CAMEROON
Managing diversity and inclusion : an international perspective
Working with diversity in youth and community work
This book focuses on the nature of cross-cultural practice, an inevitable aspect of working as a youth and community worker in multicultural Britain today. It enables students to understand how cross-cultural dynamics can set the tone of their relationships with their clients and helps them to understand how individual action and some processes in society can contribute to the marginalisation of others. This book looks at the processes involved in the everyday relationships forged through practice and how these can inadvertently influence the dynamics of oppression through lack of self-awareness or lack of awareness of others in society.
Immigration and ethnic diversity in Finnish and Dutch magazines : articulations of subject positions and symbolic communities
Working with cultural differences : dealing effectively with diversity in the workplace
Managing diversity and the business case
The relationship between religion and sexuality is often framed as inherently conflictual. But what actually happens when religion and sexuality converge in contemporary contexts? This provocative volume goes beyond the familiar debates over toleration and accomodation to explore the ways in which various forms of religious affliation and sexual identity do, in fact, co-exist. Drawing on interviews and analyzing media representations, legislation, and public discourse on topics such as education, economics, and same-sex marriage in North America and the United Kingdom, this book foregrounds the complexity and multiplicity of religious and sexual identities and practices. -- from back cover.
Governing through diversity : migration societies in post-multiculturalist times
Diversity incorporated : managing people for success in a diverse world
On religious diversity
The Oxford handbook of diversity in organizations
Managing equality and diversity : theory and practice
Seven types of ambiguity
Introduction to international human resource management
Anthropology confronts the problems of the modern world
Trans-cultural leadership for transformation
The Oxford handbook of diversity and work
Open spaces for interactions and learning diversities
Religion and sexuality : diversity and the limits of tolerance
Education, religion and diversity : developing a new model of religious education
Diversity in coaching : working with gender, culture, race and age
Diverse teams at work : capitalizing on the power of diversity
Understanding family diversity and home-school relations : a guide for students and practitioners in early years and primary settings
Multicultural working team - manager's asset or nightmare?
The sustainability of cultural diversity
The 21st-century hipster : on micro-populations in times of superdiversity
Teachers' intercultural learning and competence
Culturally intelligent leadership : leading through intercultural interactions
Calcutta : two years in the city
Managing complexity in global organizations
Diversity in European marketing : text and cases
"In short: all people are different" : teachers' and teacher students' views and conceptions of cultural diversity
Emerging trajectories of religious change in Finland
Should we merely celebrate diversity in the sphere of religion? What of the social cohesion of a country? There is a constant tug between belief in religious truth and the need for respect for other religions. Religious Diversity: Philosophical and Political Dimensions examines how far a firm faith can allow for toleration of difference and respect the need for religious freedom. It elucidates the philosophical credentials of different approaches to truth in religion, ranging from a dogmatic fundamentalism to a pluralism that shades into relativism. Must we resort to a secularism that treats all religion as a personal and private matter, with nothing to contribute to discussions about the common good? How should law approach the issue of religious freedom? Introducing the relevance of central discussions in modern philosophy of religion, the book goes on to examine the political implications of increasing religious diversity in a democracy. -- Provided by publisher. Should we merely celebrate diversity in the sphere of religion? What of the social cohesion of a country? There is a constant tug between belief in religious truth and the need for respect for other religions. Religious Diversity: Philosophical and Political Dimensions examines how far a firm faith can allow for toleration of difference and respect the need for religious freedom. It elucidates the philosophical credentials of different approaches to truth in religion, ranging from a dogmatic fundamentalism to a pluralism that shades into relativism. Must we resort to a secularism that treats all religion as a personal and private matter, with nothing to contribute to discussions about the common good? How should law approach the issue of religious freedom? Introducing the relevance of central discussions in modern philosophy of religion, the book goes on to examine the political implications of increasing religious diversity in a democracy.
World class diversity management : a strategic approach
