http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20745 middle management
middle management
Caught in the middle? : narrative identity construction of middle management in strategic change
The essence of small business
Electrocardiographic risk markers of sudden cardiac death in middle-aged subjects
E-Business in the 21st Century : Realities Challenges and Outlook
Entrepreneurial management in small firms
Middle managers’ role as change agents : a case study of a strategic change process in a listed Finnish company
Entrepreneurship
Warfare in medieval Brabant, 1356-1406
Beyond entrepreneurship : turning your business into an enduring great company
International hospitality management : concepts and cases
Abstract: This research was focused on Corporate Governance Codices and the possible applicability  to organizations of the mid-tier business sector. The reason behind conducting  this research was the demand on finding a sufficient management strategy  supporting the management level to deal with the high predisposition for insolvency  of most mid-tier companies. With reference to this demand the current situation and  challenges of such companies were deliberated. In the context of stock listed, public  held companies the key aspect of this demand already has been realized during the  1990s where it was responded with the introduction of international Codices for  Corporate Governance.  Within the theoretical framework to this Thesis the fundamentals and principal theories  of Corporate Governance were presented on basis of secondary data. To deepen  the understanding of the concept the main objectives of the Corporate Governance  activities were profoundly introduced. Furthermore, as this Thesis refers to the possible  applicability of Corporate Governance Codices also the structure and contents  of two actual Corporate Governance Codes of Conduct were demonstrated. Because  of the fact Corporate Governance Codices originally have been developed for corporations  listed on a stock exchange special attention has been paid on describing the  structural differences between listed and mid-tier companies.  In order to evaluate the possible transferability of Corporate Governance Codices to  organizations of the mid-tier business sector a deductive content analysis has been  conducted. This survey consisted of a theoretical as well as practical approach. The  theoretical approach was utilized to define the contents of a Corporate Governance  Code as applicable or not applicable for mid-tier companies. On basis of the results  from the theoretical approach the practical approach has surveyed the current extent  of application of the as applicable defined Code principles at the case company  Kraftanlagen München.  The results of the research have verified that the actual applicability of Corporate  Governance to mid-tier organizations is rather limited. Yet, throughout the research  process an important set of applicable minimum requirements have been identified.
Innovation strategies and performance in small firms
Starting a business from home : choosing a business, getting online, reaching your market and making a profit
Yield management in small and medium-sized enterprises in the tourist industry : executive summary
Finnish high-growth company boards : structures and processes
Continuing the diversity journey : business practices, perspectives and benefits
Breaking information barriers through information literacy : a longitudinal and interventional study among small-firm managers
Strategic behaviour and performance in internationalisation of SMEs
Internationalization of family small and medium sized enterprises : impact of ownership, governance and top management team
Essentials of entrepreneurship and small business management
Technology, ideology, water: from Frontinus to the Renaissance and beyond : papers from a conference at the Institutum Romanum Finlandiae, May 19-20, 2000
Reformists at work
Small business management
Creating new managerial concept to replace management sovieticus : managerial transition in Eastern Europe and in the former Soviet Union
Business in Action
Understanding the small business sector
Corporate governance in SMEs ; edited by Morten Huse, Hans Landström
Innovation, leadership, and entrepreneurship : a festschrift in honour of professor Martin Lindell on his 60th birthday
Effective small business management : an entrepreneurial approach
Strategies and management of internationalization and foreign operations
Middle management involvement in strategy and its association with organisational learning capability
Capitalism, class conflict and the new middle class
The middle manager role : a case study of expectations, norms, behavior and conflicts within the role
Managing the small business : insights and readings
Guidelines to advanced management
Management education for small and medium-sized enterprises in the European Community
Creativity and strategy in mid-sized firms
Fostering affective organizational engagement during radical strategic change
Summary.
Managing in the modern corporation : the intensification of managerial work in the USA, UK and Japan
Educational management : major themes in education. Volume 3, Educational leadership
Guide for business attire for middle management in Great Britain, Finland, India and China
The European handbook of management consultancy : strategic innovation - a European approach to management consultancy
A systemic framework for understanding owner-managers' managerial work
Entrepreneurial family firms
How to prepare a business plan
The truth about middle managers: who they are, how they work, why they matter
Management control in small and medium-sized enterprises : indirect control forms, control combinations and their effect on company performance
Starting and managing the small business
Managing complexity and change in SMEs : frontiers in European research
Middle-level practitioner's role and empowerment in strategy process and implementation
The objective of this thesis is to give guidance on business attire for middle management doing international business in Great Britain, Finland, China and India. The thesis concentrates on the IT (information technology) and advertising industries, and covers both daily office attire and more casual and formal situations (e.g. customer meetings). The aim is to find out whether there are expectations on the dress code depending on the gender, on the job level, company image and whether there are exceptions to the rules (e.g. casual Fridays).  In the theoretical part the author looks into the theories of various business cultures and etiquette, and the requirements and recommendations given on how to represent oneself in international business arena. The report also attempts to establish what is considered credible in the different cultures and fields of business examined.  The empirical research consists of questionnaires sent to various international organisations; questionnaire contains mainly quantitative questions, and some open-ended questions. The sampling was snow-ball sampling; about 10 companies and associations were contacted. The response rate was low. The questionnaire to subject experts and opinion leaders (consisting of 5 targetted respondents) in Finland included qualitative questions, but resulted in a response from one respondent.  The theory shows that even in the ever-changing world, first impressions matter, and should be considered when conducting business. The admittedly limited fieldwork does suggest that in practice these expectations are diminishing, and business stakeholders are not judged too harshly based on attire.
Management teams in managing succession : learning in the context of family-owned SMEs
Successful big business strategies for small firms : modern management methods which increase profitability
Contextuality in SME ownership : studies on owner-managers' ownership behavior
Perspectives on internationalization and international management
Corporate governance codices applied in the context of mid-tier organizations
Effective small business management
Psychological contract and organizational communication between university middle managers
Board contribution to value creation through innovation and entrepreneurial behavior : influencing the innovative posture of small and medium-sized firms in Finland
Entrepreneurship and innovations in E-business : : an integrative perspective
Yield management in small and medium-sized enterprises in the tourist industry : general report
Creating conditions for innovative and high-performing teams
