http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20737 clones
clones
Prophet. 5, Earth war
Genetic diversity of a clonal earthworm : gene expression variation and impacts on decomposition in metal contaminated soil
Prophet. 2 : Brothers
Plant breeding : principles and prospects
The Island
Clonal differences of aspen (Populus spp.) in responses to elevated ozone and soil nitrogen
On the steel breeze
Vegetation patterns in a cut-away peatland in relation to abiotic and biotic factors : a case study from the Šumava, Mts., Czech Republic
Can physiological and anatomical characters be used for selecting high yielding hybrid aspen clones
Abstract.
Prophet. 1 : Remission
Afterschool charisma. Vol 3
Prophet. 4 : Joining
F.E.A.R. files : complete stand-alone expansion pack series : Xbox 360
Clonal variation in Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris) and in transgenic silver birch (Betula pendula)
Belt three
The ghost brigades
Effect of low temperature on dry matter partitioning and yield of cassava clones
Sporal regeneration of bracken (Pteridium aquilinum (L.) Kuhn.) in Finland in the light of the dimensions and the age of its clones
Clonal variation in nutrient content in woody biomass of hybrid aspen (Populus tremula L. x P. tremuloides Michx.)
Old man's war
The house of the scorpion
Performing live with virtual musicians
Breeding tropical trees : population structure and genetic improvement strategies in clonal and seedling forestry : proceedings of a conference held in Pattaya, Thailand 28 November - 3 December 1988
Clonal forestry. 2, Conservation and application
Structure and some dimensional relations of six clones of Salix and one clone of Populus (trichocarpa x deltoides) from a clonal trial at Studsvik, Sweden
Screening of birch, Betula spp., for rust resistance Melampsoridium betulinum
Epicuticular vax structure of Norway spruce (Picea abies) needles in Estonia. Variability in naturally growing and cloned trees
Micropropagated silver birches (Betula pendula) in the field : performance and clonal differences
Afterschool charisma. Vol 2
When her best friend, Libby, misuses instant transportation technology to alter her appearance, seventeeen-year-old Clair is drawn into a shadowy world of conspiracies and cover-ups as she attempts to save Libby from the hidden consequences of her actions
Multiplication of hybrid aspen (Populus tremula L. x P. tremuloides Michx.) from cuttings
Wood quality components of hybrid aspen for paper making
Afterschool charisma. Vol 4
Marketing of forest reproductive material : the use of microsatellites for identification of registered tree clones in Finland
Selection of fast-growing willow (Salix spp.) clones for short-rotation forestry on mined peatlands in northern Finland
House of suns
Clone. [Volume 1] : [First generation]
Understanding cloning
Afterschool charisma. Vol 1
Clonal forestry. 1, Genetics and biotechnology
Crashland
Growth and nutrition of willow clones
Selection of species and clones for biomass willow forestry in Finland
Great North Road
Practical testing of Scots pine cutting propagation : a joint Metla-Skogforsk-Silava project
The snow queen
The real clone saga
Growth and phenology of hybrid aspen clones (Populus tremula L. x Populus tremuloides Michx.)
Avril Crump ... and her amazing clones
ESTABLISHMENT OF SHORT ROTATION WOODY CROP TRIALS IN ATLANTIC CANADA
Clonal growth in plants : regulation and function
Summary.
Effect of leaf nitrogen content on CO2 exchange in a number of Salix clones = Effekten av kväveinnehåll på CO2-utbytet hos ett antal salix kloner
Nitrogen fixation and biomass production in some alder clones : a greenhouse experiment
Selection of Salix myrsinifolia clones for biomass forestry in Finland
In a future where humans despise clones, Matt enjoys special status as the young clone of El Patron, the 142-year-old leader of a corrupt drug empire nestled between Mexico and the United States / WorldCat.
Performance of micropropagated plants of silver birch (Betula pendula) in a field trial
Molecular Genetics : reverse genetics, molecular cloning, biology, gene, molecule, genetics, molecular biology, population genetics, biological classification, molecular phylogenetics, gene mapping, genomic imprinting
The lord of opium
Prophet. 3 : Empire
Sexually asymmetric fertility selection and partial self-fertilization : 2. Clonal gametic contribution to the offspring of a Scots pine seed orchard
Seed mass growth in two Pinus sylvestris clones
The last colony
Crashland : a Twinmaker novel
Helsinki. Spoken in hushed tones, the word means almost certain death for the clones of Project Leda.
Variation in flowering abundance and its impact on the genetic diversity of the seed crop in a Norway spruce seed orchard
Biotechnology for beginners
The correlation between the size of Finnish bracken (Pteridium aquilinum (L.) Kuhn.) clones and certain periods of site history
Hollowgirl : a Twinmaker novel
Artemis Fowl and the lost colony
Responses of soil microbial communities to clonal variation of Norway spruce
DNA fingerprinting demonstrates extremely low levels of genetic variation among blackberry cultivars grown in Finland
Star wars : Blood ties : Jango and Boba Fett
