http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2077 villas
villas
The nature of authority : villa culture, landscape, and representation in eighteenth-century Lombardy
Villas and gardens in early modern Italy and France
The Florentine villa : architecture, history, society
Archangel : a novel
This study provides the first comprehensive analysis of the various 'villa' sites in the region of Rome in order to differentiate the various intentions that lay behind their construction over time. This includes an analysis of the coastal villas near Ostia, the estates in the Alban Hills, the socio-political function of Imperial residences and how each site can be used to understand the social climate of the hinterland beyond the capital up until the end of the 2nd Century AD, but there have also been some examples taken from a 3rd Century context as well, which have been used on a largely comparative basis. The main focus remains the development of villas around the capital into the first two centuries of the Roman principate. The author analyses the chief characteristics of the layout of central Italian villas of the élite, using specific case studies of villas that have been excavated and/or recorded outside the city of Rome. This analysis aims to uncover correlations between the literary definition of "suburbia", the identification of villas as 'suburban' - as opposed to rural or maritime.
The escape : a novel in five parts
This study explores Roman luxury villa architecture and the Roman luxury villa lifestyle to shed light on the villas' design as a dynamic process related to cultural, social, and environmental factors. Roman villas expressed a novel architectural language which was developed by designers appropriating the existing stylistic and thematic vocabularies of Hellenistic and Roman architecture. Zarmakoupi seeks to describe and explain the ways in which this architecture accommodated the lifestyle of educated leisure and an appreciation of the Roman landscape, and how, in doing so, it became a cultural phenomenon and a crucial element in the construction of Roman cultural identity. In their effort to accommodate the Greek style, Romans created something completely unprecedented in the history of architecture. Through an analysis of five villas from around the bay of Naples (c. 100 BCE - 79 CE), the volume shows that in designing for luxury, Romans developed a sophisticated interplay between architecture and landscape, an interplay which is still seen in architectural design today.
Kesämökit = Fritidshus = Free-time residences. 2002
We all need to be somewhere else, just for a little while. The cabin is that somewhere else. They allow us to get into a different state of mind, one where we can just have a good time. Four walls and a roof and a weekend--these getaways free us from the distracting and unessential, and put us back in touch with nature and our own inner peace. In cabins, we can savor solitude or share experiences with friends among mountains, rivers, woods, and wildlife. The Hinterland explores architecture and design approaches to creating the refuges that refresh and revitalize amidst the beauty of nature.
Vacation houses
Todo in Tuscany : a dog at the villa
Villas and gardens of Tuscany
Italian hideaways : discovering enchanting rooms and private villas
The cottage book
150 best cottage and cabin ideas
Kaari  kallion laella : Villa Ilo, Attu = Arc on the rock
Vacation and second homes : 258 designs for recreation, retirement and leisure living : 440 to 4,400 square feet
The ghost : a novel
Pompeian brothels, Pompeii's ancient history, mirrors and mysteries, art and nature at Oplontis, the Herculaneum "Basilica"
The Renaissance villa in Britain, 1500-1700
Sintra : a landscape with villas
Kesämökit = Fritidshus = Free-time residences. 2005
A book of secrets : illegitimate daughters, absent fathers
The forgotten room : a novel
The crow trap
One-family house systems 1966-1969
Casas internacional : nordic houses
Locus bonus / the relationship of the roman villa to its environment in the vicinity of Rome
The perfume garden
Silokallioiden sylissä : huvila Tuulentupa, Iitti = In the lap of smooth rocks
Kesämökit = Fritidshus = Free-time residences. 2004.
Italian villas and gardens
Kesämökit = Fritidshus = Free-time residences. 2003
Rome and the social role of élite villas in its suburbs
Wooden houses : from log cabins to beach houses
The best of today's log homes
Casa Malaparte : "Keskipäivän aaveen" näyttämö = Casa Malaparte : The setting of Le Mépris
Palaces of Rome
The dacha kingdom : summer dwellers and dwellings in the Baltic area
Small is beautiful : Erik Bryggman's villa architecture
The world of private islands
The villa of Hana and Edvard Beneš
Villa landscapes in the Roman North : economy, culture, and lifestyles
Rustic revisited : innovative design for cabin, camp and lodge
Dacha idylls : living organically in Russia's countryside
Rome and a villa
Small log homes : storybook plans & advice
The Corsican caper
Landscape and identity in early modern Rome : villa culture at Frascati in the Borghese era
Seaside interiors
Villa gardens on the Mediterranean  : from the archives of Country Life
Ilya Repin : in Penaty we were happy
Locus Bonus : the relationship of the Roman Villa to its environment in the vicinity of Rome
Private houses
Hideaways
Coastal living beach house style : designing spaces that bring the beach to you
The best gardens in Italy : a traveller's guide
Mediterranean modern
Opus con amore : The Villa Mairea and the culture of the home
100 maja : Eesti ekspositsioon 12. Veneetsia arhitektuuribiennaalil = 100 houses : estonian national exhibition at the 12th international architecture exhibition - la biennale di Venezia
The house by the sea
Finnish summer houses
In 1947 a young American woman named Eleanor Clark went to Rome on a Guggenheim fellowship to write a novel. But Rome had its way with her, the novel was abandoned, and what followed was not a novel but a series of sketches of Roman life written mostly between 1948 and 1951. This new edition of the essential classic Rome and a Villa includes an evocative introduction by the preeminent translator William Weaver, who was close friends with the author and often wandered the city with her during the years she was working on the book. Once in Rome, the foreign writer or artist, over the course of weeks, months, or years, begins to lose ambition, to lose a sense of urgency, to lose even a sense of self. What once seemed all-consuming is swallowed up by Rome itself; by the pace of life, by the fatalism of the Roman people, to whom everything and nothing matters, by the sheer historic weight and scale of the place. Rome is life itself - messy, random, anarchic, comical one moment, tragic the next, and above all, seductive. Clark pays special attention to Roman art and architecture. In the book's midsection she looks at Hadrian's Villa - an enormous, unfinished palace - as a meta-phor for the city itself: decaying, imperial, shabby, but capable of inducing an overwhelming dreaminess in its visitors.
The Georgian villa
Summer cottages
The hinterland : cabins, love shacks and other hide-outs
The beach house
This edited volume presents a synthesis of recent research on villas ans villa landscapes in the northern provinces of the Roman world. It offers an original, multi-dimensional perspective on social, economic and cultural functioning of villas within the context of the Roman empire. Themes discussed include the economic basis of villa dominated landscapes, rural slavery, town-country dynamics, the role of monumental burials in villa landscapes, and self-representation and lifestyle of villa owners. This study offers a major contribution to the comparative research of villa landscapes and the phenomenon of regionality in Roman rural landscapes.
Suunnikastalo Villa Q : kukkulan kuningas = king of the hill
Wooden houses from log cabins to beach houses
Summerfolk : a history of the Dacha, 1710-2000
Designing for luxury on the Bay of Naples : villas and landscapes (c. 100 BCE-79 CE)
The villas of Le Corbusier 1920-1930
My first murder
Living in the countryside = Vivre à la campagne
The villa : form and ideology of country houses
Modern California houses : case study houses 1945-1962
At the water's edge : summer escapes for easy living
Maria Kallio has just been assigned her first murder investigation. To prove to herself and her squad that she has what it takes to be a detective, she'll have to solve the death of Tommi Peltonen. Found floating facedown at the water's edge of his Helsinki villa, Tommi had invited his choir group to spend a weekend at his retreat. But beneath the choir's seemingly tight-knit bonds seethed bitter passion and jealousy. As Maria sets out to determine the difference between friends and foes, she uncovers the victim's unsavory past - and motives for all seven suspects. Now it's up to her to untangle a complex set of clues before the killer strikes again.
Opus con amore : the Villa Mairea and the culture of the home / Renja Suominen-Kokkonen
The renaissance from Brunelleschi to Michelangelo : the representation of architecture
Ararat, resettlement union holiday cottage Juva 1983-1985
Summer house settlements on the Karelian Isthmus as described in literature
Death in August : the first Inspector Bordelli mystery
