http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20759 employment rate
employment rate
Higher education and employment : the case of humanities and social sciences
Graduate employability in context : theory, research and debate
OECD/IMHE : supporting the contribution of higher education institutions to regional development : self-evaluation report of the Jyväskylä region in Finland
From higher education to employment = De l'enseignement supérieur a l'emploi. Vol. 3, Finland, France, Italy, Japan, Netherlands, Norway
The career potential of migrant scholaris in Finnish higher education : emerging perspectives and dynamics
Higher education research in Finland : emerging structures and contemporary issues
The Finnish Network for International Programmes (FINNIPS) joins the majority of the Finnish Universities of Applied Sciences (UAS) together in cooperation over the development of international education in Finland. The main task of the network is to arrange the entrance exams to the UASs’ English-taught degree programmes in a selection of countries outside Finland. However, along with the various development activities conducted within the network since its establishment at the end of 2009, the role of FINNIPS can be seen to stretch beyond the entry stage of studies. The network’s second publication is a cross-section of the various themes and on-going discussions that shape and affect the role and functions of international degree programmes in Finnish UASs. The topics regarding the quality and economic impact of education as well as the employment and social integration of the foreign higher education students are addressed in the articles of this publication. The wide array of themes dealt with in the articles contributes to the quest to acknowledge the various dimensions and effects of international education in Finland. Furthermore, the publication seeks to address the most topical questions and map the current challenges related to international UAS education and, at the same time, offer tools and accounts of best practices with regard to the further development of it.
The health, work ability and healthcare needs of Finnish female prisoners
Higher education and employment : the changing relationship : the case of the humanities and social sciences : a report prepared for OECD
Ageing report : overall assessment of the effects of ageing and the adequacy of preparation for demographic changes
From higher education to employment = De l'enseignement supérieur a l'emploi. Vol. 2, Canada, Denmark, Spain, United States
From higher education to employment = De l'enseignement supérieur a l'emploi. Volume 4, Portugal, United Kingdom, Sweden, Switzerland
From higher education to employment : synthesis report
Targets, models and policies : a quantitative approach to raising the EU employment rate
This book presents the analysis of the representative survey about the academic profession in twelve European countries. Higher education in Europe has experienced a substantial change in recent years: Expansion progresses further, the expectation to deliver useful contributions of knowledge to the “knowledge society” is on the rise, and efforts to steer academic work through external forces and strong international management are more widespread than ever. Representative surveys of the academic profession in twelve European countries show how professors and junior staff at universities and other institutions of higher education view the role of higher education in society and their professional situation and how they actually shape their professional tasks. Academics differ across Europe substantially in their employment and working conditions, their views and their activities. Most of them favour the preservation of a close link between teaching and research and feel responsible for both theory and practice. Most consider efforts to enhance academic quality and social relevance as compatible. The overall satisfaction with their professional situation is rather high. --Publisher's description.
Higher education and corporate realities : class, culture and the decline of graduate careers
Exploring the impact and full potential of international education : questions of competitiveness, employment and integration
This book explores the highly significant and contested area of graduate employability and employment which is paid so much attention by those in the media and policy-makers. This is driven largely by concerns over the wider economic impact and value of graduates as increasing numbers complete their studies in higher education. At a time when graduates are seen as key to economic success, the critical question remains as to how their employability plays out in a changing labour market. This book brings together innovative approaches and research to present an extensive survey of the field. It provides insight on what is a complex and often elusive social and economic problem, ranging from how graduate employability is constructed as an economic and policy agenda to explorations of how graduates manage the transition from higher education to paid employment and finally to suggest future directions for curricula, policy and research.
The work situation of the academic profession in Europe : findings of a survey in twelve countries
The career potential of migrant scholars in Finnish higher education : emerging perspectives and dynamics
The Bologna Process in higher education in Europe : key indicators on the social dimension and mobility
The Finnish Network for International Programmes (FINNIPS) joins the majority of the Finnish Universities of Applied Sciences (UAS) and their English-taught degree programmes together in cooperation on entrance examinations and in broader terms, on development of international education in Finland. The network’s second publication is a cross-section of the various themes and on-going discussions that shape and affect the role and functions of international degree programmes in Finnish UASs. The topics regarding the quality and economic impact of education as well as the employment and social integration of the foreign higher education students are addressed from various angles in the articles. Overall, the publication seeks to address the most topical questions and map the current challenges related to international UAS education and, at the same time, offer tools and accounts of best practices with regard to the further development of it.
Employability and mobility of bachelor graduates in Europe : key results of the Bologna Process
Higher education beyond job creation : universities, citizenship, and community
In Higher Education beyond Job Creation, Thomas A. Bryer identifies the historical trends, current challenges, and future possibilities for higher education institutions to play an active and measurable role in strengthening communities and citizens. Through mini and extended case studies and carefully designed recommendations for institutional change, this book is a resource for policymakers, higher education administrators, and scholars concerned about the future of the institution and its role in society.
Education-jobs gap : underemployment or economic democracy
Effectiveness of adult education : historical and evaluative studies in Finland
Economic abundance : an introduction
