http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20769 violence (traits)
violence (traits)
Maresi : the Red Abbey chronicles
Abstract.
Serial murder and the psychology of violent crimes
Education and masculinities : social, cultural and global transformations
That neither nature nor nurture bears exclusive responsibility for a child's character is self-evident. But such generalizations provide cold comfort when it's your own son who's just opened fire on his fellow students and whose class photograph--with its unseemly grin--is blown up on the national news. The question of who's to blame for teenage atrocity tortures our narrator, Eva Khatchadourian. Two years ago, her son, Kevin, murdered seven of his fellow high-school students, a cafeteria worker, and a popular algebra teacher. Because he was only fifteen at the time of the killings, he received a lenient sentence and is now in a prison for young offenders in upstate New York. Telling the story of Kevin's upbringing, Eva addresses herself to her estranged husband through a series of letters. Fearing that her own shortcomings may have shaped what her son has become, she confesses to a deep, long-standing ambivalence about both motherhood in general and Kevin in particular. How much is her fault? We Need to Talk About Kevin offers no pat explanations for why so many white, well-to-do adolescents--whether in Pearl, Paducah, Springfield, or Littleton--have gone nihilistically off the rails while growing up in suburban comfort. Instead, Lionel Shriver tells a compelling, absorbing, and resonant story while framing these horrifying tableaux of teenage carnage as metaphors for the larger tragedy--the tragedy of a country where everything works, nobody starves, and anything can be bought but a sense of purpose.
War - what is it good for? : the role of conflict in civilisation, from primates to robots
"We've all asked, "What is the world coming to?" But we seldom ask, "How bad was the world in the past?" In this book, the author, a cognitive scientist shows that the past was much worse; and that we may be living in the most peaceable era in our species' existence. Evidence of a bloody history has always been around us: genocides in the Old Testament, gory mutilations in Shakespeare and Grimm, monarchs who beheaded their relatives, and American founders who dueled with their rivals; the nonchalant treatment in popular culture of wife-beating, child abuse, and the extermination of native peoples. The murder rate in medieval Europe was more than thirty times what it is today. Slavery, sadistic punishments, and frivolous executions were common features of life for millennia, then were suddenly abolished. How could this have happened, if human nature has not changed? The author argues that thanks to the spread of government, literacy, trade, and cosmopolitanism, we increasingly control our impulses, empathize with others, bargain rather than plunder, debunk toxic ideologies, and deploy our powers of reason to reduce the temptations of violence. -- (From publisher description)
The anatomy of violence : the biological roots of crime
Performing violence : literary and theatrical experiments of new Russian drama
Handbook of workplace violence
Predictors of violent reconvictions and mortality among impulsive alcoholic violent offenders : a prospective study
Beyond the veil of tears
The vision of Escaflowne. Vol. 6
The man with the iron fists. 2
Altamont : the Rolling Stones, the Hells Angels, and the inside story of rock's darkest day
The better angels of our nature : why violence has declined
Behavioral Threat Management: Prevention of Severe Targeted Violence in Educational Institutions
The vision of Escaflowne. Vol. 8
The Last Four Things
Dark side of the tune : popular music and violence
Been a heavy life : stories of violent men
War! : what is it good for? : the role of conflict in civilization, from primates to robots
The vision of Escaflowne. Vol. 5
Violence and new religious movements
The dinner
For generations of migrant workers, Imperial County--the California desert region where the U.S. borders Mexico--has held the promise of paradise and the reality of hell. Award-winning writer Vollmann takes readers deep into the heart of this haunted region.
The last four things
A man of genius
The blade artist
The life and death of images : ethics and aesthetics
Gender and interpersonal violence : language, action and representation
Risk markers for sexual victimization and predation in prison
The better angels of our nature : the decline of violence in history and its causes
Acting out : understanding and reducing aggressive behaviour in children and youth
The left hand of God
We need to talk about Kevin
The vision of Escaflowne. Vol. 7
Wounding the world : how military violence and war-play invade our lives
Epidemiological study on trends and characteristics of suicide among children and adolescents in Finland
"What motivates violence? How can good and compassionate people hurt and kill others, or themselves? Why are people much more likely to kill or assault people they know well, rather than strangers? This provocative and radical book shows that people mostly commit violence because they genuinely feel that it is the morally right thing to do. In perpetrators' minds, violence may be the morally necessary and proper way to regulate social relationships according to cultural precepts, precedents and prototypes. These moral motivations apply equally to the violence of the heroes of the Iliad, to parents smacking their child, and many modern murders and everyday acts of violence. Virtuous Violence presents a wide-ranging exploration of violence across different cultures and historical eras, demonstrating how people feel obligated to violently create, sustain, end, and honor social relationships in order to make them right, according to morally motivated cultural ideals"--
The vision of Escaflowne. Vol. 4
Handbook on the psychology of violence
Aggression and dangerousness
Adolescents' expression of aggression within and outside of a friendship context : moderating role of friendship quality and friend's aggressiveness
The better angels of our nature : a history of violence and humanity
Violence in the bar-room : a comparative study between Germany and Finland
Understanding violence
Towards a cohesive society : action plan to prevent violent extremism
The werewolf complex : America's fascination with violence
The barbarisation of warfare
The facts about alcohol, aggression and adolescence
The vision of Escaflowne. Vol. 2
Quest for excitement : sport and leisure in the civilizing process
Assessing Psychosis: A Clinician's Guide offers both a practical guide and rich clinical resource for a broad audience of mental-health practitioners seeking to sharpen their understanding of diagnostic issues, clinical concepts, and assessment methods that aid in detecting the presence of psychotic phenomena. Practicing psychiatrists, psychologists, social workers, and psychiatric nurses will find this a valuable resource for clinical practice, training, and teaching purposes.
Truth, justice, and the American way : the popular geopolitics of American identity in contemporary superhero comics
Smoke and mirrors : the hidden context of violence in schools and society
Violence in late antiquity : perceptions and practices
Conduct disorder among girls : violent behaviour, suicidality and comorbidity : a study of adolescent inpatients in Northern Finland
Animosity, the Bible, and us : some European, North American, and South African perspectives
Assessing psychosis : a clinician's guide
Positions constructed for a female therapist in male batterers' treatment groups
The link between animal abuse and human violence
The company man
Cognition, metacognition and the patient perspective : new ways to evaluate and rehabilitate schizophrenia patients in forensic psychiatric care
Mothers, monsters, whores : women's violence in global politics
Film violence : history, ideology, genre
Ghosting
"This compilation of original essays does more than just illuminate the serious problem of teen violence and victimization; it also provides resources that parents and teachers can use to address issues of violence with their teens and make a difference."--
Today we may be living in the most peaceful time in human existence. The ceaseless news about war, crime, and terrorism makes it seem as if the world is getting bloodier. But in this book the author shows that violence has in fact declined over long stretches of history. How has this happened? Here the author examines the inner demons that incline us toward violence and the better angels that pull us away, and shows how changes in ideas and practices have allowed our better angels to prevail. In the process he explodes many myths about violence and presents a new defense of modernity and enlightenment. This exploration of human nature blends psychology and history to provide a picture of humanity's gradual conquest of violence.
The gift of fear : survival signals that protect us from violence
Control of violence : historical and international perspectives on violence in modern societies
Studying human behavior : how scientists investigate aggression and sexuality
The psychology of teen violence and victimization. Volume 1-2
Dyslexia and risk of future violence in forensic psychiatric patients
A woman did that? The general reaction to women's political violence is still one of shock and incomprehension. Mothers, Monsters, Whores provides an empirical study of women's violence in global politics. The book looks at military women who engage in torture; the Chechen 'Black Widows'; Middle Eastern suicide bombers; and the women who directed and participated in genocides in Bosnia and Rwanda. Sjoberg & Gentry analyse the biological, psychological and sexualized stereotypes through which these women are conventionally depicted, arguing that these are rooted in assumptions about what is 'appropriate' female behaviour. What these stereotypes have in common is that they all perceive women as having no agency in any sphere of life, from everyday choices to global political events. This book is a major feminist re-evaluation of women's motivations and actions as perpetrators of political violence.
Finnish homicides and mental disorders : an investigation of offense and offender characteristics
Routledge handbook of deviant behavior
Psychosocial adjustment problems : individual and acculturation differences
Psychiatric symptoms and their recognition in adolescents institutionalized for behavior problems
The vision of Escaflowne. Vol. 1
Studies on the validity and reliability of the Structured Assessment of Violence Risk in Youth (SAVRY) in Finnish institutional settings
Virtuous violence : hurting and killing to create, sustain, end, and honor social relationships : the social-relational, moral motivational psychology, cultural anthropology and history of war, torture, genocide, animal and human sacrifice, obedience to gods, religious self-torture, homicide, robbery, intimate partner conflict, rape, suicide and self-harm, corporal and capital punishment, trial by ordeal and combat, policing, initiation, castration, fighting for status, contact sports and martial arts, honor, the Iliad and the Troyan War, injurious mortuary rites, and homicidal mourning
On aggression and violence : an analytic perspective
Aggression : its causes, consequences, and control
Stop teaching our kids to kill : a call to action against TV, movie & video game violence
Abused men : the hidden side of domestic violence
May we be forgiven
Alpha god : the psychology of religious violence and oppression
The psychology of genocide, massacres, and extreme violence : why "normal" people come to commit atrocities
The electric mirror: politics in an age of television
The vision of Escaflowne. Vol. 3
Interaction and therapeutic interventions in treatment groups for intimately violent men
Homophobias : lust and loathing across time and space
