http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20716 crime journalists
crime journalists crime reporters
The jazz files : Poppy Denby investigates
Recipes for love and murder : a Tannie Maria mystery
The axe factor
Binding ties : a novel
Bleeding hearts
The dark inside
The girl in the spider's web
The girl who kicked the hornets' nest
The mine
Season of the witch
The girl who kicked the hornet's nest
Bad things happen
Midnight in the garden of good and evil
The cinderella murder
The skeleton man : [a Philip Dryden mystery]
Death is now my neighbour
Smoke screen
The paperboy
The girl who played with fire
Driving heat
Nothing but trouble
A beautiful model's death uncovers an ugly conspiracy stretching all the way to Westminster in Rosie Gilmour's darkest case to date. When rags-to-riches Scots supermodel Bella Mason plunges to her death from the roof of a glitzy Madrid hotel, everyone assumes it was suicide. Except that one person saw exactly what happened to Bella that night, and she definitely didn't jump. But Millie Chambers has no one she can tell - alcoholic, depressed herself and now sectioned by her bullying politician husband, who would believe her? And that's not all Millie knows. Being close to the heart of Westminster power can lead to discovering some awful secrets... Back in Glasgow, Rosie's research into Bella's life leads to her brother, separated from her in care years before. Dan is now a homeless heroin addict and rent boy, but what he reveals about Bella's early life is electrifying: organised sexual abuse in care homes across Glasgow. Bella had tracked him down so that they could tell the world their story. And now she's dead. As Rosie's drive to expose the truth leads her closer to Millie and the shameful secrets she has kept for so many years, it becomes clear that what she's about to discover could prove fatal: a web of sexual abuse linking powerful figures across the nation, and the rot at the very heart of the British Establishment...
The Cinderella murder
The high school conspiracy
The echo
The double silence
Dance of death
The last juror
"When your Monday morning begins with a dead dog at four a.m. and ends with a dead boss by ten, you know it's going to be one of those days. And breakfast TV reporter Cora Baxter has already had the weekend from hell, after the man she was planning a fabulous future with unceremoniously dumped her. Now Cora's much-hated boss has been murdered, and Cora is assigned to cover the story for the breakfast show - but as the murder enquiry continues, the trail of suspects leads frighteningly close to home. Why is Cora's arch-rival, glamorous, bitchy newsreader Alice Lomas, so devastated by their boss's death? What dark secret is one of her camera crew hiding? And why has her now-ex-boyfriend vanished? The race to stop the killer striking again is on"--Publisher's description.
The black box
The night of the gun : a reporter investigates the darkest story of his life, his own
The girl with the dragon tattoo
Vanished
The dead hour
The gates of Evangeline
Raging heat
Sweetheart
The last breath
The healer
Nightcrawler
The informant
The cinderella murder : an under suspicion novel
The deadline
The cantaloupe thief : a Branigan Powers mystery
Caught
The dead dog day
The naming of the dead
Crime beat : true stories of cops and killers
The field of blood
Kill me twice
Broken sword 5 : the serpent's curse : PlayStation 4
