http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20756 rental housing
rental housing
Peasant petitions : social relations and economic life on landed estates, 1600-1850
How to popularize radicality
Past and present stereotypes : ethnological, anthropological perspectives : (papers of the 10th Finnish-Hungarian Ethnological Symposium, Budapest-Dobogókő, Budapest, August 31 - September 4, 2009)
How the other half lives : studies among the tenements of New York
The tenement landlord
This sixth edition of Ed Kelley's popular best-seller is a practical guide to what's new in apartment management. The text has been completely revised to reflect the extensive changes that have occurred in the apartment industry over the past five years. Mr. Kelley has been a forerunner in the apartment management industry for many years, and he continues to pioneer new techniques and approaches for the benefit of property owners and managers everywhere. His how-to, hands-on guide covers the basics of ownership, management, and insurance, as well as advanced solutions for marketing, leasing, and tracking residents of rental properties. A few of the many updated topics in this edition include: Extra features in new apartment layouts and amenity packages, Innovative techniques for tracking residents and minimizing turnover, Hiring and managing property staff, Establishing policies to guide property operations, Leasing policies, the rental application process, and the lease document, Developing strategies for maximizing rent collections, Property maintenance, upgrading, and renovations, How to gain the most from Internet marketing, Setting and adjusting rents Implementing budgeting and planning strategies, Attracting prospects and curb appeal. Practical Apartment Management is a time-tested, comprehensive guide to apartment management written by a recognized expert in the field. This edition is a must-read for everyone who manages apartments.
"This book examines the structures and texture of rural social relationships, using one type of document found in abundance over all the four component parts of Britain and Ireland: petitions from tenants to their landlords. Exploring the authorship, form, and style of more than 2,000 petitions as well as their content, and looking at variations in petitioning as a communication strategy, it uses requests for help to understand the diverse material and social lives of those who worked the land in an era of profound change. Ranging over the many practices of lordship and estate management, the book offers unexpected angles on many aspects of society and economy on estates in north-west England, the Highland margin of Scotland, the north of Ireland, and Wales. Broad in geographical and chronological scope, it integrates, compares, and contrasts the experience of the rural population in different parts of the British Isles. Primarily social and cultural in focus, it also extends understandings of local, regional, and national histories. "--
