http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20707 human experimentation
human experimentation human subject research human scientific studies
Naoki Urasawa's monster. Vol. 4, Ayse's friend
The mad science book : 100 amazing experiments from the history of science
I am Pilgrim : a thriller
Chimpanzees : a laboratory colony
War of the dead : Stone`s war
Naoki Urasawa's monster. Vol. 5, After the carnival
Stiff : the curious lives of human cadavers
Naoki Urasawa's monster. Vol. 1, Herr dr. Tenma
Obedience to authority : an experimental view
Naoki Urasawa's Monster. Volume 6 : The secret woods
Dorohedoro. 01
Wolf by wolf
Dorohedoro. 02
The Passage
Weighing animal lives : a critical assessment of justification and prioritization in animal-rights theories
The island of doctor Moreau
Naoki Urasawa's monster. Vol. 6, The secret woods
The nutty professor
Biomedical technology and human rights
Naoki Urasawa's monster. Vol. 9, A nameless monster
Medical apartheid : the dark history of medical experimentation on Black Americans from colonial times to the present
Karl Brandt : the Nazi doctor : medicine and power in the Third Reich
Liability for and insurability of biomedical research with human subjects in a comparative perspective
Electrified sheep and other bizarre experiments
Naoki Urasawa's Monster. Volume 2 : Surprise party
By the light of the moon
The Oxford textbook of clinical research ethics
A security breach at a secret U.S. government facility unleashes the monstrous product of a chilling military experiment that only six-year-old orphan Amy Harper Bellafonte can stop.
Naoki Urasawa's monster. Vol. 7, Richard
Glasshouse
The passage
Secret weapons : technology, science and the race to win World War II
Breaking the silence
The passage : a novel
Man walks into a room : a novel
Racists
Naoki Urasawa's Monster. Volume 4 : Ayse's friend
Naoki Urasawa's Monster. Volume 8 : My nameless hero
Naoki Urasawa's Monster. Volume 9 : A nameless monster
Naoki Urasawa's Monster. Volume 5 : After the carnival
Dark City
Amped
Naoki Urasawa's Monster. Volume 7 : Richard
Kennedy's brain
Advances in genetics
Apinoiden planeetta = Planet of the apes
The National Bioethics Advisory Commission : contributing to public policy
Elephants on acid and other bizarre experiments
The fantastic laboratory of Dr. Weigl : how two brave scientists battled typhus and sabotaged the Nazis
The simple truth
Genetic fix
Naoki Urasawa's monster. Vol. 8, My nameless hero
Charly
Fractured
"Samson Greene has been missing or eight days when he is discovered wandering through the Nevada desert, 'ragged as a crow' and with on idea who he is. He is rushed to hospital where doctors save his life, but all his memories after the age of twelve have been permanently lost. Now, as he looks around the beautiful apartment he apparently shares with his wife and which is filled with all the souvenirs of a life well lived, Samson feels nothing more than a vague admiration. In her first novel Nicole Krauss tells the story of a man suddenly liberated from the life he has made, disconnected from the people who have defined him. Withdrawing from a wife he has no memory of loving, Samson plunges weightless into the future. But when he agrees to participate in a revolutionary experiment, what he gains is nothing short of the revelation of what it is to be a human being." -- (Back Cover)
