http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20743 information and communications technology
information and communications technology ICT
Managing growth in women-led ICT-companies : transforming technology into business
Strategic objectives in cross-border acquisitions on the Russian market : the case of a Finnish ICT company
ICT–enabled business transformation : effects on developing future project competencies
The associations between ICT and media use, alcohol consumption and loneliness among Finnish adolescents
Enhancing the usability and availability of information infrastructure essential for securing the vital functions of society : final report
Information society of Vietnam : current state and perspective
The thesis focuses on new product development (NPD) of ICT services. NPD is a well researched field. However, its background in production of manufactured goods leaves a gap in terms of how the theories fit to the NPD of services. The thesis investigates the use of NPD in the context of ICT services. The thesis provides the design rationale for the development work done in TietoEnator Processing and Network Oy, which further developed the Concorde NPD model stage-gate approach and Develop-stage of the model. The model was described as a process, which enabled clarifying inputs, outputs, activities, tools and roles. The thesis uses theories and methods from NPD management, service management, process management and knowledge management to build a theoretical framework for NPD of ICT services. These are categorized to conceptual, utilitarian and strategic core theories and applied to support the Concorde NPD model and a related maturity model. While the diverse theoretical background creates a vast landscape of options, current state analysis is used to find the main focus areas. The maturity model is build to describe relationships of model development areas as well as to the larger issue of product lifecycle management (PLM). The thesis work is based on constructive research. The main interest was solving a managerial problem (i.e. how to further develop Concorde NPD model manageability) through development of a construct (the NPD process model and supporting material) by using empirical analysis (through active observation through participation to NPD projects, interviews and existing documentation review) and theoretical analysis (through NPD and related theory review). The construct was validated based on review rounds of material and interviews. The thesis uses academic and trade books as well as articles as background for the theoretical part of the constructive research. Empirical part was based on available documentation of the Concorde model, a set of interviews of NPD workers and people working on related area in other TietoEnator business areas (i.e. strategic business units) beyond TietoEnator Oy and active observation based on participation to NPD projects. The main output of the development work was a  revised NPD approach, which was process driven and contained linkages to the larger frame of PLM and to the maturity model. The maturity model indicates that while initial improvement efforts in NPD alone are possible, in the long term NPD improvement is limited unless PLM is driven as a process. The current Concorde-model processes supports only a subset of PLM. While many of the areas of NPD can be improved, with the current situation in TE PN Oy, with the transfer of work to low-cost countries and customer-oriented strategy, there seems to be a lack a direct imperative for NPD approach development. Therefore, the prioritization between different business development efforts and clear communication of these priorities needs to be strengthened if more rapid NPD improvement is to be achieved.
Impact of ICT on SMEs : case Rwanda
OPTIMIZING OWNED MEDIA IN A BUSINESS-TO-BUSINESS ICT COMPANY : Case Company: TMA Solutions, Vietnam
Four in balance monitor 2007 : ICT in education in the Netherlands
The main task for most development-intensive organisations is to create, develop and commercialise new products and services. The technology push (TP) concept is considered an important competitive advantage for companies trying to create breakthrough products. Because development processes are risky and failure rates are high, especially in the case of technology pushed projects, defined success factors are valuable knowledge for the management of development-intensive firms.The prime objective of this study is to present a compact set of TP project success factors in an information and communication technology (ICT) context. Because the literature on new product development and innovation has presented many success factors for developed products, but has done so in a way that presents the factors as having a nebulous nature, the specification of TP success factors is also presented. The success factors are also empirically validated. The goal of the validation was to determine the relevance of the success factors introduced, and potentially define new ones. The validation was performed through an empirical study with semi-structured company interviews.As a result of this study we concluded that one success factor defined through the literature review should be removed due to a lack of relevance, that the other twelve success factors were validated, and three new success factors were identified during the empirical study. Eventually fifteen TP success factors are defined and presented.The practical relevance of this study is to help firm management to recognise the real actions needed to reduce product development risks. The theoretical relevance is in helping scholars to focus on key issues when studying the key factors of breakthrough development cases.
Doing gender differently : tales of terror and joy within the Finnish ICT-business
Educational development : through information and communications technology
INFORMATION SOCIETY OF VIETNAM: CURRENT STATE AND PERSPECTIVE
The effect of EU Digital Agenda on the ICT sector in Finland
Proceedings of the ... Conference of Open Innovations Association FRUCT
Technological improvement and changes in the global economy are increasing the geographically distributed work in different work areas. Work is coming out of the cubicles to different locations without borders and is depending more on information technology to enable its coordination. Success of distributed work is revealed as working force becomes flexible, innovative, and highly productive. This thesis investigates the coordination of distributed work and how ICT has been developed to improve the efficiency of work from different locations. It also provides new perspectives on current researches and highlights the key issues that require further investigation. How collaboration has progressed from physical to virtual setting is explained by using available literature. It also provides suggestions for betterment of distributed work implementation. The goal is to develop deeper understanding of changing work environment, and role of information communication technology in distributed work. This thesis takes a multidisciplinary approach to study distributed work and organizations, challenges existing in distributed work, and ways to make distributed work more effective. Moreover, this thesis emphasizes on theories of overcoming challenges and finds solutions which are obstacles for its success. It also highlights the increasing demand of knowledge workers, and ways how to create knowledge, share knowledge and use the knowledge for the future. All in all, distributed work is explained as a work style exercising new ways of managing organizations by integrating capabilities, skills, knowledge, and competency of working force. It concludes by offering possible solutions for the problems that could be faced on implementing distributed work.
Development proposal for partnership management practices in the ICT company : case: Nokia Siemens Networks
Crossing boundaries for learning : through technology and human efforts
Ozi ́s Bed and Breakfast : a case of translation
E-Business in Nigeria:  A Study of the Challenges Confronting Customers
Red Wired : China's Internet revolution
Consumption, youth and new media : ‡b the debate on social issues in Brazil
Why information systems and software engineering students enter and leave their study programme : a factor model and process theory
Information and communication technology use by reproductive health workers in Nigeria : state of the art, issues, and challenges
A Finnish anti-bullying framework and its capability in a developing country
Using/designing digital technologies of representation in aboriginal Australian knowledge practices
Bita'13 : Proceedings of Seminar on Current Topics in Business, Information Technology and Analytics
The advent of open source democracy and wikipolitics : challenges, threats and opportunities for democratic discourse
The digitalisation of social representations : the influence of the evolution of communication technology on the development of shared ideas
Senior executives commitment into security approach : from motivation to responsibility
ICT for all : technology supporting an inclusive world
The Competitiveness of Tampere Central Region in  Localization Decisions of ICT Companies
Multitasking-Impact of ICT on learning
Finnish ICT companies’ international operation modes during their global expansion
CIO decision making : issues and a process view
Benedict : benchmarking European development cooperation (via) ICT
Innovating with information technology in a globalized world : being proactive about culture
Summary.
The Comission shapes the Internet : a study of the European Comission's proposals for directives and their impact on Internet rights and Internet governance in the European Union
eHealth of Finland : check point 2006
Managing mobility in an always-best-connected IP network
Marketing plan for Webscape Oy
The development, implementation and use of e-learning : critical realism and design science perspectives
Users' information systems (IS) security behavior in different contexts
The impact of E-HR on the roles and competencies of HR
The use of ICT in the teaching and learning process in secondary schools : a case study of two Cameroonian schools
Evolution of wireless access provisioning : understanding and managing value system structures and dynamics
Experiences from building an information security e-learning environment for industry
The reflective dancer : ICT support for practical training
Benedict : Benchmarking European development cooperation (via) ICT
The importance of the free flow of information and knowledge
The teacher as interface : teachers of EFL in ICT-rich environments : beliefs, practices, appropriation
Managing sustainable e-community centers : workshop proceedings
Mobility management in wireless networks
GIGA - converging networks programme 2005-2010 : final report
Strategic processes and turning points in ICT business : case Nokia
From problems to critical success factors of enterprise architecture adoption
ICT in Chilean schools : students' and teachers' access to and use of ICT
Brilliant ideas for using ICT in the inclusive classroom
The role of ICT and high-growth firms : micro-level evidence on job creation and productivity growth
Looking at the nature of ideas through new lenses
The problems of professionals
Essays on information and communications technology, structural change, and economic growth
Expanding possibilities : project work using ICT
The future of media in a networked world / : European Commission, Information Society and Media
ICT in education : reflections and perspectives
ICT in education : EFL teacher trainees' views of the affordances of ICT use in education and the need for ICT training in teacher education programmes in Finnish universities
Tools to identify and integrate processes and information flows in tourism SME supply networks
Mobile augmented teleguidance-based safety navigation concept for senior citizens
Clustering method for data having outliers and clusters with varying sizes and densities
Properties of media literacy and the integration of information and communication technology in education
Information and communication technologies for African development : an assessment of progress and challenges ahead
Exploring the use of an automated learning environment to enhance information security awareness in a small company
Information society and education : linking European policies
ICT disparities in Finland : access and implications
Cultural tourism goes virtual : audience development in Southeast European countries
Mobile Phone Programming : Piano Player Game
Individuals' use of e-mail communication genres in open source software community building
ICT outsourcing and corporate strategy : case: Finnish banking industry
Experiences of higher education development with CDIO initiative
This bachelor's thesis was commissioned by Sonera, which is one of Finland's leading telecommunications companies. The purpose of this study was to find out whether the sales model of Sonera Store is consistently implemented in practice in the desired way and to offer proposals for improving the existing sales model. Furthermore, the motivational incentives of the sales agents and the role of the sales management as a motivating factor were examined.    The data for this case study research were collected by observing the sales agents in customer service and sales encounters as well as with the help of semi-structured face-to-face interviews. Combining two different qualitative data collection methods offered a deeper understanding of the researchable topics and enabled the comparison between what was said in the interviews and what was put into action in reality. The interview was carried out with ten different sales agents from three different Sonera Stores. In the observations, five sales agents were studied in thirteen different customer encounters.    The study revealed that not all steps of the sales model are implemented in the way the sales agents are instructed. The omission of certain procedures was explained mainly with the lack of motivation caused by the disbelief that implementing them would offer any additional value to the sales agents or customers, or would have any positive impact on the sales. The study pointed out that the mindset of the sales agents is desirably sales-oriented and that the hindering sticking points are mostly explained by technical and other matters over which the sales agents have no control. In addition, it was found out that motivational factors are experienced very differently. In general, however, the study showed that the most improvement possibilities are in the current bonus model and sales training.    The findings of this study indicate that the sales model is not fully implemented in the intended way and that there is room for improvement in the incentive system and sales training. Implementing these and other improvement suggestions presented in the thesis is believed to have an enhancing effect on the motivation and overall performance of the sales agents. Notably more research should be carried out in other Sonera Stores of Finland in order to gain a more reliable understanding of the topic. Furthermore, the viewpoint of the customers and the sales management is left out, which calls for further research in the future.    Key words: sales, sales model, personal selling, sales management, customer service, employee motivation, case study.
Crisis information management : communication and technologies
A methodology for the adoptation of information systems in least developed countries (LDCs) : case study Ethiopia
Improving the existing sales model : case: Sonera Store
A strategy for ICT R&D and innovation in Europe : raising the game : communication from the Commission to the European Parliament, the Council, the European Economic and Social Committee and the Committee of the Regions, (SEC(2009) 289)
Finland's strategy for intelligent transport : [rapporteur's proposal]
Legislative techniques and ICT : in the wake of law keeping pace with technology
Ethical Issues on eHealth
Use of information and communication technology in supply chain management : A multiple case study from forest sector companies in northwest Russia
Global health informatics : how information technology can change our lives in a globalized world
Constructing an ICT-risk framework
E-learning and communication in teachers' training project: case: ADAPTYKES project
Peace IT! : using ICTs to prevent, manage and resolve crises
ICT in Finnish initial teacher education : country report for the OECD/CERI New Millennium Learners project ICT in Initial Teacher Training
"Islands of innovation" and "school-wide implementations" : two patterns of ICT-based pedagogical innovations in schools
Info screens as instruments for value co-creation : case: vehicle inspection industry
Social work in digital transfer : blending services for the next generation
The development of information and communication technology : an empirical study
How general are general purpose technologies? : evidence from nano-, bio- and ICT-technologies in Finland
Current status and upcoming needs in SME's in Northern regions of Finland, Norway and Sweden : technologies, personnel, market and ICT in the business process
Improving product development process through verification and validation
Business intelligence applied : implementing an effective information and communications technology infrastructure
The most important needs to start the use of ICT in the health promotion and care in Zambia
Boundaries, believers and bodies : a cultural analysis of a multidisciplinary research community
Growth of ICT and how it has enhanced business and productivity in Kenya
Mobile lives : self, excess and nature
Business Modelling for ICT based services targeted to Intellectually Disabled People
Analyzing the influence of diffusion of innovation attributes on lecturers' attitude towards information and communication technologies
High level seminar on e-governance 5-6 May 2007, Kathmandu, Nepal
Information and communication technology outsourcing
The myths of technology : innovation and inequality
The thesis aims to reveal the strategic objectives of Finnish ICT company X in the cross-border acquisition of Y - a Russian ICT services provider. This study attempts to conclude a comprehensive pre-acquisition research and thereby contribute to the accomplishment of acquisition objectives. Why should company X acquire company Y? The author approaches this question from the acquirer's perspective and identifies X's major motives for entering in the M&A transaction. In the theoretical research the author reviews the existing literature on the topic and identifies the major taxonomies of acquisition drivers. The theoretical perspectives adopted by scholars to explain the phenomenon of corporate M&A are also examined and highlighted. Next, building on previously discussed theories, the author proposes his own model of feasibility conditions under which the various drivers for M&A transactions would operate. Finally, the model is employed for the case acquisition analysis. The empirical research is based upon the qualitative research method. In the course of interviews with X's management the author tests the proposed model of M&A motives in relation to the case transaction. This is followed by the discussion of the opportunities which make the acquisition of Y feasible, the emerging constraints, and the academic theories which best explain the case in point. The most important strategic objectives of X cross-border acquisition on the Russian market include a number of synergetic gains such as diversification, vertical integration benefits and operational synergies. Evidence has been found to support the connections between the case acquisition's motives and the efficiency theory of mergers.
Information and communication technology and (good) governance : implications for organizational structure, public participation, and cultural responsiveness. The cases of Guyana, Kenya, Philippines, U.S.A and Estonia
The challenges and opportunities of human technology
Technology for special needs
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
Enterprises energy sustainability: ICT approach
Firm growth and profitability: the role of mobile IT and organizational practices
"There's a lot of activities going on but how do you make those known" : the challenges of organizational environmental communication in ICT-company
Methods for space-time parameter estimation in DS-CDMA arrays
SOFTWARE IN TOURISM INDUSTRY : A Study On Emerging New Niches Of Software In Hotel Industry
Development of ICT change management processes for Fläkt Woods Group
Will universities and university teachers become extinct in our bright online future?
New product development of ICT services : ICT service development in TietoEnator PN Oy
ICT and the everyday   : the perceived implications of internet use in the daily life of Finns
Pilot course on infrastructure workforce development : computer courseware development, 5-16 february 2007, Kathmandu, Nepal
Industry segment solutions : toimialaratkaisut
Women and innovation in the ICT-business : tale of terror and tale of joy
Globalization is an issue that touches each company in the 21st century in some way. Many companies strive to go global but do not have the means to do that. Having a good product or a service doesn't guarantee global success for any company. Knowing that many Finnish products are not well known abroad one can see that there exists lot of opportunities for branding companies in Finland. This was one of the major reasons why ICT (Information and Communication Technology) and branding company called Webscape Oy started its operations in Finland October 2010.     This project oriented thesis is about creating a one year marketing plan for Webscape Oy. The major goal for writing this marketing plan was to help the newly established company to succeed. By helping Webscape Oy, there can be many benefits seen in the future as a result of their business activities. Firstly Finnish companies being properly branded would gain more recognition abroad and via that Finland as a country would be better known. By having more recognition not only the companies would benefit in terms of sales turnovers but also Finnish economy would get better in the long run. The author felt that the company is truly striving to bring so many benefits to Finland that she also wanted to be a part of that process. Another reason why the author chose to write the thesis on Webscape Oy was because she was offered a position in the company after she graduates.    The marketing plan was chosen as a topic because the company did not have a marketing plan yet and because marketing plans play a vital role in the success of any business since they help companies to take advantages of market opportunities and identify the right marketing mix elements. Having a marketing plan in business operations ensures that marketing activities are focused and properly integrated. In addition it shows everyone what is going to happen, when as well as it prepares business for possible problems in terms of back up plans.      This thesis describes in detail a 10-step marketing planning process and briefly states what marketing and marketing planning is all about.
A case study of the English language teachers' attitudes toward use of information and communication technology (ICT) in Finland
Connectivity and transfer-activity semantics in net-like structures
Education and technology : critical perspectives, possible futures
Promoting scalability and sustainability of ICT4D projects using open source software
Building an ecosystem for developing educational use of technology in Finnish schools
Supply chain management in the context of economic area : case study for the development of ICT branch in the city of Oulu
International perspectives on the pedagogically innovative uses of technology
Requirements engineering : linking design and manufacturing in ICT companies
ICT pathways to poverty reduction : empirical evidence from East and Southern Africa
Abstract.
Chinese software industry in 2014
"There are a lot of activities going on but how do you make those known" : the challenge of organizational environmental communication in ICT-company
Digital-political fantasies in Istanbul : an analysis of the perceived role of ICT in changing local institutional politics, activism, and identity
Evaluation of DVB-H broadcast systems using new radio channel models
Improving the Follow-up of Incentives in Partner programs
Examinining the theoretical carbon emission reduction potential of smart building, smart energy and smart mobility applications in Switzerland
Design of a virtual learning environment for students with special needs
Investigation and analysis of present situation and future prospect of information and communication technology to develop agriculture in Nepal
ICT sector development in the Kainuu region
The effects of ICT on school: teachers’ and students’ perspectives
eCompetence for social work
Socio-digital interests, networks and excessive ICT engagement in Finnish adolescents
Can mobile-telecom foreign direct investments boost GDP growth in sub-Saharan Africa : the role of human capital and economic freedom
Political aspects of the regulations for the telecommunications sector within the EU
Resource management methods for Qos supported networks
The changing work environment and role of ICT in distributed work
Electronic patient records in interprofessional decision making : standardized categories and local use
Developing technology pushed breakthroughs : defining and assessing success factors in ICT industry
Wired (UK Edition)
Probing a proactive home : challenges in researching and designing everyday smart environments
Finland as a knowledge economy : elements of success and lessons learned : overview
"How can you use ICT to boost the achievement of all your pupils? This practical teachers' guide will help you to unlock the enormous potential of new technology in order to enhance pupils' learning, particularly for young people with additional needs. Written by two of the UK's leading technology experts, this invaluable new resource will enable you to use ICT effectively to make lessons more accessible, motivating and fun. With 50 illustrated case studies and 20 starter activities, this practical resource will help you to introduce new technology into the inclusive classroom. It has been specifically designed to help develop your pupils' key skills, such as problem solving, developing concepts and communicating to different audiences. In each activity, the authors show why and how a particular resource was used and show how similar techniques can be implemented to open up the curriculum to your learners. The authors include timely and realistic advice on how to use a range of technologies from the cheap and cheerful - and even free - to more sophisticated and specialist packages. Find out about: - Podcasting - Digital animation - iPods and iPads - Dance mat technology - Digital storytelling - Wikis - Online reading schemes - Sat nav - Story boarding - Games and gaming - Mobile phones - Art packages - Using sound - Visualisers Whether you're already techno-savvy or looking to get started with ICT, this book is full of brilliant ideas on how to engage learners of all abilities using technology. If you're looking for inspiration on how to integrate creative uses of ICT with the curriculum, this book will prove invaluable"-- Provided by publisher.
Quo vadis, it education?
ICT-related intangibles and organizational innovation : indicators for improving
Assistive technology and affective mediation
Enterprise architecture as a collaboration tool : discursive process for enterprise architecture management, planning and development
Educating Europe : exploiting the benefits of ICT
E-Port : improving the efficiency of Finnish ports with intelligent systems : final report of the Mobile Port project
Search in the labour markets : empirical evidence of the role of technology and sanctions
Primary ICT
The socio-economic impact of the Ghana ICTs on accelerated development : case study
