http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20711 mutants
mutants
X-men powerless!
House of M : no more mutants
Wolverine vs. the X-Men
X-Necrosha
Gears of war : Xbox One, Xbox Live
Astonishing X-men. [1]
X-Men forever. Vol 3, Come to mother...Russia!
Survival of the fittest. This is the one principle that governs the lands of Baron Apocalypse. His mutant armies have subjugated the human population, forcing them into ghettos. The X-Men have failed in their every attempt to unseat Apocalypse from his throne. The dream of Charles Xavier is dead. This is the world that Doug Ramsey has grown up in. A world where he has spent most of his life hiding in fear.
X-Men forever. Vol 4, Devil in a white dress!
King just wants what anybody wants: not to get fired, eaten, or forced to mate with a cheetah lady. For Earth’s sole human survivor after the apocalypse, life among Los Angeles’s strange new populace ain’t easy. Working for the LA Department of Reclamation, King gets a lot of crappy jobs going on quests and searching for artifacts from the “old world,”. The commute can be a real pain in the asphalt, too; the 405 freeway is filled with mutants, monsters, mayhem, and tentacled Elder Gods. And that’s all before you hit the horrors of the San Fernando Valley. As the world’s freakish inhabitants battle for supremacy, King searches for the “seed of life,” which may give Earth the second chance it probably doesn’t even deserve
Mutants and mystics : science fiction, superhero comics, and the paranormal
X-Men forever 2. Vol 1, Back in action!
Reactive oxygen species and SRO proteins as regulators of gene expression in Arabidopsis thaliana
X-Men forever. Vol 2, the secret history of the sentinels
X-men : Curse of the mutants
Pitch black
The other life
Death of Wolverine
Wolverine : The end
X-Men forever 2. Vol 2, Scream a little scream
X-Factor : the complete collection. [1]
Uncanny X-men : Lovelorn
Uncanny avengers. Vol 2, The apocalypse twins
Guardians of the galaxy  : All-new X-men : The trial of Jean Grey
House of M
Light
X-men : Gals on the run
X-Men forever. Vo 5, Once more...into the breach
Wolverine : three months to die. [2]
Dreamveil : a novel of the Kyndred
Symplastically transmitted signals regulate pattern formation during root development in Arabidopsis thaliana
Wolverine : Enemy of the state : ultimate collection
Astonishing X-men. [2]
The X-men. Volume 3
Astonishing X-men. [vol 6] : Exogenetic
House of M : civil war
Gears of war : judgement : Xbox 360, Xbox Live
Astonishing X-men. [vol 3] :  Torn
VEGF - VEGER interaction assays, nonradioactive assay set-up and analysis of VEGF-D mutants
All-new X-men. Vol 1, Yesterday's X-men
Ultimate X-men. Vol 10, writer: Brian K. Vaughan
X-Men : Battle of the Atom
X-men : the last stand
X-Men : the age of Apocalypse. 1 : Alpha
Fear
Astonishing X-men. [vol 2] :  Dangerous
Gears of war. 2 : Xbox 360, Xbox Live
The dragon masters
Warhammer the end times : Vermintide : Xbox One
Excalibur : Mojo mayhem - featuring the X-babies
The rats
Astonishing X-men. [vol 5] : Ghost box
Crash Bandicoot : mind over mutant : Wii
House of M : Masters of evil
The year of the flood
Astonishing X-men. [vol 4] :  Unstoppable
Mutants : on the form, varieties and errors of the human body
Portrait of a mutant
Age of Apocalypse : Warzones
The thing
Institutionalized
Astonishing X-men. [vol 1] :  Gifted
House of M : Ultimate edition
Apocalypse
Wolverine : ultimate collection
Warhammer the end times : Vermintide : PS4
New X Men [ultimate collection]. [book 3]
X-men : Age of X
The genetic basis of plant physiological processes
Gears of war : Xbox 360, Xbox Live
Wolverine and Jubilee : Curse of the mutants
Behemoth : seppuku
Gears of war. 3 : Xbox 360, Xbox Live
