http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20718 cellists
cellists
The great cellists
Gregor Piatigorsky : The life and career of the virtuoso cellist
Discovering the music around me
From the moment Jacqueline du Pré first held a cello at the age of five, it was clear she had an extraordinary gift. At sixteen, when she made her professional debut, she was hailed as one of the world's most talented and exciting musicians. But ten years later, she stopped playing virtually overnight, when multiple sclerosis removed the feeling in her hands just before a concert. It took fourteen more years for the crippling disease to take its final toll. In this uniquely revealing biography, Hilary and Piers du Pré have re-created the life they shared with their sister in astonishing personal detail, unveiling the private world behind the public face. With warmth and candor they recount Jackie's blissful love of the cello, her marriage to the conductor Daniel Barenboim, her compulsions, her suffering, and, above all, the price exacted by her talent on the whole family. For proud as they were of Jackie's enormous success, none of them was prepared for the profound impact her genius would have on each of their lives. . .
History of the violoncello : Western violoncello art of the 19th and 20th centuries, excluding Russian and Soviet School
Cellist Gregor Piatigorsky's humble beginning in Russia establishes him as the archetype of the struggling artist. The October Revolution forced his escape to Warsaw, where he enjoyed success with the Warsaw Philharmonic. Relocating to Berlin he emerged as solo cellist with the Berlin Philharmonic. This book provides a chronicle of Piatigorsky's life and career.
A genius in the family : an intimate memoir of Jacqueline du Pré
Hilary and Jackie
Casals and the art of interpretation
Against apathy : Anssi Karttunen's thoughts on the cello, playing, music, and the meaning of life..
21st century cellists
The demand for quality : Arto Noras on programme policy, contemporary music etc
Rostropovich : the musical life of the great cellist, teacher and legend
