http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20797 south
south
Up against apartheid : the role and the plight of the press in South Africa
An Investigation on Managing the Recovery of Hazardous Household Waste in Rustenburg, South Africa : A Preliminary Operational Plan of Pilleri II
Anti-development : South Africa and its Bantustans
Korea : the tiger economy
The Voices of Azania from Cape Town: Rastafarian Reggae Music's claim to Autochthonous African belonging
Power-sharing in South Africa
Ecological structure of South Korea : an ecological factor analysis of cities and rural communities in South Korea in 1969
The underground railroad : a novel
Forest owners' attitudes to and preferences for voluntary conservation : preliminary results of a survey
Southern Africa profiled : essential facts on society, business and politics in Southern Africa
The Rastafarian movement has experienced fast growth during recent years in South Africa and especially in the province of Western Cape. This article examines this process through an ethnographic account of a weekly reggae dancehall event held by the Rastafarian Marcus Garvey community in the township of Philippi in Cape Town. During the course of three months of fieldwork the author investigated how recorded Jamaican dancehall music is used in the community and how it is articulated to different Rastafarian identifications within the dancehall space. Several scholars of Rastafari have suggested that contemporary Jamaican dancehall music has had theological impact on the Rastafarian movement, particularly outside of the Caribbean. The article provides an empirical contribution to these discussions by demonstrating that Rastafarians in the Marcus Garvey community have made significant innovations both theologically and musically in relation to their Jamaican counterparts, reorienting contemporary Jamaican popular music as a spiritual practice linked to religious purity norms informed by an international Rastafarian organization, the Nyabinghi Order. As a result Jamaican dancehall music is taking a central position in various moral negotiations within the Marcus Garvey community.
After apartheid : the solution for South Africa
From protest to challenge : a documentary history of African politics in South Africa 1882-1964. 2, Hope and challenge, 1935-1952
South Africa : background to the crisis
Fate of phosphorus in soil during a long term fertilization experiment in southern Finland
Folklore : the intangible cultural heritage of SAARC region. Volume 2
The bilingual screen : ethnolinguistic identity and television viewing among three language minorities
The article considers the light shed on ancient religion by comparative linguistics and the analysis of visual images. Its starting point is the Bronze Age 'Sun Chariot' from Trundholm in Denmark, which is considered in both Flemming Kaul's book Ships on Bronzes and Martin West's Indo-European Poetry and Myth . The ideas of these two writers are discussed in conncection with the evidence of prehistoric rock carvings in South Scandinavia. The article considers how such places were used and draws attention to the distinctive practice of depicting pairs of footprints in this medium. The footprints may mark the positions of people engaged in rituals at these sites, for in many cases the drawings are oriented towards the solstices. Perhaps these events were observed from the decorated outcrops. Although the field evidence is limited, it supports the idea of a solar cosmology postulated by Kaul and West.
A sampler of international media and communication statistics 2010
Change is pain
"The past lay claim to the present" memory and narrative as a journey to one's self : a study of Damon Galgut's In a Strange Room
Lessons from Fray Bentos: forest industry, overseas investments and discursive regulation
From social silence to social science : same-sex sexuality, HIV & AIDS and gender in South Africa : conference proceedings
Abstract: Who owns freshwater? : detecting and deconstructing discourses relating to community participation in water supply governance. The purpose of this dissertation was first to identify some of the common and prevailing discourses on community participation and water supply governance in developing countries as a whole, and South Africa in particular. Secondly, the study was intended to discuss why and how particular perceptions and practices continue to be so influential in the area of water supply governance. The research conducted for this dissertation consisted of an extensive and critical review of various forms of relevant secondary data. In the first part of this study, different definitions of community participation and water supply governance, as well as ideas on how and why these concepts are linked, were discussed in general terms. Postmodern theory relating to truth claims, power and discourses was also included in order to deploy a particular analysing tool for the second part of the study. The latter sections of the dissertation focused respectively on deconstructing topic-related South African governmental publications as well as analysing and discussing common water supply and community participation discourses in the framework of different South African case examples. This study found that discussions revolving around water supply easily become limited to contrasting public and private forms of ownership and management, although in actuality the same - largely neoliberal principles - often seem to guide both options. It was also discovered that new discourses are emerging, such as basic water supply as a universal human right and community participation in water supply governance as a form of empowerment for marginalised community members. Postmodern analysis, however, has additionally suggested that while decentralisation of water governance and participatory approaches are already becoming an integral part of water policies, this redefinition is still far from truly replacing the common centralising practices and influential neoliberal discourses.
Rural transport of food products in Latin America and the Caribbean
Amazon wildlife
The secret life of bees
African entomology memoir
"From social silence to social science: same-sex sexuality, HIV & AIDS and gender in South Africa presents a unique and innovative effort to examine what we know about homosexual transmission of HIV and AIDS in South Africa. It reverses the trend whereby categories of same sex sexual practice are almost always excluded from research of HIV and AIDS, as well as from care and intervention programmes. The varied contributors (academics, activists and programme planners) draw attention to the risk behaviours and treatment needs of people who engage in homosexual sex, and explain why same-sex sexuality has to be seen as key within South African efforts to study, test and prevent HIV infection. Relevant to scholarly debates about HIV and AIDS, it is also essential reading for anyone involved in research, policymaking, advocacy and community development"--Publisher Website.
Low cost ambient air quality monitoring : developing a simple dust collecting system in Rustenburg Africa
Self-determination and secessionism in Somaliland and South Sudan : challenges to postcolonial state-building
Development of temperature and respiratory gases during summer stratification in two lakes in southern Finland
State and resistance in South Africa, 1939-1965
So fair a land : South Africa
The ends of the earth : an anthology of the finest writing on the Arctic and the Antarctic
South Africa in crisis
"Would I have been better off there?" : comparison, need and conduciveness in a Finnish emigrant's account
Summary.
Access to water in South Africa : constitutional perspectives from a developing country
The South African fungi and lichens to the end of 1945
Composition of seed banks of roadsides, stream verges and agricultural fields in southern Norway
The state of muslim girls in physical activities and sport and significance of parenting in islamic perspective : (the case of Central and Southern Finland)
Cape Town &  Garden Route
Still fighting the Civil War : the American South and southern history
South Africa [handbook]
This paper presents a brief study of the rural cultural landscape in southern Finland. Most rural landscapes in southern Finland are produced by traditional agriculture and affected by modern farming. The cultural landscape of the countryside is therefore a human cultural achievement: working the land creates the agrarian landscape. Natural processes must be yielded and acknowledged, however. The various periodic layers of the rural landscape derive from its inhabitants and their historical periods. In this way, the landscape is comprised of natural and cultural phenomena, which can be both old and new. This paper is based on a study of the rural cultural landscapes of Perniö and Karjaa in southern Finland. The examination suggests a long-term landscape development from prehistoric to historical periods.
Banking and business in South Africa
Finnish warriors in the South African war
Fish communities in South-Finnish lakes and their responses to biomanipulation assessed by experimental gillnetting
Joint ventures in agriculture : lessons from land reform projects in South Africa
Arsenic and heavy metal concentrations in agricultural soils in South Savo province
Standard encyclopedia of Southern Africa
International tourist's perceptions of safety and security : the role of social media
The view from Vesuvius : Italian culture and the southern question
The rock art of southern Africa
Glory over everything : beyond the Kitchen house
Hard right : the new white power in South Africa
A field guide to the families and genera of woody plants of Northwest South America (Colombia, Ecuador, Peru) : with supplementary notes on herbaceous taxa
South Africa : a study in conflict
Kaffirs are lively : being some backstage impressions of the South African democracy
The Holocene development of the Pennala basin, Southern Finland, was studied using lithostratigraphical and biostratigraphical methods, shore level surveys and radiocarbon dating in the areas adjacent to the I Salpausselkä icemarginal formation. The study results give an improved picture of the shoreline displacement and palaeoenvironment of the Pennala basin during the period of 10000-2500 14C yr BP (ca. 11400-2600 cal yr BP).The results indicate that the Ancylus Lake stage in the Pennala basin occurred during the Preboreal and Early Boreal chronozones around 9600-8900 14C yr BP (ca. 10900-10000 cal yr BP). The transgression was followed by a long-term lake phase, which ended, due to overgrowth of the basin, at ca. 2900 14C yr BP (ca. 3000 cal yr BP). The highest Ancylus shoreline in the area is located at 71 m a.s.l. The altitude of the ancient Pennala Lake is located at 68.5 m a.s.l.The Pennala basin and adjacent areas were inhabited by Stone Age dwellers during the Middle Neolithic period. The dated evidence of the Early Mesolithic settlement in the area remains scarce. During the Early Mesolithic period the Pennala basin was a sheltered bay of the Ancylus Lake and during the Middle Neolithic period of settlement ca. 5500-3500 14C yr BP (ca. 6300-3800 cal yr BP) the basin served Neolithic dwellers as a small inland lake.
Infinite ground
The struggle for South Africa : a reference guide to movements, organizations and institutions. Vol. 1
Business Angels in Brazil : starting up a venture to unite Brazilian entrepreneurs and foreign investors
Critical reflection on the evaluation plan of the VARPUNEN project
Origins and development of the ancient outflow channel of the river Vantaanjoki, southern Finland, as indicated by fluvial sediments
Navigating troubled waters : an analysis of how urban water regimes in the global South reproduce inequality
Mammals of the Neotropics. Vol. 1, The northern Neotropics : Panama, Colombia, Venezuela, Guyana, Suriname, French Guiana
The American South in the 1960's
Coastal communities on the move : house and polity interaction in Southern Ostrobothnia 1500 BC-AD 1
The Penguin history of Latin America
By a thread
The political economy of modern South Africa
Conflict, corruption, perception, remedies : (the role of the United Nations in war economies)
No easy walk to freedom : 14 classics from the shebeens of South Africa
Pioneer travellers of South Africa : a geographical commentary upon routes, records, observations and opinions of travellers at the Cape 1750-1800
No future without forgiveness
South American gas : daring to tap the bounty
Do the catholic and protestant countries differ by their tax morale?
Promoting natural material know-how in Southern Finland and Estonia : evaluating project ProNatMat
Cape Town
Race, space, and class : the unique and the global in South Africa
Korean arts & lifestyle. 3, The life of Koreans
Annual cycle of the active surface layer in Western Dronning Maud Land, Antarctica
Industrialization, foreign capital and forced labour in South Africa
Cape Town's 100 years of progress : a century of local government
The anatomy of South African misery
Wishes for Christmas
African invertebrates : a journal of biodiversity research
Encyclopedia of world cultures. Volume 7, South America
What makes borders real : in the Namibia-Zambia and Uganda-South Sudan borderlands
Mobilising the state? : social mobilisation and state interaction in India, Brazil and South Africa
Parks and people in postcolonial societies : experiences in Southern Africa
"Honorary white" : a visit to South Africa
Abstract: The paradoxes of power in South Africas's political transition.
Hit the ground running : doing micro business training in South Africa
Seedling establishment after prescribed burning of a Clear-Cut and Partially Cut mesic boreal forest in Southern Finland
Modern South Asia : history, culture, political economy
The politics of truth and reconciliation in South Africa : legitimizing the post-apartheid state
The author of the New York Times bestseller and beloved book club favorite The Kitchen House continues the story of Jamie Pyke, son of both a slave and master of Tall Oakes, whose deadly secret compels him to take a treacherous journey through the Underground Railroad.  Published in 2010, The Kitchen House became a grassroots bestseller. Fans connected so deeply to the book's characters that the author, Kathleen Grissom, found herself being asked over and over "what happens next?" The wait is finally over.  This new, stand-alone novel opens in 1830, and Jamie, who fled from the Virginian plantation he once called home, is passing in Philadelphia society as a wealthy white silversmith. After many years of striving, Jamie has achieved acclaim and security, only to discover that his aristocratic lover Caroline is pregnant. Before he can reveal his real identity to her, he learns that his beloved servant Pan has been captured and sold into slavery in the South. Pan's father, to whom Jamie owes a great debt, pleads for Jamie's help, and Jamie agrees, knowing the journey will take him perilously close to Tall Oakes and the ruthless slave hunter who is still searching for him. Meanwhile, Caroline's father learns and exposes Jamie's secret, and Jamie loses his home, his business, and finally Caroline.  Heartbroken and with nothing to lose, Jamie embarks on a trip to a North Carolina plantation where Pan is being held with a former Tall Oakes slave named Sukey, who is intent on getting Pan to the Underground Railroad. Soon the three of them are running through the Great Dismal Swamp, the notoriously deadly hiding place for escaped slaves. Though they have help from those in the Underground Railroad, not all of them will make it out alive - Provided by publisher.
Spider's trap
Conclusions, interpretations and recommendations (s. 153-180).
Women in South African politics : rural Shangaan women in focus
Military and police forces in the Republic of South Africa
Trade-offs, rights and responsibilities in the business of microcredit : a case study from South Africa
Education in a future South Africa : policy issues for transformation
Who owns freshwater? : detecting and deconstructing discourses relating to community participation in water supply governance
Effective population size and the viability of the Siberian jay population of Suupohja, Finland
Atlas of South America
Globalisation in the forest industry has its own particular characteristics which are due to a high degree of capital intensity and limits in raw material supply. Investments in new capacities are expensive and the rate of forest regeneration is slow in the traditional resource areas in the conifer dominated forests of the global North. The supply problem has lead forest companies to establish tree plantations and pulp mills in the temperate and tropical zones. This has largely modified global forest-industrial relations. I examine here how and why the establishment of the Fray Bentos pulp mill in Uruguay by a Finnish company, Metsä-Botnia, turned into an international conflict. I also show how the political reactions to the mill planning in fact relied on and further developed the international mechanisms of forest-industrial regulation. The partners of the mill project were forced to prove that the fears expressed by critical parties would not come true. The article ends with some suggestions to improve social sensitivity of forest-industrial projects by studying more systematically the dependencies between the forest industry and the environing society.
Tangled threads
South Africa and world opinion
Kwazulu, South Africa
Southern historiography in modern history : figural and philosophical aspects of historical discourse in Virginia and South Carolina, 1800-1844
Co-evolution of agriculture and rural development in different regional institutional contexts : case studies from Finland and Italy
Mobilising social justice in South Africa : perspectives from researchers and practitioners
Now fully updated to 2009, this acclaimed history of Latin America tells its turbulent story from Columbus to Chavez. Beginning with the Spanish and Portuguese conquests of the New World, it takes in centuries of upheaval, revolution and modernization up to the present day, looking in detail at Argentina, Mexico, Brazil, Chile and Cuba, and gives an overview of the cultural developments that have made Latin America a source of fascination for the world.
Humor in business : case analysis of South Korean humorous advertisements
"South-south" remittance -poverty reduction nexus : the case of "Hadiya" immigrants in South Africa, as agents of "constituency development" in Ethiopia, and the policy implications of their "remittance instrument"
Comrades against apartheid : ANC and the South African Communist Party in exile
Human touch, natural processes: The development of the rural cultural landscape in southern Finland from past to present
This thesis aims to explore business opportunities through discovering factors that are needed to be known to understand Korean sense of humor, Hae-Hak, in practice on external communication with advertisement. By focusing on the research on specific examples of Korean advertisements that Hae-Hak is used, this paper will help you to understand Korean sense of humor. Under the HURMOS Project, to discover the utility of humor in business life of South Korea, research has been done.
The South African truth commission
Body of power, spirit of resistance : the culture and history of a South African people
The functional centers and areas of South Bothnia, Finland
JUMPING NYAHBINGHI YOUTHS: LOCAL ARTICULATIONS OF ROOTS REGGAE MUSIC IN A RASTAFARIAN DANCEHALL IN CAPE TOWN
Around the world in 80 dinners : the ultimate culinary adventure
South Africa
A lowcountry wedding
Examining consumers' intention, behavior, and beliefs in mobile banking adoption and continuous usage
Adaptive and neutral variation of the resprouter Nothofagus antarctica growing in distinct habitats in north-western Patagonia
The struggle for South Africa : a reference guide to movements, organizations and institutions. Vol. 2
A guide to the birds of South America
Constituting democracy : law, globalism and South Africa's political reconstruction
Capital, state and white labour in South Africa 1900-1960 : an historical materialist analysis of class formation and class relations
The reptiles and amphibians of Southern Africa
FOSATU worker choirs
Gone with the wind
The pillars of apartheid : land tenure, rural planning and the chieftancy
Comparative ethnographical studies. 4, The Copper and Bronze Ages in South America
Southern Africa
Fisheries and aquaculture in the South Pacific : situation and outlook in 1996
An Illustrated history of South Africa
Negotiating South Africa's future
Collaboration between non-governmental organizations and educational leaders in capacity development in rural South Africa
Underground airlines
My best friend's exorcism : a novel
Crime and policing in post-apartheid South Africa : transforming under fire
Detention & torture in South Africa : psychological, legal & historical studies
Born a crime : and other stories
Long walk to freedom : the autobiography of Nelson Mandela
The summer girls
The other me
Rediscovery of the ordinary : essays on South African literature and culture
A far country
The muzzled muse : literature and censorship in South Africa
Evangelizing the South : a social history of church and state in the early America
Repressive legislation of the Republic of South Africa
Business in the shadow of apartheid : U.S. firms in South Africa
Midsummer and Midwinter in the Rock Carvings of South Scandinavia
South Tyrol
All the single ladies : a novel
Sustainable tourism in Southern Africa : local communities and natural resources in transition
The grasses of Ecuador, Peru, and Bolivia
Quality management of forest regeneration activities
Abstract: Critical reflection on the evaluation plan of the VARPUNEN project.
Holocene development of the Pennala basin with special reference to the palaeoenvironment of Meso- and Neolithic dwelling sites, Lahti-Orimattila, Southern Finland
Foreign investment in the Republic of South Africa
Mammals of the neotropics. Vol. 2, The southern cone : Chile, Argentina, Uruguay, Paraguay
South Africa : human rights and the rule of law
The book of joy : lasting happiness in a changing world
Southern crucible : South Africa: future world in microcosm
Effect of weather and climatological background on snow damage of forests in Southern Finland in November 1991.
This paper analyses the notion of self-determination and secession by adopting acomparative perspective on two case studies, namely Somaliland and South Sudan. Somaliland declared its independence in 1991 following the collapse of the Somali state. Since then, Somaliland has been making relentless efforts to secure recognition from the international community. South Sudan successfully negotiated the right to exerciseself-determination, a right that was formalised in the Comprehensive Peace Agreement (CPA) signed between the ruling National Congress Party (NCP) and the Sudan People's Liberation Movement (SPLM). The people of South Sudan held a referendum and voted overwhelmingly for secession, with formal independence being achieved on 9 July 2011. International law may better qualify Somaliland for statehood than South Sudan for three reasons: (i) it was created by colonialism, (ii) it has already been recognised, albeit only for a few days, as an independent state in 1960, and (iii) it has proven to be stable, functional and relatively democratic. Yet Somaliland has failed to achieve international recognition. This paper interrogates this discrepancy. It concludes that the existence of a partner ready to accept the right of self-determination, and geostrategic concerns about security as well a seconomic and political interests, determine international recognition.
Ancient kings of Peru : the reliability of the Chronicle of Fernando de Montesinos : correlating the dynasty lists with current prehistoric periodization in the Andes
Recruiting skilled orderlies for health care organization
Changes in forest landscape structure in southern Finland in the late 1900's
"It is the present-day, and the world is as we know it: smartphones, social networking and Happy Meals. Save for one thing: the Civil War never occurred.  A gifted young Black man calling himself Victor has struck a bargain with federal law enforcement, working as a bounty hunter for the US Marshall Service. He's got plenty of work. In this version of America, slavery continues in four states called "the Hard Four." On the trail of a runaway known as Jackdaw, Victor arrives in Indianapolis knowing that something isn't right - with the case file, with his work, and with the country itself.  A mystery to himself, Victor suppresses his memories of his childhood on a plantation, and works to infiltrate the local cell of a abolitionist movement called the Underground Airlines. Tracking Jackdaw through the back rooms of churches, empty parking garages, hotels, and medical offices, Victor believes he's hot on the trail. But his strange, increasingly uncanny pursuit is complicated by a boss who won't reveal the extraodinary stakes of Jackdaw's case, as well as by a heartbreaking young woman and her child who may be Victor's salvation. Victor himself may be the biggest obstacle of all - though his true self remains buried, it threatens to surface. Victor believes himself to be a good man doing bad work, unwilling to give up the freedom he has worked so hard to earn. But in pursuing Jackdaw, Victor discovers secrets at the core of the country's arrangement with the Hard Four, secrets the government will preserve at any cost. Underground Airlines is a ground-breaking novel, a wickedly imaginative thriller, and a story of an America that is more like our own than we'd like to believe"--
The birds of South America. 1, The oscine passerines
Market analysis of Spanish real estate market in Costa Blanca area
How the True Finns won a seat in Etelä-Savo in April 2011 : and why it is important to know
Early man in South America
The probability of moose damage at the stand level in southern Finland
Memory meanders : place, home and commemoration in an ex-Rhodesian diaspora community
The beginnings of white settlement in South Africa
South African economic newsletter
The city of Helsinki was founded in 1550 at the mouth of the River Vantaanjoki on the Gulf of Finland. There is a clearly distinguishable overgrown river bed located to the west of the present channel which would seem far too large for the minor stream flowing through it nowadays. The aim here was to determine whether this stream and its valley do in fact represent an ancient channel of the larger river, for how long this channel functioned and how and when it ceased to do so. The problem was approached by means of morphological surveys, corings, stratigraphic analyses and radiocarbon datings.It may be concluded from the shoreline displacement data and the topography of the area that the threshold of the ancient channel emerged from beneath the sea around 4500 BP (5100 cal. BP). Subsequently two shallow lakes developed at approximately the same altitude around 4000-3500 BP (4500-3800 cal. BP), later drying up as the thresholds that retained them were eroded away. A channel some 50-70 m broad, 5-8 m deep and 8 km in length was created in the valley of the River. The channel began to fill rapidly with fluvial sediment around 2200 BP (2200 cal. BP), however, once the present course of the river was opened up over a low glaciofluvial ridge which had previously restrained its waters in the east. As the new channel gained in depth, the flow in the old one came to an end around 2000 BP (1900 cal. BP), by which time substantial quantities of fluvial sediment had accumulated in it.
South Africa's plan and capability in the nuclear field : report of the Secretary-General
Educational reforms in South Africa : the role of the teachers in the implementation of educational reforms in post apartheid South Africa 1994-2008
