http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20733 EU law
EU law
EU energy law and policy issues
Criminalizing business cartels in Europe : a comparative perspective
The enforcement of EU competition rules by civil law
The European Union's shaping of the international legal order
European energy law report. 10
Handbook on European law relating to asylum, borders and immigration
Action for annulment within Article 263(4) TFEU after the Treaty of Lisbon : "not as black as one is painted"
International investment agreements and EU law
The 'right to damages' under EU competition law : from Courage v. Crehan to the White paper and beyond
The EU, the US and global climate governance
European Union corporate tax law
Theory of law : norm, logic, system, doctrine & technique in legal processes, with appendix on European law
Law of the European Union
The Data Retention Directive and the right to privacy
Whistleblowing : need for harmonization on the European Union level?
EU law concentrate
Economics and the enforcement of european competition law
The rights to TV broadcast of sport events
The European arrest warrant database
Data protection, privacy and European regulation in the digital age
Essential EU law in charts
The Oxford encyclopaedia of European Community law. Vol. 2
The use requirement for trademarks : a comparative study of the French, European Union trademark and United Dtates federal laws
Contribution of the European Charter of Human Rights to the right to legal aid
Europeanization of law : harmonization or fragmentation
US and European approaches to the patentability of human DNA : who moves and who follows?
EU private international law
This book is an essential guide and support to understanding of the science and policy, procedure and practice that underpins the REACH risk assessments required for the use and placing on the market of chemicals in the European Union. A clear understanding of information provision and how this affects the assessment of chemical safety is fundamentally important to the success of policy on chemicals and ultimately to the sustainability of the chemicals industry. Within the book, the scientific processes that underpin the policy are explained in a practical way. Importantly, it includes coverage of techniques to help solve the problems of using potentially risky and hazardous chemicals through the use of less hazardous alternatives and 'green chemistry', and also the analysis of the risks of the use of the most hazardous substances against the social and economic benefits of use. Chemical Risk Assessment: A Manual for REACH covers the following main themes: i) Assessment of chemical risk; ii) Risk management; iii) Hazard reduction, substitution and green chemistry; iv) Risk versus benefit -- socio-economic analysis. The book acts as a practical guide and overview to chemicals risk assessment and risk management (in the EU context), as well as a support text for planning for the challenges of the future, which will see ever-increasing pressure to withdraw hazardous substances from the EU (and global) market, balanced against opportunities for innovation in the development of less hazardous chemicals.
"The European Union undoubtedly plays an important role in the formation of international law. This takes place through a number of avenues ranging from the simple existence of this supranational legal order within the sphere of international law to the actual influencing of international legal order. With contributions by leading scholars, this collection of essays constructs and analyses a new and stimulating approach in which the European Union is perceived as an active co-creator of the international legal order on a variety of planes. Providing concrete examples of the European Union's approach to the international legal order in different policy fields, this book will be a key reference point for a new active paradigm of EU external relations law"--
The law of corporate finance : general principles and EU law. Volume II, Contracts in general
European intellectual property law
Law and policy of harmonisation in Europe's internal market
Preparing the European Union for the future? : necessary revisions of primary law after the non-ratification of the treaty establishing a constitution for Europe = Vorbereitung der Europäischen Union für die Zukunft? = Préparer l'union européenne pur l'avenir?
Europäisches Zivilverfahrensrecht : Verordnung, Richtlinien und Empfehlungen = European law of civil proceedings : regulations, directives and recommendations = Droit européen sur la procédure civile : réglements, directives et recommandations
European union law
In search for the European solidarity : the rule of law within the European Union in the framework of constitutional pluralism
Environmental integration in competition and free-movement laws
The evolution of EU law
European perspectives on environmental law and governance
The sanction of nullity in the context of private enforcement of EU Competition Law : characteristics, application and consequences of Article 101(2) TFEU
Chemical risk assessment : a manual for REACH
"How effective is the European Court of Human Rights in dispensing justice? With over 17,000 judgments handed down, it is undoubtedly the most prolific international court but is it the most efficient when compensating the victims of a violation? This crucial but often overlooked question is the focus of this important new monograph which gives a clear, comprehensive and convincing demonstration of the negative impact, in terms of unpredictability and legal uncertainty, of the discretion used by the Court when it comes to the regime of reparation. It reveals the adverse influence of such a high discretion on the quality of its rulings - ultimately on the coherence of the system and on the Court's authority, and makes suggestions for improvement"--
Who is steering the ship and which constellation guides the way? : exploring transparency in the European Central Bank during the time of crisis
New governance in context : evaluating the EU biofuels regime
The civil law notary - neutral lawyer for the situation : a comparative study on preventative justice in modern societies
The eclipse of the legality principle in the European Union
European energy law report. 7
Moving water and the law : on the distribution of water rights and water duties within river basins in European and Dutch water law = Bewegend water : over de verdeling van waterrechten en waterplichten binnen stroomgebieden in het Europese en Nederlands recht
"In order to be effective, international tribunals should be perceived as legitimate adjudicators. European Consensus and the Legitimacy of the European Court of Human Rights provides in-depth analyses on whether European consensus is capable of enhancing the legitimacy of the European Court of Human Rights (ECtHR). Focusing on the method and value of European consensus, it examines the practicalities of consensus identification and application and discusses whether State-counting is appropriate in human rights adjudication. With over 30 interviews from judges of the ECtHR and qualitative analyses of the case law, this book gives readers access to firsthand and up-to-date information and provides an understanding of how the European Court of Human Rights in Strasbourg interprets the European Convention on Human Rights"--
The European company statute : a new approach to corporate goverance
Farm animal welfare and the EU internal market
Property and European integration : dimension of Article 345 TFEU
Structuring corporate capital gains tax system in the European Union : a comparative Finnish perspective
The concept of a restriction on the free movement of capital in direct taxation
Cooperation and competition regarding standard contract terms in consumer contracts
Europe at the edge of pluralism
State aid law of the European Union
Parental and successor liability in EU competition law infringements
Fundamental rights at airports : border checks at five international airports in the European Union
The impact of EU law on the regulation of international air transportation
EU external relations law and policy in the post-Lisbon era
The foundations of EU data protection law
Swedish studies in European law
Europeanisation of public law
Hybrid entities and the EU direct tax directives
EU renewable electricity law and policy : from national targets to a common market
Calibrating the EU regulatory framework for equity-based crowdfunding to ensure long-term success
Tax treatment of interest for corporations
European energy law report. 6
EU dumping determinations and WTO law
The European patent enforcement strategies : the EU patent package as a way forward
The concept of business undertaking in Finnish and European Consumer Law : a critical review of a Finnish Supreme Court case
Actus Reus and participation in European criminal law
Substantive criminal law of the European Union
Rendezvous of European legal cultures
Compulsory licensing of standard-essential patents and injuctive relief as abuse of dominant position in violation of Article 102 TFEU
International tax law
The permissibility of indirect environmental taxes and derogations thereof in light of the cumulative criteria for state aid in article 107(1) TFEU
Waste management in European law : the example of Naples and Campania
"How does EU law affect Member State corporate tax systems and the cross-border activities of companies? This unique study traces the historical development of EU corporate tax law and provides an in-depth analysis of a number of issues affecting companies, groups of companies and permanent establishments. Existing legislation, soft-law and the case-law of the Court of Justice are examined. The proposed CCCTB Directive and its potential application through enhanced co-operation are also considered. In addition to the tax issues pertaining to direct investment, the author examines the taxation of passive investment income, corporate reorganisations, exit taxes and the restrictive effect of domestic anti-abuse regimes. By doing so, the convergences and divergences arising from the interplay of EU corporate tax law and international tax law, especially the OECD model, are uncovered and highlighted"--
General principles of European private international law
The personal data economy : from black and white to shades of grey
Research handbook on EU agriculture law
Official journal of the European Communities. C, Information and notices
Directory of EU case law on the preliminary ruling procedure
Digest of European Tort Law. vol. 1, Essential cases on natural causation
Application of principles of European law in the Supreme Court of Estonia
During 20112013, professor Magnus Ulväng and professor Iain Cameron organized a series of seminars and two conferences at the Faculty of Law of Uppsala University, bringing together a number of distinguished researchers in criminal law. The themes were criminalization and sanctions. The two themes are linked: we are seeing a development in many countries towards expanded criminalization and stiffer penalties, despite the lack of empirical evidence that tougher sentences have any significant impact on crime. Amongst the different topics covered during the seminar series were the relationship between vengeance and the criminal law, the principle of ultima ratio, the development of criminalization in EU law, the evolution and justification of the system of Ordnungswidrigkeit and the role of moral theories in criminalization. This volume collects the essays which grew out of the papers presented during the seminar series.
EU Procedural law
Private enforcement of EU (Competition) law : remarks and outlooks regarding the intertwinement of EU and national law
Incentivising innovation? : the competition law approach to the challenge clauses in the new competition rules for technology licensing agreements of the EU
UEFA's homegrown player rule in the light of EU law
The law of corporate finance : general principles and EU law. Volume I, Cash flow, risk, agency, information
Fundamental rights in the European Union : towards higher law of the land : a study of the status of fundamental rights in a broader constitutional setting
A comparative study of the regulation governing the use of fixed-term contracts in three EU member states
Anti-spam legislation between privacy and commercial interest : an overview of the European Union legislation regarding the e-mail spam
New Features in Contract Law
Social failures of EU enlargement : a case of workers voting with their feet
Handbook of EU waste law
Steps towards more effective antitrust system in EU : Damages Directive's effect on victim's right to compensation for antitrust harm
General principles of EU civil law
Actions for annulment and the right to effective judicial protection : the criteria for admissibility under article 263(4) TFEU
EU renewable energy law : legal challenges and new perspectives
Challenges of Copyright in the Digital Age : Comparison of the Implementation of the EU Legistlation in Germany and Armenia
Reconciling multilingualism and legal certainty in EU law
European energy law report. 8
Interpretation methods of multilingual EU law - an evaluation of multilingualism theories with regard to the case law of the European Court of Justice and member states of the 1995 accession
Economics of European Union law
The internal market as a legal concept
Realization of network neutrality in the information society code in user-internet service provider relation
Access to data protection remedies in EU Member States
Competition law and economics : advances in competition policy enforcement in the EU and North America
Do you know it when you see it? : a study on the judicial legitimacy of the European Court of Human Rights
The emergence of EU contract law : exploring Europeanization
Just satisfaction under the European Convention on Human Rights
Relative grounds for refusal of trade mark protection
Evidence in European Asylum Procedures
Operating under local rules in a globalized world : international airline alliances in light of contemporary competition law
Environmental Judicial Review
Damages claims for infringement of EC Competition Law : from right to damages to practical considerations
European consensus and the legitimacy of the European Court of Human Rights
The average European consumer: a legal fiction?
The Draft Common Frame of Referenc : national and comparative perspectives
Data exclusivity in the European free trade agreements and access to medicine in the developing countries
Understanding EU internal market law
Interpretation in Polish, German and European private law
Making of multilingual law : the effects of the ordinary legislative procedure on the linguistic uniformity and reliability of EU law
ECJ : Recent developments in direct taxation 2011
Media, interaction and integration : cross-cultural dialogues in the Baltic sea area
”Content is not available in your country” : is geo-blocking compatible with the internal market?
EU public contract law : public procurement and beyond
The failure of the EU's constitutional project
The informed consumer v the vulnerable consumer in European unfair commercial practices law - a comment
Governing (through) rights
Combination of personal data and the data protection reform in the European law
Analysing economic effects of the essential facilities doctrine
Finland : preparing the European Union for the future? : necessary revisions of primary law after the non-ratification of the treaty establishing a constitution for Europe
European Union property law : from fragments to a system
Handbook on European competition law : enforcement and procedure
Transformation of the recorded music industry to the digital age : a review of technology-driven changes in the EU copyright framework focusing on their effect on digital music markets
Legislating the blind spot : the EU seal regime and the Newfoundland seal hunt
Introduction: harmonization and national cultures
Controlling EU criminal competence in the Lisbon Era
European energy law report. 4
Regulation and supervision of cross-border banking in the EU
Linked contracts
Free movement in the European Union
The XXV FIDE Congress in Copenhagen, 2014 : congress publications. Vol. 3, Public procurement law : limitations, opportunities and paradoxes = Vergaberecht für öffentliche Aufträge : Begrenzungen, Möglichkeiten und Widersprüche = Le droit des marchés publics : restrictions, possibilités et paradoxes
The legal protection of persons with mental health problems under non-discrimination law : understanding disability as defined by law and the duty to provide reasonable accommodation in European Union Member States
European Union law
The judiciary, the legislature and the EU internal market
Horizontal effect of fundamental rights in EU Law
European labour law and the EU Charter of fundamental rights
European Convention on Human Rights and transition of the legal culture : reception of the argumentation of the European Court of Human Rights by the Finnish supreme jurisdictions
EU Energy Law. Volume II, EU competition law and energy markets
Distribution agreements in the car sector under EC competition law
Case Billerud and the proportionality of the EU ETS excess emissions penalty
Sports betting : law and policy
European energy law report. 9
Principles of law : function, status and impact in EU tax law
The development of multilateral trading facilites through markets in financial instruments directive and best execution
This book compares institutions of preventative justice in Germany, France, England, Sweden, Estonia and the U.S. (Maine, New York). The centre of focus is on the continental European notariat and corresponding institutions in legal cultures without notariats. The comparative description of preventative justice consists mainly of an analysis of residential real estate transactions and the function of land registers as meaningful elements of preventative justice. The result of the comparative work indicates the significant value of a well-organized notariat regarding costs and quality. Attempts of the European Commission to weaken the system of preventative justice of continental legal cultures should be analyzed carefully and with some scepticism.
"Has the European Court of Human Rights (ECtHR or Court) lost its legitimacy? The answer to this question is perhaps 'no'. If this was the case, the Contracting Parties would stop executing judgments of the Court; the applicants would stop bringing their complaints to the Court; and, finally, the Contracting Parties would denounce the European Convention on Human Rights (ECHR or Convention). Another option might be that the ECtHR would continue to exist without having any real impact on human rights standards in Europe and its judgments would lose much of their value. This has not yet happened. International tribunals, including the European Court of Human Rights (ECtHR), face a substantial structural deficiency; they operate within systems that lack the coercive capacity to enforce their judgments. International courts thus depend, to a greater degree than domestic courts, on the legitimacy of their judgments as a basis upon which to encourage, and in effect coerce, compliance"--
Private enforcement of Finnish Competition Law on the rise?
Consistent denials of review of EU rules in light of the Aarhus Convention by the CJEU : is the EU a laggard in ensuring compatibility with its international obligations?
From internal market regulation to European labour law
Protecting trade secrets in litigation : the impact of Article 9 of the EU Trade Secret Directive especially on Finnish law
EU law : directions
Europeanization of Finnish Law
Integrity and efficiency in sustainable public contracts : balancing corruption concerns in public procurement internationally
Group litigation in European competition law : a law and economics perspective
The role of national criminal law in the European Union area and the alternative resolutions of criminal; section of criminal law. English part: collection papers from the international scholastic conference law as unifying factor of Europe - jurisprudence and practice, organised by the Comenius University in Bratislava, Faculty of law on 21st-23rd of October, 2010.
Data subject’s consent as a legal basis for processing personal data after the General Data Protection Regulation
Towards a European contract law
EC competition law handbook 2007/2008
Hidden civil law : how can you know what the applicable law is?
Choice and control : the right to independent living : experiences of persons with intellectual disabilities and persons with mental health problems in nine EU Member States
Children's rights, Eastern enlargement and the EU human rights regime
EU private international law : harmonization of laws
Is the EU enlargement the success EU institutions proclaim? Based on fifteen years of fieldwork research across Central and Eastern Europe and on migrants in the UK and Germany, this book provides a less glittering answer. The EU has betrayed hopes of social cohesion: social regulations have been forgotten, multinationals use threats of relocations, and workers, left without institutional channels to voice their concerns, have reacted by leaving their countries en masse. Yet migration, for many, increases social vulnerability. Drawing on Hirschman's concepts of 'Exit' and 'Voice', the book traces the origins of such failures in the management of EU enlargement as a pure economic and market-creating exercise, neglecting the inherently political nature of labour relations. The reinforcement of market mechanisms without political counterbalances has resulted in an increase in opportunistic 'exit' behaviour by both employers and employees, and thereby in a worsening quality of democracy, at workplace, national and European levels. As a result of this process, the EU has become more similar to the North American Free Trade Agreement between USA, Canada and Mexico, where social rights are marginalized and economic integration does not translate into better development.
Law-in-context : EU energy law
EU annual report on human rights 2008
Revised EU competition rules for supply and distribution agreements
Beyond the crisis : the governance of Europe's economic, political and legal transformation
Taxation of intercompany dividends under tax treaties and EU law
EU law, 2013 and 2014
European constitution : cases and materials in EU and member states' law
The impact of national labour and social law on the law of the European community
The law of succession, testamentary freedom : European perspectives
EU sports law and breakaway leagues in football
The new European patent
Philosophical foundations of European Union law
Reshaping European gas and electricity industries : regulation, markets and business strategies
The present state and future development of European Contract Law : a Nordic prespective
Adjudicating new governance : deliberative democracy in the European Union
Välistudengite ränne - Eesti aruanne = Immigration of international students - Estonian national report
European Union law of state aid
Online linking under EU copyright law : the CJEU hyperlinks trilogy: is this the end of the story?
European migration law / Pieter Boeles ... [et al.]
Long-term gas supply contracts between EU area buyers and third country producers in the continental European gas market : a changing paradigm of contract and pricing structure
