http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20770 simplicity
simplicity
Michael Symon's 5 in 5 : 5 fresh ingredients + 5 minutes = 120 fantastic dinners
Simplicity and accuracy trade-off in science : simple metric for model selection
Man who quit money
Simplicity : the freedom of letting go
Aquinas on simplicity : an investigation into the foundations of his philosophical theology
Insanely simple : the obsession that drives Apple's success
Minimalism : history, fashion, design, architecture, interiors
The no spend year : how I spent less and lived more
More graphic simplicity : cool natural sweet colorful modern
George Maciunas : the dream of Fluxus : an artist ́s biography / Thomas Kellein
Living with less : how to downsize to 100 personal possessions
"In this book a noted physiologist and neuroscientist introduces the concept of simplexity, the set of solutions living organisms find that enable them to deal with information and situations, while taking into account past experiences and anticipating future ones. Such solutions are new ways of addressing problems so that actions may be taken more quickly, more elegantly, and more efficiently. In a sense, the history of living organisms may be summed up by their remarkable ability to find solutions that avoid the world's complexity by imposing on it their own rules and functions. Evolution has resolved the problem of complexity not by simplifying but by finding solutions whose processes--though they can sometimes be complex--allow us to act in the midst of complexity and of uncertainty. Nature can inspire us by making us realize that simplification is never simple and requires instead that we choose, refuse, connect, and imagine, in order to act in the best possible manner. Such solutions are already being applied in design and engineering and are significant in biology, medicine, economics, and the behavioral sciences".
The simple life
Ockham's razors : a user's manual
Awesomely simple : essential business strategies for turning ideas into action
The more of less : finding the life you want under everything you own
Designing web usability : [the practice of simplicity]
MIN : the new simplicity in graphic design
You have to work hard to get your thinking clean to make it simple. But its worth it in the end, because once you get there, you can move mountains. To Steve Jobs, Simplicity was not just a design principle. It was a religion and a weapon.
Less is more : embracing simplicity for a healthy planet, a caring economy and lasting happiness
Simplicity, inference and modelling : keeping it sophisticatedly simple
Basil of Caesarea, Gregory of Nyssa, and the transformation of divine simplicity
L'art de la simplicité : how to live more with less
Simplexity : simplifying principles for a complex world
More of less : finding the life you want under everything you own
Shaker built : the form and function of Shaker architecture
Simplexity : the simple rules of a complex world
Wabi-Sabi for artists, designers, poets & philophers
Michelle McGagh has been writing about money for over a decade. You'd think that would make her a whizz with her own cash, right? Wrong! Spending with abandon and ignoring bank statements were her modus operandi. Just because she wasn't in serious debt, apart from her massive London mortgage, she thought she was in control. She wasn't. Then Michelle discovered minimalism and sold 80% of her belongings. This was the first step to reining in her finances, and the second was to apply minimalism to her spending habits with a year-long spending ban. The aim: to pay off a huge chunk of her mortgage. She pays her bills and she has a minimal budget for her weekly groceries and household essentials but otherwise Michelle doesn't spend any money at all. She is finding creative ways to get the things she needs, to travel and to still be able to enjoy her time. Not only has she saved money but she is happier: no longer feeling the desire to buy things all the time or feeling the pressure of being sold. Her relationship with money, with things, with time, with others has changed for the better. This book is perfect for people who are by no means badly off but who often find themselves desperately waiting for pay day and wondering how on earth they frittered away their salary, who spend over GBP650 a year on their daily latte, who pop into Tesco Extra for a pint of milk and come out with GBP20 of random shopping, who never read their bank statements and who would like to learn how to set themselves up for a better life, buy their own home or prepare for their children's future or retirement. The No Spend Year is honestly written and talks about money in an approachable and entertaining way. Interspersed throughout are really brilliant personal finance tips and life hacks about interest, mortgages, savings, spending less to help you live a more financially secure life too.
Simply effective : how to cut through complexity in your organization and get things done
One of Fr. Rohr s best-selling books, this revised and updated edition explores St. Francis' ancient call to the simple life, where joy, not dry theology helps us build relationships and find peace in ourselves.
Minimalism : designing simplicity
Simpler : the future of government
The simple life : plain living and high thinking in American culture
The kinfolk home : interiors for slow living
From complexity to simplicity : unleash your organization's potential
The 100 thing challenge : how I got rid of almoust everything, remade my life, and regained my soul
The art of explanation : making your ideas, products, and services easier to understand
Voluntary simplicity : toward a way of life that is outwardly simple, inwardly rich
Simplicity, inference and modeling : keeping it sophisticatedly simple
