http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20744 Inventor (computer programmes)
Inventor (computer programmes)
The life of Benjamin Franklin
The power makers : steam, electricity, and the men who invented modern America
The 100 greatest inventions of all time : a ranking past and present
Nikola Tesla was a major contributor to the electrical revolution that transformed daily life at the turn of the twentieth century. His inventions, patents, and theoretical work formed the basis of modern AC electricity, and contributed to the development of radio and television. Like his competitor Thomas Edison, Tesla was one of America's first celebrity scientists, enjoying the company of New York high society and dazzling the likes of Mark Twain with his electrical demonstrations. An astute self-promoter and gifted showman, he cultivated a public image of the eccentric genius. Even at the end of his life when he was living in poverty, Tesla still attracted reporters to his annual birthday interview, regaling them with claims that he had invented a particle-beam weapon capable of bringing down enemy aircraft. Plenty of biographies glamorize Tesla and his eccentricities, but until now none has carefully examined what, how, and why he invented. In this groundbreaking book, W. Bernard Carlson demystifies the legendary inventor, placing him within the cultural and technological context of his time, and focusing on his inventions themselves as well as the creation and maintenance of his celebrity. Drawing on original documents from Tesla's private and public life, Carlson shows how he was an "idealist" inventor who sought the perfect experimental realization of a great idea or principle, and who skillfully sold his inventions to the public through mythmaking and illusion. This major biography sheds new light on Tesla's visionary approach to invention and the business strategies behind his most important technological breakthroughs.
Learning Autodesk Inventor 2012 : [modeling, analysis and animation]
Up and running with autodesk inventor simulation 2011 : a step-by-step guide to engineering design solutions
They made America : from the steam engine to the search engine : two centuries of innovators
Innovation as a social process : Elihu Thomson and the rise of General Electric, 1870-1900
Engineering design and graphics with Autodesk Inventor 2009
PRODUCT DEVELOPMENT OF SPECIAL EQUIPMENT FOR UNDERGROUND CONSTRUCTION
Edison : a life of invention
An introduction to Autodesk Inventor 2012 and AutoCAD 2012
Up and running with Autodesk Inventor professional 2012. Part 1, Stress and frame analysis
Autodesk Inventor for Designers : release 10
Wizard : the life and times of Nikola Tesla, biography of a genius
Mastering Autodesk® Inventor® 2013 and Autodesk® Inventor LTTM 2013
Benjamin Franklin, genius of kites, flights and voting rights
Edison's electric light : the art of invention
Machines and the men who made the world of industry
3D printing with Autodesk 123D : create and print 3D objects with 123D, AutoCad, and Inventor
Making makers : kids, tools, and the future of innovation
Lincoln the inventor
Zero to maker : learn (just enough) to make (just about) anything
Up and running with Autodesk Inventor Simulation 2011 : a step-by-step guide to engineering design solutions
Original material and recently acquired documents form the foundation of a biography of the man who served as an inspiration for modern electrical inventions.
The idea factory : Bell Labs and the great age of American innovation
Through stories, research and data, this book explains why it is crucial to encourage today's youth to be makers, to raise children who are creative, lifelong learners.
The ethics of creativity
The fantastic inventions of Nikola Tesla
Intellectual property in academia : a practical guide for scientists and engineers
Autdesk Inventor 2012 : for designers
The autobiography of John Fitch
Scottish inventors
Tesla : inventor of the electrical age
A streak of luck
Eurekaaargh! : inventions that failed
Learning Autodesk Inventor 2010 : hands-on exercises demonstrate fundamental principles of 3D parametric part design, assembly design, and the creation of production-ready drawings
Mothers of invention : from the bra to the bomb : forgotten women & their unforgettable ideas
The Penguin book of interviews : an anthology from 1859 to the present day
The men who united the States : America's explorers, inventors, eccentrics, and mavericks, and the creation of one nation, indivisible
Ottmar Mergenthaler : the man and his machine : a biographical appreciation of the inventor on his centennial
Bell : Alexander Graham Bell and the conquest of solitude
Created equal : the lives and ideas of Black American innovators
Copies in seconds : how a lone inventor and an unknown company created the biggest communication breakthrough since Gutenberg : Chester Carlson and the birth of the Xerox machine
Benjamin Franklin : an American life
Tele-visionaries : the people behind the invention of television
Parametric modeling with Autodesk® Inventor®
Marconi : the man who networked the world
The Americanization of Benjamin Franklin
Autodesk inventor 2016 and engineering graphics : an integrated approach
Describes the life of the famous Italian artist, scientist, and inventor Leonardo da Vinci, especially his youth.
iWoz : computer geek to cult icon : how I invented the personal computer, co-founded Apple, and had fun doing it
Lightning man : the accursed life of Samuel F. B. Morse
A popular history of American invention
Makers : all kinds of people making amazing things in garages, basements, and backyards
How to invent and protect your invention : a guide to patents for scientists and engineers
Edison and the business of innovation
Nikola Tesla : the European years
Acclaimed New York Times bestselling author Winchester illuminates the men who toiled fearlessly to discover, connect, and bond the citizenry and geography of the U.S.A. from its beginnings and ponders whether the historic work of uniting the States has succeeded, and to what degree.
Insisting on the impossible : the life of Edwin Land
Conversion Of An Ordinary Car To Fuel-cell Vehicle
William Crookes' long life was one of unbroken scientific and business activity, culminating in his appointment as President of the Royal Society in 1913. This biography guides us through the abundant catalogue of Crookes' accomplishments, placing his scientific activities in the context of the business of making a living from science.
Biographical dictionary of the history of technology
Tesla : a portrait with masks : a novel
Great inventions : geniuses and gizmos : innovation in our time
The lunar men : five friends whose curiousity changed the world
Consists of interviews with: Brigham Young, Karl Marx, Charles George Gordon, Theodore Roosevelt, Henry Stanley, Robert Louis Stevenson, Mark Twain, Thomas Edison, Lillie Langtry, Arthur Sullivan, Prince Bismarck, William Booth, Rudyard Kipling, William Howard Russell, Samuel Smiles, Emile Zola, Henri Rochefort, Oscar Wilde, Paul Kruger, Henrik Ibsen, Cecil Rhodes, Two Moon, Leo Tolstoy, W.T. Stead, Christabel Pankhurst, Woodrow Wilson, Guglielmo Marconi, G.K. Chesterton, James Barrie, Frank Harris, Eugene O'Neill, Stanley Baldwin, William Howard Taft, Edwin Lutyens, Willa Cather, Georges Clemenceau, Greta Garbo, Sigmund Freud, George Bernard Shaw, Wyndham Lewis, Al Capone, Adolf Hitler, Tallulah Bankhead, Benito Mussolini, Jospeh Stalin, Royal Scott Gulden, Huey P. Long, Gertrude Stein, F. Scott Fitzgerald, David Lloyd George, Stefan Zweig, Pablo Picasso, Mahatma Gandhi Dylan Thomas, Samuel Beckett, Brendan Behan, Nikita Khrushchev, Alfred Hitchcock, Frank Lloyd Wright, Ernest Hemingway, Montgomery Clift, John F. Kennedy, Marilyn Monroe, Norman Mailer, Alf Landon, Harold Macmillan, Evelyn Waugh, Sammy Davis Jr., Margaret Bourke-White, Mao Tse-tung, Anthony Wedgwood-Benn, Vladimir Nabokov, Joe Orton, Lester Piggott, John Lennon, Margaret Thatcher, Arthur Miller, Bette Davis, Jimmy Hoffa, William Burroughs, Mae West, Galina Vishnevskaya, Paul Johnson.
Mastering Autodesk Inventor 2016 and Autodesk Inventor LT 2016
The ingenious Yankees
Against the odds : an autobiography
A businessman struggles with his luggage at an airport and pioneers the wheeled suitcase. An engineer watches people using walkie-talkies and dreams up the mobile phone. Why were these particular people able to identify a problem, and how did they discover the solutions that everyone else missed? This book shows you how to become more creative.
Buckminster Fuller : designing for mobility
William Crookes (1832-1919) and the commercialization of science
Emanuel Goldberg and his knowledge machine : information, invention, and political forces
This is a biography of one of the major 20th-century scientists, Nikola Tesla. It is interdisciplinary, containing accounts of U.S. manufacturing in the early 1900s and other contemporary cultural materials.
Tinkers and genius : the story of the Yankee inventors
The heroic age of American invention
This excellent publication provides a historical background of the dream of sight/sound extension by electric means and identification of the major participants is given. The book examines the foremost problem delaying the early progress of television and explores how the development of full-colour television by examining the inventions needed to achieve the dream, the people who produced them, the role of the motion picture industry, and more. * Offers both a personal historical perspective of the development of television and an overview of the technology * A unique opportunity to learn of the beginnings of television from one of RCA's pioneering engineers.
Nikola Tesla was a man forever misunderstood. From his boyhood in what is present-day Croatia, where his father, a Serbian Orthodox priest, dismissed his talents, to his tumultuous years in New York City, where his heated rivalry with Thomas Edison yielded triumphs and failures, Tesla was both demonized and lionized. Tesla captures the whirlwind years of the dawn of the electrical age, when his flair for showmanship kept him in the public eye. For every successful invention--the alternating current electrical system and wireless communication among them--there were hundreds of others. But what of the man behind the image? Vladimir Pištalo reveals the inner life of a man haunted by the loss of his older brother, a man who struggled with flashes of madness and brilliance whose mistrust of institutional support led him to financial ruin. Tesla: A Portrait with Masks is an impassioned account of a visionary whose influence is still felt today.
Inventors at work : interviews with 16 notable American inventors
Autodesk Inventor 2010 : essentials plus
Leonardo da Vinci : young artist, writer, and inventor
Leonardo da Vinci : dreams, schemes and flying machines
The telephone gambit : chasing Alexander Graham Bell's secret
Mastering Autodesk Inventor 2009 and Autodesk Inventor LT 2009
The cosmic inventor : Reginald Aubrey Fessenden (1866-1932)
Engineering design and graphics with Autodesk Inventor 2008
Inventology : how we dream up things that change the world
Autodesk Inventor 2012 and Inventor LT 2012 essentials : Autodesk official training guide
Mr. Gatling's terrible marvel : the gun that changed everything and the misunderstood genius who invented it
Backroom boys : the secret return of the British boffin
Autodesk Inventor 11 for designers
Autodesk Inventor 2013 and Autodesk Inventor LT 2013 : Essentials
Heroes of invention : technology, liberalism and British identity, 1750-1914
Mothers and daughters of invention : notes for a revised history of technology
Mastering Autodesk Inventor 2015 and Autodesk Inventor LT 2015
The Ethics of Creativity illuminates the thorny issues that arise when novel creative ideas collide with what we believe to be 'right' or 'good'. This book tackles questions of when creativity and ethics tend to coincide and when conflict, and how both might be harnessed to support a brighter future for all.
