http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20728 Kingdom of God
Kingdom of God
Sculpting idolatry in Flavian Rome : (an)iconic rhetoric in the writings of Flavius Josephus
Moon's artifice
St. Avgvstine : of the citie of God
Bibliotheca Isiaca. 3
Gods and myths of the ancient world : the archaelogy and mythology of ancient Egypt, ancient Greece and the Romans
Sent free : mission and unity in the perspective of the Kingdom
This is the first history of epiphany as both a phenomenon and a cultural discourse within the Graeco-Roman world. It explores divine manifestations and their representations not only in art but also in literary, historical and epigraphic accounts, and sets the cultural analysis of this unfamiliar conceptual phenomenon within a historical framework that explores its development from the archaic period to the Roman Empire. In particular, a surprisingly large number of the surviving images from antiquity are not only religious but epiphanically charged. Verity Platt argues that the enduring potential for divine incursions into mortal experience provides a reliable cognitive structure which supports both ancient religion and mythology. At the same time, Graeco-Roman culture exhibits a sophisticated awareness of the difficulties and ambiguities in apprehending deity and representing the divine presence, and of the potential for the manmade sign to lead the worshipper back to an unmediated epiphanic encounter.
Introduction to St. Augustine : The city of God, being selections from the De Civitate Dei, including most of the XIXth book, with text
This book is about the multiplicity of gods and religions that characterized the Roman world before Constantine. It was not the noble gods such as Jove, Apollo and Diana, who were crucial to the lives of the common people in the empire, bur gods of an altogether more earthly, earth level, whose rituals and observances may now seem bizarre. As well as being of wide general interest, this book will appeal to students of the Roman Empire and of the history of religion.
Jesus' defeat of death : persuading Mark's early readers
Roman gods : a conceptual approach
The cults of the Roman empire
Queen of kings
Examining sites that are familiar to many modern tourists, Valerie Warrior avoids imposing a modern perspective on the topic by using the testimony of the ancient Romans to describe traditional Roman religion. The ancient testimony recreates the social and historical contexts in which Roman religion was practised. It shows, for example, how, when confronted with a foreign cult, official traditional religion accepted the new cult with suitable modifications. Basic difficulties, however, arose with regard to the monotheism of the Jews and Christianity. Carefully integrated with the text are visual representations of divination, prayer, and sacrifice as depicted on monuments, coins, and inscriptions from public buildings and homes throughout the Roman world. Also included are epitaphs and humble votive offerings that illustrate the piety of individuals, and that reveal the prevalence of magic and the occult in the spiritual lives of the ancient Romans.
An explanatio Christiana of the Roman god-emperor
The romans : gods, emperors and dormice
Bibliotheca Isiaca. 1
Culture and the death of God
Religion of the Romans
Facing the gods : epiphany and representation in Graeco-Roman art, literature, and religion
The Roman persecution of the Bacchic cult, 186-180 B. C.
What life was like
Emperors and the Divine – Rome and its Influence
At the age of nine, Finnikin is warned by the gods that he must sacrifice a pound of flesh in order to save the royal house of his homeland, Lumatere. He stands on the rock of three wonders with his friend Prince Balthazar and the prince's cousin, Lucian, and together they mix their blood. And Lumatere is safe: but then the unspeakable / WorldCat.
Roman domestic art and early house churches
The Gods of Olympus : a history
The Romans and their gods : in the age of Augustus
God and empire : Jesus against Rome, then and now
Early Christian and byzantine political philosophy : origins and background. Vol. 1-2
Christian America and the Kingdom of God
Called & empowered : global mission in pentecostal perspective
The gods were the true heroes of Rome. In this major new contribution to our understanding of ancient history, Jörg Rüpke guides the reader through the fascinating world of Roman religion, describing its unique characteristics and bringing its peculiarities into stark relief. Rüpke gives a thorough and engaging account of the multiplicity of cults worshipped by peasant and aristocrat alike, the many varied rites and rituals daily observed, and the sacrifices and offerings regularly brought to these immortals by the population of Ancient Rome and its imperial colonies. This important study provides the perfect introduction to Roman religion for students of Ancient Rome and Classical Civilization.
Bibliotheca Isiaca. 2
Amber and ashes
Romanising Oriental Gods : myth, salvation, and ethics in the cults of Cybele, Isis, and Mithras
Power, politics and the cults of Isis : proceedings of the Vth International Conference of Isis Studies, Boulogne-sur-Mer, October 13-15, 2011 (organised in cooperation with Jean-Louis Podvin)
The parables of the kingdom
Entering the kingdom of heaven : a study on the structure of Matthew's view of salvation
Jesus and time : an interpretation of Mark 1.15
The kingdom of gods
Finnikin of the rock
Who's who in mythology : classic guide to the ancient world
Who's who in classical mythology
The Romans and their gods in the age of Augustus
