http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2073 environmental permits
environmental permits environmental licences
Land-use planning as inter-organizational learning
Papermaking science and technology. Book 19, Environmental control
Public participation in the environmental permit processes at regional level
Preparing an Environmental Permit Application : Case Study for a Small Scale Fish Farm
Environmental requirements for industrial permitting. Vol. 2, OECD Workshop on the Use of Best Available Technologies and Environmental Quality Objectives, Paris, 9-11 May 1996.
Environmental administration and environmental permits
Energy efficiency in environmental permits
Abstract: Enlargement of the environmental management system - including the production plants of Nakkila and S채kyl채 into the ISO 14001 system.
Hearing the public in environmental permit procedures
Quality control of the EIA reports in the peat production and mining cases (2007-2014) and procedures for the quality assurance.
The legal status of the individual in Nordic environmental law
Waste-related conditions in environmental permits
Environmental policy evaluation : concepts and practice
The economic analysis of environmental policy and law : an introduction
Business security and Russia : security considerations in the development of business operation in Russia
Permit market for stochastic water pollution under non-compliance and market power
Finnish environmental legislation
Environmental requirements for industrial permitting. Vol. 3, Regulatory approaches in OECD countries
Environmental policy and administration
Climate change : designing a tradeable permit system
Carbon pricing, growth and the environment
Shades of green : business, regulation, and environment
The relationship between amending and revoking a permit and administrative compulsion procedure according to the Environmental Protection Act.
Domestic transferable permits for environmental management : design and implementation
The case of Vuotos
Bothnian Bay Life : BAT information exchange system
Building permits : a comparative study
Economics of natural resources and the environment
River basin management plan and permit consideration - Part 2 : Practice with regard to four sectors of activity.
Hydrological and hydraulic design of peatland drainage and water treatment systems for optimal control of diffuse pollution
EU environmental law : challenges, change and decision-making
Voluntary approaches for environmental policy : effectiveness, efficiency and usage in policy mixes
Payment for environmental services in agricultural landscapes : economic policies and poverty reduction in developing countries
Controlling pollution : using taxes and tradable permits
A practical guide to air quality compliance
Summary (s. 10-13).
The changes in industrial operations
Enlargement of the environmental management system : including the production plants of Nakkila and S채kyl채 into the ISO 14001 system
Environmental policy : legal and economic instruments
Administrative (public law) liabilities of operators in ports : on the triangulation of shipping-related activities in ports by means of environmental permits
Finnish labour law in practice
Implementing domestic tradeable permits : recent developments and future challenges
Environmental requirements for industrial permitting. Vol. 1, Approaches and instruments
Comparative environmental law in Europe : an introduction to public environmental law in the EU member states
