http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20729 preaching (evangelisation)
preaching (evangelisation)
Making the Declaration work : the United Nations Declaration on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples
The Council of Europe  : first steps and then some - collective enforcement of the universal declaration
A general introduction to the Porvoo communion of churches : short comment from Norweigian, Lutheran point of view
Human rights : the International Bill of Human Rights
Never revoked : Nostra aetate as ongoing challenge for Jewish-Christian dialogue
Finland : political, not legal
Great Books of the Western World. 43, American state papers : the federalist
Global monitoring report 2005 : millennium development goals : from consensus to momentum
The Universal Declaration of Human Rights : a standard of achievement
International human rights law : an introduction
Declaration
The Balfour declaration : the origins of the Arab-Israeli conflict
Days of love, nights of war : crimethink for beginners
Article 27 of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights and Internet : a study evaluating role of prosumers, authors and corporations in the information society
Human rights with modesty : the problem of universalism
Reality hunger : a manifesto
Human rights at the crossroads
Beijing declaration and platform for action with the Beijing+5 political declaration and outcome document
Our Declaration : a reading of the Declaration of Independence in defense of equality
Rights and reason : an introduction to the philosophy of rights
Yes is more : an archicomic on architectural evolution
The universal declaration of human rights : origins, drafting, and intent
Children and media : image, education, participation
The world's religions after September 11 : Volume 4. Spirituality
The essentials of... human rights
60 years of the universal declaration of human rights
Growth in agreement III : international dialogue texts and agreed statements, 1998-2005
Manifesto now! : instructions for performance, philosophy, politics
Relire et compléter la déclaration du 9 mai 1950 : séance académique organisée à l'occasion du 50e anniversaire de la déclaration du 9 mai 1950 = Reviewing and building on the declaration of 9 May 1950 : academic session to commemorate 50th anniversary of the declaration of 9 May 1950
Seven Dada manifestos : and lampisteries
Challenges and problems
The reception of international law in the European Court of Human Rights
"The book will appeal to students in the social sciences, as well as students of human rights law who want an introduction to the non-legal aspects of their subject. It will also be read by scholars interested in ethics and the social sciences, as well as the general reader."--BOOK JACKET.
Justification by faith in Catholic-Protestant dialogue : an evangelical assessment
Proclaiming the Gospel : preaching for the life of the church
Encyclopedia of the United Nations and international agreements
Speaking the truth in love : theological and spiritual exhortations of Ecumenical Patriarch Bartholomew
Human rights : an interdisciplinary approach
Jesus of Nazareth : message and history
Philosophical foundations of human rights
Human rights fifty years on : a reappraisal
The abolition of the death penalty in international law
The Universal Declaration of Human Rights : a commentary
In the light of justice : the rise of human rights in Native America and the UN Declaration on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples
The Universal Declaration of Human Rights : a standard of achievement : special 15th anniversary edition 10 December 1963.
From postwar to postmodern : art in Japan 1945-1989 : primary documents
The world's religions after September 11 : Volume 2. Religion and human rights
Epistolary Korea : letters in the communicative space of the Chosŏn, 1392-1910
Human rights : a compilation of international instruments. Vol. 2, Regional instruments
Appeal of the Representatives of the Baltic Nations to the General Assembly of the United Nations
Universal declaration on cultural diversity : a vision, a conceptual platform, a pool of ideas for implementation, a new paradigm
This edited volume discusses UNESCO's contributions to inclusive education over the past 20 years, the normative and technical leadership roles this organization has been playing together with its peers and competitors in educational development, and the current status of this issue in academic debates, as well as conceptualizations from different cultures. The chapters reflect and critically discuss a range of positions on the relation between inclusive education, education for all, and special needs education and particularly express the role disability plays in these thematic contexts. The book brings to light that although the term inclusive education is commonly associated with people with disabilities, there are contexts - e.g., research strands on school development in the UK - in which inclusive education is considered as an approach in which the focus of special (needs) education is widened in terms of the target group, reaching out to the heterogeneity of learners, thus taking diversity as a starting point for educational theory and practice. This book highlights the differences in narratives of inclusive education in the United States and abroad and is intended to bridge the various approaches to the study of inclusive education and disability, particularly in the US, the UK, and the Nordic countries within Europe. Although academics and students in Disability Studies are the target audience, the book is also of high relevance to policy makers in the growing field of inclusive education, as well as being potentially interesting for practitioners in education and social work.
World education report : 2000 : the right to education : towards education for all throughout life
Evaluation : implementation of the Paris Declaration : Finland
Evaluation of the implementation of the Paris Declaration : phase one : synthesis report
The declaration of independence
Shrines and souls : the reinvention of religious liberty and the genesis of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights
Evaluation : implementation of the Paris Declaration : Finland : summary
Textbook on international human rights
The European Union  : in search of legitimacy
For all peoples and all nations : Christian churches and human rights
Human rights in the U. N. Declaration
Kuidas sündis Eesti iseseisvuse manifest : Estoniaś declaration of independence in 1918
The concept and present status of the international protection of human rights : forty years after the universal declaration
Human rights at the UN : the political history of universal justice
Santu Mofokeng : stories. 1, Train church
Film manifestos and global cinema cultures : a critical anthology
The Gran Canaria declaration : calling for a global program for plant conservation
Inclusive education twenty years after Salamanca
The annotated U.S. Constitution and Declaration of Independence
'For freedom alone' : the Declaration of Arbroath, 1320
All human beings... : a manual for human rights education
The role of the Universal declaration of Human Rights in the treaty relations of the European Union
Implementing the U.N. Convention on the Rights of the Child : a standard of living adequate for development
Justification and the future of the ecumenical movement : the Joint declaration on the doctrine of justification
The world's religions after September 11 : Volume 3. The interfaith dimension
The communist manifesto
Understanding international social work : a critical analysis
Reflections on the UN Declaration on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples
We are all born free : the Universal Declaration of Human Rights in pictures
International human rights law : six decades after the UDHR and beyond
Human rights : a very short introduction
Inventing human rights : a history
China, democracy, and law : a historical and contemporary approach
The Universal Declaration of Human Rigths : a history of its creation and implementation 1948-1998
Human rights : thirty years after the universal declaration : commemorative volume on the occasion of the thirtieth anniversary of the universal declaration of human rights
"By expanding the definition of "epistle" to include any writing that addresses the intended receiver directly, JaHyun Kim Haboush introduces readers to the rich epistolary practice of Chosŏn Korea. The Chosŏn dynasty (1392-1910) produced an abundance of epistles, writings that mirror the genres of neighboring countries (especially China) while retaining their own specific historical trajectory. Written in both literary Chinese and vernacular Korean, the writings collected here range from royal public edicts to private letters, a fascinating array that blurs the line between classical and everyday language and the divisions between men and women. Haboush's selections also recast the relationship between epistolography and the concept of public and private space. Haboush groups her epistles according to where they were written and read : public letters, letters to colleagues and friends, social letters, and family letters. Then she arranges them according to occasion : letters on leaving home, deathbed letters, letters of fiction, and letters to the dead. She examines the mechanics of epistles, their communicative space, and their cultural and political meaning. With its wholly unique collection of materials, "Epistolary Korea" produces more than a vivid chronicle of pre- and early modern Korean life. It breaks new ground in establishing the terms of a distinct, non-European form of epistolography."-- Back cover.
Genetic resources and traditional knowledge : case studies and conflicting interests
The evolution of international human rights : visions seen
An analysis of the responses by the Lutheran churches to the joint declaration on the doctrine of justification
Equal in law, unequal in fact : racial and ethnic discrimination and the legal response thereto in Europe
Finland's report on the implementation of the outcome of the world summit for social development
Quiet rumours : an anarcha-feminist anthology
Human rights
Abstract (s. 3). Summary (s. 11-14).
Yhteenveto. - Sammanfattning. - Summary.
Human rights : status of international instruments
Three conceptions of human rights
The universal declaration of human rights : a standard of achievement
The universal declaration of human rights : a common standard of achievement
The anthropology of Protestantism : faith and crisis among Scottish fishermen
The new Yalta : commemorating the 50th anniversary of the Declaration of Human Rights in RBEC region
Freedom of the individual under law : a study on the individual's duties to the community and the limitations on human rights and freedoms under article 29 of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights
The Council of Europe declaration on cultural diversity = Déclaration du Conceil de l'Europe sur la diversité culturelle
