http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2072 permits
permits permissions
Papermaking science and technology. Book 19, Environmental control
Methods of lupine alkaloid analysis : analysis of interaction between legume and soil : shock and stress in legumes : chorology of legumes
Do you want to work in another EU Member State? : find out about your rights! : Update 2007
Abstract: Enlargement of the environmental management system - including the production plants of Nakkila and Säkylä into the ISO 14001 system.
Keski-Suomen kalastuspaikkaopas : Päijänteen viehekalastuslupa. 2008-2009 = Leisure- and sportfishing in Central Finland = Freizeit- und Sportfischerei in Mittelfinnland
Labour migration in Europe
Archival storytelling : a filmmaker's guide to finding, using, and licensing third-party visuals and music
Report of the FAO Regional Workshop on Port State Measures tot Combat Illegal, Unreported and Unregulated Fishing, Cape Town, South Africa, 28 - 31 January 2008.
Keski-Suomen kalastuspaikkaopas 2016-2017 : Päijänteen viehekalastuslupa = Leisure- and sportfishing in Central Finland
Building permits : a comparative study
Virtually yours : models for managing electronic resources and services : proceedings of the Joint Reference and User Services Association and Association for Library Collections and Technical Services Institute, Chicago, Illinois, October 23-25, 1997
Lupine : a potential crop in Finland : studies on the ecology, productivity, and quality of Lupinus spp
Payment for environmental services in agricultural landscapes : economic policies and poverty reduction in developing countries
Parking card for people with disabilities in the European Union : conditions in the member states
ICC model international technology transfer contract
Special permits to fill the gaps in the availability of medicines ; translation: Sari Jay
Environmental requirements for industrial permitting. Vol. 1, Approaches and instruments
International encyclopedia of comparative law : under the auspices of the International Association of Legal Science. Volume 17, Chapter 11, State and economy : Legal consequences of state regulation
Keski-Suomen kalastuspaikkaopas : Päijänteen viehekalastuslupa = Leisure- and sportfishing in Central Finland = Freizeit- und Sportfischerei in Mittelfinnland. 2002-2003
Preparing an Environmental Permit Application : Case Study for a Small Scale Fish Farm
Development and control of medicines and medical devices
Energy efficiency in environmental permits
Permit market for stochastic water pollution under non-compliance and market power
Managing the building design process
Putting markets to work : the design and use of marketable permits and obligations
Managing petroleum resources : the 'Norwegian model' in a broad perspective
The Everything guide to starting and running a catering business : insider advice on turning on turning your talent into a lucrative career
The pursuit of efficient copyright licensing : how some rights reserved attempts to solve the problems of all rights reserved
Public participation in nuclear decision-making : proceedings of an international workshop = Participation du public aux décisions nucléaires : compte rendu d'une réunion internationale : Paris, 4-6 mars 1992
A well-regulated militia : the founding fathers and the origins of gun control in America
Subjective assessment of choice difficulty and uncertainty in choice experiments : who learns and what do they learn?
United States : entry and work permits
Summary: The rules govering medicinal products.
More guns, less crime : understanding crime and gun-control laws
Building permits
Establishing a business in Finland
Joint operating agreements : mitigating operational and contractual risks in exclusive operations
Licensing model development for small modular reactors (SMRs) : focusing on the Finnish regulatory framework
The changes in industrial operations
Working in Finland
The passport
Protection schemes for victims of trafficking in selected EU member countries, candidate and third countries
Methods of lupine alkaloid analysis : analysis of interaction between legume and soil : shock and stress in legumes
Environmental administration and environmental permits
Waste-related conditions in environmental permits
Permit to work system
Franchising : practice and precedents in business format franchising
Summary: A certificate of suitability from the European Pharmacopoeia in part of marketing authorisation procedure.
Licences and liberty : the future of public service broadcasting
Includes information on Aymette v. State, Barron v. Baltimore, Bliss v. Commonwealth, Dred Scott v. Sanford, Houston v. Moore, Luther v. Borden, State v. Buzzard, U.S. v. Avery, U.S. v. Cruikshank, U.S. v. Emerson, U.S. v. Miller, U. S. v. Mitchell, U.S. v. Tot, duels, Fourteenth Amendment, gun control, gun rights, Thomas Jefferson, Ku Klux Klan, Fries,s Rebellion, Shays's Rebellion, Whiskey Rebellion, Bill of Rights, Second Amendment, etc.
More than you can say
Was There a Taboo on Killing Wolves in Rome?
Governance principles for concessions and contracts in public forests
The Horror film
Keski-Suomen kalastuspaikkaopas + Päijänteen viehekalastuslupa 2006-2007 = Leisure- and sportfishing in Central Finland
A permit to work system is designed to manage the risks involved in carrying out certain jobs onboard ship. But it only works if everybody on board keeps to the system at all times. There must be no exceptions. This video package shows what can happen if even the smallest job is undertaken outside the permit to work system. It drives the point home that if it falls within the system no task is so simple or so urgent that it can be done outside it. Aimed at both operational personnel and junior officers on board ship, the video takes the form of a news magazine type programme where the details of an explosion and the subsequent internal inquiry is presented.
Marketing authorisations and decision making at the National Agency for Medicines in Finland
Managing digital rights : a practitioner's guide
A practical guide to air quality compliance
International petroleum exploration and exploitation agreements : legal, economic & policy aspects
Franchising for dummies
Enlargement of the environmental management system : including the production plants of Nakkila and Säkylä into the ISO 14001 system
Immigration and asylum law and policy of the European Union
How to get a job abroad : [a handbook of opportunities and contacts]
Environmental requirements for industrial permitting. Vol. 2, OECD Workshop on the Use of Best Available Technologies and Environmental Quality Objectives, Paris, 9-11 May 1996.
Legume species that have breeding potential for NE Europe : concluding remarks on a Finnish-Russian scientific project "An introduction of plants belonging to the botanical family Fabaceae (Leguminosae) to the primeval forest zone of eastern Fennoscandia" (1998-2003)
Executive summary (s. 7).
Environmental requirements for industrial permitting. Vol. 3, Regulatory approaches in OECD countries
Carbon pricing, growth and the environment
Methods of lupine alkaloid analysis. Analysis of interaction between legume and soil. Shock and stress in legumes. Chorology of legumes. Chemical variation in legume populations
Suomen kansainvälisten lapseksiottamisasioiden lautakunta : toimintakertomus 2009 = Nämnden för internationella adoptionsärenden i Finland : verksamhetsberättelse 2009 = The Finnish Board of Inter-Country Adoption Affairs : annual report 2009.
Bothnian Bay Life : BAT information exchange system
Public house and beverage management : key principles and issues
The consolidated asylum and migration acquis : the EU directives in an expanded Europe
Economics of natural resources and the environment
Use of amaranth, quinoa, kañiwa and lupine for the development of gluten-free extruded snacks
Determinants of inter-firm technology licensing : theory and evidence
Kansainvälisten opiskelijoiden maahanmuutto Euroopan Unioniin = National report from Finland for EMN study on immigration of international students to the EU
Driver training type and performance in the driving exam
Citizenship rights and freedom of movement in the European Union
Working as a registered nurse in Finland
The economy of brands
Federal and international scientific permits : a workshop for natural history museums and collectors : January 29-31, 1997 = Permisos científicos internacionales y federales : un taller para museos de historia natural y coleccionistas : enero 29-31, 1997
Keski-Suomen kalastuspaikkaopas + Päijänteen viehekalastuslupa 2004-2005 = Leisure- and sportfishing in Central Finland
