http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20732 ubiquitous network society
ubiquitous network society ubiquitous network society (social systems)
Race against the machine : how the digital revolution is accelerating innovation, driving productivity, and irreversibly transforming employment and the economy
Designing solutions-based ubiquitous and pervasive computing : new issues and trends
Meatspace
"We now live in a digital society. New digital technologies have had a profound influence on everyday life, social relations, government, commerce, the economy and the production and dissemination of knowledge. People's movements in space, their purchasing habits and their online communication with others are now monitored in detail by digital technologies. We are increasingly becoming digital data subjects, whether we like it or not, and whether we choose this or not.The sub-discipline of digital sociology provides a means by which the impact, development and use of these technologies and their incorporation into social worlds, social institutions and concepts of selfhood and embodiment may be investigated, analysed and understood. This book introduces a range of interesting social, cultural and political dimensions of digital society and discusses some of the important debates occurring in research and scholarship on these aspects. It covers the new knowledge economy and big data, reconceptualising research in the digital era, the digitisation of higher education, the diversity of digital use, digital politics and citizen digital engagement, the politics of surveillance, privacy issues, the contribution of digital devices to embodiment and concepts of selfhood and many other topics.Digital Sociology is essential reading not only for students and academics in sociology, anthropology, media and communication, digital cultures, digital humanities, internet studies, science and technology studies, cultural geography and social computing, but for other readers interested in the social impact of digital technologies. "--
Architectural robotics : ecosystems of bits, bytes, and biology
Smart futures meet northern realities : anthropological perspectives on the design and adoption of urban computing
The ecology of attention
Technology's crucible : an exploration of the explosive impact of technology on society during the next four decades
Pervasive computing : 6th international conference, Pervasive 2008, Sydney, Australia, May 19-22, 2008 : proceedings
Digital development in Korea : building an information society
Advances in ubiquitous computing : future paradigms and directions
"New digital media technologies have had a profound influence on everyday life and social relations for many people in developed societies, and increasingly in developing societies. Preschools and child-care centres are now starting to advertise that they offer tablet computers as part of their facilities. At the other end of the lifespan, Wiis are used to support mobility for the residents of aged care facilities and social media and self-tracking devices are being introduced to older people to assist them in living independently. Digital technologies are also increasingly used for political purposes, including social activism, as well for criminal activities. Digital sociology provides a means by which the impact, development and use of these technologies and their incorporation into social worlds and concepts of selfhood may be investigated, analysed and understood"--
The information society
Present shock : when everything happens now
Wirelessness : radical empiricism in network cultures
Future perfect : the case for progress in a networked age
Daily life is connected life, its rhythms driven by endless email pings and responses, the chimes and beeps of continually arriving text messages, tweets and retweets, Facebook updates, pictures and videos to post and discuss. Our perpetual connectedness gives us endless opportunities to be part of the give-and-take of networking. Some worry that this new environment makes us isolated and lonely. But in Networked, Lee Rainie and Barry Wellman show how the large, loosely knit social circles of networked individuals expand opportunities for learning, problem solving, decision making, and personal interaction. The new social operating system of networked individualism liberates us from the restrictions of tightly knit groups; it also requires us to develop networking skills and strategies, work on maintaining ties, and balance multiple overlapping networks. Rainie and Wellman outline the triple revolution that has brought on this transformation: the rise of social networking, the capacity of the Internet to empower individuals, and the always-on connectivity of mobile devices. Drawing on extensive evidence, they examine how the move to networked individualism has expanded personal relationships beyond households and neighborhoods; transformed work into less hierarchical, more team-driven enterprises; encouraged individuals to create and share content; and changed the way people obtain information. Rainie and Wellman guide us through the challenges and opportunities of living in the evolving world of networked individuals.
Ubiquitous computing for business : find new markets, create better businesses, and reach customers around the world 24-7-365
Dream society? Ubiquitous society? No society? : futures for Finland and the world as seen from a small pacific island
Roadmap to a ubiquitous world : where the difference between real and virtual is blurred
Society trapped in the network : does it have a future?
Lawyers in the media society : the legal challenges of the media society
The organized mind : thinking straight in the age of information overload
"This book provides an overview of emerging trends in context-aware computing, pervasive and smart environments, as well as research on applications of pervasive technologies in healthcare organizations, work environments, and educational settings"--Provided by publisher.
Smart technologies and the end(s) of law
Throughout : art and culture emerging with ubiquitous computing
Designing the internet of things
"This book provides a general overview about research on ubiquitous and pervasive computing and its applications, discussing the recent progress in this area and pointing out to scholars what they should do (best practices) and should not do (bad practices)"--Provided by publisher.
From social butterfly to engaged citizen : urban informatics, social media, ubiquitous computing, and mobile technology to support citizen engagement
"In the 1970s futurism was in. But looking forward has become a thing of the past. According to Rushkoff, "presentism" is the new ethos of a society that's always on, in real time, updating live. Rushkoff shows how this trend is both exhilarating and disorienting. This was the goal of technology--outsourcing our memory was supposed to free us up to focus on the present. But we are in danger of squandering this cognitive surplus on trivia. Rushkoff shows how we can instead ground ourselves in the reality of the present tense"--
Digital community design : exploring the role of mobile social software in the process of digital convergence
Handbook on mobile and ubiquitous computing : status and perspective
"This book investigates the technology of ubiquitous computing, emerging applications and services, and social issues vital for the successful deployment of a ubiquitous computing application. Providing high quality, authoritative content on such topics as device design, wireless communication, location sensing, privacy concerns, attention focus, multi-person interaction, and direct interaction, work patterns, it is a must-have in library collections"--Provided by publisher.
Metropolises, Asia and general culture
The cyber effect : a pioneering cyberpsychologist explains how human behavior changes online
"An award-winning author explores how the world works in our age of "continuous now" Back in the 1970s, futurism was all the rage. But looking forward is becoming a thing of the past. According to Douglas Rushkoff, "presentism" is the new ethos of a society that's always on, in real time, updating live. Guided by neither history nor long term goals, we navigate a sea of media that blend the past and future into a mash-up of instantaneous experience. Rushkoff shows how this trend is both disorienting and exhilarating. Without linear narrative we get both the humiliations of reality TV and the associative brilliance of The Simpsons. With no time for long term investing, we invent dangerously compressed derivatives yet also revive sustainable local businesses. In politics, presentism drives both the Tea Party and the Occupy movement. In many ways, this was the goal of digital technology--outsourcing our memory was supposed to free us up to focus on the present. But we are in danger of squandering this cognitive surplus on trivia. Rushkoff shows how we can instead ground ourselves in the reality of the present tense. "--
Networked : the new social operating system
In the year 2060, when people hardly ever leave the security of their houses and instead do everything online, Madeline Freeman, the seventeen-year-old daughter of the man who created the national digital school attended by all citizens, is wooed by a group of radicals who are trying to get people to "unplug."
Divining a digital future : mess and mythology in ubiquitous computing
From one of the world's leading experts in cyberpsychology--a discipline that combines psychology, forensics, and technology--comes a groundbreaking exploration of the impact of technology on human behavior. In the first book of its kind, Mary Aiken applies her expertise in cyber-behavioral analysis to a range of subjects, including criminal activity on the Deep Web and Darknet; deviant behavior; Internet addictions; the impact of technology on the developing child; teenagers and the Web; cyber-romance and cyber-friendships; cyberchondria; the future of artificial intelligence; and the positive effects on our digital selves, such as online altruism.
The tuning of place : sociable spaces and pervasive digital media
Emerging pervasive and ubiquitous aspects of information systems : cross-disciplinary advancements
The potential value of ubiquitous services to consumers? practices in urban environment
