http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20746 management systems
management systems
Finnish polytechnics in the regional innovation system : towards new ways of action
Knowledge formation in management research
ERP technology and application development trends
Manufacturing ideology : scientific management in twentieth-century Japan
User's view on battlespace systems
A new approach to the financial management of a radiological department
Managerialism in civil service : a comparison of France and Finland
QoS parameter approach to monitoring of usability of networked C4ISR systems
21st-century Japanese management : new systems, lasting values
Leadership : theory and practice
We live in an age of unparalleled opportunity for innovation. We're building more products than ever before, but most of them fail--not because we can't complete what we set out to build, but because we waste time, money, and effort building the wrong product. What we need is a systematic process for quickly vetting product ideas and raising our odds of success. That's the promise of Running Lean. In this inspiring book, Ash Maurya takes you through an exacting strategy for achieving a "product/market fit" for your fledgling venture, based on his own experience in building a wide array of product.
Managing technologies in research organization : framework for research surplus portfolio
Creating a lean and green business system : techniques for improving profits and sustainability
Causality and multidimensionality of strategic performance management systems : the impact on managers' satisfaction
Mercury beats Minerva? : essays on the accelerating impact of market logic permeating higher education
Running Lean: iterate from plan a to a plan that works
Harmonization and development of management systems: generating the basis for corporate-wide document management system
Value of the Balanced Scorecard for organizational communication in knowledge-intensive firms
Johtamisjärjestelmän auditointiohjeet : standardi = Guidelines for auditing management systems
The average military C4I system user : a Turing's machine or a frightened animal
Specification of common management system requirements as a framework for integration
Management and leadership development
Increasing customer benefits in management systems certification process
Business intelligence strategy : a practical guide for achieving BI excellence
Quality
Total quality management : an introductory text
Integrated management systems implementation tool : a guide for organizational management systems conformant to ISO quality, environmental and occupational health & safety standards
Managing the human factor in information security : how to win over staff and influence business managers
Updating Management Systems of SME’s, Regarding Legislative and Normative Changes
Bricolage, care and information : Claudio Ciborra's legacy in information systems research
C4I2-tools for future battlefield warrior
Introducing quality management : case study for Baltic Yachts Oy Ab Ltd
Guidelines for auditing management systems (ISO 19011:2011)
Management systems for the hotel, catering and allied industries
Leadership roles and management functions in nursing : theory and application
Beyond heroes : a lean management system for healthcare
The daughters of charity and moral management in seventeenth-century France : creating conservative catholics, securing survival
Key management models : the 75+ models every manager needs to know
Distributed situation awareness : theory, measurement, and application to teamwork
Integrating greenness into a balanced scorecard in a food processing company
"Key Management Models has the winning combination of brevity and clarity, giving you short, practical overviews of the top classic and cutting edge management models in an easy-to-use, ready reference format. Whether you want to remind yourself about models you've already come across, or want to find new ones, you'll find yourself referring back to it again and again ... Includes the classic and essential management models from the previous 2 editions. Thoroughly updated to include cutting edge new models. Two-colour illustrations and case studies throughout. It features: strategy models, including the Ansoff matrix; organisational models including the balanced scorecard; finance models, including activity-based costing; marketing and sales models including social network analysis; operations models including lean thinking; innovation models, including disruptive innovation; HR and change models, including Kotter's eight phases of change; leadership models, including Prahalad's bottom of the pyramid. Every model is broken into short 3-6 page chapters, addressing: what it is, when to use it, how to use it, a final analysis, references"--Publisher's description.
ICT standard for management : ICT standard
Integrated ESSQ management : as a part of excellent operational and business management - a framework, integration and maturity
Finnish approach : communication arena
Running lean : iterate from plan A to a plan that works
Outsourcing and management : why the market benchmark will topple old school management styles
Decision making in complex environments
The horizontal leadership
Managing and measuring performance in public and nonprofit organizations : an integrated approach
Value creation : the definitive guide for business leaders
Asian management systems : Chinese, Japanese and Korean styles of business
Learning managers in a transforming economy : the case of Russia 1999-2006
Factors influencing the use of Balanced Scorecards
Roadside MBA : backroad lessons for entrepreneurs, executives, and small business owners
Culture and leadership across the world : the GLOBE book of in-depth studies of 25 societies
Today's nursing leader : managing, succeeding, excelling
Lean hospitals : improving quality, patient safety, and employee satisfaction
Improving business process performance : gain agility, create value, and achieve success
Key management models : the 60+ models every manager needs to know
Integrated management systems : leading strategies and solutions
Things that are good for the planet are also good for business. Numerous studies from the likes of the Economist Intelligence Unit, Harvard, MIT Sloan, and others indicate that organizations that commit to goals of zero waste, zero harmful emissions, and zero use of nonrenewable resources clearly outperform their competition. Like lean thinking, greening your business is not just a 'nice to have'; at least not anymore. It is now a key economic driver for many forward looking firms. This book is packed with case studies and examples that illustrate how leading firms use lean and green as simultaneous sources of inspiration in various sectors of industry - from automotive and retail to textile and brewing. Take Toyota as an example, the holy grail of economic efficiency for decades. This book, shows that Toyota tops the green chart too, describing Toyota's notion of Monozukuri: sustainable manufacturing. Creating a Lean and Green Business System: Techniques for Improving Profits and Sustainability offers opportunities for innovation that can simultaneously reduce dependence on natural resources and enhance global prosperity.
Changeover development with SMED-analysis
Business, marketing, and management principles for IT and engineering
Re-energizing the corporation : how leaders make change happen
Challenges for co-operation in achieving maritime situation awareness (MSA) from the operator's perspective : lessons learned from MNE5 MSA experimentations
Safety, health and productivity of cold work:a management model, implementation and effects
Innovation leadership in different education systems Case: England and Germany
Americanization and its limits : reworking US technology and management in post-war Europe and Japan
Developing the EHSQ management systems: from separate management system to an integrated management system?
Lean is world's most popular management systems. Lean is based on Toyota production system and one of the managers of Toyota, Taiichi Onco has developed the system. In the 21st century, global situation is forcing companies to be more and more efficient. In Lean the company and its employees concentrates on continuous improvement of their work. All the waste is tried to minimize. Lean has different tools to help develop the company's sustainability and profitability. In this thesis work SMED- analysis and 5S were used. When Lean is implemented it is really important that the management fully committed to Lean. When management has affirmative opinion it is easy to get in production. Lean must be accept by the whole organization and then the results are good. All the workers had to accept Lean as way to do work. At the end of the implementation of 5S the visual look of the factory has changed. In 5Soperators of the production machine operators made a huge work. After implementa-tion it is really important that 5S level is sustained Visual look really matters, when ex-ample customer is visiting in the mill. Also in clean environment is better place to work. In SMED- analysis process engineers were train how to do analysis in machine and time study notes for operators movement. When time study workshop was kept also the op-erators were joining. In SMED workshop had good developing ideas for improving the changeover of one production machine. Thesis contains confidential material.
The Executive guide to enterprise risk management : linking strategy, risk and value creation
The 360 degree leader : developing your influence from anywhere in the organization
A variation of spiral development method applied to military command, control and communications system production
Development of the management and cost accounting of wood harvesting in the Republic of Karelia
Visual leaders : new tools for visioning, management, & organization change
Possibilities for improving dependability of C4ISR systems based on Service Oriented Architecture
Becoming a master manager : a competing values approach
Getting things done
Creating a lean culture : tools to sustain lean conversions
Lean organization : from the tools of the Toyota Production System to lean office
Global crises and the crisis of global leadership
The analytic hospitality executive : implementing data analytics in hotels and casinos
The Americanisation of European business : the Marshall Plan and the transfer of US management models
Improving the supply chain performance management system in a Finnish paper mill
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
Supporting the success of an information systems project : viewpoints on education and replacement of the project manager
"This groundbreaking collection on global leadership features innovative and critical perspectives by scholars from international relations, political economy, medicine, law and philosophy, from North and South. The book's novel theorization of global leadership is situated historically within the classics of modern political theory and sociology, relating it to the crisis of global capitalism today. Contributors reflect on the multiple political, economic, social, ecological and ethical crises that constitute our current global predicament. The book suggests that there is an overarching condition of global organic crisis, which shapes the political and organizational responses of the dominant global leadership and of various subaltern forces. Contributors argue that to meaningfully address the challenges of the global crisis will require far more effective, inclusive and legitimate forms of global leadership and global governance than have characterized the neoliberal era"
Leadership and management in healthcare
The lean games book ; participative games for learning lean : an instruction book for facilitators
