http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20774 social media
social media
Intercultural communication on China ́s We Media-WeChat public platform as an example
Double trouble? : a closer look at criminal liability for impostor profiles on social media
How can companies build and maintain trust in social media?
A study of the potential contribution of social media in marketing Gassan Diamonds to tourists in Amsterdam.
Utilizing Social Media in Marketing and in Strengthening the Corporate Image
Evaluating the Impact of Social Media on Relationship Marketing
Digital Communications Plan: Seek Tapahtumasuunnittelu
Applicability of Social Media in Tourism Business
A survey on web 2.0
A more intriguing volunteer computing experience through Drupal and social technology
Using Social Media to Recruit Students in China
Digital marketing strategy for a case company
The utilization of the  renewed marketing communications concept in electronic media
T-shirts with Brains, or is NLP magic?
Content as an engagement tool in business-to-business marketing
Integration of social networking sites (with focus on Facebook) into CRM
Future of the media : sights from the inside
Developing effective online marketing : Case: Company X
Evaluating corporate social media use : on facebook, twitter and blogs
Profile work for authenticity : self-presentation in social network services
Communication model for reputational crisis in social media
Facebook marketing : an hour a day
Making social technologies work : leveraging the power and managing perils of social technologies in business
Pinning down identity in social media: food cultural transfer on Pinterest
Evaluating the Impact of Social Media on Traditional Marketing
Social Media Marketing: a Case Study of Company X
Increasing the Attractiveness and Visibility of Educational In-stitutions Using Modern Marketing Channels : Case: Fontys Minor program
Personal branding on social media : the characteristics of strong personal brands in Finland
Developing the Marketing in the Social Media : Case: Tamhockey Oy
Bloodstream
Digital Marketing of Ninjamails
Proceedings of the 1st Workshop on Defining a European Research Agenda on Information Systems and Management in eMedia Industries : Bled, Slovenia, 9th-13th June 2013
Pinning down identity in social media : Food cultural transfer on Pinterest
Klout matters : how to engage customers, boost your digital influence - and raise your Klout score for success
Finding customers through social media
The application of digital marketing strategies to increase profits of the organization
Facebook For Dummies
A netnographic study of how professionals perceive personal branding in LinkedIn
Social networks : promoting Mexican popular cultures and building a participatory culture
Abstract: Processing of social media post in contact centers. This Master's Thesis explores different aspects of social media use in companies and pro-poses a model for processing social media posts in contact centers.    A social media can be used as a tool for customer service and a new channel for customer to contact a company. When the number of social media posts increases, the company must address this challenge. For this purpose, the company needs guidelines and devel-oped processes for handling social media posts.  This study was launched due to the new social media engagement products in contact center solutions. These products are new and their practical implementations are still largely absent. The aim of this Thesis is to make a proposal how social media posts can be processed in contact centers.    This study was carried out by collecting data through semi-structured interviews from companies operating in different industries. The data were analyzed, and based on the analyses, a model was suggested. The developed model was then discussed with contact center experts.    The result of this Thesis is a model for processing social media posts in contact centers. This model is formed taking into account the customer, the process and the economic as-pects. The suggested model can be further modified to serve those companies use, which intend to process social media post in their contact centers..
Can different forms of social media be used to find new clients? : Case: MacDonald Media
Social media and small business marketing
"I just saw someone die omfg" : multimodal representations of the shooting of Michael Brown on Tumblr
Humanitarian issues on Facebook
Social media is a cocktail party : why you already know the rules of social media marketing
Dialogue instead of a monologue : advertisers' expectations towards the media
Social PR Secrets : how to optimize, socialize, and publicize your brand's news
Analysis of network rumor dissemination and control mechanisms on Chinese social network : Sina Weibo
Enhancing global virtual project collaboration skills through meaningful learning in second life
Russian struggle for sovereignty in cyberspace : social media practice as a continuation of information policy
The Sage handbook of social media research methods
Twitter marketing : an hour a day
Developing social customer service : case Petäys Resort
Cyberbullying for grades : a prevention curriculum for grades 6-12
Planning and Implementation of Marketing Communications Campaign for Finnish Film Princess : Case: The European Union Film Festival 2010
The role of social customer service in online service business : an exploratory case study on Wolt
"I ate an apple today" : suitability of Facebook posts and reactions to norm violations
Seducing students : we have to think things over, for every case is unique
Practical Usage of Social Media Networks in Business - A Guideline to Facebook Utilization
MobileMonday culture : the lure of participatory space
"Hold on! Apua tulossa." : English practices among Finnish Twitter users
ICT and Facebook Use among Finnish Adolecents : a study of social network analysis
Probing the new media landscape : and planting copyright in the e-nvironment
Social Media and Internet Tools in the Hospitality Marketing
The Facebook diet
A firm's activity in social media and its relationship with corporate reputation, firm size and firm performance
Blogosphere and its exploration
Confessions in social media : performative, constrained, authentic and participatory self-represenstations in vlogs
The influence of social media on employee recruitment. (Cameroon Development cooperation)
Incorporating social media, digital learning tools and CLIL in language room
And the clients went wild! : how savvy professionals win all the business they want
A Methodology for Developing Applications on Social Networking Sites
The dynamics of marketing have changed rapidly during the past five years, bringing new opportunities as well as challenges for marketers. As people are becoming less responsive to traditional means of marketing, the various social media have become a relevant part of companies' daily media mix. Social media have also increased their popularity among mothers in the UK and the concept of “mummy blogging” has come into being. As these bloggers are very influential, they are valuable targets for marketers. This is also a current concern for Cupcake Mum which is a members' club for families, particularly for mothers and mothers-to-be. This London-based company was the sponsor organisation of this thesis study. The purpose of this thesis was to study the marketing prospects of social media and to ascertain how to best use them as a strategic marketing channel to reach families, mothers and expectant mothers, which form the target audience of Cupcake Mum. The objective of the study was to learn what social media platforms the target group uses, how often they use them and for what reasons. The theoretical section reflects on the social media revolution and discusses the mummy blogging phenomenon in the UK. A quantitative study method was used to obtain more practical information as the research wanted to study the interests, behaviour, and motivations towards social media of the research group, i.e. Cupcake Mum. A social media survey was conducted among the members of Cupcake Mum through an electronic newsletter, and the data were collected in spring 2011. An observation that emerged throughout this entire social media research study is that the world of mothers is complex and busy. Therefore, this specific target group can be very challenging for a marketer to reach. In the social media survey, Facebook proved to be the most popular social media platform among members, since most of the respondents use this medium daily. However, it is crucial to use various social media platforms, as UK mothers seem to search for information from a number of sources. Using social media tools ensures that Cupcake Mum Ltd can take advantage of various user-friendly and familiar channels related to different kinds of club member interactions.
Managing social media data for digital marketing purposes
Impacts of social media on consumer behavior : decision making process
Crowdfunding for a Novelty Product : Case Study: Goodio Cools
The rise of the platform marketer : performance marketing with Google, Facebook, and Twitter, plus the latest high-growth digital advertising platforms
Abstract: The thesis studied rich media Internet applications, especially with regard to collaborative services in social media. The various types of existing and potential content and their production processes were investigated. In addition, the applicable technical solutions for producing rich multimedia online were discovered. The field was studied by examining previous research and the views of influential thinkers about the subject. As a case study, the production of a website consisting of various social media elements was examined, and the results verified many of the findings in secondary research. The site included an example of a more innovative rich media application, and experiences from its production process were used to define guidelines for the production of similar services in the future. The project corroborated the view that the user base of social media is heavily segmented, and a small minority typically produces the vast majority of content. A smaller minority participates less, whereas most users tend to be mainly passive. Therefore, if a service aims to reach large amounts of users, the provision of several levels of participation activity was recommended in the thesis. On the technical side, modern open source solutions were found to integrate well into rich media productions, while the use of Adobe Flash technology continues to be necessary for the implementation of certain features.
Social media in public diplomacy : survey on the social media communication of the Finnish missions abroad
Social Media Marketing for Business-to-Business Organizations
Using social media to boost Indo-European research & innovation
Project management in practice : Evaluating a case project through project management theories
Effective Social Media Marketing and Content Marketing Influence Customer Awareness and Interest in Bakery Industry  The Case Study of Royal Bakery
Processing of social media posts in contact centers
EKE-Rakennus Oy Social Media Marketing Case Study
An investigation of wiki as a company’s communication and knowledge management tool
The purpose of this thesis is to answer the question: Who is the audience when a company is sharing information in social media? Is it only the friends of owners and workers, old clients, or is there a chance to obtain new clients and business contacts through these media? Another problem to be addressed is the question of what types of information or content a media agency should produce and share that would attract potential clients. This thesis is a case study and the case company is a small Out Of Home Media planning and buying agency called MacDonald Media, located in the United States. The theoretical part of this thesis concentrates on the different forms of Social Media, how the Internet has changed from a marketing point of view, and what kinds of previous research have been conducted on this subject. Other important elements include discussing what makes Business-to-Business more challenging for Social Media marketing and why personal sales are extremely important for B-to-B. The research portion of this thesis consists of qualitative research based on e-mail interviews with MacDonald Media's West Coast GM Rick Robinson and a phone interview with Johanna Janhonen, a Finnish Social Media specialist. My own observations during an internship with MacDonald Media have also influenced the research section. When analyzing the data, I tried to find connections between these two interviews to answer the research problem and to discover how companies were already using Social Media. I also tried to find connections between these interviews and my theoretical conclusions, e.g. that Social Media marketing is not as simple for B-to-B as it is for B-to-C companies. The results show that it is difficult for B-to-B companies to directly find new client contacts through Social Media. Though there are advantages, including an improved ease to connect people, share knowledge and information, and build and protect a company brand. LinkedIn and Twitter appear to be the best forums for a Business-to-Business company like MacDonald Media to be visible in the online world.
The Impact of Social Networking at HAAGA-HELIA
Social media in the purchasing of knowledge-intensive business services
Creating an international community based online platform operated from Jyväskylä
Preliminary results on the field study of the social media application enhanced with sensors as the basis for wellbeing monitoring
Blogging all-in-one for dummies
A multi-level study of the impact of social media on change management
The objective of this study was to gather information about features of quality documentaries for the needs of social media and social media video sharing services. The thesis investigated how the production process influenced the quality of a documentary film for those services. The main research question for the thesis was: How does one produce a good documentary for social media video sharing service? The research methodologies used in the study were data collection and analysis, as well as process analysis of media production processes. The results of the study suggest that the production of quality documentaries for social media video sharing services does not differ from creating one for any other distribution platform. The findings based on the study indicate that the quality of the documentary films for social media video sharing services is connected to how well the production process of the documentary film was conducted. Further research is required how the traditional distribution channels and social media video sharing services will divide the revenues on the distribution.
Social Media in the Enterprise : Modern tool for the new product development process
What do bloggers think about Iittala and how does the company want to be visible in social media
Social media in marketing communications planning for entrepreneurs
E-habits : what you must do to optimize your professional digital presence : brand yourself with strategic social networking, proactive e-mail practices, an impressive online profile
Kymenlaakso University of Applied Sciences Social Media Marketing Campaign
The social media survival guide : everything you need to know grow your business exponentially with social media
Social capital in virtual communities : a comparison of Cyworld and Second Life
Digital content marketing in the business-to-business context : a case study on marketing communications agencies
Media relations after the introduction of social media
Facebook Application Development
Systemic approach to learning paradigms and  the use of social media in higher education
Adoption of Twitter in Finland: the young Finnish speakers
Social media landscapes : tracing the uses and functions of a hybrid sign
Implementation plan for an online business community - A case study in logistics
Twitter tips, tricks, and tweets
Developing Tourism Web Service for Russian Tourists: Case Moi Helsinki
The spanning tree based approach for solving the shortest path problem in social graphs
Identity is the new money
Real-time sentiment analysis of Twitter public stream
Twitter application development for dummies
Social media news patterns : An international overview of frequently used social media news patterns
Social media marks : adapting traditional rights protection to the evolving communications landscape
Developing social media marketing for Cupcake Mum Ltd
Trademarks and social media : towards algorithmic justice
The Future Development of The New County Hotel
The nature of viral marketing videos shared on an online social networking site, Facebook
The blog as a communication tool : an analysis of Finnish museums' blogs
The inflatable woman
Blog marketing in tourism : case study: Outdoors Finland for Bloggers 2014
Brilliant online marketing : how to use the Internet to market your business
Social media marketing & Kymenlaakso University of Applied Sciences
Facebook and branding of Stronghold Gym
This is social media : tweet, blog, link and post your way to business success
The use of social media to improve social work education in remote areas
About me(n) : a study of UK-based heterosexual men's identity construction in online dating profiles
Factors that make a marketing cam-paign go viral : Case study: Campaign ”Share a Coke” by Coca Cola in Vietnam
The Effects of Social Media in the Hotel Sector: A report for WinHotels
Teachers’ Motivation to Participate in Online Communities – Case: Massidea.org
Crowdsourcing geographic knowledge : volunteered geographic information (VGI) in theory and practice
Forecasting with social media : using Facebook likes to predict the results of the 2015 Finnish parliamentary elections
Insights into Social CRM adoption in Finnish companies
Sams teach yourself Twitter in 10 minutes
Internet simplified
Marketing Communications of a Hotel in Social Media
Motivational drivers of customer brand engagement and its effect on share of wallet in a social media context
Post-industrial 2.0 : social web as the second coming of the post-industrial society
Documentary films in social media video sharing services
Collaborative creation of advanced content in social media services
Building OpenSocial apps : a field guide to working with the MySpace platform
Museums for social harmony : public education and museums
The use of instagram for destination marketing : case Tourism Australia
Exploring the meaningful learning of students in Second Life
Klout for dummies
Social media as an integrated marketing communications channel in business-to-business marketing
Influencing user-generated content creation in B2B context
Facebook for grown-ups
Instaworld! : full of cute pics, facts and fun!
ROI of social media : how to improve the return on your social marketing investment
Using net promoter® system in social customer relationship management : case Sonera
Traditional and social media marketing comparison : case: the Coca-Cola Company
How to do everything with your web 2.0 blog
Developing a social media marketing strategy for the horse industry customer group : Case: Avant Tecno UK LTD
Recruitment & Social networking : The Future for International Recruitment Agency A
