http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2076 summer cottages
summer cottages
Konstnärernas ö = Islet for the artists
The not so log cabin
Kalamaja Hiittisten saaristo = Fishing cottage Hiittinen archipelago
Abstract.
We all need to be somewhere else, just for a little while. The cabin is that somewhere else. They allow us to get into a different state of mind, one where we can just have a good time. Four walls and a roof and a weekend--these getaways free us from the distracting and unessential, and put us back in touch with nature and our own inner peace. In cabins, we can savor solitude or share experiences with friends among mountains, rivers, woods, and wildlife. The Hinterland explores architecture and design approaches to creating the refuges that refresh and revitalize amidst the beauty of nature.
Matkailutilasto = Turismstatistik = Tourism statistics. 2011.
Real estate and destination development in tourism : successful strategies and instruments
Summary: Control of use and dynamics of natural resources in private land areas.
A home for leisure
Multiple dwelling and tourism : negotiating place, home and identity
Sammanfattning (summary in swedish).
Self catering in Britain
Kesämökit = Fritidshus = Free-time residences. 2003
Shed chic
Second home tourism in Finland : perceptions of citizens and municipalities on the state and development of second home tourism
Rock the shack : the architecture of cabins, cocoons and hide-outs
Wooden houses from log cabins to beach houses
Kesämökit = Fritidshus = Free-time residences. 2002
At the water's edge : summer escapes for easy living
National action plan for island policy 2012-2015 : islands, sea, lakes, rivers and littoral as regional development assets
Buildings and free-time residences
Private houses
Second home tourism : the root to displacement in Sweden
Hide and seek : the architecture of cabins and hide-outs
Matkailutilasto 2002 = Tourism statistics
The guest cottage
The dacha kingdom : summer dwellers and dwellings in the Baltic area
Tourism, mobility and second homes : between elite landscape and common ground
Summary : The Savo cottage -  open design competition.
Second homes : European perspectives and UK policies
Suomalainen mökki = The Finnish summer cottage
A strom in a teacup
Living in the forest : meanings and use of recreational residences
Bag of bones
Enchanted August
Small change, big difference : quality development project at Camping Svanen
Matkailutilasto 2003 = Tourism statistics
Product development - part of marketing research of Saarimökki
A Summer with Kim Novak
Kesätalo ulkosaaristossa : Loma-asunto Gullichsen, Hiittinen = Summer cottage in the outer archipelago
Architectural digest private views inside the world's greatest homes
Afterword : summer houses and saunas, parks and libraries - spaces of private and public consumption in Finland
150 best cottage and cabin ideas
This too shall pass
The new cottage home
The hinterland : cabins, love shacks and other hide-outs
Nordic tourism : issues and cases
Second homes for dummies
Second homes and summer cottages in Finland
The highly individual cabins, hideaways, and summer homes featured in Hide and Seek offer their owners exceptional, yet convenient ways to escape urban routines and embed themselves into the land. These imaginative structures meld traditional architecture with modern living in fascinating and surprising ways. Whether located in the forest, on the water, or in the mountains; whether light and minimalistic or dark and cozy, the compelling dwellings exemplify how to create remote shelters that bring calm and balance to our hectic lives. With the right concept, furniture, decor, and atmosphere, even small or basic designs become stunning sanctuaries.
Recreation value and quality of Finnish surface waters : revealed preferences, individual perceptions and spatial issues
Changing second home landscape: a study in cultural geography.
Matkailutilasto 1997 = Tourism statistics
Finnish summer houses
Kesämökit = Fritidshus = Free-time residences. 2004.
Summary.
Hideaways
Tourism, mobility, and second homes : between elite landscape and common ground
My cool shed : an inspirational guide to stylish hideaways and workspaces
Kesämökit = Fritidshus = Free-time residences. 2005
The godson's memories of Risto Tuomikoski as a person, in the field and at the microscope
Tupa ulkosaaristossa = A cabin in the archipelago
