http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20706 school drop-outs
school drop-outs school dropouts
From the classroom to the corner : female dropouts' reflections on their school years
The element : how finding your passion changes everything
Summary (s. 11-24).
Approaches to inter-professional collaboration and the well-being of low-motivated pupils
Last chance high : how girls and boys drop in and out of alternative schools
School sucks! : arguments for alternative education
Labor market performance of dropouts: the role of personality
"Dropping out," drifting off, being excluded : becoming somebody without school
Personality and labour market outcomes
Hanging in and dropping out : voices of at-risk high school students
School dropout and completion : international comparative studies in theory and policy
Learning to leave : the irony of schooling in a coastal community
Makelle (Ethiopia) elementary school drop-out 1967
Invisible children in the society and its schools
School dropout remains a persistent and critical issue in many school systems, so much so that it is sometimes referred to as a crisis. Populations across the globe have come to depend on success at school for establishing careers and gaining access to post-school qualifications. Yet large numbers of young people are excluded from the advantages that successful completion of school brings and as a result are subjected to consequences such as higher likelihood of unemployment, lower earnings, greater dependence on welfare and poorer physical health and well-being. Over recent decades, most western nations have stepped up their efforts to reduce drop out and raise school completion rates while maintaining high standards. How school systems have approached this, and how successful they are, varies. This book compares the various approaches by evaluating their impact on rates of dropout and completion. Case studies of national systems are used to highlight the different approaches including institutional arrangements and the various alternative secondary school programs and their outcomes. The evaluation is based on several key questions: What are the main approaches? How do they work? For whom do they work? And, how successful are they in promoting high rates of completion and equivalent outcomes for all? This book examines the nature of the dropout problem in advanced industrialized countries with the goal of developing a broader, international understanding that can feed into public policy to help improve completion rates worldwide. -- back cover.
Truancy prevention and intervention : a practical guide
Summary in Finnish (Yhteenveto)
The element is the point at which natural talent meets personal passion. When people arrive at the element, they feel most themselves and most inspired and achieve at their highest levels. The Element draws on the stories of a wide range of people, from ex-Beatle Paul McCartney to Matt Groening, creator of The Simpsons; from Meg Ryan to Gillian Lynne, who choreographed the Broadway productions of Cats and The Phantom of the Opera; and from writer Arianna Huffington to renowned physicist Richard Feynman and others, including business leaders and athletes. It explores the components of this new paradigm: The diversity of intelligence, the power of imagination and creativity, and the importance of commitment to our own capabilities. With a wry sense of humor, Ken Robinson looks at the conditions that enable us to find ourselves in the element and those that stifle that possibility. He shows that age and occupation are no barrier, and that once we have found our path we can help others to do so as well. The Element shows the vital need to enhance creativity and innovation by thinking differently about human resources and imagination. It is also an essential strategy for transforming education, business, and communities to meet the challenges of living and succeeding in the twenty-first century.
No more failures : ten steps to equity in education
