http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20704 cochlear implants
cochlear implants
Deafness and Education in the UK : Research Perspectives
Now, parents of deaf children have at hand a complete guide to the process of cochlear implantation. Written by two eminent professionals in deaf education, this book explains in a friendly, easy-to-follow style each stage of the process. Parents will discover how to have their child evaluated to determine her of his suitability for an implant. They'll learn about implant device options, how to choose an implant center, and every detail of the surgical procedure. The initial "switch-on" is described along with counselling about device maintenance. Most importantly, parents will learn their roles in helping their child adjust to and successfully use the cochlear implant. The book emphasizes such critical subjects as learning to listen through home activities, implants as tools for language development, and critical issues regarding school placement. This encouraging book considers the implications for performance in light of the whole child, including issues related to deaf culture and cochlear implants. The many quotes from parents who are considering the procedure for their own child. With a last word on parenting perspectives and a rich source of resources in the appendices, this one-of-a-kind guide will arm parents of deaf children with complete confidence to make informed decisions about cochlear implantation.
The way in which education is provided for deaf children in both special settings and mainstream schools is changing, as are the demands made on teachers. Written by specialists, this book responds by providing a comprehensive, accessible and up-to-date account of recent research and current issues in educational policy, psychology, linguistics and audiology, as they relate to deaf education. It also provides detailed information about further reading. The book will appeal to student teachers and teachers of the deaf; teachers in mainstream schools; academics working in the area of deafness and disability; audiologists and cochlear implant teams; and parents of deaf children and members of the deaf community.
Rebuilt : how becoming part computer made me more human
Choices in Deafness, since 1987 the preeminent guide to communication options, is now extensively revised and expanded to provide the complete scope of information parents of children with deafness or hearing loss need. From assessment and diagnosis to medical/audiological treatments, and from the latest types of cochlear implants and procedures to education and technology devices, this new edition presents a balance of research, guidance, and insight from experts and families.Seven new chapters plus an audio CD cover: -Universal Newborn Screening (implemented in 38 states, this required screening detects hearing loss much earlier, and has doubled the number of children found to have hearing loss) Auditory Neuropathy (a cause of hearing loss where the timing of sound is seriously disrupted, and which has only recently been understood) -Genetic Causes of Deafness (describes genetic testing and counseling in light of research that shows over 60% of deafness in children is due to genetic or hereditary causes) -The Transformation of Dreams (explores a shift in emotional outlook experienced by a parent/clinical psychologist upon learning her child is deaf) -Identifying a Program of Excellence (what to look for in an education program for your child in addition to the chosen communication option) -Communication Technology (services and devices that let deaf people communicate via phone, cell phone, Internet,video) -Making It in College (personal accounts of four students about how they communicate and socialize at college) -What Hearing Loss Sounds Like (a seven-minute audio CD depicts what speech sounds like as it simulates how hearing loss can affect pitch, loudness, and timing) As in the previous edition, Choices in Deafness presents five unbiased approaches to communication--Auditory-Verbal, ASL-English Bilingual, Cued Speech, Auditory-Oral, and Total Communication--and provides parents' first-person accounts of what it's like to use a specific method. Reading and resource lists round out this essential guide for parents.
The praeger guide to hearing and hearing loss : assessment, treatment, and prevention
Surgical consent : bioethics and cochlear implantation
My brother John
Literacy and your deaf child : what every parent should know
Issues in deaf education
The book addresses every facet of the ongoing controversy about implanting cochlear hearing devices in children as young as 12 months old and in some cases, younger. Authors and contributors analyzed the sensitive issues connected with the procedure by reviewing 439 responses to a survey of parents with children who have cochlear implants. They followed up with interviews of the parents of children who have had a year's experience using their implants, and also the children themselves. Their findings shape the core of this useful and telling study. The book begins with a history of their development and an explanation of how implants convert sound into electric impulses that stimulate the brain. The second section focuses of pediatric implants, starting with the ways parents coped with the discovery that their child was deaf. Parents share how they learned about cochlear implants and how they chose an implant center. They also detari theri children's expreriences with the implants after surgery, and their progress with language acquisition and in school. The final part treats the controversy associated with cochlear implants, particularly the reaction of the Deaf community and the ethics of implanting young children without their consent. The book concludes with sage observations and recommendations for parents and professionals that complete it as the essential book on the pros and cons of this burgeoning technology.
Cochlear implants in children : ethics and choices
To be or to become : language and learning in the lives of young deaf children
Cognitive auditory evoked potentials in investigation of hearing discrimination
The cochlear implant debate has changed, as evidenced in this cogent collection that presents 13 chapters by 20 experts, including several who communicate through sign language but also utilize cochlear implants. The impetus for this change stems from recognition that both visual and aural input can enhance the education of deaf children. Divided into four sections, Cochlear Implants: Evolving Perspectives first focuses on the impact of implants in the Deaf community. Chapters in this section examine the issues driving the cochlear implant debate, the ethics of genetic engineering, experiences of implanted adult deaf signers, reflections of deaf mothers who have had their children implanted, and the effects of implants on deaf identity. The second section delves into the mechanics of bimodal processing, including listening strategies that can benefit signing children with cochlear implants. The third section surveys combined aural/visual educational approaches, such as teaching implanted children in an ASL/English bilingual classroom, and applying auditory rehabilitation to a signed communication context. The final section challenges readers to reframe the debate first by exploring sensory politics, then by envisioning an emerging world that requires the Deaf community to connect with it to secure its future. With this information, readers will reach their own conclusions about cochlear implants and auditory and visual approaches to the mastery of both spoken and signed languages.
Deaf babies and cochlear implantation : the impact on early verbal communication development
Cochlear implants for young children : the Nottingham approach to assessment and rehabilitation
Psychotherapy with deaf clients from diverse groups
Most stories about disabled people are written for the sake of being inspirational. These stories tend to focus on some achievement, such as sports or academics, but rarely do they give a true and complete view of the challenges individuals must deal with on a daily basis. For example: How does a deaf-blind person interact with hearing-sighted people at a family reunion? How does she shop for groceries? What goes through his mind when he enters a classroom full of non-handicapped peers? These aren’t questions you are likely to find answers to while reading that incredible tale of success. They are, however, issues that a deaf-blind person wishes others understood. Deaf-Blind Reality: Living the Life explores what life is really like for persons with a combination of vision and hearing loss, and in a few cases, other disabilities as well. Editor Scott M. Stoffel presents extensive interviews with 12 deaf-blind individuals, including himself, who live around the world, from Missouri to New Zealand, Louisiana to South Africa, and Ohio to England. These contributors each describe their families’ reactions and the support they received; their experiences in school and entering adulthood; and how they coped with degeneration, ineffective treatments, and rehabilitation. Each discusses their personal education related to careers, relationships, and communication, including those with cochlear implants. Deaf-Blind Reality offers genuine understanding of the unspectacular but altogether daunting challenges of daily life for deaf-blind people.
Cochlear implants : principles & practices
The chapters in this book are the reviewed and edited keynote presentations from the 7th International Conference hosted by the Skådalen Resource Centre and the Department of Special Needs Education in Oslo, March 19th and 20th, 2007. The conference was designed to engage researchers, professionals and parents on essential contemporary issues related to the education of the deaf children and their transitions into adulthood. The authors therefore spread over the fields of education, medicine, philosophy, psychology, social anthropology and linguistics – covering many of the issues that are relevant growing up with a hearing loss. The aim of the conference was to trace and identify some of the main features of existing and emerging educational discourse(s), their affiliations with other prevailing discourses and the development and articulation of coherent and useful discourses for educators and other stakeholders concerned with the educational development of deaf learners. This publication will be of interest to a range of individuals including, teachers, parents, researchers, sign linguists, speech and language therapists, teacher educators and those working in the fields of audiology and auditory education.
Mental health services for deaf people : treatment advances, opportunities, and challenges
Adjustment to Acquired Hearing Loss - Analyses, Change and Learning
Speech audiometry
Deafblindness and cochlear implantation in children
Bilingualism and bilingual deaf education
The Deaf way II reader : perspectives from the second international conference on deaf culture
Developmental theory and language disorders
Psychological processes in deaf children with complex needs: : an evidence-based practical guide
No dignity for Joshua : More vital insight into deaf children, deaf education and deaf culture
Working with children with cochlear implants
Practical hearing aid selection and fitting
Deaf in Japan : Signing and the politics of identity
There is convincing evidence that post-lingually deaf adults and children benefit from cochlear implantation. However, implant surgery on young pre-lingually deaf children is an area of controversy. This report analyses the psychological and psycho-social consequences of cochlear implantations in children. It also provides an overview of the current policy and practice in ten European countries. The report concludes that intensive rehabilitation is needed to guarantee a succesful outcome and that the use of a cochlear implant in children should be combined with the learning of a sign language.
The acquisition of personal pronouns in cochlear-implanted children
Perspectives on deafness
Cochlear implants
Cochlear implants : evolving perspectives
Overcoming deafness : the story of hearing and language
Parents' views on changes in their child's communication and linguistic and socioemotional development after cochlear implantation
School professionals working with children with cochlear implants
The chapters in this book are the key presentations from the 6th International Conference hosted by Skådalen Resource Centre and the Department of Special Needs Education in Oslo, October 2005 - To be or to become: Language and learning in the lives of young deaf children The aim of the conference was to relate recent knowledge on language development and learning in young children in general to the issues faced by professionals working with young deaf children. We believe this publication will be of interest to a range of individuals including, teachers, parents, researchers, linguists, speech and language therapists, teacher educators and those working in the fields of audiology and auditory education.
Cochlear implant rehabilitation in children and adults
I can hear you whisper : an intimate journey through the science of sound and language
The cochlear implant : parents tell their story
Speech and sign perception in deaf children with cochlear implants
Cochlear implants : what parents should know
Hearing and deafness : an introduction for health and education professionals
Cochlear implants : a collection of experiences of users of all ages
The effects of hearing impairments on learning, social development and family life can be profound. They can impact on attachment, parenting and family interaction, and can affect cognitive and neuropsychological processes including perception and memory.  This guide draws on the latest evidence to explain the impact of hearing impairment and uses case studies to focus on the key issues for assessment and intervention. It also suggests practical strategies for treatment and development for those working with hearing impaired children.
Musical perception of a deafblind cochlear implant user
Cued speech and cued language for deaf and hard of hearing children
Reflections : my life in the Deaf and Hearing worlds
Constructing educational discourses on deafness
The acquisition of verbal morphology in cochlear implanted and specific language impaired children
The syllable in speech production
Cochlear implants in deaf children
John gets ready for school
Coming to my senses : one woman's cochlear implant journey
One out of every eight people between the ages of 18 and 67 in the United States has a hearing loss, estimated as 12 percent of the working-age population. Sound Sense: Living and Learning with Hearing Loss addresses the acute need of these people to function at the highest level in these income-earning years, the longest phase in their lives. In nine pointed chapters, author Sara Laufer Batinovich, who also has lost her hearing, shares her experience and knowledge in turning every challenge into an opportunity to become one’s best self-advocate. Batinovich begins in the workplace, advising on winning a job, keeping it, and developing a long-term career, plus how to reduce stress and establish fulfilling professional relationships with colleagues. She offers tips on communication ranging from having sales people face you for easier speechreading to parsing boarding announcements at airports and play-by-play at ballparks. Her practical handbook also provides step-by-step guidance for getting a hearing aid or a cochlear implant and finding one’s way through prickly insurance claim mazes. Sound Sense features information on finding a service dog, securing legally mandated accommodations for continuing education, tips on exercise and health, and even sensitive suggestions on strengthening personal relationships. Batinovich’s vivacious style and her own anecdotes add an upbeat, genuine sensibility to her book’s value as a positive guide to living with hearing loss.
From silence to sounds : outcomes of cochlear implantation in Finnish adults and children
Biocompatibility of polylactides in the middle ear : an experimental animal study
Artificial ear : cochlear implants and the culture of deafness
The parents' guide to Cochlear Implants
Cochlear implants : principles and practices
The Politics of visual language : Deafness, language choice, and political socialization
A Report of the Task Force on the National Strategic Research Plan
Access : multiple avenues for deaf people
Choices in deafness : A parents' guide to communication options
Specifically developed as a current and comprehensive look at the rapidly evolving field of deaf education, this first edition text covers a wide array of critical topics regarding deaf and hard-of-hearing education including cognition, social development, personal development, myths and misconceptions, postsecondary opportunities and employment, cochlear implants, and personnel training.
Oxford handbook of deaf studies, language, and education : volume 1
Deaf Esprit : Inspiration, Humor and Wisdom from the Deaf Community
Cochlear implants : a practical guide
Music for children with hearing loss : a resource for parents and teachers
The handbook of speech perception
Advances and emerging topics in perioperative pediatric nursing
Choices in deafness : a parents' guide to communication options
The deaf child in a hearing family  : nurturing development
Deafness and hearing loss : the essential guide
Deaf Children in China
Sound sense : Living and learning with hearing loss
Deaf education : changed by cochlear implantation?
Ethical considerations in educating children who are deaf or hard of hearing
Clinical management of children with cochlear implants
Policy on cochlear implants
Viewpoints on Deafness
Summary.
"An investigation into the science of hearing, child language acquisition, neuroplasticity, brain development, and Deaf culture spurred by Lydia Denworth's discovery that her son couldn't hear her lullabies and the family's life-altering decision to give him a cochlear implant. Lydia Denworth's third son, Alex, was almost two when he was diagnosed with profound and progressive hearing loss. As both a science writer and the mother of young children, Denworth was steeped in messages about the importance of enrichment to the developing brain. She became determined to do whatever it took to allow Alex to hear and acquire spoken language, a quest that ultimately led to a controversial piece of emergent "superhero technology": the cochlear implant. In this engrossing journey to the frontiers of science, readers will learn why sound is so important to the developing brain, what new possibilities come from the latest research, and what exactly is going on when you focus your hearing at a cocktail party. Denworth goes beyond her personal experience with her son, interviewing the world's leading experts on child language development and hearing technology, leaders in the deaf community, and neuroscientists. I Can Hear You Whisper weaves together Alex's story with the tales of two scientific revolutions: the centuries-long quest to develop the cochlear implant and science's changing understanding of the brain's remarkable plasticity-all told against the sometimes-incendiary backdrop of identity politics and medical ethics. "--
Cochlear implants and other implantable hearing devices
Language choices and the need for interpreting services for deaf children and young people with cochlear implants
On the fence : the hidden world of the hard of hearing
Pitch-related auditory skills in children with cochlear implants : the role of auditory working memory, attention and music
Deaf-blind reality : living the life
Deaf and hearing impaired pupils in mainstream schools
Adult cochlear implant rehabilitation
Language learning in children who are deaf and hard of hearing : multiple pathways
3rd International Congress of Paediatric Audiology : Access to communication
Deaf world : a historical reader and primary sourcebook
This new book is a comprehensive resource for school-based professionals who work with the increasing number of children with cochlear implants. Focusing on giving the reader critical background information, the well-known authors begin with the history, technology, and functionality of cochlear implants. They cover the changes seen in the populations now utilizing these devices and describe how the impact of having an implant can affect a child. Finally, they highlight how the clinician and team providing services can best address each child’s individual needs. Special consideration is given to the multidisciplinary team and the culture of collaboration: handling the effects of family influence and participation, issues of special populations (such as non-English-speaking parents), and providing services that best address individual children’s needs. Throughout the text, the authors address new questions and issues resulting from the rapidly evolving technology. The authors detail the effects of more and younger children receiving cochlear implants entering into school systems and discuss the emerging and increased role of the speech pathologist. The book is the ideal guide and supplies the school professional with tools for providing the best possible direction and options for children with cochlear implants.
Deaf education in the 21st century : topics and trends
Cochlear Implant and Bilingualism : a Workshop Report March 1995.
Mental health care of deaf people : a culturally affirmative approach
Proceedings of the 18th International Congress on Education of the Deaf : Volume II
Cochlear implants for kids
The Oxford handbook of deaf studies in language
