http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20786 solar collectors
solar collectors solar thermal collectors
The role and opportunities for solar energy in Finland and Europe
Solar technology : the Earthscan expert guide to using solar energy for heating, cooling, and electricity
The switch
Architectural Integration and Design of Solar Thermal Systems
Solar water heating : a comprehensive guide to solar water and space heating systems
Solar domestic water heating : the Earthscan expert handbook for planning, design, and installation
Developing the second generation of  nordic solar collectors
Biohousing-projekti = Biohousing-project : Tee-se-itse-aurinkolämpökeräimen rakentaminen = Do-It-Yourself Flat-Plate Sun Collector
Potential of solar energy in Finland : research for Solar Leap
Solar energy perspectives
Abstract.
Towards zero energy architecture : new solar design
Issues on analysis and design of single-phase grid-connected photovoltaic inverters
BioHousing-projekti : tee-se-itse-aurinkolämpökeräimen rakentaminen =  BioHousing-project : do-it-yourself flat-plate sun collector
Grid-connected solar electric systems the Earthscan expert handbook for planning, design, and installation
Research and comparison of maximum power point tracking algorithms for photovoltaic systems
Introducing the solar tower project in Netherlands according to the enviromission project in Australia
Nordic Solar is an architecturally fully integrated unglazed solar thermal collector, manufactured by the company Aurubis Finland Oy. The collector consists of a patinated copper absorber with a hidden solar thermal energy system on the back. The purpose of this study was to propose cost effective solutions for the second generation of Nordic Solar products. The objective was to find and analyse different alternatives for improving the collector by reducing its costs and increasing its applications, without altering the efficiency, architectural integration or lifespan of the product.   The Nordic Solar product is evaluated through SWOT analysis, and its main comparable competitors are investigated. The European solar thermal market and current trends in solar integration are evaluated to determine the market potential of the product. Different collector structure designs and joining methods to attach the pipes to the absorbers are studied, and the possibilities of expanding the product applications are analysed. The study is supported with research methods, mechanical tests, manufactured samples, and observations from pilot plant and simulation models. Development proposals that improve the system have been made. Further development and pilot testing is required to validate them. Research and results are covered by a confidentiality agreement.
"Solar Domestic Water Heating is a comprehensive introduction to all aspects of solar domestic water heating systems. As fossil fuel prices continue to rise and awareness of climate change grows, interest in domestic solar water heating is expanding. Solar water heating technology is the most environmentally-friendly way to heat water. This fully-illustrated and easy-to-follow guide shows how domestic solar water heating systems work, the different types of systems, types of collectors, both flat plate and evacuated tube, types of storage tanks and other accessories. It also shows how systems are installed and explains how solar water heating can be integrated into existing water heating systems. Numerous examples from around the world have been included. The ideal guide for plumbers, heating engineers, builders and architects, housing and property developers, home owners and DIY enthusiasts, and anyone who needs a clear introduction to solar water heating technology."--Publisher's description.
The off-grid energy handbook
Effects of non-tracking solar collector orientation on energy production : photovoltaic systems
The purpose of this thesis work was to research the bottlenecks in solar energy, to calculate energy payback time and to increase solar energy in Finland. This thesis was made as part of the Solarleap project, where Turku University of Applied Sciences and Satakunta University of Applied Sciences are partners together. This thesis is the first step on this project, and there will be more researches when the project goes forward. The theory part consists of solar energy and its effectiveness in Finland. The most common photovoltaic and thermal photovoltaic technologies are also presented. In the theory part, renewable energy sources and possibilities in Finland and also photovoltaics supply chain is discussed. The research part includes a discussion on the bottlenecks in solar energy, the investment costs of photovoltaic systems and the payback time of energy. Solar energy has lots of potential in Finland, but solar energy?s market share is small and the knowhow could be better. Also the energy payback time is bigger than in Europe.
Solar thermal systems : successful planning and construction
Building-integrated photovoltaics : photovoltaics, building envelope, thin film solar cell, polymer, pitched roof, solarmer energy, Inc
Photovoltaics in Buildings : A Design Handbook for Architects and Engineers
"Around the world, countries and companies are investing in solar generation capacity on an unprecedented scale, and, as a consequence, costs continue to fall and technologies improve. This publication gives an authoritative view of these technologies and market trends, in both advanced and developing economies, while providing examples of the best and most advanced practices.  It also provides a unique guide for policy makers, industry representatives and concerned stakeholders on how best to use, combine and successfully promote the major categories of solar energy: solar heating and cooling, photovoltaic and solar thermal electricity, as well as solar fuels." --
