http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20819 crisis work
crisis work crisis response
From conflicts to development : an introduction to EU civilian crisis management
Talking with children and young people about death and dying
This paper reports on the process and findings of an extensive research project with the aim of investigating present initiatives and approaches within the area of community resilience and citizen involvement. The paper specifically addresses which emerging sociotechnical approaches can be discerned within these initiatives. The discussion is structured within three categories of potential voluntary engagement; organized volunteers, semiorganized individuals, and “nonorganized” individuals. The empirical material assembled in the research project is contrasted with contemporary international research literature regarding sociotechnical means for enhancing community resilience. Swedish approaches, as is noted in the Conclusion of the paper, are primarily focused on consuming information in the pre-event phase, rather than on producing information and engaging in collaboration in the response phase.
Crisis and recovery 1997
Coping with the psychological consequences  of the tsunami : Finnish Red Cross professionally led peer support project  for the relatives of the deceased : final report
Enhancing human security through crisis management : opportunities and challenges for learning
Understanding youth in the global economic crisis
Religion at ground zero : theological responses to times of crisis
The Finnish EMU buffers and the labour market under asymmetric shocks
Systems approach to management of disasters : methods and applications
Violations of children's rights in armed conflicts : international treaties, observations by peacekeepers and crisis management training in Finland
The death of a co-worker : institutional and personal responses
Grief and its challenges
Crisis intervention in criminal justice/social service
Flashpoints : the emerging crisis in Europe
Making peace last : a toolbox for sustainable peacebuilding
Families in crisis : the impact of intensive family preservation services
And the weak suffer what they must? : Europe, austerity and the threat to global stability
The five ways we grieve : finding your personal path to healing after the death of a loved one
Human response to disaster : health promotion and healing following catastrophic events
The need for and impacts of structural policy in the euro area
Summary.
The CSCE in the 1990s : common European house or Potemkin village?
Between discord and cooperation : Japan and the two Koreas
Clinical social work in the eco-systems perspective
What just happened
China's overseas relief operations = Kua guo da jiu yuan
The dynamic effects of shocks to the labour markets in Finland and Sweden
Psychiatric mental health nursing
Crisis intervention : theory and methodology
Career barriers : how people experience, overcome and avoid failure
"Good grief" : adapting to bereavement
Crisis- and rehabilitation pedagogy : report from conference in Trondheim, Norway, 10-11 of April 1997.
Seventeen contradictions and the end of capitalism
"Since the first edition was published in 1988, the role of crisis intervention and prevention has become central to mental health professionals working in the schools. Disasters such as hurricane Katrina, terrorist attacks both in this country and around the world, and various school shootings have greatly increased school crisis research and policy development. This book is designed for an introductory graduate course taken by students in school psychology, school counseling, and school social work. Section I provides a crisis response overview, section II deals with crises for children and adolescents and section III covers crises that manifest in adolescence. Discussions of the 16 most prevalent types of crises are covered in sections II and III and include their characteristics, causes, interventions, and preventive programs. All chapters will be updated, six heavily revised or totally rewritten by new authors, and two new chapters (chapters 8 & 19) have been added. "--
Inside the family : changing roles of men and women
Social work treatment : interlocking theoretical approaches
Professional empowerment of immigrants : a qualitative study on unemployed academic Russian immigrants in Finland
Crisis counseling, intervention and prevention in the schools
Loss and bereavement : managing change
A new world economic order : overhauling the global economic governance as a result of the financial crisis, 2008-2009
Summary (s. 17-22).
Social policy, the crisis of the work society, and utopias
Fighting for partnership : labor and politics in unified Germany
Crisis education and service program designs : a guide for administrators, educators and clinical trainers
Information sharing models and interoperability in national, cross-border and international crisis management
Helping prevent violent conflict
Finland's comprehensive crisis management strategy
The Friday gospels
Industrial sociology and economic crisis
Contents include: • Guidelines for effective crisis response • Unique features of crisis counseling • How to assess a crisis situation • Self-care during and after a crisis • Individual and group crisis counseling strategies and activities • Tips on Psychological first aid • Developmental differences in response to crisis • Tips for parents • Sample management forms, announcements, and letters • Quick reference charts Also includes guidance on dealing with specific crisis situations: Death and Loss, Suicide, Natural Disasters, Deployment to war, Violence and gang disturbances, Kidnapping/abduction, Terrorist/ Hostage situations Appropriate for all ages.
Disaster and Psychology: an Investigation of Psychological Distress and Symptoms of rescue workers  : an literature review
Needs of comprehensiveness : building blocks for Finnish crisis management
Crisis management in crisis?
NCRB - a network for crisis centres for women in the Barents Region : report of the Nordic-Russian Development Project, 1999-2002
Disaster mental health : around the world and across time
Restoring consensus after the blame game : the reception of Finnish tsunami crisis management coverage
Emergency services leadership : a contemporary approach
Developing a crisis communication scorecard : outcomes of an international research project 2008-2011 (Ref.)
Humanitarian emergencies : indicators, measurements, and data considerations
The psychology of conflict and conflict management in organizations
After the suicide : helping the bereaved to find a path from grief to recovery
Coping with bereavement
Thinking beyond Afghanistan : the future prospects of crisis management
Abstract: In the face of traumatic crisis - brochure material for the Kainuu crisis group.
School crisis prevention and intervention
Developing an emergency response logistics programme for Tampere University of Applied Sciences
The crisis counseling guidebook
Foundations of psychiatric mental health nursing : a clinical approach
Civilian-military cooperation in crisis management operations
Crisis communication : practical PR strategies for reputation management and company survival
Handbook of peace and conflict studies
Crisis intervention in social services
Failure by design : the story behind America's broken economy
Citizen response in crisis : individual and collective efforts to enhance community resilience
Foresight for conflict prevention in the Middle East : phase II: recommendations for policy action : final report
Crisis help at home : Families First project report 2002-2005
Professionally led peer support and coping with the psychological consequences of the tsunami : The Finnish Red Cross psychological peer support work for the relatives of the deceased : interim report
The rising role of communication management in world politics and business
Disaster nursing and emergency preparedness for chemical, biological, and radiological terrorism and other hazards
European security policy and strategic culture
Peaceful solutions : navigating the prevention and mitigation of conflicts
Employment in Europe 2010
Transform! : European journal for alternative thinking and political dialogue. 05/2009, Global crisis : resistance, proposals, strategies
Modern social work theory
"This short introduction to loss and its impact on people's lives is ideally suited to students and practitioners across many professions. With sensitivity and simplicity, Neil Thompson explores how grieving has been theorized and explains the crucial social dimensions to loss and grief that balance and extend more individualized models"--Provided by publisher.
Here comes the boom
The international community invests billions annually in thousands of discrete projects designed to overcome poverty, stop violence, spread human rights, fight terrorism, and combat global warming. The hope is that these separate projects will "add up" to lasting societal change in places like Afghanistan. In reality, these initiatives are not adding up to sustainable peace. Making Peace Last applies systems thinking to help improve the productivity of peacebuilding, broadly defined. This book defines the theory, analysis, and practice needed to create peacebuilding approaches that are as dynamic and adaptive as the societies they are trying to affect. The book is based on a combination of field experience and research into systems thinking, peace and conflict, and conflict resolution. The primary audience is policy makers and practitioners from the many fields that make up peacebuilding. This book can also be used as a textbook in courses on peacebuilding, security, and development. Making Peace Last is a comprehensive approach to finding sustainable solutions to the world's most pressing social problems. --Publisher's description.
Fundamentals of crisis counseling
Helping oneself by helping others? The provision of dollars to foreign banks by the Federal Reserve during 2007-2011
Crisis assessment, intervention, and prevention
Transatlantic co-operation in civilian crisis management : best practices in building capabilities and planning for action
A multi-professional look at dealing with bereavement in the primary school : two cases in Finland and Northern Ireland
EU civilian crisis management : the record so far
Dictionary of disaster medicine and humanitarian relief
Models of currency crises with banking sector and imperfectly competitive labor markets
Structural reforms will boost long-term economic prosperity in the euro area. In the short term, reforms could weaken economic performance. Nevertheless, on the whole, both an empirical and a theoretical examination of structural policy in the euro area strongly suggest there is an urgent need for structural reforms. These provide the only way to boost the potential output of the economy in a situation in which the long-term prospects for many euro area economies and the outlook for general government sustainability look bleak..
The Finnish security and defence policy 2001 : report by the Council of State to Parliament 13.6.2001
English summary: Helping people : multioperation in nursing.
Leading in times of crisis: navigating through complexity, diversity and uncertainty to save your business
