http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20828 sexuality
sexuality
Gender and power in shrew-taming narratives, 1500-1700
Straight : the surprisingly short history of heterosexuality
Ethics in the real world : 82 brief essays on things that matter
Becoming undone : Darwinian reflections on life, politics, and art
Expanding the gaze : gender and the politics of surveillance
Dancing tango : passionate encounters in a globalizing world
God, sex, and gender : an introduction
The Routledge queer studies reader
Gender matters in art education
Subjectivity, gender and the struggle for recognition
Who are You? : the kid's guide to gender identity
Unattainable bride Russia : gendering nation, state, and intelligentsia in Russian intellectual culture
Funk. It is a multisensory and multidimensional philosophy used in conjunction with the erotic, eroticism, and black erotica. And it is the affect that shapes film, performance, sound, food, technology, drugs, energy, time, and the seeds of revolutionary ideas for black movements. L. H. Stallings uses funk in all its iterations to highlight the importance of the erotic and eroticism in black cultural and political movements. Brandishing funk as a theoretical tool, Stallings argues that Western theories of the erotic fail as universally applicable terms or philosophies, and thus lack utility in discussions of black bodies, subjects, and culture. In considering the Victorian concept of freak in black funk, Stallings proposes that black artists across all media have fashioned a tradition that embraces the superfreak, sexual guerrilla, sexual magic, mama's porn, black trans narratives, and sex work in a post-human subject position. Their goal: to ensure survival and evolution in a world that exploits black bodies in capitalist endeavors, imperialism, and colonization.
Presents an analysis of the new sexual landscape faced by girls in today's high schools and colleges, revealing hidden truths, hard lessons, and important possibilities in girls' modern-world sex lives.
Compulsory heterosexuality and lesbianism
Becoming Nicole : the extraordinary transformation of an ordinary family
Gender hurts : a feminist analysis of the politics of transgenderism
Delusions of gender : the real science behind sex differences
Images of masculinity or can men be sex objects
No Straight Lines : four decades of queer comics
Collision of emancipation and didacticism : the development of Finnish Girls’ Literature 1889- 2011.
Abstract.
Love, sex, and democracy in Japan during the American occupation
The social psychology of female-male relations : a critical analysis of central concepts
Critical geographer, northern art and contesting of gendered northernness
Life in the flesh : an anti-Gnostic spiritual philosophy
Fabulous yet fierce, imperious yet impetuous, boss yet bitchy—divas are figures of paradox. Their place in culture is equally contradictory, as they are simultaneously venerated and marginalized, hailed as timeless but then frequently forgotten or exhumed as cult icons by future generations. Focusing on four early twentieth-century divas - Aida Overton Walker, Loie Fuller, Libby Holman, and Josephine Baker - who were icons in their own time, Moving Performances considers what their past and current reception reveals about changing ideas of race and gender. Jeanne Scheper examines how iconicity can actually work to the diva's detriment, reducing her to a fetish object, a grotesque, or a figure of nostalgia. Yet she also locates more productive modes of reception that reach to revive the diva's moving performances, imbuing her with an affective afterlife. As it offers innovative theorizations of performance, reception, and affect, Moving Performances also introduces readers to four remarkable women who worked as both cultural producers and critics, deftly subverting the tropes of exoticism, orientalism, and primitivism commonly used to dismiss women of color. Rejecting iconic depictions of these divas as frozen in a past moment, Scheper vividly demonstrates how their performances continue to inspire ongoing movements.
Gender and power in the nordic countries : with focus on politics and business
Sex/gender : biology in a social world
Sacred pleasure : sex, myth, and the politics of the body
Gender, violence and popular culture : telling stories
Understanding psychology
Drawing on the latest research in neuroscience and psychology, Cordelia Fine debunks the myth of hardwired differences between men's and women's brains, unraveling the evidence behind such claims as men's brains aren't wired for empathy and women's brains aren't made to fix cars. She then goes one step further, offering a very different explanation of the dissimilarities between men's and women's behavior. Instead of a "male brain" and a "female brain," Fine gives us a glimpse of plastic, mutable minds that are continuously influenced by cultural assumptions about gender.--From publisher description.
Pressure from the women's movement and the attention paid to gender-equality issues have been crucial to women's progress in politics in the Nordic countries over the last 15 years. However, men still dominate business and industry. This brochure presents the results of a year-long research project, "Gender and Power in the Nordic Countries", which focuses on top positions in two sectors of society: Politics and business.
Gender and culture in psychology : theories and practices
Seeing through music : gender and modernism in classic Hollywood film scores
Bodily desire, desired bodies : gender and desire in early twentieth-century German and Austrian novels and paintings
Gender stories : negotiating identity in a binary world
Talking young femininities
A history of emotions, 1200-1800
In What a Body Can Do, Ben Spatz develops, for the first time, a rigorous theory of embodied technique as knowledge. He argues that viewing technique as both training and research has much to offer current debates over the role of practice in the university, including the debates around "practice as research." Drawing on critical perspectives from the sociology of knowledge, phenomenology, dance studies, enactive cognition, and other areas, Spatz argues that technique is a major area of historical and ongoing research in physical culture, performing arts, and everyday life.
Alone! Alone! : lives of some outsider women
Unlike other philosophers whose work can be applied to questions of sex and gender, Deleuze's philosophy was motivated by the problem of desire and difference. Over the last three decades, feminist theory, gender theory and queer theory have been revolutionised and rejuvenated by Deleuze's provocation to consider sexual difference beyond the paradigm of the Oedipal family and Western humanism. In this volume, a series of prominent critical theorists extend Deleuze's already radical philosophy into ideas of the post-human, truth, reading, sexual difference and gender politics. Moving beyond the tired debates surrounding sex, gender and representation, these essays consider difference positively and provocatively, opening up new directions for the study of sexuality.
Gender, globalization, and violence : postcolonial conflict zones
Normalization and "outsiderhood" : feminist readings of a neoliberal welfare state
The Cambridge companion to lesbian literature
Sacred marriages : the divine-human sexual metaphor from Sumer to early Christianity
A question of gender, class and politics : the use and provision of sport grounds in Helsinki c.1880s-1960s
Sexing the Trinity : gender, culture and the divine
Bodies in motion : Spanish vanguard poetry, mass culture, and gender dynamics
Perspectives on gender in early childhood
What do people do all day? What did women and men do to make a living in early modern Europe, and what did their work mean? As this book shows, the meanings depended both on the worker and on the context. With an innovative analytic method that is yoked to a specially-built database of source materials, this book revises many received opinions about the history of gender and work in Europe. The applied verb-oriented method finds the 'work verbs' that appear incidentally in a wide variety of early modern sources and then analyzes the context in which they appear. By tying information technologies and computer-assisted analysis to the analytic powers - both quantitative and qualitative - of professional historians, the method gets much closer to a participatory observation of the micro-patterns of early modern life than was once believed possible. It directly addresses a number of broad problems often debated by historians of gender and early modern Europe. First, it discusses the problem of assessing more accurately the incidence, character and division of work. Second, it analyzes the configurations of work and human difference. Third, it deals with the extent to which work practices created notions of difference - gender difference but also other forms of difference - and, conversely, to what extent work practices contributed to notions of sameness and gender convergence. Finally, it studies the impact of processes of change. Drawing on sources from Sweden, the authors show the importance of multiple employment, the openness of early modern households, the significance of marriage and marital status, the gendered nature of specific tasks, and the ways in which state formation and commercialization were entangled in people's everyday lives.
This book examines the intersection of gender and violence in popular culture. Drawing on the latest thinking in critical international relations, media and cultural studies and gender studies, it focuses in particular on a number of popular TV shows including Angel, Buffy the Vampire Slayer, Firefly, Generation Kill, The Corner and The West Wing. The book makes a unique theoretical contribution to the 'narrative turn' in International Relations by illustrating the ways in which popular culture and global politics are intertwined and how we make sense of our worlds through these two frames. Methodologically, the book enhances discourse-theoretical analysis in IR through its incorporation of methods from narratology and film studies. The book proposes an aesthetic ethicopolitical approach to global politics which challenges us to interrogate how it becomes possible that we think what we think, it challenges the truths that we hold to be self-evident and that which we take to be common sense. It demands that we think carefully, critically, uncomfortably, about our world(s) – even when we're 'only' watching television.
Language and gender from linguistic and textual perspectives
Female sexuality as a metaphor for subversion
Illdisciplined gender : engaging questions of nature/culture and transgressive encounters
When the first-world-north goes local : education and gender in post-revolution Laos
A companion to the anthropology of the Middle East
Women and exercise : the body, health and consumerism
"This wide-ranging collection of essays elaborates on some of the most pressing issues in contemporary postcolonial society in their transition from conflict and contestation to dialogue and resolution. It explores from new angles questions of violent conflict, forced migration, trafficking and deportation, human rights, citizenship, transitional justice and cosmopolitanism. The volume focuses more specifically on the gendering of violence from a postcolonial perspective as it analyses unique cases that disrupt traditional visions of violence by including the history of empire and colony, and its legacies that continue to influence present-day configurations of gender, race, nationality, class and sexuality. Part One maps out the gendered and racialized contours of conflict zones, from war zones, prisons and refugee camps to peacekeeping missions and humanitarian aid, reframing the field and establishing connections between colonial legacies and postcolonial dynamics. Part Two explores how these conflict zones are played out not just outside but also within Europe, demonstrating that multicultural Europe is fraught with different legacies of violence and postcolonial melancholia. Part Three gives an idea of the kind of future that can be offered to post-conflict societies, defined as contact zones, by exploring opportunities for dialogue, restoration and reconciliation that can be envisaged from a gendered and postcolonial perspective through alternative feminist practices and the work of art and their redemptive power in mobilizing social change or increasing national healing processes. Though strongly anchored in postcolonial critique, the chapters draw from a range of traditions and expertise, including conflict studies, gender theory, visual studies, (new) media theory, sociology, race theory, international security studies and religion studies"--
Art history : the basics
The arrow of love : optics, gender, and subjectivity in medieval love poetry
Understanding gender dysphoria : navigating transgender issues in a changing culture
The encyclopedia of sexual behavior
What does the study of Plato's dialogues tell us about the modern meaning of 'sex'? How can recent developments in the philosophy of sex and gender help us read these ancient texts anew? Plato and Sex addresses these questions for the first time. Each chapter demonstrates how the modern reception of Plato's works -- in both mainstream and feminist philosophy and psychoanalytical theory -- has presupposed a 'natural-biological' conception of what sex might mean. Through a critical comparison between our current understanding of sex and Plato's notion of genos, Plato and Sex puts this presupposition into question. With its groundbreaking interpretations of the Republic, the Symposium and the Timaeus, this book opens up a new approach to sex as a philosophical concept. Including critical readings of the theories of sex and sexuation in Freud and Lacan, and relating such theories to Plato's writings, Plato and Sex both questions our assumptions about sex and explains how those assumptions have coloured our understanding of Plato. What results is not only an original reading of some of the most prominent aspects of Plato's philosophy, but a new attempt to think through the meaning of sex today.
Gender, society and theory : the University of the Free State
Gender and sexual diversity in schools
Urban chroniclers in modern Latin America : the shared intimacy of everyday life
Gender and politics in early modern Europe : English convents in France and the Low Countries
Exercise for women is a heavily-laden social and embodied experience. While exercise promotion has become an increasingly visible part of health campaigns, obesity among women is rising, and studies indicate that women are generally less physically active than men. Women's (lack of) exercise, therefore, has become a public concern, and physiological and psychological research has attempted to develop more effective exercise programs aimed at women. Yet women have a complex relationship with embodiment and physical activity that is difficult for quantitative scientific approaches to explore. This book addresses this neglect by providing a much-needed feminist, qualitative social analysis of women and exercise. The contributors, drawn from across Europe and North America investigate the ways women experience exercise within the context of the global fitness industry. All the authors take a specifically feminist perspective in their analyses of the fit, feminine body, exploring media images and the global branding of fitness products, the relationship between exercise and fat, the construction of physical activity within health discourse, and the lived experience of the exercising body. The collection explores the diversity of women's experiences of exercise in relation to age, ethnicity and body size. The book is essential for anyone interested in health promotion, sport and exercise or the social and cultural study of gender and embodiment.
Onnagata : a labyrinth of gendering in kabuki theater
I <3 girl : photographs
Mind the gap : essays on explanations of gender wage inequality
What a body can do : technique as knowledge, practice as research
Analyzing gender, intersectionality, and multiple inequalities : global, transnational and local contexts
This exciting collection of work introduces a major shift in debates on sexuality: a shift away from discourse, identity and signification, to a radical new conception of bodily materialism. Moving away from the established path known as queer theory, itsuggests an alternative to Butler's matter/representation binary. It thus dares to askhow to think sexuality and sex outside the discursive and linguistic context that hascome to dominate contemporary research in social sciences and humanities. Deleuze and Queer Theory is a provocative and often militant collection that explores a diverse range of themes including: the revisiting of the term 'queer'; a rethinking of the sex-gender distinction as being implied in Queer Theory; an exploration of queer temporalities; the non/re-reading of the homosexual body/desire and the becoming-queer of the Deleuze/Guattari philosophy. It will be essential reading for anyone interested not just in Deleuze's and Guattari's philosophy, but also in the fields of sexuality, gender and feminist theory.
Tough love : Amazon encounters in the English Renaissance
"Engagingly and clearly written by a highly respected theologian, God, Sex, and Gender is the first comprehensive introduction to a theology of both sexuality and gender available in a single volume. Makes a theological contribution to understanding the unprecedented changes in sexual and gender relationships of the last fifty years Discusses many topics including: sexual difference; sexual equality; gender and power; the nature of desire; the future of marriage in Christian sexual ethics; homosexuality and same-sex unions; the problems of sexual minorities; contraception in a time of HIV/AIDS; the separation of sexual experience from marriage; and offers new arguments for marriage and for chastity Offers a consistent and engaging introduction at the cutting edge of theological inquiry, which is contemporary, undogmatic, questioning, and relevant to readers' experience, interests, and needs Written lucidly and engagingly by an established and respected academic who has published widely in this area "--
Sensualities/textualities and technologies : writings of the body in 21st century performance
"From sexualized selfies and hidden camera documentaries to the bouncers monitoring patrons at Australian nightclubs, the ubiquity of contemporary surveillance goes far beyond the National Security Agency's bulk data collection or the proliferation of security cameras on every corner. Expanding the Gaze is a collection of important new empirical and theoretical works that demonstrate the significance of the gendered dynamics of surveillance. Bringing together contributors from criminology, sociology, communication studies, and women's studies, the eleven essays in the volume suggest that we cannot properly understand the implications of the rapid expansion of surveillance practices today without paying close attention to its gendered nature. Together, they constitute a timely interdisciplinary contribution to the development of feminist surveillance studies."
Jesus is female : Moravians and the challenge of radical religion in early America
Peter Singer is often described as the world's most influential philosopher. He is also one of its most controversial. The author of important books such as Animal Liberation, Practical Ethics, Rethinking Life and Death, and The Life You Can Save, he helped launch the animal rights and effective altruism movements and contributed to the development of bioethics. Now, in Ethics in the Real World, Singer shows that he is also a master at dissecting important current events in a few hundred words. In this book of brief essays, he applies his controversial ways of thinking to issues like climate change, extreme poverty, animals, abortion, euthanasia, human genetic selection, sports doping, the sale of kidneys, the ethics of high-priced art, and ways of increasing happiness. Singer asks whether chimpanzees are people, smoking should be outlawed, or consensual sex between adult siblings should be decriminalized, and he reiterates his case against the idea that all human life is sacred, applying his arguments to some recent cases in the news.
"Few topics are more contested today than gender identity. While the culture war rages over language, institutions and political allegiances, transgender individuals are often the ones who end up as casualties. Mark Yarhouse, an expert in sexual identity and therapy, challenges the church to rise above the political hostilities and listen to people's stories. In Understanding Gender Dysphoria, Yarhouse offers a Christian perspective on transgender issues that eschews simplistic answers and appreciates the psychological and theological complexity. The result is a book that engages the latest research while remaining pastorally sensitive to the experiences of each person. Yarhouse calls Christians to come alongside those on the margins and stand with them as they resolve their questions and concerns about gender identity. Understanding Gender Dysphoria is the book we need to navigate these stormy cultural waters." -- Back Cover
Is there anything good about men? : how cultures flourish by exploiting men
"Historicising Gender and Sexuality features a diverse collection of essays that shed new light on the historical intersections between gender and sexuality across time and space. Features a wide and diverse range of scholarship to explore the historical intersections between gender and sexuality across space and time Demonstrates both the particularities of specific formulations of gender and sexuality and the nature of the relationship between the categories themselves Presents evidence that careful and contextualised analysis of the shifting relationship of gender and sexuality illuminates broader historical processes".
This volume addresses and explores the various dramatic, poetic and narrative versions of the popular 'Taming of the Shrew' story. The essays collected subsume and extend the historical work and address the multiple shrew-taming narratives as an extended cultural dialogue debating key issues of gender and sexual politics.
Gender, sexuality, and power in Latin America since independence
Slave of desire : sex, love, and death in The 1001 nights
Alan Hollinghurst : writing under the influence
The papers in this volume were selected and revised from among those presented at the conference Gender and Social Transformation: Global, Transnational, and Local Realities and Perspectives, Beijing, China in 2009. Through case studies and interview data from across the globe we see how intersectionality and inequality are contextualized shaping women's agencies, gender relations, identity, the politics of belonging, power structures, institutional arrangements, and empowerment (self and/or collective) in local communities and cultures influenced by transnational and global networks and processes. Those who experience inequality, the politics of exclusion and social injustice by virtue of gender, ethnicity and/or class and other differences are the most vulnerable in the face of new adversities, including those that occur in response to globalization. Broader theoretical and methodological contexts for these nation- and region-specific studies are provided in essays by leading gender theorists. Divisions of labor, migration, war and peace-building are among the specific topics addressed in papers from China, India, Israel, Korea, Germany, Australia, Turkey and the United States.
Gender and spoken interaction
"Essential for anyone who seeks to understand the contemporary gender landscape, Gender Stories defines gender as the socially constructed meanings that are assigned to bodies. The book helps readers navigate issues of gender by introducing them to the ubiquitous gender binary, the problems with much of the research on gender differences, and the variety of gender stories in popular culture. At the heart of the book is a description of the process of becoming a gendered person through crafting and performing gender stories. Because each gender performance is unique, a virtually unlimited number of genders exists--not just two, as the gender binary would have us believe. The same multiplicity that characterizes the gender landscape characterizes the individual, who typically changes gender multiple times a day and across the lifespan. In Gender Stories, personal gender performances are framed within a philosophy of choice. Readers are encouraged to become more conscious of the choices they have in constructing their gender identities and to allow others the same choice by respecting their gender performances. Readers will easily find a place for themselves in the book, regardless of their views on gender, because one perspective on gender is not presented as the right one. Gender Stories affirms and legitimizes diverse perspectives as providing more comprehensive knowledge about gender for everyone."--Publisher's website.
Riane Eisler shows us how history has consistently promoted the link between sex and violence—and how we can sever this link and move to a politics of partnership rather than domination in all our relations.
Making a living, making a difference : gender and work in early modern European society
The art of being normal
The archaeology of colonialism : intimate encounters and sexual effects
Drawing on the latest research in neuroscience and psychology, Cordelia Fine debunks the myth of hardwired differences between men's and women's brains, unraveling the evidence behind such claims as men's brains aren't wired for empathy and women's brains aren't made to fix cars. She then goes one step further, offering a very different explanation of the dissimilarities between men's and women's behavior. Instead of a "male brain" and a "female brain," Fine gives us a glimpse of plastic, mutable minds that are continuously influenced by cultural assumptions about gender.
Funk the erotic : transaesthetics and black sexual cultures
How to be gay
"Argentinean tango is a global phenomenon. Since its origin among immigrants from the slums of Buenos Aires and Montevideo, it has crossed and re-crossed many borders. Yet, never before has tango been danced by so many people and in so many different places as today. Argentinean tango is more than a specific music and style of dancing. It is also a cultural imaginary which embodies intense passion, hyper-heterosexuality, and dangerous exoticism. In the wake of its latest revival, tango has become both a cultural symbol of Argentinean national identity and a transnational cultural space in which a modest, yet growing number of dancers from different parts of the globe meet on the dance floor. Through interviews and ethnographical research in Amsterdam and Buenos Aires, Kathy Davis shows why a dance from another era and another place appeals to men and women from different parts of the world and what happens to them as they become caught up in the tango salon culture.
Gender in psychoanalytic space : between clinic and culture
Analysing gender representations in school textbooks
Empire of bones
Kabuki is well known for its exaggerated acting, flamboyant costumes and makeup, and unnatural storylines. The onnagata, usually male actors who perform the roles of women, have been an important aspect of kabuki since its beginnings in the 17th century. In a "labyrinth" of gendering, the practice of men playing women's roles has affected the manifestations of femininity in Japanese society. In this case study of how gender has been defined and redefined through the centuries, Maki Isaka examines how the onnagata's theatrical gender "impersonation" has shaped the concept and mechanisms of femininity and gender construction in Japan. The implications of the study go well beyond disciplinary and geographic cloisters.
Queer dramaturgies : international perspectives on where performance leads queer
Barbie - the icon, the image, the ideal : an analytical interpretation of the Barbie doll in popular culture
Gender, sex, and the shaping of modern Europe : a history from the French Revolution to the present day
Becoming Nicole : the transformation of an American family
Bent : gender and sexuality in contemporary Scandinavian art
Moving performances : divas, iconicity, and remembering the modern stage
Emotion, genre and gender in classical antiquity
Conversation and gender
Human sexuality
This international collection of essays forms a vibrant picture of the scope and diversity of contemporary queer performance. Ranging across cabaret, performance art, the performativity of film, drag and script-based theatre it unravels the dynamic relationship performance has with queerness as it is presented in local and transnational contexts.
Woman's body, woman's world : gender and discourse in Arabo-Islamic writing
Henry James and the suspense of masculinity
Collision of emancipation and didacticism : the development of Finnish Girls' Literature 1889–2011.
""My Gender Workbook may take a leap of faith to crack open, but the charm, wit, and quiet intelligence of its author will almost undoubtedly keep you along for the whole trip. And it is a trip, let me tell you." --The Toronto StarCultural theorists have written loads of smart but difficult-to-fathom texts on gender theory, but most fail to provide a hands-on, accessible guide for those trying to sort out their own sexual identities. In My Gender Workbook, transgender activist Kate Bornstein brings theory down to Earth and provides a practical approach to living with or without a gender.Bornstein starts from the premise that there are not just two genders performed in today's world, but countless genders lumped under the two-gender framework. Using a unique, deceptively simple and always entertaining workbook format, complete with quizzes, exercises, and puzzles, Bornstein gently but firmly guides readers toward discovering their own unique gender identity.Since its first publication in 1997, My Gender Workbook has been challenging, encouraging, questionning, and handholding those trying to figure out how to become a "real man," a "real woman," or "something else entirely." In this updated edition of her classic text, Bornstein re-examines gender in light of issues like race and class. With new quizzes, new puzzles, new exercises, and plenty of Kate's over-the-top style, My Gender Workbook, 2e promises to help a new generation create their own unique place on the gender spectrum".
Historicising gender and sexuality
This original book brings a fascinating and accessible new account of the tumultuous history of sexuality in Europe from the waning of Victorianism to the collapse of Communism and the rise of European Islam. Although the twentieth century is often called 'the century of sex' and seen as an era of increasing liberalization, Dagmar Herzog instead emphasizes the complexities and contradictions in sexual desires and behaviours, the ambivalences surrounding sexual freedom, and the difficulties encountered in securing sexual rights. Incorporating the most recent scholarship on a broad range of conceptual problems and national contexts, the book investigates the shifting fortunes of marriage and prostitution, contraception and abortion, queer and straight existence. It analyzes sexual violence in war and peace, the promotion of sexual satisfaction in fascist and democratic societies, the role of eugenics and disability, the politicization and commercialization of sex, and processes of secularization and religious renewal.
Redescriptions : political thought, conceptual history and feminist theory. Vol. 19.1
Deleuze and queer theory
Writing witch-hunt histories : challenging the paradigm
Delusions of gender : how our minds, society, and neurosexism create difference
"Gender and sexuality are inextricable components of the human experience that remain as complex today as throughout world history. Historicising Gender and Sexuality features a thought-provoking collection of essays that shed important new light on the historical intersections between gender and sexuality across time and space. Several of the authors conclude that the constructions, practices, and experiences of gender and sexuality are far more entangled and mutually constitutive than previous scholarship has suggested. A wide swath of topics in various historical contexts are explored - from sexual activities in sixteenth-century New Spain to contemporary Miami; from attitudes revealed in Chinese sexology to American nudist magazines; and from the experiences of free women of colour in the British Caribbean to ideas put forth by 20th-century Egyptian reformers. Essays demonstrate the particularities not just of specific formulations of gender and sexuality in different historical contexts, but of the very nature of the relationship between the categories themselves. Through a rich diversity of scholarship, the essays offer ample evidence that careful and contextualised analysis of the shifting relationship of gender and sexuality illuminates broader historical processes. This book offers revealing insights into the myriad ways in which gender and sexuality have crossed paths with broader relations of power in a wide range of locations and historical contexts".
Russian tattoo : a memoir
Lost and found : queerying the archive
"Subjectivity, Gender and the Struggle for Recognition examines the significance of 'recognition' for contemporary philosophy and political theory. It reveals the role played by recognition in the construction of our individual and collective identities through an exploration of European philosophy and feminist theory, incorporating thinkers ranging from Hegel and Heidegger to Michel Foucault and Judith Butler. Focusing on gender, it highlights how interpersonal and institutional forms of recognition are influenced by power and discourse, and considers the impact this has on our capacity to shape our gender identities. Arguing for an ambivalent account of recognition based upon a post-structuralist theory of the subject, it challenges contemporary recognition theorists such as Charles Taylor and Axel Honneth for failing to acknowledge the extent to which recognition can regulate and normalise behaviour. This book insightfully charts both the importance and challenges of making sense of oneself as a socially-recognisable being. "--
After marriage : rethinking marital relationships
Housing, social policy and difference : disability, ethnicity, gender and housing
Deleuze and gender
Naturalia non turpia : sex and gender in Ancient Greece and Rome : Schriften zur antiken Kultur- und Sexualwissenschaft
Disturbing practices : history, sexuality, and women's experience of modern war
Girls & sex : navigating the complicated new landscape
Plato and sex
Language in its socio-cultural context : new explorations in gendered, global and media uses
This volume offers some of the outputs, challenges and opportunities created in an interdisciplinary programme that was set up to engage multi-, inter- and transdisciplinary perspectives on issues at the intersections of nature and culture, sex and gender. When working with mass spectrometers, microscopes, discourse analysis or interviews, one rarely has to explain them to colleagues. They are the tools used. But when working in inter- or transdisciplinary settings, such tools require explanations. These conversations make evident that trans and interdisciplinary (gender) research is a not just a novelty requiring an adjectival prefix ‘trans-‘ or ‘inter-’, it is something done, performed, practiced. Moreover it is something done in particular spaces, a consequence of particular meetings – transgressive encounters. This collection is built on work conducted under the GenNa: Nature/Culture and Transgressive Encounters Research Programme, funded by the Swedish research council. It brings together a range of scholars from the humanities, natural, physical, life, and social sciences by so doing it reflects on the challenges, risks and opportunities of doing trans- and interdisciplinary work. The result is a collection that uses a multitude of tools to examine issues such as sexual difference, hydro power exploitation, research seminars, dairy farming, the spaces between molecules, film and identity. They are witness to the diversity created through transgressive encounters and illustrations of doing inter- and transdisciplinary research.--
Homosexualities
"The last 50 years have seen unprecedented changes in sexual and gender relationships. These include the easy availability of contraception, the separation of sexual experience from marriage and marriage from parenthood, more broken marriages, and legal provision for same-sex unions. Relationships between men and women have changed from a model of male dominance, towards a new model of male/female equality, and on to a new recognition of sexual and gender difference. These transformations have resulted in great benefits but they have also generated great uncertainties and unfulfilled expectations. They have sparked painful and on-going controversies in all the churches. God, Sex, and Gender is a clear and engaging introduction to these issues. It offers a consistent theological understanding which is contemporary, undogmatic, questioning, and relevant to readers' experience, interests and needs. Throughout the book, Thatcher connects theological ideas, with broader, secular thought. It fills a gap in the literature by linking together the diverse themes of sexuality, gender and Christian thought in one coherent volume. Its comprehensive and even-handed discussion of these issues will ensure it becomes a vital text in the field"--
Curvology : the origins and power of female body shape
Endowed : regulating the male sexed body
The passion according to Carol Rama
Find out how gender really matters in the artroom. Gender Matters in Art Education translates the theory of gender equity into real practice in the art classroom. The authors provide a coherent review of the important research on gender equity in schools and demonstrate, through concrete, classroom-based examples, the unique opportunities that the art classroom provides for promoting gender equity for both boys and girls.
Cosmopolitan sexualities : hope and the humanist imagination
To watch theatre : essays on genre and corporeality
Dying to be men : gender and language in early Christian martyr texts
Sex/Gender presents a relatively new way to think about how biological difference can be produced over time in response to different environmental and social experiences. This book gives a clearly written explanation of the biological and cultural underpinnings of gender. Anne Fausto-Sterling provides an introduction to the biochemistry, neurobiology, and social construction of gender with expertise and humor in a style accessible to a wide variety of readers. In addition to the basics, Sex/Gender ponders the moral, ethical, social and political side to this inescapable subject.
Sexuality in Europe : a twentieth-century history
Discoursing Finnish rock : articulations of identities in the Saimaa-ilmiö rock documentary
My new gender workbook : a step-by-step guide to achieving world peace through gender anarchy and sex positivity
Of poetry and politics : new essays on Milton and his world
"A Companion to the Anthropology of the Middle East presents a comprehensive overview of current trends and future directions in anthropological research and activism in the modern Middle East"--
