http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20898 Bacillus bacteria
Bacillus bacteria
Bacteriocins and protective cultures as contributing factors to improving safety and preservation of meat and products : a literature review
Food and indoor air isolated Bacillus non-protein toxins : structures, physico-chemical properties and mechanisms of effects on eukaryotic cells
Notes on the toxicity of a commercial prepations of Bacillus thuringiensis var. thuringiensis Berliner on some Lepidoptera and Tenthredinidae larvae
A novel sensitive bioassay for detection of Bacillus cereus emetic toxin and related depsipeptide ionophores
Stress responses of Gram-positive bacteria to cationic antimicrobial peptides
Development of Bacillus strains for industrial enzyme production by gene technology
Modern techniques in detection, identification and quantification of bacteria and peptides from foods
Tracking cereulide producing Bacillus cereus in foods, papermaking and biowaste management
Screening of Bacillus subtilis laccase exspression library for improved activity in Escherichia coli
Bacillus thermosphaericus sp. nov. a new thermophilic ureolytic Bacillus isolated from air
Bacteria colonizing paper machines
Cereulide producing Bacillus cereus and amylosin producing Bacillus subtilis and Bacillus mojavensis : characterization of strains and toxigenicities
Studies of Bacillus cereus as a food-poisoning organism with special reference to the effects of certain preservatives on growth of the bacterium
Laboratory guide for identification of plant pathogenic bacteria
Induction of immunity against experimental Chlamydia pneumoniae infection
Ecs, an ABC transporter of Bacillus subtilis : a dual signal transduction functions affecting expression of secreted proteins as well as their secretion
This thesis concerns a laccase enzyme. The laccase encoding gene had been isolated from the Bacillus subtilis bacterium and mutated by error-prone PCR. The gene variants had also been combined with plasmids. The aim was to find a variant that would produce the most active laccase protein compared with the wild type. To find the best mutants, a DNA library was created and screened. The screening procedure was also optimized during the project.  The principle of the screening was that ABTS, which forms a green product when oxidized, was added to protein samples taken from the variants and the absorbances of the samples were measured. The colour was therefore dependent on the ability of the laccase to oxidize ABTS. The mutant proteins were compared with each other and with the protein produced by the wild type gene. Several promising mutants were found and forwarded to sequencing. Also the screening protocol was optimized.
Toxinogenic Bacillus pumilus and Bacillus licheniformis from mastitic milk
Bacillus molecular genetics and biotechnology applications : proceedings of the Third International Conference on the Genetics and Biotechnology of Bacilli, held at Stanford University, July 15-17, 1985
Heterologous protein secretion in Lactococcus lactis is enhanced by the Bacillus subtilis chaperone-like protein PrsA
Functional analysis of the yabE and yocH genes of Bacillus subtilis
Assessment and control of Bacillus cereus emetic toxin in food
SIP 2004 : 37th annual Meeting of the Society for Invertebrate Pathology, 7th International Conference on Bacillus thuringiensis, Helsinki, Finland 1-6 August 2004 : book of abstracts
PrsA lipoprotein and posttranslocational folding of secretory proteins in Bacillus subtilis
Bacillus cereus spores and cereulide in food-borne illness
Detection of harmful microbes and their metabolites with novel methods in the agri-food production chain
Foodborne disease handbook 1: bacterial pathogens. Volume 1, Bacterial pathogens
De novo purine nucleotide biosynthesis in gram-positive bacteria : regulation on Bacillus subtilis purA encoding adenylosuccinate synthetase
Optimization of 2,3-butanediol production in a bioreactor by Bacillus amyloliquefaciens
Modified atmosphere-based technology to extend the shelf life of pasteurized milk during cold storage
A novel treatment modality, targeted recombinant β-lactamase (TRBL) in prevention of ampicillin induced changes on canine fecal micro flora
Microbial ecology and virulence gene studies of the insect pathogen Bacillus thuringiensis
