http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20869 palm oil
palm oil
The impacts and opportunities of oil palm in Southeast Asia : what do we know and what do we need to know?
World oilseeds : chemistry, technology, and utilization
Genetic glass ceilings : transgenics for crop biodiversity
Developments in oils and fats
Socio-economic impacts of bioenergy production
The economics of oil palm
Small-scale palm oil processing in Africa
Candlemaking the natural way : 31 projects made with soy, palm & beeswax
Liquid biofuels : emergence, development and prospects
Replanting the tree of life : towards an international agenda for coconut palm research
The visible palm : market failures, industrial policy and the Malaysian palm oil industry
Productivity and technical efficiency of palm oil extraction mills in Nigeria
Working conditions at the IOI Group's palm oil estates in Malaysia : a follow-up study
Greenhouse gas emissions from peat and biomass-derived fuels, electricity and heat : estimation of various production chains by using LCA methodology
Review of the Nigerian Institute for Oil Palm Research (NIFOR)
Jessenia and Oenocarpus: neotropical oil palms worthy of domestication
Oil palm plantation : impact on indigenous people and biodiversity in Borneo
Vegetable oils in food technology : composition, properties and uses
The hesitant boom: Indonesia's oil palm sub-sector in an era of economic crisis and political change
Candlemaking the natural way : 31 projects with soy, palm & beeswax
Sustainability of palm oil production and opportunities for Finnish technology and know-how transfer
Commerce and economic change in West Africa : the palm oil trade in the nineteenth century
Poverty alleviation and wise use of peatlands in Indonesia
The Palm oil controversy in Southeast Asia : a transnational perspective
Community-investor business models : lessons from the oil palm sector in East Malaysia
Concerns about food and energy security, coupled with increasing returns from agriculture, have increased interest in agricultural investments in developing countries. Public debates about "land grabbing" have questioned the socio-economic impacts of large-scale land acquisitions. There is new interest in business models involving collaboration between companies and communities. In Eastern Malaysia, community-investor business models have been implemented for several years to expand oil palm cultivation in customarily held lands. This report documents lessons learned through case studies of different business models.
The ongoing expansion of oil palm plantations in the humid tropics, especially in Southeast Asia, is generating considerable concern and debate. Amid industry and environmental campaigners' claims, it can be hard to perceive reality. Is oil palm a valuable route to sustainable development or a costly road to environmental ruin? Inevitably, any answer depends on many choices. But do decision makers have the information they require to avoid pitfalls and make the best decisions? This review examines what we know and what we don't know about oil palm developments. Our sources include academic publications and 'grey' literature, along with expert consultations. Some facts are indisputable: among these are that oil palm is highly productive and commercially profitable at large scales, and that palm oil demand is rising. Implementing oil palm developments involves many tradeoffs. Oil palm's considerable profitability offers wealth and development where wealth and development are needed -- but also threatens traditional livelihoods. It offers a route out of poverty, while also making people vulnerable to exploitation, misinformation and market instabilities. It threatens rich biological diversity -- while also offering the finance needed to protect forest. It offers a renewable source of fuel, but also threatens to increase global carbon emissions. We remain uncertain of the full implications of current choices. How can local, regional and international benefits be increased while costs are minimised? While much important information is available, it is often open to question or hard to generalise. We conclude this review with a list of pressing questions requiring further investigation. Credible, unbiased research on these issues will move the discussion and practice forward.
Proceedings of the 1st International Symposium on Genetic Resources of Bamboos and Palms and 3rd International Sympos[i]um on Ornamental Palms : Campinas, Brazil, November 21-25, 2010
The social and environmental effects of the palm-oil industry in the Oriente of Ecuador
How sustainable biofuel business really is? : Today's issues on biofuel production
