http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20816 demographic development
demographic development
Population and environment in arid regions
Ageing and development
Finland for people of all ages : government report on the future: demographic trends, population policy, and preparation for changes in the age structure
The population dilemma
Reproductive change in developing countries : insights from the World Fertility Survey
Water scarcity and food security along the Nile : politics, population increase and climate change
Yleiskaavan ratkaisuperiaatteet = General principles of Espoo master planning
An address on the population problem : one of a series of lectures at MIT on "World Change and World Security"
Population growth overshooting and trade in developing countries
Development of the enterprises’ competitiveness in the context of demographic challenges
Population growth and economic development since 1750
Economic and demographic change in Africa
Finnish urban regions
Population growth, fertility and socio-economic change
"The Handbook brings together a group of international scholars of various disciplinary backgrounds to take issue with the world's fastest demographic transition. Topics include the dynamics of gender roles, images of age, policy formation, labour market structures, pension system, living arrangements, ethical values, and many more. Against the background of Japan's demographic change, the latest developments in these fields are being introduced, and whenever appropriate set into a context of historical and/or international comparison. This Handbook is the first comprehensive publication in English on Japan's demographic change."--BOOK JACKET.
Population, economic development, and the environment
Meeting the population challenge
Differential mortality : methodological issues and biosocial factors
Shutting out the sun : how Japan created its own lost generation
Regional demographic differences : the effect of Laestadians
The global spread of fertility decline : population, fear, and uncertainty
Theory of population and economic growth
Summary.
Historical demography
"This Handbook explores the challenges demographic change poses to today s Japan. The first part provides the fundamental data involved, and the subsequent two parts address the social and cultural aspects of Japan's demographic change. Parts four and five are dedicated to the political, economic and social security aspects of demographic change."
Geographies of ageing : social processes and the spatial unevenness of population ageing
Reflections on population
Trade, status, population growth, and environment in developing countries
The new Vichy syndrome : why European intellectuals surrender to barbarism
Facts and figures on long-term care : Europe and North America
Studies on the spatial concentration of human capital
Back to the roots : a new social policy agenda for the welfare of the elderly in rural Tanzania :  the case of Bukoba district
Peoplequake : mass migration, ageing nations and the coming population crash
China's population situation and policies
Bridge
Bitter pills : population policies and their implementation in eight developing countries
Constructing communities : the establishment and demographic development of sawmill communities in the Sundsvall district, 1850-1890
Environment and man in Nepal
The demographic challenge : a handbook about Japan
Restructuring South Asian security
Humans under climate forcing : how climate change shaped hunter-gatherer population dynamics in Europe 30,000–4000 years ago
Harming future persons : ethics, genetics and the nonidentity problem
The position of the Turkish and Moroccan Second Generation in Amsterdam and Rotterdam : the TIES study in the Netherlands
Multidisciplinary Latin American Studies : Festschrift in Honor of Martti Pärssinen
Fertility development in Estonia during the second half of the XX century : the economic context and its implications
Finnish economy : structural indicators 2008
Reshaping tomorrow : is South Asia ready for the big leap?
Small town China : governance, economy, environment and lifestyle in three zhen
Boomers and beyond : considering the role of libraries
Fiscal sustainability and policy rules under changing demographic forecasts
Agriculture and forestry in Sweden since 1900 : a cartographic description
Population and development : a critical introduction
Promoting employment opportunities for the elderly employees in Japan's ageing society
Retirement, work and pensions in ageing Korea
Population and economic change in developing countries
New perspectives on international migration and development
Immigration and population
Population growth and economic development : issues and evidence
State of world population 2004 : the Cairo consensus at ten - population, reproductive health and the global effort to end poverty
Population 10 billion : [the coming demographic crisis and how to survive it]
Billions more to feed
Population ageing and international development : from generalisation to evidence
Living the rural in a shrinking economy : household adaptions to economic and demographic decline in an Ostrobothnian village
Paper bag collection
The third revolution : environment, population and a sustainable world
Reports on national experience in the formulation and implementation of population policy 1960-1975 : Panama, Haiti, Equatorial Guinea, Afghanistan
Birth control in China, 1949-2000 : population policy and demographic development
Population and development : old debates, new conclusions
The fertility revolution : a supply-demand analysis
Abstract: Settlement structure and water services in sparsely populated areas until 2030.
2052 : a global forecast for the next forty years
Rethinking son preference : gender, population dynamics and social change in the People's Republic of China
"In 2050, the population in all the Nile Basin countries is expected to be ten times higher than it was in 1950. This will put ever increasing pressure on water as a resource for development. The Nile Basin catchment area is shared by 11 countries covering about one-tenth of the African continent. Globally, around 70 per cent of fresh water consumption is used in agriculture. This puts the spotlight on future scenarios regarding food production: will there be enough water for food security in the Nile Basin countries? In this Current African Issues publication, water scarcity and food security are analysed from a range of perspectives. What are the future predictions regarding population increase and climate change, and how will these affect development in Nile Basin countries? What are the current water theories addressing the above issues, and what are the main challenges the Nile Basin countries will face in a context that is also strongly shaped by its history?" --Publisher's description.
Population 10 Billion
The silver market phenomenon : marketing and innovation in the aging society
Political instability, gender discrimination, and population growth in developing countries
Population and development : the demographic transition
Environment and health in the Accra metropolitan area, Ghana
Population matters : demographic change, economic growth, and poverty in the developing world
Finnish Yearbook of Population Research 47
Critical issues in contemporary China
China's social welfare : the third turning point
Following France's defeat in the Franco-Prussian War in 1870-71, French patriots feared that their country was in danger of becoming a second-rate power in Europe. Decreasing birth rates had largely slowed French population growth, and the country's population was not keeping pace with that of its European neighbors. To regain its standing in the European world, France set its sights on building a vast colonial empire while simultaneously developing a policy of pronatalism to reverse these demographic trends. Though representing distinct political movements, colonial supporters and pronatalist organizations were born of the same crisis and reflected similar anxieties concerning France's trajectory and position in the world. Regeneration through Empire explores the intersection between colonial lobbyists and pronatalists in France's Third Republic. Margaret Cook Andersen argues that as the pronatalist movement became more organized at the end of the nineteenth century, pronatalists increasingly understood their demographic crisis in terms that transcended the boundaries of the metropole and began to position the French empire, specifically its colonial holdings in North Africa and Madagascar, as a key component in the nation's regeneration. Drawing on an array of primary sources from French archives, Regeneration through Empire is the first book to analyze the relationship between depopulation and imperialism.
The purpose of this thesis work was to research the possibilities to launch and sell a new bag product. The bag product must fulfill the demands of the ongoing megatrends in the world. The significant megatrends regarding the new bag product are climate change, sustainability, resource scarcity and demographic change.     A customer survey was made to research customers' behavior of using different kinds of bags while running errands. The customers' general opinion of different kinds of bags and their good properties was researched in the survey.  The price that the customers' are willing to pay for different kinds of bags was also researched.     From the results of the survey, it was found out that plastic bags are used a great deal and in many cases every time when running errands, even though the opinion of the respondent about a plastic bag would not be very positive. Whereas none of the participants of the survey claimed to use a paper bag every time when running errands. Paper bag seem to have a reputation to be weak, not to withstand rain and to be inconvenient to transport. It was also found out from the survey that people are willing to pay the same amount for a plastic bag as for a paper bag. That amount is more than the price of a plastic bag and less than a paper bag. The respondents were willing to pay more for a luxury bag product.      The thesis work contains confidential material, which has been removed from the public version of the thesis work. Key words: customer research, demographic change, megatrends, paper bag, sustainability.
World population : an analysis of vital data
How civilizations die (and why Islam is dying too)
Prologue to development policy & population policy - the Pakistan experience : backround papers, workshop/seminar 13. 4-8 February 1975, Peshawar, Pakistan = Prologue à une politique de développement et de population : l'expérience du Pakistan = Prólogo de desarrollo y política de población : la experiancia de Paquistan
World food prospects : critical issues for the early twenty-first century
Population distribution policies in development planning : papers of the United Nations/UNFPA workshop on population distribution policies in development planning, Bangkok, 4-13 September 1979.
Cross-regional analysis of population aging in the Arctic
The Russia balance sheet
GIS and population estimates in pre-Roman central Italy
The population of the Caucasus
Demographic, economic and social interaction
The state and the stork : the population debate and policy making in US history
Demographic change and inequality in Japan
Regeneration through empire : French pronatalists and colonial settlement in the Third Republic
Population and technology
Changing poverty, changing policies
Population development in Helsinki and the Helsinki region : realised population growth and projections until 2050.
Surfing the sixth wave : exploring the next 40 years of global change : the interim report of the project "The 6th wave and systemic innovations for Finland : success factors for the years 2010-2050 (6th wave)"
Population bulletin of the United Nations : No. 15-1983
Siberia : a history of the people
Comparative perspectives on rural development and policy challenges in Sogn og Fjordane
World megatrends : towards the renewal of humanity
Population change and economic development
Environment and society : human perspectives on environmental issues
Global health and global aging
Proceedings SUSDEV-CHINA Symposium : sustainable agroecosystem management and development of rural-urban interaction in regions and cities of China
Below-replacement fertility in industrial societies : causes, consequences, policies
National atlas of Sweden. Agriculture and forestry in Sweden since 1900 : a cartographic description
Great expectations : America and the baby boom generation
