http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20832 apology
apology
War, guilt, and world politics after World War II
The Politics of Reparations and Apologies examines the evolution and dynamics of reparation politics and justice. The volume introduces the key concepts, theories, and terms associated with social movements and in particular, the redress and reparation movement (RRM). Drawing from RRMs that have their foundation in World War II--the German genocides, the United States internments, and the Japanese "comfort women" system-- the volume explores each case study's relative success or failure in achieving its goals and argues that there are overarching trends that can explain success and failure more generally in the RRM movement. Using the backdrop of international criminal law and normative concepts of reparations, the volume establishes and analyzes the roles of reparations and apologies in obtaining transitional justice. In each case study, there is a detailed rundown of the political actions that were attempted to obtain redress and reparation for the victims, of how successful the attempts were, and of the crucial factors which influenced the relative success or failure. Crucially, the volume offers a comparative framework of the actions that contribute to a successful outcome for transitional justice. With the increasing normative expectation of justice in post-conflict situations, this volume is a valuable resource for researchers in international affairs, human rights, political science, and conflict studies. -- Publisher's description.
Sorry
The politics of reparations and apologies
Taking wrongs seriously : apologies and reconciliation
The politics of official apologies
The age of apology : facing up to the past
Apologia Politica : states & their apologies by proxy
Apologies in the history of English : routinized and lexicalized expressions of responsibility and regret
This book investigates how speakers of English, Polish and Russian deal with offensive situations in communication. It reveals culture-specific perceptions of what counts as an apology and what constitutes politeness. Departing from a careful reinterpretation of Brown and Levinson's theory, it argues against the correlation between indirectness and politeness. The analysis of face considerations involved in apologising shows that in contrast to disarming apologies, remedial apologies are mainly directed towards positive face needs, which are crucial for the restoration of social equilibrium and maintenance of relationships. English apologies are characterised by a relatively strong focus on both interlocutors' negative face, while Polish apologies display a particular concern for positive face. For Russian speakers, apologies involve a lower degree of face threat than they do in the other two languages.
Evil Weasel
What got you here won't get you there : how successful people become even more successful!
Apologies can be profoundly meaningful, yet many gestures of contrition - especially those in legal contexts - appear hollow and even deceptive. Discussing numerous examples from ancient and recent history, I Was Wrong argues that we suffer from considerable confusion about the moral meanings and social functions of these complex interactions. Rather than asking whether a speech act 'is or is not' an apology, Smith offers a highly nuanced theory of apologetic meaning. Smith leads us though a series of rich philosophical and interdisciplinary questions, explaining how apologies have evolved from a confluence of diverse cultural and religious practices that do not translate easily into secular discourse or gender stereotypes. After classifying several varieties of apologies between individuals, Smith turns to apologies from collectives. Although apologies from corporations, governments, and other groups can be quite meaningful in certain respects, we should be suspicious of those that supplant apologies from individual wrongdoers.
"This book describes how the states in post-1945 Austria, Germany, and Japan have tried to deal with the legacy of the Second World War and how their policies have affected their relations with other countries in the region"
The speech act of apologizing : political apologies in Northern Irland
The sins of the nation and the ritual of apologies
The pragmatics of requests and apologies : developmental patterns of Mexican students
The pragmatics of politeness
Mea culpa : a sociology of apology and reconciliation
Stories for Simon
Japanese apologies for World War II : a rhetorical study
Apology and reconciliation in international relations : the importance of being sorry
I was wrong : the meanings of apologies
Rhino? What rhino?
On apologising in negative and positive politeness cultures
"We live in an age of apology and recrimination. Over the past two decades, the world has witnessed an unprecedented outpouring of expressions of contrition by political leaders for past injustices their countries are held responsible for. At the same time, there has been an upsurge in demands for apologies, restitution and variety of forms of compensation on the behalf of groups and nations that feel they have been victimized. The Federal Republic of Germany may well be the paradigmatic example of this trend. More than sixty years after the end of World War II it continues to wrestle with the legacies of the Third Reich, offering long-overdue compensation to the hundreds of thousands of former slave laborers while arguing with the governments of Poland and the Czech Republic over how to commemorate the millions of ethnic Germans who were driven out of Eastern Europe in the aftermath of the war. Germany might seem to have long been a special case in this regard, burdened as it is by an especially terrible history. Yet other examples abound: the bitter disputes between Russia and its neighbors over how to view the Soviet Union, the disagreement between Israelis and Palestinians over whether the Arab population in Israel had fled or were driven from their homes in 1947, or repeated accusations in Asia that Japan has failed to apologize adequately for its history of atrocity and aggression before 1945. And the list could well be extended almost ad infinitum"
Sorry!
Troubled apologies among Japan, Korea, and the United States
Speech act performance : theoretical, empirical and methodological issues
Lively Elizabeth!
The inbox : understanding and maximizing student-instructor email
Alphonse, that is not ok to do!
