http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20821 marine accidents
marine accidents
M/S Lemo, tulipalo aluksen keittiössä Kotkan edustalla 22.11.2008 = M/S Lemo, fire in the galley of the vessel off Kotka on 22.11.2008
Risks at sea : exhibition catalogue
The Titanic : voices from the BBC archives
Until the sea shall free them : life, death, and survival in the Merchant Marine
Taking care : human error - how to prevent personal injuries to crew, stevedores and others in the shipping industry
Voices from the Titanic lives
Safety of the integrated navigation system of a ship in fault situations
Essentials of sea survival
Maritime safety and security : literature review
Circulation patterns in the Gulf of Finland applied to environmental management of marine protected areas
Maritime accident on 5th November 1991 10 nautical miles east of Teesport, England, U.K
Doomed ships : great ocean liner disasters
Maritime security and security measures : MIMIC study in the Baltic Sea area
Targeting accident prone ships by their behaviour and safety culture
Model course. 3.11, Marine Accident and Incident Investigation
Titanic : collector's edition
The rime of the modern mariner
Baltic Sea Maritime Safety Programme
Some uses of accident data in maritime occupational safety
The Colregs guide
Gard handbook on protection of the marine environment
A hope more powerful than the sea : the journey of Doaa al Zamel
Proceedings of the Second FAROS Public Workshop, 30th September 2014, Espoo, Finland
Accident probabilities in selected areas of the Gulf of Finland
The liability of classification societies
Disaster at sea
When a confrontation between a radical environmentalist group and a Danish cruiser erupts, Kurt Austin, leader of NUMA's Special Assignment Team is forced to rescue a shipful of trapped men. / WorldCat.
Innocent passage : the wreck of the tanker Braer
The law of collisions at sea and shipoeners' liability
A guide to the collision avoidance rules : international regulations for preventing collisions at sea
Final report RS 2014:03e : fatal accident on board the Morraborg in the port of Holmsund, in the county of västerbotten, Sweden 3 July 2011.
Titanic : the complete guide to building the Titanic
Risk analysis in maritime transportation : principles, frameworks and evaluation
Transforming maritime safety culture : evaluation of the impacts of the ISM code on maritime safety culture in Finland
438 Days : an extraordinary true story of survival at sea
Collisions at sea - how?
Titanic : the legend of the unsinkable ship
The midnight watch
The rough guide to the Titanic
Collisions and their causes
Green ships - eco shipping - clean seas : the 12th Annual General Assembly, International Association of Maritime University, Gdynia, Poland, 12-14 June 2011
Design method for safe ship structures
The wreck of the Batavia
"Just doing my job"
In 1983, the Marine Electric, a reconditioned World War II vessel, was on a routine voyage 30 miles off the East coast of the US when disaster struck. As the old coal carrier sank, chief mate Bob Cusick watched his crew succumb to the mountainous waves and sub-zero winds of the Atlantic. This title describes the wreck of the Marine Electric.
Better to leave your ship in the hands of a pilot
Summary: Fishing vessel Masi, FIN 219-V, drowning of a fisherman on 5 November 2008 in Hanö bay, Sweden.
Maritime safety in the Gulf of Finland : review on policy instruments
Strandings and their causes
Advanced first aid afloat
Titanic lives : migrants and millionaires, conmen and crew
Nanhai 1 and the maritime silk road = "Nanhai 1 hao" yu hai shang si chou zhi lu
Possibilities of co-operation in maritime occupational statistics
101 things you thought you knew about the Titanic ... but didn't!
Russian arctic seas : navigational conditions and accidents = Моря Российской Арктики: Условия навигации и происшествия
The lifeboat
Fatal accident onboard the MV MAERSK SURABAYA on 1 September 2014 off Shanghai
Leviathan
"Reliable statistics of occupational accidents are necessary for rational improvement of safety of seafarers by benchmarking. Several organisations regularly publish maritime occupational accident data, but the comparisons and benchmarking are difficult for several reasons, which are discussed in this commentary. For this purpose, the content of published information was analysed in view of similar features and the possibilities of joint uses of the data were reviewed for four Nordic countries. The main purpose of this publication is to start a discussion on how the statistic information of maritime occupational accidents could be made comparable for the Nordic countries. The project CAFE was funded by the EU, the Regional Council of Päijät-Häme, Turku University of Applied Sciences and the participants from the industry. " --
The grab bag book : your ultimate guide to liferaft survival
"Estonia" : the disaster in Estonian media
Analysis of human and organizational factors in marine traffic risk modeling : literature review
Probabilistic modeling of ship grounding : a review of the literature
Sunken treasures : secrets from the deep
Titanic unclassified : secrets of the Titanic revealed
Groundings and collisions: risk and uncertainty : case studies from the Gulf of Finland on chemical tankers
Titanic : Triumph and tragedy
Titanic : 2-disc collector's edition
On 17th November, 2012, Salvador Alvarenga left the coast of Mexico for a two-day fishing trip. A vicious storm killed his engine and the current dragged his boat out to sea. The storm picked up and carried him West, deeper into the heart of the Pacific Ocean. Alvarenga would not touch solid ground again for 14 months. When he was washed ashore on January 30th, 2014, he had drifted over 9,000 miles. Three dozen cruise ships and container vessels passed nearby. Not one stopped for the stranded fisherman. He considered suicide on multiple occasions - including offering himself up to a pack of circling sharks. But Alvarenga developed a method of survival that kept his body and mind intact long enough for the Pacific Ocean to spit him up onto a remote palm-studded island. Crawling ashore, he was saved by a local couple living in their own private castaway paradise. Based on dozens of hours of interviews with Alvarenga and his colleagues, search and rescue officials, the medical team that saved his life and the remote islanders who nursed him back to normality, this is an epic tale of survival and one man's incredible story of beating the ultimate odds.
What went wrong : investigating the worst man-made and natural disasters
Study of the risk for accidents and the related environmental hazards from the transportation of chemicals by tankers in the Baltic Sea area
The grounding of the M/S Silja Europa at Furusund in the Stockholm archipelago on 13 January 1995.
Grounding consequences analysis
Accident analysis : the tool for risk evaluation
Abstract: Response actions during major marine oil accidents : organizing and managing the response and communication.
White death : a Kurt Austin adventure, a novel from the NUMA® files
Dictionary of disasters at sea during the age of steam : including sailing ships and ships of war lost in action 1824-1962
Maritime security and safety threats : study in the Baltic Sea area
Titanic : lost and found
Navigation accidents and their causes
Dynamics of ship collisions
Material relation to assess the crashworthiness of ship structures
The Hole : another look at the sinking of the Estonia Ferry on September 28th 1994
M/s Finnfellow, grounding near Överö in Aland, April 2, 2000.
Collision cases, judgments and diagrams
Great sea disasters : the world's worst sea disasters
February
M/S Finnclipper, karilleajo Kapellskärin edustalla 20.01.2004 = M/V Finnclipper, grounding off Kapellskär 20.01.2004 : translation of the original Finnish report
The discovery of the Titanic
