http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20873 drama education
drama education
Inspired drama teaching : a practical guide for teachers
This collection of essays from many of the world's pre-eminent drama education practitioners captures the challenges and struggles of teaching with honesty, humour, openness, and integrity. Collectively the authors possess some two hundred years of shared experience in the field, and each essay investigates the mistakes of best-intentions, the lack of awareness, and the omissions that pock all of our careers. The authors ask, and answer quite honestly, a series of difficult and reflexive questions: What obscured our understanding of our students' needs in a particular moment? What drove our professional expectations? And how has our practice changed as a result of those experiences? Modelled on reflective practice, this book will be an essential, everyday guide to the challenges of drama education.
Drama and theatre as arts education
Staging an interactive mystery play : a six-week program for developing theatre skills
Arts contact points between cultures : 1st International Journal of Intercultural Arts Education Conference : post-conference book
The perfect norm : how to teach differentially, assess effectively, and manage a classroom ethically in ways that are "brain-friendly" and culturally responsive
Speaking, listening and drama
More theatre games for young performers : improvisations and exercises for developing acting skills
Drama : learning connections in primary schools, 2e
This book is for both art-based researchers and research-informed artists, exploring the theatrical genre known as Collective Creation, or Playbuilding. Performers generate data around chosen topics - from addiction and sexuality to qualitative research - by compiling scenes from their disparate voices. Audience members become involved in the investigation, and the performed scenes do not end the conversation but challenge and extend it. Through discussion and audience participation, the process examines how knowledge is defined and how data is mediated.
One minute plays : a practical guide to tiny theatre
Janek Szatkowski : a Nordic drama science researcher
"Dramatic Interactions in Education draws together contemporary sociocultural research across drama and educational contents to draw out implications for researchers and practitioners both within and outside the field. Drama is a field for which human interactions, experience, emotional expression, and attitude are central, with those in non-arts fields discovering that understandings emerging from drama education can provide models and means for examining the affective and relational domains which are essential for understanding learning processes. In addition to this, those in the realm of drama education and applied theatre are realising that sociocultural and historical-cultural approaches can usefully inform their research and practice. Leading international theorists and researchers from across the UK, Europe, USA and Australia combine theoretical discussions, research methodologies, accounts of research and applications in classroom and learning contexts, as they explore concepts from Vygotsky's foundational work and interrogate key concepts such as perezhivanie (or the emotional, lived experience), development of self, zone of proximal development"--
A reflective practitioner's guide to (mis)adventures in drama education : or, what was I thinking?
Talking points for Shakespeare plays : discussion activities for Hamlet, A Midsummer Night's Dream, Romeo and Juliet and Richard III
The shift : finding your life's purpose
Key Concepts in Theatre/Drama Education provides the first comprehensive survey of contemporary research trends in theatre/drama education.... Fifty seven entries, written by sixty scholars from across the world, aim to convey the zeitgeist of the field. The book's key innovation lies in its method of writing, through collaborative networking, an open peer-review process, and meaning-making involving all contributors.... The volume clearly shows that drama/theatre educators and researchers have created a language with its own grammar and lucid syntax. The concepts outlined convey the current knowledge of scholars, highlighting what they consider significant. Entries cover interdependent topics on teaching and learning, aesthetics and ethics, curricula and history, culture and community, various populations and their needs, theatre for young people, digital technology, narrative and pedagogy, research methods, Shakespeare and Brecht, other various modes of theatre and the education of theatre teachers.--From publisher description.
Learning through drama in the primary years
Theatre teachers are forced to adapt constantly. Whether responding to advancing technologies, cuts to (or the growth of) their programme or ever-changing governmental mandates, they struggle to serve both their students and their craft. Using a theatre arts programme at one Midwestern high school, this book explores how change, good or ill, directly impacts students as well as teachers. Building on the work of the previous edition of Temporary Stages, Jo Beth Gonzalez shows teachers how to sustain confidence and outlines 'critically conscious' teaching, a technique that encourages students to practise self-agency and critical awareness. Essential reading for all theatre teachers, this indispensible resource is a font of innovative classroom and production practices.
Progression in secondary drama
Drama for learning : Dorothy Heathcote's mantle of the expert approach to education
Abstract.
International yearbook for research in arts education, Volume 3 (2015)
Learning through talk in the early years : practical activities for the classroom
"A compendium of work from leading academics exploring sociocultural theory and research applications within the realm of drama and education"--
Learning to teach drama : a case narrative approach
Drama and intelligence : a cognitive theory
The reflexive teaching artist : collected wisdom from the drama/theatre field
Theatre for young audiences : a critical handbook
Making theatre : the frazzled drama teacher's guide to devising
Teaching primary English through drama : a practical and creative approach
Forum theatre for children : enhancing social, emotional and creative development
Distancing at close range : investigating the significance of distancing in drama education
Teaching drama in the classroom : a toolbox for teachers
Let's have a party! : testing students' knowledge via a joint artistic happening
Finnish pupils' success in international student assessment tests and the characteristics of the Finnish educational system are the focus of interest all around in the world. The significance of Finnish educational policy and societal atmosphere are continuously discussed. This book provides explanations, answers and reflections to these questions. Over 30 expert authors have contributed to this book by bringing their own specific research-based points of view. The second edition of the book introduces the new national curriculum for basic education that now provides guidelines for school-based curricula. Students' learning with engagement and schools as learning communities are core visions of the reform. The authors also reflect on the PISA 2012 results. The book gives an example on how to use PISA information for national improvements. In Finland, all evaluations are enhancement-led and this also includes PISA measurements. The book illustrates how teaching and learning of different subjects is realized in Finnish schools and describes the essential characteristics and methods of teaching, learning materials and research on these issues. The book provides important insight and reflections to international researchers, teachers, students, journalists and policy makers, who are interested in teaching and learning in Finnish schools. It shows the results of the systematic and persistent work that has been done on education and schooling in Finland. The main features of education in Finland are:Strong equity policy, teachers as autonomous and reflective academic experts, flexible educational structures and local responsibility for curriculum development, evaluation for improvements, not for ranking, no national testing, no inspectorate, research-based teacher education, teachers' high competence in content knowledge and pedagogy, trust in education and teachers.
Creative interventions for marginalised youth : the Risky Business project
Drama education and dramatherapy : exploring the space between disciplines
Delivering authentic arts education
Theatre for change : education, social action and therapy
"Gavin Bolton's contextual drama is the result of more than two decades of study of Bolton's theory and practice. For teachers and those in the caring professions, it will clarify the power of contextual drama as a beneficial learning medium for children and adults, both within and beyond the classroom. The core of the book is a detailed analysis of nine examples of the contextual drama mode; the first five demonstrate and analyze Bolton's practice with children and young people and the final four describe his teaching with adults. Each chapter is framed by an introduction that contextualizes Bolton, from his initial beginnings working with visually and aurally-challenged children to his position as reader in drama at Durham University. The final two chapters offer reflection on the nature of this work and, in particular, the significance of Bolton's contributions to education."
Drama games for classrooms and workshops
Research methodologies for drama education
Researching drama and arts education : paradigms and possibilities
European children's drama and video camp in Finland July 27 - August 4, 2002
Youth theatre : drama for life
Special interest fields of drama, theatre and education : the IDEA dialogues
Dramaworks : planning drama, creating practical structures, developing drama pretexts
Forum Theatre can help primary as well as secondary school students to explore personal and collective challenges in their lives. Its secure scaffolding enables them to share their views and fears and develop their social, emotional and creative skills. In Forum Theatre for Children educational psychologist Nick Hammond describes each step of the process of FT – the activities, workshops and performances – so that adults who work with children can develop their own FT projects to explore issues children are concerned about. He takes readers through real-life FT models that have helped children to cope in conditions of austerity and family instability, and to explore difficult issues such as transition – be it to secondary school, a new home or even a new country. The book shows how FT can develop children's sense of solidarity, belonging, problem-solving, constructive protest and community membership, and give them a way to experiment with roles and find sustainable real-life solutions to personal and shared challenges. This book is an invaluable resource for primary and secondary school teachers, drama teachers and trainee teachers, and for psychologists, youth workers, social workers, drama students, theatre practitioners, art therapists and others interested in working with children and young people in educational and community settings.
Planning process drama : enriching teaching and learning
"Based on updated QCA/NLS guidelines and drama objectives, this book: * combines practical advice on planning, teaching and assessing with best teaching practices * offers detailed guidance on the Key stage 3 drama curriculum * includes lesson plans for years 7-9 for students to use in their teaching"--Back cover.
Beyond the obvious : three acts in educational drama
Transformations through drama : a teacher's guide to educational drama, grades K-8
Speaking and listening through drama 7-11
Transforming teaching and learning with active and dramatic approaches : engaging students across the curriculum
Miracle of education : the principles and practices of teaching and learning in Finnish schools
This yearbook is the third in an annual series of publications by the International Network for Research in Arts Education (INRAE). It provides an inclusive study of contemporary research trends in arts education. The book is based on the idea of constructing knowledge in arts education with the wisdom of the many. 104 scholars from across the world convey the zeitgeist of key issues in research in arts education through 91 entries. Various disciplines of arts education (music, art, visual arts and digital media, drama and theatre), as well as sections on interdisciplinary themes (culture, communities, teaching and learning, assessment, policy, morals, ethics and aesthetics) and methodological issues (a research section), are incorporated in a compendium for every researcher, student, teacher or artist who wants to be engaged in the recent exchange of scholarly ideas on what is considered significant by the many. The key issues represented in the book reflect images and observations that a large body of researchers consider to be essential at this point of time.
Learning through imagined experience : the role of drama in the national curriculum
Organising young people's dramatic practices : a report from a Nordic-Baltic-Russian educational theatre network 1999-2001
Young children, pedagogy and the arts : ways of seeing
Where do these rails go? : drama in education in practising fluency for upper secondary school English students
Teaching through theatre : six practical projects
Can you really write a play that lasts a minute? The one minute play offers a unique challenge to actors, directors and writers: how do you create a whole world, where actors have room to perform and where audiences have a true experience all in 60 seconds? One Minute Plays: A Practical Guide to Tiny Theatre demystifies the super-short-form play, demonstrating that this rich, accessible format offers great energy and variety not only to audiences but to everyone involved in its creation and performance. This handbook includes: An anthology of 200 one-minute plays selected from the annual Gone in 60 Seconds festival. A toolbox of exercises, methodologies and techniques for educators, practitioners and workshop leaders at all levels. Tips and advice on the demands of storytelling, inclusivity and creative challenges. Detailed practical information about creating your own minute festival, including play selection, running order, staging and marketing. Drawing on a wealth of experience, Steve Ansell and Rose Burnett Bonczek present an invaluable guide for anyone intrigued by the art of creating, producing and performing a one minute play.
Drama projects for the middle school classroom : a collection of theatre activities for young actors
Child play : its importance for human development
"Youth and Theatre of the Oppressed investigates a performance strategy which aims to develop possible alternatives to oppressive forces in individual's lives. Eminent contributors offer diverse perspectives on the theories and practices within Theatre of the Oppressed, especially as it relates to young people. This book shares TO's goal of engaging the collective to create generative conversations among readers which look deeply into the issues of community through theatre - whether in India or Indiana - and to work with young people to name their world, untangle the knot of oppressions, and to develop with them possible action plans for their own futures."--Publisher's description.
Another 100 + ideas for drama
Dictionary of developmental drama : the use of educational drama, theatre education, creative dramatics, children's theatre, drama therapy and related areas
The Reflexive Teaching Artist invites Teaching Artists at all levels of experience to consider the power of reflective practice. Kathryn Dawson and Daniel A. Kelin, II offer a reflective framework – a series of foundational concepts, including intentionality, quality, artistic perspective, assessment, and praxis – illuminated through reflexive case-study examples from Teaching Artists in a wide range of settings. The authors write from the dual perspectives of artist and educator to raise fundamental questions about the complex intentions, relationships and function of the teaching artist in school, community, and professional theatre settings. Through questions, guided reflection activities, collected wisdom from the field, and an introductory action-research model, Dawson, Kelin and their contributors closely examine the practice of teaching in, through, and about drama and theatre.
Young primary school teachers as drama educators - possibilities and challenges
Creative drama in the primary grades : a handbook for teachers
Playbuilding as qualitative research : a participatory arts-based approach
Creating democratic citizenship through drama education : the writings of Jonothan Neelands ; edited by Peter O'Connor ; foreword by David Booth and Juliana Saxton
Acting out : the workbook : a guide to the development and presentation of issue-oriented, audience-interactive, improvisational theatre
The arts as meaning makers : integrating literature and the arts throughout the curriculum
Masterclass in drama education : transforming teaching and learning
The zones of proximal development in children's play
Drama at the heart of the secondary school : projects to promote authentic learning
Dorothy Heathcote on education and drama : essential writings
A teachers resource handbook : getting assessement right : drama
Drama : games and activities for ages 5-11
This practical book offers unique and powerful ways to use play to investigate stories, big ideas, and events. It focuses on dramatic play as a natural response to learning. It argues that dramatic play is not theatre, but a dynamic process that involves planning, playing, and practice, so that children become the story, live the life of the characters, bump up against issues, and better appreciate the complexities of real life.
Drama in three movements : a Ulyssean encounter
Youth Theatre: Drama for Life defines the youth theatre process, by outlining its constituent parts and explaining how these activities work in order to support young people's development. As well as describing what is done in youth theatre, it also explores why it's done and how to ensure the best possible outcomes. The book is in four parts: Part 1 explores the nature and purpose of youth theatre, drawing on Michael Richardson's extensive personal experience as a practitioner and manager. Part 2 explains, in detail, the youth theatre process: warming up, playing games, voice work, developing skills, devising and the presentation of devised work. Part 3 discusses how to create an appropriate environment within which the youth theatre process can be most effectively applied. Part 4 covers the most common applications of the youth theatre process, namely using it in different education environments; and youth theatre productions and performance. On top of this, two appendices give a list of over 60 games that are useful to use in youth theatre; and a list of recommended further reading that supports this book. As well as giving key tips and advice from his own invaluable experience, Richardson offers comments from practitioners and participants on what makes a successful youth theatre experience.
"Just playing the part" : engaging adolescents in drama & literacy
Drama as education : an argument for placing drama at the centre of the curriculum
MMADD about the arts : an introduction to primary arts education
Dramatic play in the early years
Structuring drama work : a handbook of available forms in theatre and drama
Using drama to teach personal, social and emotional skills
Theatre & education
International handbook of research in arts education
Drama with children
Time for drama : a handbook for secondary teachers
The art of theatre, film& television : an introduction
This practical text helps student teachers develop their confidence, understandings and skills so that they can effectively and authentically teach arts in primary and middle school classrooms. Delivering Authentic Arts Education outlines the true nature of arts education and its importance in the curriculum, emphasising the arts as forms of creative activity, meaning-making and expression in a cultural context. Written in the context of the Australian Curriculum: The Arts, this new edition makes it easy for students to connect to curriculum documents. Chapters discuss how to recognise and build on your existing artistic abilities and pedagogical skills, how to encourage children's creativity, and the general principles of planning and assessment. It then examines the five arts areas: dance, drama, media arts, music and visual arts. The final part of the text contains sample learning activities and resources that demonstrate how to plan an effective lesson within a unit of inquiry. Practical tips, classroom 'snapshots', starter ideas and suggestions for programs show you the links between theory and practice so you can develop arts education experiences that are purposeful, stimulating and engaging for everyone.
The practical primary drama handbook
Acting in classroom drama : a critical analysis
Drama and theatre in education : contemporary research
Drama education with digital technology
Practical drama handbook
GCSE coursework : drama : a teachers' guide to organisation and assessment
Drama, culture and empowerment : the IDEA dialogues
Drama as a teaching method in the EFL classroom in Finnish upper secondary school : views of the students
Temporary stages. II, Critically oriented drama education
Selected readings in drama and theatre education : the IDEA '95 papers
Planning process drama
The drama classroom : action, reflection, transformation
Education and dramatic art
Dorothy Heathcote : drama as a learning medium
Gavin Bolton's contextual drama : the road less travelled
Towards a theory of drama in education
Intercultural bridges in teenagers' theatrical events : performing self and constructing cultural identity through a creative drama process
Dramatic interactions in education : Vygotskian and sociocultural approaches to drama, education and research
With drama in mind : real learning in imagined worlds
"Dramatherapy is increasingly being used in schools and educational establishments as a way of supporting young people's emotional needs. This book examines the space between drama education and Dramatherapy exploring the questions: Does a therapist teach? When does the role of the drama teacher border on that of therapist? How do these two professions see and understand each other and the roles they play? In Drama Education and Dramatherapy, Clive Holmwood draws on his experience as a Dramatherapist and examines the history of drama education and Dramatherapy, exploring the social, political, therapeutic and artistic influences that have impacted these two professions over the last century. He also discusses how these fields are intrinsically linked and examines the liminal qualities betwixt and between them. The book considers two specific case studies, from the therapist's and teacher's perspectives discussing what happens in the drama class and therapy space including how the dramatic form is understood, explored and expressed both educationally and therapeutically. The 'them and us' mentality, which often exists in two different professions that share a common origin is also explored. The book contemplates how teachers and Dramatherapists can work collaboratively in the future, bringing down barriers that exist between them and beginning a working dialogue that will ultimately and holistically support the children and young people they all work with. This book will be of interest to those involved in using drama in an educational or therapeutic context, including: drama teachers, arts therapists, teachers of arts therapy and researchers within wider arts, applied arts and educational faculties within colleges and universities"--
Creative drama in the classroom
Magic beans : a material package for teaching English through storytelling and creative drama in primary school
Key concepts in theatre/drama education
Inspiring writing through drama : creative approaches to teaching ages 7-16
Youth and theatre of the oppressed
Design learning and well-being : 4th International Journal of Intercultural Arts Education
Drama education in the lives of girls : imagining possibilities
Teaching classroom drama and theatre : practical projects for secondary schools
Nordic voices in drama, theatre and education
Education in drama : casting the dramatic curriculum
