http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20871 a posteriori
a posteriori
Building dragons : digital transformation in the experience economy
Re-investing authenticity : tourism, place and emotions
Eli Rozik explores the principles that generated the theatre medium, and its possible roots in the preverbal imagistic mode of thinking. This mode characterizes the remnants of preverbal thinking, such as unconscious thinking (dreaming), the embryonic speech of toddlers, and their imaginative play and drawings prior to mastering verbal thinking. The book is a recapitulation of major findings regarding the nature of the theatre, its medium, fictional creativity and origin, and includes new unpublished studies. It address the principles of imagistic, metaphoric, symbolic and fictional thinking, which characterize the theatre, as well as reception and acting. The work has been designed to fit the structure of a university course, and will appeal to people interested in broadening their knowledge and understanding of theatre art.
Everyday music listening : absorption, dissociation and trancing
Performance in the twenty-first century : theatres of engagement
As the World Thought Leaders on Customer Experience, Colin Shaw and the team at Beyond Philosophy have undertaken more than 18 months of groundbreaking research to discover the emotions that drive and destroy value in an organization, and can now disclose the empirical link between evoking these emotions and substantial financial returns.
Reckoning with spirit in the paradigm of performance
FutureSelf : reflections on a personal future simulation system
Kinetic kid : guiding child interaction within a motion game
Working at the cutting edge of live performance, an emerging generation of artists is employing digital technologies to create distinctive forms of interactive, distributed, and often deeply subjective theatrical performance. The work of these artists is not only fundamentally transforming the experience of theater, it is also reshaping the nature of human interaction with computers. In this book, Steve Benford and Gabriella Giannachi offer a new theoretical framework for understanding these experiences--which they term mixed reality performances--and document a series of landmark performances and installations that mix the real and the virtual, live performance and interactivity. Benford and Giannachi draw on a number of works that have been developed at the University of Nottingham's Mixed Reality Laboratory, describing collaborations with artists (most notably the group Blast Theory) that have gradually evolved a distinctive interdisciplinary approach to combining practice with research. They offer detailed and extended accounts of these works from different perspectives, including interviews with the artists and Mixed Reality Laboratory researchers. The authors develop an overarching theory to guide the study and design of mixed reality performances based on the approach of interleaved trajectories through hybrid structures of space, time, interfaces, and roles. Combinations of canonical, participant, and historic trajectories show how such performances establish complex configurations of real and virtual, local and global, factual and fictional, and personal and social.
Beyond learning by doing : theoretical currents in experiential education
The psychophysical ear : musical experiments, experimental sounds, 1840-1910
"Does science have limits? Where does order come from? Can we understand consciousness? Written by Nobel Laureate Leon N. Cooper, this book places pressing scientific questions in the broader context of how they relate to human experience. Widely considered to be a highly original thinker, Cooper has written and given talks on a large variety of subjects, ranging from the relationship between art and science, possible limits of science, to the relevance of the Turing Test. These essays and talks have been brought together for the first time in this fascinating book, giving readers an opportunity to experience Cooper's unique perspective on a range of subjects. Tackling a diverse spectrum of topics, from the conflict of faith and science to whether understanding neural networks could lead to machines that think like humans, this book will captivate anyone interested in the interaction of science with society"--
This book explores the dynamics of place, location and territories from the perspective of an experience-based economy. It offers a valuable contribution to this new approach and the planning and management challenges it faces.This book emphasises three key avenues to understanding the experience economy. First, the book reconsiders innovation processes and the relationship between the consumption and production of experience value. Second, it considers emerging forms of governance related to experience-based development in businesses and cities. Third, it examines the role of place as a value.
Future theatre research : origin, medium, performance-text, reception and acting
Stereoscopic distortions as an artistic practice
Places of pilgrimage
Atmospheres : aesthetics of emotional spaces
Place of geometry / Shoji Kato
Making leisure work : architecture and the experience economy
Rethink critical regionalism : hot spring hotel design
The pedagogy of recognition : dancing identity and mutuality
Negotiated moments : improvisation, sound, and subjectivity
Spatial dynamics in the experience economy
In Refrains for Moving Bodies, Derek P. McCormack explores the kinds of experiments with experience that can take place in the affective spaces generated when bodies move. Drawing out new connections between thinkers including Henri Lefebvre, William James, John Dewey, Gregory Bateson, Felix Guattari, and Gilles Deleuze, McCormack argues for a critically affirmative experimentalism responsive to the opportunities such spaces provide for rethinking and remaking maps of experience. Foregrounding the rhythmic and atmospheric qualities of these spaces, he demonstrates the particular value of Deleuze and Guattari's concept of the "refrain" for thinking and diagramming affect, bodies, and space-times together in creative ways, putting this concept to work to animate empirical encounters with practices and technologies as varied as dance therapy, choreography, radio sports commentary, and music video. What emerges are geographies of experimental participation that perform and disclose inventive ways of thinking within the myriad spaces where the affective capacities of bodies are modulated through moving.
Tourism and visual culture : volume 1 : theories and concepts
Science and human experience : values, culture and the mind
James Boswell's urban experience in eighteenth-century London
Exploring the customer experience for 4DSwing golf coaching technology
The role of user experience in a business-to-business context
Transfer : review, reconstruction, and resolution
The world shows up for us - it is present in our thought and perception. But, as Alva Noe contends in his latest exploration of the problem of consciousness, it doesn't show up for free.   The world is not simply available; it is achieved rather than given. As with a painting in a gallery, the world has no meaning - no presence to be experienced - apart from our able engagement with it.   We must show up, too, and bring along what knowledge and skills we've cultivated.   This means that education, skills acquisition, and technology can expand the world's availability to us and transform our consciousness. Although deeply philosophical, Varieties of Presence is nurtured by collaboration with scientists and artists. Cognitive science, dance, and performance art as well as Kant and Wittgenstein inform this literary and personal work of scholarship intended no less for artists and art theorists, psychologists, cognitive scientists, and anthropologists than for philosophers. Noe rejects the traditional representational theory of mind and its companion internalism, dismissing outright the notion that conceptual knowledge is radically distinct from other forms of   practical ability or know-how. For him, perceptual presence and thought presence are species of the same genus. Both are varieties of exploration through which we achieve contact with the world. Forceful reflections on the nature of understanding, as well as substantial examination of the perceptual experience of pictures and what they depict or model are included in this far-ranging discussion.
You are the music : how music reveals what it means to be human
Experience design : exploring the value of creating experiences
In a context of financial crisis that has often produced a feeling of identity crisis for the individual, the theatre has provided a unifying forum, treating spectators as citizens. This book critically deals with representative plays and playwrights who have stood out in the UK and internationally in the post-recession era, delivering theatre that in the process of being truthful to the contemporary experience has also redefined theatrical form and content. Built around a series of case-studies of seminal contemporary plays exploring issues of social and political crisis, the volume is augmented by interviews with UK and international directors, artistic directors and the playwrights whose work is examined. As well as considering UK stage productions, Angelaki analyses European, North American and Australian productions, of post-2000 plays by writers including: Caryl Churchill, Mike Bartlett, Dennis Kelly, Simon Stephens, Martin Crimp, debbie tucker green, Duncan Macmillan, Nick Payne and Lucy Prebble. At the heart of the analysis and of the plays discussed is an appreciation of what interconnects artists and audiences, enabling the kind of mutual recognition that fosters the feeling of collectivity. As the book argues, this is the state whereby the theatre meets its social imperative by eradicating the distance between stage and spectator and creating a genuinely shared space of ideas and dialogue, taking on topics including the economy, materialism, debt culture, the environment, urban protest, social media and mental health. Social and Political Theatre in 21st-Century Britain demonstrates that such contemporary playwriting invests in and engenders moments of performative reciprocity and spirituality so as to present the audience with a cohesive collective experience.
Everyday life in Asia : social perspectives on the senses
Experience the message : how experiential marketing is changing the brand world
Affective performance and cognitive science : body, brain, and being
Experimental design : from user studies to psychophysics
Silent image : the CityBeat project
Marketing of tourism experiences
Tokyo flâneur : a study of urban experience in narrative
The city in the experience economy : role and transformation
"Truc" a tool (rolling) for urban camping : a reflection about city perceptions and experiences
Immersive theatre currently enjoys ubiquity, popularity and recognition in theatre journalism and scholarship. However, the politics of immersive theatre aesthetics still lacks a substantial critique. Does immersive theatre model a particular kind of politics, or a particular kind of audience? What's involved in the production and consumption of immersive theatre aesthetics? Is a productive audience always an empowered audience? And do the terms of an audience's empowerment stand up to political scrutiny? Beyond Immersive Theatre contextualises these questions by tracing the evolution of neoliberal politics and the experience economy over the past four decades. Through detailed critical analyses of work by Ray Lee, Lundahl & Seitl, Punchdrunk, shunt, Theatre Delicatessen and Half Cut, Adam Alston argues that there is a tacit politics to immersive theatre aesthetics – a tacit politics that is illuminated by neoliberalism, and that is ripe to be challenged by the evolution and diversification of immersive theatre.
Refrains for moving bodies : experience and experiment in affective spaces
Experiential Marketing - Entertaining Events or a Crucial Part of the Marketing Mix?
The central library as the steppingstone of Helsinki : developing new service design for an authentic tourist experience
Live. 2, Not what I am : trhe experience of performing
Exploring interaction design for children's play
Character-driven game design : a design approach and its foundations in character engagement
You may also like : taste in an age of endless choice
Voice studies : critical approaches to process, performance and experience
Notions of the city : notes on a place
Altered experience in dance/dancing : investigation into the nature of altered experience in dancing and pedagogical support
In what ways does listening to music shape everyday perception? Is music particularly effective in promoting shifts in consciousness? Is there any difference perceptually between contemplating one's surroundings and experiencing a work of art?
Three weeks to a year
Place of geometry
Voice Studies brings together leading international scholars and practitioners, to re-examine what voice is, what voice does, and what we mean by "voice studies" in the process and experience of performance. This dynamic and interdisciplinary publication draws on a broad range of approaches, from composing and voice teaching through to psychoanalysis and philosophy, including: voice training from the Alexander Technique to practice-as-research; operatic and extended voices in early baroque and contemporary underwater singing; voices across cultures, from site-specific choral performance in Kentish mines and Australian sound art, to the laments of Kraho Indians, Korean pansori and Javanese wayang; voice, embodiment and gender in Robertson's 1798 production of Phantasmagoria, Cathy Berberian radio show, and Romeo Castellucci's theatre; perceiving voice as a composer, listener, or as eavesdropper; voice, technology and mobile apps. With contributions spanning six continents, the volume considers the processes of teaching or writing for voice, the performance of voice in theatre, live art, music, and on recordings, and the experience of voice in acoustic perception and research. It concludes with a multifaceted series of short provocations that simply revisit the core question of the whole volume: what is voice studies?
3HO in the light of experience : a study of experiences in the healthy, happy and holy organization (3HO)
Beyond immersive theatre : aesthetics, politics and productive participation
Experiential marketing : how to get customers to sense, feel, think, act and relate to your company and brands
The place of dance : a somatic guide to dancing and dance making
Experiental education of mathematics : art and games for digital natives
In recent years, the practice of contemporary dancers has altered significantly in the transition from canonical choreographic vocabularies to a proliferation of choreographic signatures within mainstream and independent dance. Dancers are often required to collaborate creatively on the formation of choreographic material, thus engaging conceptually with emerging cultural paradigms. This book explores the co-creative practice of contemporary dancers solely from the point of view of the dancer. It reveals multiple dancing perspectives, drawn from interviews, current writing and evocative accounts from inside the choreographic process, illuminating the myriad ways that dancers contribute to the production of contemporary dance culture. A key insight of the book is that a dancer's signature way of being is a 'moving identity', which incorporates past dance experience, anatomical structures and conditioned human movement as a self-in-process. The moving identity is the movement signature that the dancer forms throughout a career path.
Sport and Tourism: Globalization, Mobility and Identity marks a new era in sport tourism texts. Written by global experts whose previous collaborations have been integral to the development of the field, the book applies key social science concepts and issues relevant to the academic study of sport and tourism. This is a ground-breaking text, which: Critically explores the wider manifestations of sport-related tourism and mobility, Addresses key themes such as globalization, mobility and identity, Explores the unique interrelationship that exists in a sport tourism context between activity, people and place, Includes case studies written by a range of leading scholars from around the world.Set to be the an essential text for any student or academic in the field, Sport and Tourism: Globalization, mobility and identity cements and advances previous studies by building upon existing literature, while extending the field by exploring avenues of study that are yet to be comprehensively addressed. The latest collaboration by internationally renowned authors applies new theoretical perspectives for the advancement of sport tourism.
The spatial aural exciter
The senses and the English Reformation
"Museums are among the iconic buildings of the twenty-first century, as remarkable for their architectural diversity as for the variety of collections they display. But how does the architecture of museums affect our experience as visitors? This book proposes that by seeing space as common ground between architecture and museology, and so between the museum building and its display, we can illuminate the individuality of each museum and the distinctive experience it offers--for example, how some museums create a sense of personal exploration, while others are more intensely didactic, and how the visit in some cases is transformed into a spatial experience and in other cases into a more social event. The book starts with an overview of the history of museum buildings and display strategies, and a discussion of theoretical and critical approaches. It then focuses on specific museums as in-depth case studies, and uses methods of spatial analysis to look at the key design choices available to architects and curators, and their effects on visitors' behaviour. Theoretically grounded, methodologically original, and richly illustrated, this book will equip students, researchers and professionals in the fields of architecture, museum studies, curating, exhibition design, and cultural studies, with a guide for studying museums and a theoretical framework for their interpretation"--Provided by publisher.
This fascinating study brings together research and theory from a wide range of fields to provide a new framework for understanding the phenomenology of music listening in a way that will appeal to both specialist academic audiences and a broad general readership.
This qualitative pedagogical research examines the nature and the ethics of embodied pedagogies of acting and considers their use in the continuum from youth theatre education to professional actor training. By 'embodied pedagogy of acting' the author refers to an approach to acting and training acting that emphasises the centrality of the actor's sentient body in the theatrical event, the notion of a human being as a comprehensive body-mind entity, and the diversity and complexity of subjective experience. Knowledge presented in this research has emerged through practice, interviews and inquiries, discussions and shared experiences of training with both upper secondary school students, student actors in higher education, and professional actors. In the light of this thesis there are reasons to seek for alternatives to conventional paradigms of acting in youth theatre education. Embodied pedagogies of acting provide such an alternative. This thesis also stresses the importance of delineating workable and applicable terminology for training acting, both in youth theatre education and professional actor training. The traditions of psychophysical actor training provide a basis for the development of embodied pedagogies of acting but there are however aspects in psychophysical training that must be critically and comprehensively considered. The thesis also argues that experiences in the youth theatres and in youth theatre education are important for personal growth. The aim of the commentary at hand is not to address youth theatre education in a wider sense besides the methods of acting used in youth theatre education. A wider scope to youth theatre education is provided in the original publications of this thesis.
The illuminated theatre : studies on the suffering of images
Worldly and unworldly flavors : toward the essence of writing
Remixing experience : research into remixing experiences through design
Pictures & tears : a history of people who have cried in front of paintings
In what ways does listening to music shape everyday perception? Is music particularly effective in promoting shifts in consciousness? Is there any difference perceptually between contemplating one's surroundings and experiencing a work of art? "Everyday Music Listening" is the first book to focus in-depth on the detailed nature of music listening episodes as lived mental experiences. Ruth Herbert uses new empirical data to explore the psychological processes involved in everyday music listening scenarios, charting interactions between music, perceiver and environment in a diverse range of real-world contexts. Findings are integrated with insights from a broad range of literature, including consciousness studies and research into altered states of consciousness, as well as ideas from ethnology and evolutionary psychology suggesting that a psychobiological capacity for trancing is linked to the origins of making and receiving of art. The term 'trance' is not generally associated with music listening outside ethnomusicological studies of strong experiences; yet 'hypnotic-like' involvements in daily life have long been recognized by hypnotherapy researchers. The author argues that multiply distributed attention - prevalent in much contemporary listening-does not necessarily indicate superficial engagement. Music emerges as a particularly effective mediator of experience. Absorption and dissociation, as manifestations of trancing, are self-regulatory processes, often operating at the level of unconscious awareness, that support an individual perception of psychological health. This fascinating study brings together research and theory from a wide range of fields to provide a new framework for understanding the phenomenology of music listening in a way that will appeal to both specialist academic audiences and a broad general readership.
Aesthetic engagement in museum exhibitions
Haunted narratives : life writing in an age of trauma
This title explores the rich and complicated landscape of intercultural contact between Indians and Britons on British soil at the height of empire, as reflected in a range of literary writing, including poetry and travel writing. The book's four decade-based case studies, leading from 1870 and the opening of the Suez Canal to the first years of the Great War, investigate from several different textual and cultural angles the central place of India in the British metropolitan imagination at this relatively early stage for Indian migration and intercultural exchange.
This book examines the use of Internet platforms as theatrical, rehearsal and performance spaces and explores the interactive and political potentials of online theatre, questioning the boundaries of these in-between spaces and the spatial experiences they engender. In particular, this book looks at forms of cyber-adaptation, cyber-ethnotheatre and cyber-collaboration as directing methodologies for producing dialectical forms of political cyberformances (in Brechtian terms), with reference respectively to the productions of Cyberian Chalk Circle (2011), Merry Crisis and a Happy New Fear (2012) and Etheatre Project and Collaborators (2014). Writing from a practice-based perspective, Papagiannouli offers a historical account of online theatre and a detailed analysis of a range of online works, including productions by the National Theatre Wales, NTLive, Dries Verhoeven, Forced Entertainment and Rimini Protokoll.
Feminist experiences : Foucauldian and phenomenological investigations
Performance has become a paradigm for analyzing contemporary culture, a pattern that structures a particular view of human interaction and experience. Performance is also widely used to better understand how we express values and ideas, including religious beliefs. Reckoning with Spirit in the Paradigm of Performance asks how the sensibilities of religious experience, which many people call spirituality, shape people's performance. When we observe people performing words, dances, music, and rituals they consider sacred, what (if any) conclusions can we draw about their experiences from what we see, read, and hear? By analyzing performances of spirituality and what people experience as "spirit," this book adds a new dimension to the paradigm of performance. Rather than reducing the spiritual dimension to either biology or culture, Donnalee Dox asks what such experiences might have to offer a reasoned analysis of vernacular culture. The specific performances presented are meditative dance and shamanic drumming, including descriptions of these practices and exegesis of practitioners' writings on the nature of spiritual experience and performance.
Indian arrivals 1870-1915 : networks of British empire
Information experience : approaches to theory and practice
Forests, trees and human health
How simulated experiences - from living history to emergency preparedness drills - create meaning in performance.
The articles in this volume have grown out of a research project on the dancer and the creative process, gathering both professional dancers and theoreticians. A number of issues are explored: How does the dancer work in the process where the dance takes shape? How does the understanding of a movement material shift through the performing of it? What is it to experience a movement from the perspective of the spectator? Through what concepts are we to think the dancer's practice and corporeality? Essays by Cecilia Roos, Anna Petronella Foultier, Chrysa Parkinson, Katarina Elam, Cecilia Sjöholm and Irene Hultman.
Generating theatre meaning : a theory and methodology of performance analysis
Sport and tourism : globalization, mobility and identity
Who are you?
Experiential marketing : a practical guide to interactive brand experiences
Varieties of presence
Museum space : where architecture meets museology
The DNA of customer experience : how emotions drive value
The contributors to Negotiated Moments explore how subjectivity is formed and expressed through musical improvisation, tracing the ways the transmission and reception of sound occur within and between bodies in real and virtual time and across memory, history, and space. They place the gendered, sexed, raced, classed, disabled, and technologized body at the center of critical improvisation studies and move beyond the field's tendency toward celebrating improvisation's utopian and democratic ideals by highlighting the improvisation of marginalized subjects. Rejecting a singular theory of improvisational agency, the contributors show how improvisation helps people gain hard-won and highly contingent agency. Essays include analyses of the role of the body and technology in performance, improvisation's ability to disrupt power relations, Pauline Oliveros's ideas about listening, flautist Nicole Mitchell's compositions based on Octavia Butler's science fiction, and an interview with Judith Butler about the relationship between her work and improvisation. The contributors' close attention to improvisation provides a touchstone for examining subjectivities and offers ways to hear the full spectrum of ideas that sound out from and resonate within and across bodies.
Revolutionize your customer experience
Aesth/ethics in environmental change : hiking through the arts, ecology, religion and ethics of the environment
Voices from the asylum : four French women writers, 1850-1920
Window room
Cognitive-experiental theory : an integrative theory of personality
The musical experience : rethinking music teaching and learning
Creating experiences in the experience economy
Feminist Experiences develops and defends a distinctive understanding of feminist philosophy as social critique. Feminist philosophy is essentially a political endeavor, Johanna Oksala argues, aiming to expose, analyze, and ultimately change gendered power relations. However, such an understanding of feminist philosophy raises a host of theoretical problems and paradoxes. Oksala investigates the philosophical challenges and outlines the ontological presuppositions and methodological innovations the project requires. Drawing on conceptual tools from the thought of Michel Foucault, but also from the tradition of phenomenology, she explores the role of experience in feminist philosophy and its relationship to language and linguistic meaning. Oksala concludes by sketching a feminist ontology of the present through a critical investigation of neoliberalism and the challenges it presents to feminist theory and politics.
Multiplicity, embodiment and the contemporary dancer : moving identities
The term 'trance' is not generally associated with music listening outside ethnomusicological studies of strong experiences, yet 'hypnotic-like' involvements in daily life have long been recognized by hypnotherapy researchers. The author argues that multiply distributed attention - prevalent in much contemporary listening- does not necessarily indicate superficial engagement. Music emerges as a particularly effective mediator of experience. Absorption and dissociation, as manifestations of trancing, are self-regulatory processes, often operating at the level of unconscious awareness, that support individuals' perceptions of psychological health.
Social and political theatre in 21st-century Britain : staging crisis
Emotions and consumption behaviour
The Psychology of Music in Multimedia presents a wide range of scientific research on the psychological processes involved in the integration of sound and image when engaging with film, television, video, interactive games, and computer interfaces.
Everyday aesthetics
Dearest memories : supporting early parenthood with new media
The theater experience
A colorful world under the nose : designing for olfactory brand experience
Guidelines for producing a live brand experience
Material of movement and thought : refelctions on the dancers's practice and corporeality
Creating critical gameplay : designing affective player experiences
Developing embodied pedagogies of acting for youth theatre education : psychophysical actor training as a source for new openings
Simming : participatory performance and the making of meaning
Inner experience and neuroscience : merging both perspectives
Aesthetics and the embodied mind: beyond art theory and the Cartesian mind-body dichotomy
Making sense of senses : interview with Dorothy Noyes
The open space : theatre as opportunity for living
Coming to terms with reality
Slow tourism : experiences and mobilities
Everyday music listening is the first book to focus in depth on the detailed nature of music listening episodes as lived mental experiences. Ruth Herbert uses new empirical data to explore the psychological processes involved in everyday music listening scenarios, charting interactions between music, perceiver and environment in a diverse range of real-world contexts. Findings are integrated with insights from a broad range of literature, including consciousness studies and research into altered states of consciousness, as well as ideas from ethology and evolutionary psychology, suggesting that a psychobiological capacity for trancing is linked to the origins of making and receiving of art.
Performance in the Twenty-First Century: Theatres of Engagement addresses the reshaping of theatre and performance after postmodernism. Andy Lavender argues provocatively that after the "classic" postmodern tropes of detachment, irony, and contingency, performance in the twenty-first century engages more overtly with meaning, politics and society. It involves a newly pronounced form of personal experience, often implicating the body and/or one's sense of self. This volume examines a range of performance events, including work by both emergent and internationally significant companies and artists such as Rimini Protokoll, Blast Theory, dreamthinkspeak, Zecora Ura, Punchdrunk, Ontroerend Goed, Kris Verdonck, Dries Verhoeven, Rabih Mroue, Derren Brown and David Blaine. It also considers a wider range of cultural phenomena such as online social networking, sports events, installations, games-based work and theme parks, where principles of performance are in play. Performance in the Twenty-First Century is a compelling and provocative resource for anybody interested in discovering how performance theory can be applied to cutting-edge culture, and indeed the world around them.
Performing mixed reality
The German word for experience - Erlebnis - the experience of the life, to live through something...underpins this book: making visible scholarly opportunities for richer and deeper contextualizations and examinations of the lived-world experiences of people in everyday contexts as they be, do and become.'(Ross Todd, Preface) Information experience is a burgeoning area of research and still unfolding as an explicit research and practice theme. This book is therefore very timely as it distils the reflections of researchers and practitioners from various disciplines, with interests ranging across information, knowledge, user experience, design and education. They cast a fresh analytical eye on information experience, whilst approaching the idea from diverse perspectives. Information Experience brings together current thinking about the idea of information experience to help form discourse around it and establish a conceptual foundation for taking the idea forward. It therefore, 'provides a number of theoretical lenses for examining people's information worlds in more holistic and dynamic ways.' (Ross Todd, Preface).
Political cyberformance : the Etheatre Project
Thought in the act : passages in the ecology of experience
The psychology of music in multimedia
Service design and delivery
Dance spaces : practices of movement
