http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2088 witches
witches
In 1814 London, Gretchen must put aside annoyance at the constant buzzing caused by being a Whisperer, concern about her twin brother, her growing feelings for a member of the Order of Iron Nail, and the boredom of being a debutante when a new menace threatens Mayfair.
The forgotten beasts of Eld
Death sworn
Winnie's haunted house
The pesky pirate prank!
Otherworld nights
Reap the wind
Otherworld chills
The Virago book of witches
The Big Book of Madness
Something is brewing in the town of Whitby. To best friends Lil and Verne, it just seems like a particularly bad storm. But Cherry Cerise, the last of the Whitby witches, fears that ancient forces are at work, reviving the curse of a long lost magical artifact. The legend goes that the Nimius was created by magician Melchior Pyke, with the assistance of a young witch known as Scaur Annie. But they were both betrayed by Pyke's villainous manservant, Mister Dark, causing a feud that has survived even beyond death. As Mister Dark, with his horrific winged familiar, arises to mastermind Whitby's very own apocalypse and take the Nimius for his own evil purposes, can Lil and Verne join with Cherry to quell his plans and save their home?
Otherworld secrets
Meredith, the witch who wasn't
Titchy Witch and the wobbly fang
Born wicked
Brightly woven
The key
Songs of the earth
"Teenage witch Nadia must defeat the evil sorceress Elizabeth before Elizabeth gathers enough power to summon the One Beneath and destroy everything Nadia has worked to protect"--
Witches
The widows of Eastwick
George's marvellous medicine
Rich witch, poor witch
The witches : Salem, 1692 : a history
The flight of dragons
When Winnie and Wilbur write their letters to Santa they never imagine that they are actually going to meet him on Christmas Eve! After the crisis of Santa getting stuck in their chimney, Winnie and Wilbur join him on his sleigh in a desperate race against time to make sure children everywhere wake up to stockings filled with presents on Christmas morning.
The power of dark
The tragic story of witchcraft in America, from the infamous Salem witch trials to the present day - now told in full for the first time.
The quest for the time bird
The sixth watch
The kiss
Windwitch : the Witchland series : book two
Not just a witch
The robe of skulls
Sisters' fate
Titchy witch and the wobbly fang
The lost
Cate Cahill goes into an asylum in order to meet her godmother and another oracle as she continues to try to learn about the prophecy and protect her sisters from the oppressive Brotherhood in an alternate New England of 1900.
The witch's kiss
Wicked : the life and times of the wicked witch of the West
Freya Snufflenose's lost laugh
The spriggan mirror
Thoron : the living storm
Saurex : the silent creeper
Tales of the Otherworld
Potion commotion
Titchy Witch and the get-better spell
Darkstalkers / Red earth : Maleficarum
Which witch?
Haunted : the riveting sequel to Dreaming Anastasia
Enchanted
The Kingfisher treasury of witch and wizard stories
The glorious granny bake off!
The worst witch
The night of wishes, or, The Satanarchaeolidealcohellish notion potion
Finnish folklore atlas
"Life for Jack is great -- he's got a magical talking hen called Betsy, he lives in a town where stories literally grow on trees, and all his best friends live there with him. That is, until new kid in town, Anansi, arrives... When Jack sees Anansi having a secret meeting with a troll -- everything changes. Trolls mean trouble and Jack will stop at nothing to prove Tale Town is in danger. Even if that means using stolen magic!"--Publisher description.
Wicked business : a Lizzy and Diesel novel
In the final installment of the Otherworld anthology series, Armstrong brings the clever wit, dark twists and intense suspense her readers have come to expect.
"FIRST IN A NEW TRILOGY   From Charlaine Harris, the bestselling author who created Sookie Stackhouse and her world of Bon Temps, Louisiana, comes a darker locale-populated by more strangers than friends. But then, that's how the locals prefer it.  Welcome to Midnight, Texas, a town with many boarded-up windows and few full-time inhabitants, located at the crossing of Witch Light Road and Davy Road. It's a pretty standard dried-up western town.  There's a pawnshop (someone lives in the basement and is seen only at night). There's a diner (people who are just passing through tend not to linger). And there's new resident Manfred Bernardo, who thinks he's found the perfect place to work in private (and who has secrets of his own).  Stop at the one traffic light in town, and everything looks normal. Stay awhile, and learn the truth... "--
Harrow County. [volume 3] : Snake doctor
The spell thief
Box of tricks
Upside down : A vampire tale
The iron wolves
A breath of frost
The witches of New York
You'd think that being chief seer for the supernatural world would come with a few perks. But as Cassie Palmer has learned, being Pythia doesn't mean you don't have to do things the hard way. That's why she finds herself on a rescue mission skipping through time - even though she doesn't entirely understand her dimension-bending new power. Rescuing her friend John Pritkin should have been an in-and-out kind of deal, but with the near-immortal mage's soul lost in time, Cassie has to hunt for it through the ages - with Pritkin's demon dad in tow. He's the only one who can reverse Pritkin's curse, but with the guardians of the timeline dead set on stopping anyone from mucking about, Cassie will have to figure out how to get her friend back without ruffling too many feathers - or causing a world-ending paradox or two...
Wilma's wicked revenge
Witchmyth
Gobbolino, the witch's cat
In an alternate New England of 1900, where the Brotherhood dominates and controls society, sixteen-year-old Cate Cahill has struggled since her mother's death to keep secret that she and her younger sisters are witches, but when a governess arrives from the Sisterhood, everything changes.
Crimson Shell
The wizard's promise
Witch & wizard : The fire
Broomstick baby
The hawkweed prophecy
Whisper the dead
Fridays with the wizards
Little Wizard
"Nadia must stop the evil sorceress Elizabeth before she lures the One Beneath to Captive's Sound, destroying the town and everyone Nadia holds dear at the same time"--
Morrigan's cross
Trial by fire
Witch : the wild ride from wicked to Wicca
Scary Godmother : comic book stories
Son of a witch : a novel
The winter witch
PICTURE BOOKS. Winnie shares her big black house with Wilbur her big black cat. So sometimes she accidentally trips over him. Ouch! After some spells that make Wilbur look very silly, Winnie finds just the right magic to make sure she can always see him. It's a colourful Winnie and Wilbur adventure! Korky Paul's intricate artwork is full of madcap humour and crazy details to pore over. The spellbinding new look of this bestselling series celebrates the wonderful relationship that exists between Winnie the Witch and her big black cat, Wilbur. Since Winnie and Wilbur first appeared in 1987 they have been delighting children and adults in homes and schools all over the world and more than 7 million books have been sold. Ages 0+
Laya the witch of Red Pooh. volume 2
The Spook’s Stories / witches
The witch in history : early modern and twentieth-century representations
The circle
Harry Potter and the goblet of fire
The Skinless Boy seeks to understand the mysteries of his past, and Emmy investigates a decaying old domicile. Meanwhile, a malevolent serpent is sowing madness and malice in the minds of The Holler's residents, and only Bernice stands in the way of this new evil--but could enlisting the aid of the shadowy Lovely Belfont place her in a much more terrible danger? -- Provided by publisher.
Little Witch goes to school
Captivated
A deed without a name : the witch in society and history
The hunter and the hunted
Halloween havoc
The witch in the broom cupboard and other tales
Spook's : the dark army
Haansil iyo Geratal = Hansel and Gretel
A final installment in a series that includes Twilight Watch finds Night Watch agent Anton conducting a murder investigation that takes him from Edinburgh and Uzbekistan to Moscow, where he discovers that the threat posed by the Others is more complex than originally realized.
Gobbolino the witch's cat
Winnie the witch
A lion among men
Spook's. Slither's tale
Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince
Bella Broomstick : school spells
The great troll rescue
City of bones
A handbook on witches
Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix
The amber spyglass
Black Maria
Winnie and Wilbur meet Santa
For years, the local Spook kept the county safe from evil. But now his time has ended, and there is only one boy who can take over - Thomas Ward, barely more than a child himself. Now he too must take on an apprentice, a girl called Jenny who is untested but willing to be trained in the dangerous life of a Spook.
Hansel and Gretel
The book of life
Good omens : the nice and accurate prophecies of Agnes Nutter, witch
The witches
Gryph : the feathered fiend
Witches do not like bicycles
The Windwitch Prince Merik is presumed dead, following a lethal explosion. He's left scarred but alive and determined to expose his sister's treachery. Yet on reaching the royal capital, he's shocked to find it crowded with refugees fleeing conflict. Merik haunts the streets, fighting for the weak. This leads to whispers of a disfigured demigod, the Fury, who brings justice to the oppressed. Hunted by the Cleaved, Iseult is struggling to stay free while she searches for her friend Safi. When the Bloodwitch Aeduan corners Iseult first, she offers him a deal: she'll return what was stolen from him, if he locates the Truthwitch. Yet unknown to Iseult, there's a bounty on her head - and Aeduan intends to claim it. After a surprise attack and shipwreck, Safi and the Empress of Marstok barely escape with their lives. They find themselves amongst pirates, where a misstep could mean death. And the bandits' next move could unleash war upon the Witchlands.
Harry Potter and the philosopher's stone
The crucible
Wizards and Witches
In a small South Carolina town, where it seems little has changed since the Civil War, sixteen-year-old Ethan is powerfully drawn to Lena, a new classmate with whom he shares a psychic connection and whose family hides a dark secret that may be revealed on her sixteenth birthday.
Bella will have young readers bewitched from the very first page! Bella Broomstick is a hopeless witch. So hopeless that nasty Aunt Hemlock sent her to live in Person World with the warning that she must never do magic again. A warning that Bella finds hard to obey. It's Halloween and Bella can't wait to carve a pumpkin and go trick-or-treating with her friends. But Halloween is also a time when real witches can enter the Person World. Merrymeet Village better look out. The coven is coming! Watch out for lots of comic spells and broomstick thrills as Bella saves the day!
Sir Lance-a-little and the very Wicked Witch
Wicked deeds on a winter's night
Poppy Hooper has managed to deceive her father into believing that there is nothing mysterious or unnatural about her. He ignores the cats that find her wherever she goes, the spiders that weave beautiful lacy patterns for her, even her eyes - one blue, one green with an extra black dot orbiting the pupil. Ember Hawkweed is a pitiful excuse for a witch. When the other girls in her coven brew vile potions, Ember makes soap and perfume. Fair and pretty, Ember is more like a chaff than a witch. One of the Hawkweeds will be queen of the witches - but everyone knows it won't be Ember. When the two girls meet, Poppy discovers her powers, and finds out the truth. Bound by their unlikely friendship and the boy they both love, the girls try and find their place in the world. But the time of the prophecy draws nearer - and the witches won't give up the throne without a fight.
Chilling Adventures Of Sabrina
"In the final book in the Cahill Witch Chronicles, the Sisters' and the Brotherhood near all-out war as an epidemic breaks out in New London, and the prophecy that one sister will murder another comes ever closer to fruition"--
Half wild
Room on the broom
The Plague Charmer
The witch with a twitch
Meg and the dragon
Witch & wizard : The gift
The history of Lapland and the case of the Sami noaidi drum figures reversed
Taltos : lives of the Mayfair witches
Roald Dahl's the witches : plays for children
The scent of magic
Titchy Witch and the babysitting spell
Laya the witch of Red Pooh. volume 1
The doomspell
The Witch's handbook
Okko : the sand monster
Titchy witch and the bully boggarts
The false princess
"There is no such thing as bad publicity, except in Midnight, Texas, where the residents like to keep to themselves. Even in a town full of secretive people, Olivia Charity is an enigma. She lives with the vampire Lemuel, but no one knows what she does; they only know that she's beautiful and dangerous. Psychic Manfred Bernardo finds out just how dangerous when he goes on a working weekend to Dallas and sees Olivia there with a couple who are both found dead the next day. To make matters worse, one of Manfred's regular and very wealthy clients dies during a reading. Manfred returns from Dallas embroiled in scandal and hounded by the press. He turns to Olivia for help; somehow he knows that the mysterious Olivia can get things back to normal. As normal as things get in Midnight"--
The shepherd's crown
Harry Potter and the chamber of secrets
Baltimore. Volume 5 : The apostle and the witch or Harju
Blackwood : a hexed story
Karixa : the diamond warrior
Charmed
The subtle knife
1361. Porlock Weir, Exmoor. Thirteen years after the Great Pestilence, plague strikes England for the second time. Sara, a packhorse man's wife, remembers the horror all too well and fears for safety of her children. Only a dark-haired stranger offers help, but at a price that no one will pay... A human life.
Steadfast : a Spellcaster novel
Mabel and Max
The enterprise of death
Sorceress : a Spellcaster novel
Titchy Witch and the frog fiasco
Menolly, an acrobat-turned-vampire and operative for the Otherworld Intelligence Agency, must finally confront her sire, Dredge, who, in partnership with the demon Shadow Wing, is turning humans into newborn vampires.
America bewitched : the story of witchcraft after Salem
"Pulitzer Prize winner Stacy Schiff, author of the #1 bestseller Cleopatra, provides an electrifying, fresh view of the Salem witch trials... Along with suffrage and Prohibition, the Salem witch trials represent one of the few moments when women played the central role in American history. Drawing masterfully on the archives, Stacy Schiff introduces us to the strains on a Puritan adolescent's life and to the authorities whose delicate agendas were at risk. She illuminates the demands of a rigorous faith, the vulnerability of settlements adrift from the mother country, perched -- at a politically tumultuous time -- on the edge of what a visitor termed a 'remote, rocky, barren, bushy, wild-woody wilderness.' With devastating clarity, the textures and tensions of a colonial life emerge; hidden patterns subtly, startlingly detach themselves from the darkness. Schiff brings early American anxieties to the fore to align them brilliantly with our own. In an era of religious provocations, crowdsourcing, and invisible enemies, this enthralling story makes more sense than ever. The Witches is Schiff's riveting account of a seminal episode, a primal American mystery unveiled -- in crackling detail and lyrical prose -- by one of our most acclaimed historians"
Whoever is born here, is doomed to stay 'til death. Whoever settles, never leaves.  Welcome to Black Spring, the seemingly picturesque Hudson Valley town haunted by the Black Rock Witch, a 17th century woman whose eyes and mouth are sewn shut. Muzzled, she walks the streets and enters your homes at will. She stands next to your bed for nights on end. Everybody knows that her eyes may never be opened.  The elders of Black Spring have virtually quarantined the town by using high-tech surveillance to prevent their curse from spreading. Frustrated with being kept in lockdown, the town's teenagers decide to break their strict regulations and go viral with the haunting, but in so doing send the town spiraling into the dark, medieval practices of the past.
Midnight crossroad
Star cursed
Hex appeal
The witch's daughter
