http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20830 ownership (societal properties)
ownership (societal properties)
Possession and ownership : a cross-linguistic typology
The accumulation of financial and social capital as a means to achieve a sustained competitive advantage for consumer co-operatives
Provenance : an alternate history of art
Family forest owners' opinions about forest management in northern Finland
Social relations : property and power
Mastery and slavery : triangulatory views on owner-managers' managerial work
Achievement motivation among habitual entrepreneurs in urban and rural areas
The ethics of investing : making money or making a difference?
Tanzania Telecommunication Company Limited as a Mobile Service Provider
Whose ETSIP? : national and local ownership of Namibia's education and training sector improvement programme
SWOT analyses of infrastructure networks’ ownership and governance models
Hotels and resorts : an investors' guide
Convergent journalism : an introduction
Identification of forged ear-marks in reindeer
Psychological ownership and the organizational context : theory, research evidence, and application
Imposing values : an essay on liberalism and regulation
Constructing Early Modern empires : proprietary ventures in the Atlantic world, 1500-1750
Democracy distorted : wealth, influence and democratic politics
Family ́s Collective Motivation to Business Ownership : A Review of Alternative Theoretical Approaches
Hopes and fears of marriage : violence, ownership and power in early eighteenth-century Sweden
How does ownership affect firm value?
Art as plunder : the ancient origins of debate about cultural property
The agile culture : leading through trust and ownership
Technical networks' ownership, governance and procurement [Elektroninen aineisto]
On the importance of information asymmetry : essays on local bias and managerial myopia
Tourism business entrepreneurs : a guide for developing your business
Female entrepreneurs in nineteenth-century Russia
Essays on corporate governance and the quality of disclosed earnings : across transitional Europe
Fulfilling the own store vision : perspectives on leadership in the S Group
Media ownership : research and regulation
People-centred business : co-operatives, mutuals and the idea of membership
Owning culture : authorship, ownership, and intellectual property law
The determinants of CEO compensation in Finnish firms : the impact of family ownership and representation
Large chinese state-owned enterprises : corporatization and strategic development
Media concentration and democracy : why ownership matters
Land and freedom : law, property rights and the British diaspora
Family ownership : a source of sustainable success in listed companies
Technical networks' ownership, governance and procurement
Ownership structure and stock performance during financial crisis : evidence from Finnish stock market
Ownership structure and its impact on corporate risk taking
Psychological ownership and entrepreneurial drive : at the Jyväskylä City Catering Unit
Family business as a platform for growth venturing : the family influence on growth-venturing goal-setting(s)
The world has been changing, and entrepreneurship has been studied and researched by many theorists, researchers and authors and yet it has been concluded that there are many definitions of entrepreneurship, but no universally accepted one. The role of entrepreneurship plays an important part in our economy today. Many business entrepreneurs from the past have developed their businesses and even new industries have emerged. This thesis describes entrepreneurship and the basic concepts and forms of tourism mostly run by many tourism business entrepreneurs. Tourism industry is a very wide range of products, and the demand is increasing. It is beneficial to understand the role of entrepreneurs and how their businesses can be developed by determining the strategies for success in developing business of entrepreneurs. In the Tampere Region, the Hiking Travel HIT LP is an example of developing tourism business entrepreneurship. The enterprise has been successful in its business for almost two decades now, offering different types of events, nature and rural tourism and outdoor sports activities. The enterprise provides professional training and courses in paddling and kayaking for summer sports and Nordic ice skating, cross-country skiing, downhill skiing, telemark skiing and snowshoeing for winter sports. In addition, Hiking Travel HIT LP manufactures canoes, kayaks, and outdoor sports equipment. The main objective of this thesis was to provide recommendations for Hiking Travel HIT LP that may apply in the development process of the enterprise. The results of the study proved that understanding the literally defined meaning of entrepreneurship is not enough; there is a need to look at the key ideas, theories and their influences. And the word 'tourism' makes it more complicated since it has a wide range of meanings as well. The interview of Hiking Travel HIT LP owner helped the writer of the thesis to create a constructive description of tourism business entrepreneurs.
"Human possession psychology originates from deeply rooted experiential capacities shared with other animals. However, unlike other animals, we are a uniquely self-conscious species concerned with reputation, and possessions affect our perception of how we exist in the eyes of others. This book discusses the psychology surrounding the ways in which humans experience possession, claim ownership, and share from both a developmental and cross-cultural perspective. Philippe Rochat explores the origins of human possession and its symbolic development across cultures. He proposes that human possession psychology is particularly revealing of human nature, and also the source of our elusive moral sense"--
Corporate governance in European banks : essays on bank ownership
Culture and business in Asia
The organization of society formed a crucial element in the remarkable development of the countryside in the North Sea area in the last 1500 years. Vital questions are: who owned the land? Who gained the profits from its exploitation? How was the use of rural resources controlled and changed? These questions have no simple answers, because the land has been subjected to competing claims, varying from region to region. In early times peasants mostly possessed and worked their holdings, but lords took much of the produce, and had the ultimate control over the land. In more recent times the occupiers and cultivators gained stronger rights over their farms. Neither lords nor peasants were free agents because communities governed the use of common lands. In the highly urbanized North Sea region towns and townspeople had considerable and increasing influence over the countryside. Change came from within society, for example from the tension and negotiation between lords and peasants, and the growing importance of the state and its policies. This volume also looks at the interaction between society and external changes, such as the rise and fall of the market, trends in population, and European integration.
Corporate Governance : mechanisms and systems
Thinking about property : from Antiquity to the Age of Revolution
Understanding family shareholders in family firms : an exploration of the role of family dynamics in the development of family shareholders' behaviours
SWOT analyses of infrastructure  networks’ ownership and governance  models
The ownership quotient : putting the service profit chain to work for unbeatable competitive advantage
The mental succession - change in the move : interplay between founder, successor and staff representative in three family companies
Datenherrschaft : an ethically justified solution to the problem of ownership of patient information
Strategy logic of the venture capitalist : understanding venture capitalism - the businesses within - by exploring linkages between ownership and strategy of venture capital companies, over time, in America and Europe
Ownership in family business : a trans-generational perspective
Essays on ownership and control : shareholder wealth effects in takecovers and the measurement of ownership concentration
P/E effect and managerial ownership : how managerial ownership affects stock returns with different price-to-earnings ratios
This book explores ancient 'foundational' texts relating to property and their reception by later thinkers in their various contexts up to the early nineteenth century. The texts include Plato's vision of an ideal polity in the Republic, Jesus' teachings on renunciation and poverty, and Golden Age narratives and other evolutionary accounts of the transition of mankind from primeval communality to regimes of ownership. The issue of the legitimacy of private ownership exercises the minds of the major political thinkers as well as theologians and jurists throughout the ages. The book gives full consideration to the historical development of Rights Theory, with special reference to the right to property. It ends with a comparative study of the Declarations of Rights in the American and French Revolutions and seeks to explain, with reference to contemporary documents, why the French recognised an inalienable, human right to property whereas the Americans did not.
Considerations on entry mode into the Chinese market : joint venture versus wholly owned subsidiary
Samenvatting (summary)
Media ownership and agenda control : the hidden limits of the information age
An Introduction to property theory
Historical perspectives on corporate governance : reflections on ownership, participation and different modes of organizing
Property rights and their violations : expropriations and confiscations, 16th-20th centuries = La propriété violée : expropriations et confiscations, XVIE-XXE siècles
The economic relations between Asia and Europe : organisations, trade and investment
The implications of ownership experienced by three types of owners
The ownership of enterprise
Understanding change management through the psychological ownership framework : examination of antecedents of successful change
Contextuality in SME ownership : studies on owner-managers' ownership behavior
A Family Dimension in SME Owner-Managers  Ownership Profiles   A Psychological Ownership Perspective
Governing innovation and expression : new regimes, strategies and techniques
"Customownership" - the S group's energy resource
Distinct inheritances : property, family and community in a changing Europe
Controlling owner identity and risk taking of large Finnish companies
Underpricing : effects on ownership structure and liquidity
Ownership and value creation : strategic corporate governance in the new economy
"It is a privilege, though a somewhat daunting one, to introduce the reader to this striking book. For though the subject of possession is an ancient one, it is a forever daunting and controversial one. For though "possessing" something is a crucial feature of what we call ownership"--
Start up & run your own business : the essential guide to planning, funding and growing your new enterprise
An introduction to corporate governance : mechanisms and systems
Four essays on corporate finance of Chinese listed firms
"This book surveys the leading modern theories of property - Lockean, libertarian, utilitarian/law-and-economics, personhood, Kantian and human flourishing - and then applies those theories to concrete contexts in which property issues have been especially controversial. These include redistribution, the right to exclude, regulatory takings, eminent domain and intellectual property. The book highlights the Aristotelian human flourishing theory of property, providing the most comprehensive and accessible introduction to that theory to date. The book's goal is neither to cover every conceivable theory nor to discuss every possible facet of the theories covered. Instead, it aims to make the major property theories comprehensible to beginners, without sacrificing accuracy or sophistication. The book will be of particular interest to students seeking an accessible introduction to contemporary theories of property, but even specialists will benefit from the book's lucid descriptions of contemporary debates"--
What you really need to lead : the power of thinking and acting like an owner
Promoting the availability of secure telecommunications networks
Origins of possession : owning and sharing in development
Designing public transportation for private car users
Reporting of state-owned enterprises for parliamentary supervision
Studies on corporate social responsibility in the Finnish small business context
The rationale of taking social responsibility : social embeddedness of business owners in Uganda
'Mine' or 'ours'? : perspectives on psychological ownership in family firms
An idea-fueled book that explores the rise of new economic models based on shared resources and collective consumption--and the first articulation of a major socioeconomic phenomenon.
The impact of concentrated ownership on firm value and performance : a study of Kazakh publicly traded firms
Ownership structure and productivity in Russian companies
What's mine is yours : the rise of collaborative consumption
Stock market reactions to layoff announcements : ownership structure
Convergent journalism : an introduction : writing and producing across media
How does family ownership affect firm's performance?
Nordic corporate governance revisited
Questions about the respective roles of private and state property have been at the center of European political life for the whole of the past century. Much less publicity has been given to the ways in which rights to property are transmitted over time and how different inheritance traditions have affected European societies. The chapters in this book draw on historical and anthropological research to show how inheritance practices connect the intimate organization of domestic life with questions of economic development, political structure and religious belief. The book traces the story from the coming of Christianity, through the imposition and dissolution of different forms of feudalism, to the development of the modern economy. Several chapters deal with the impact of communism and its collapse - and demonstrate how ideas about the inheritance of property and status are continuing to shape, and be shaped by, economic and social changes in a continent that is moving beyond the ideological dichotomies of the Cold War.
International Corporate Governance
Information sharing in the era of social media
