http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20839 media players
media players
The technology of video and audio streaming
The rough guide to iPod, iTunes & music online / music, photos, video, podcasts
Professional iPhone and iPad database application programming
Music, sound and multimedia : from the live to the virtual
The unauthorized guide to iPhone, iPad, and iPod repair : a DIY guide to extending the life of your iDevices!
Gravikord, whirlies and pyrophones : experimental musical instruments / written and produced by bart hopkin ; foreword by Tom Waits
Der i-Kosmos : Macht, Mythos und Magie einer Marke = The i-cosmos : might, myth and magic of a brand
iPod and iTunes for dummies
iPhone and iPad App 24-hour trainer
Advanced iOS 4 programming : developing mobile applications for Apple iPhone, iPad, and iPod touch
All about jembe : everything you need to know to start playing now!
MP3 encoding and music industry
iPhone user interface design projects
Build your own PC home entertainment system
Professional iPhone and iPod touch programming : building applications for Mobile Safari
Classical guitarist's study directory : an innovative database
Ipod Touch
Sormina : a new musical instrument
Design of streaming media panoramic video system based on WebGL
The story
Keyboard from pianos to synths : a comprehensive guide for all styles and abilities
Coverage includes: Navigation, Alerts & Action Sheets & Modal Views, Custom Table Views, The Split View, Touch Events, Notification Processing, Networking Concepts, Multimedia, Application Preferences, Data Storage, The Pasteboard, Unit Testing, Performance Tuning and Optimization, 	Integrating iAds, Multitasking.
The rough guide to the iPhone
Designing for small screens : mobile phones, smart phones, PDAs, pocket PCs, navigation systems, MP3 players, game consoles
With even little or no prior programming experience, you can learn the code necessary to build an app by following the how-to instructions in this book-and-video combo. Comprised of clear, no-nonsense lessons, the book walks you through each tutorial and then encourages you to work through simple exercises so that you can immediately apply what you just learned. These lessons are backed by video demonstrations on the accompanying DVD to further illustrate the instruction and drive home the main points. In addition, the book's appendices contain helpful information such as obtaining a device UDID, testing, and distributing an app and also lists common reasons why applications are rejected, so you can prepare to take precautionary measures to avoid these instances.
iPhone open application development
"Long ignored by scholars in the humanities, sound has just begun to take its place as an important object of study in the last few years. Since the late 19th century, there has been a paradigmatic shift in auditory cultures and practices in European societies. This change was brought about by modern phenomena such as urbanization, industrialization and mechanization, the rise of modern sciences, and of course the emergence of new sound recording and transmission media. This book contributes to our understanding of modern European history through the lens of sound by examining diverse subjects such as performed and recorded music, auditory technologies like the telephone and stethoscope, and the ambient noise of the city"--Provided by publisher.
Ipod And Itunes
MIDI for the professional
The perfect thing : How the iPod shuffles commerce, culture and coolness
Beginning iOs Apps with Facebook and Twitter APIs :  for iPhone, iPad, and iPod touch
Abstract (s.223-224).
iPod touch for dummies
Modern recording techniques
Autonomous virtual instruments : a foray into musical metacreation
Beginning iPhone 4 development : exploring the iOS SDK
iPod and philosophy : iCon of an ePoch
Musical instruments : explore the amazing world of music
Sounds of modern history : auditory cultures in 19th- and 20th- century Europe
Provides information on building data-centric applications for the iPhone and the iPad, covering such topics as SQLite, TableView, core data, XCode, schema migration, Cocoa, XML, and Web services.
Windows 7 and Linux Mint : evaluation of basic actions from student's perspective - case study
It is important to have alternatives in everyday life to have best of everything and this is also true while selecting operating system. Windows being only chargeable operating system and Microsoft ending support for Windows XP, many consumers are looking alternatives. This thesis evaluates Windows 7 and Linux Mint 13 functionalities from student point of view by conducting a case study. Case study consisted several tasks for operating systems user interface and programs. It was discovered that both operating systems were able to execute the desirable functions and were user friendly according to the test subject. Windows 7 is more likely to be consumers choice because its familiarity but for more money conscious consumer, Linux Mint is something to be considered.
Professional iPhone and iPad application development
Sound moves : iPod culture and urban experience
Drums of Africa
Tourism and mobilities : local - global communities
My iPod touch : [covers iOS4 and iPod touch, 4th gen]
Sound media : from live journalism to music recording
iPod, therefore I am
Keyboard : from pianos to synths
Beginning iPhone 3 development  : exploring the iPhone SDK
Pulsar kite : a study case for sonic ludic interaction
iPod & iTunes for dummies
Beginning iPhone 3 development : exploring the iPhone SDK
Popular music : topics, trends & trajectories
A study of multimedia video player based on FFMPEG
Drums for dummies
Beginning iPadTM Application Development
