http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20879 friends
friends
The time of our lives
Bridget Jones's diary
When Old Turtle dies and is taken back by the sea, his friends remember that he was a wonderful teacher and friend who made his world a better place.
The bare bum gang and the valley of doom
Little Warrior
The hollow
Zahrah the windseeker
Where the streets had a name
Hallowed
Torn
Boundless
Would you rather?
Can we still be friends
Unearthly
Thank goodness for Bob
Always remember
The festival of insignificance : a novel
My best friend's exorcism : a novel
Can you see what I see? : Seymour makes new friends
A cottage by the sea
Princess jellyfish. 3
Royal wedding : the Princess diaries
The legacy
Very special friends
Susie the sister fairy
Southwold mystery
Princess in pink
A year with friends
The dragon and the nibblesome knight
Days of blood & starlight
Found
A dark and powerful goddess hunts for three jewels: fallen stars that will give her endless power. To save the world, six friends have joined forces to stop her.
Innocent, yet ambitious : childhood in 19th century America as depicted in Louisa May Alcott's Little Women series
Counting
From the author of 'Giraffes Can't Dance' and award-winning creators of 'I Love My Mummy' and 'I Love My Daddy' comes a picture book about the fun and excitement of being a year older. From birthday kisses to party games with friends, all the joy of the big day is captured through true-to-life humour and lovely pictures.
Becoming Alpha
Brush of wings
Brown rabbit in the city
After Alice
The missing person's guide to love : a novel
Bumble
Princess Luna and the Winter Moon Festival
It's not summer without you
Can I tell you a secret?
Dolphin adventure
Throwing light on more serious problems without pronouncing a single serious phrase, giving into the thrill of the contemporary world whilst avoiding any realism - that is 'The Festival of Insignificance'. It can be considered a synthesis of all Kundera's work. A strange synthesis. A strange epilogue. A strange laugh, inspired by our era which is comic because it has lost all sense of humour.
Clumsy : a novel
Pop princess
Kurbaga ve koca dünya = Frog and the wide world
"What should be a cozy and fun-filled weekend deep in the English countryside takes a sinister turn in Ruth Ware's suspenseful, compulsive, and darkly twisted psychological thriller.  Leonora, known to some as Lee and others as Nora, is a reclusive crime writer, unwilling to leave her "nest" of an apartment unless it is absolutely necessary. When a friend she hasn't seen or spoken to in years unexpectedly invites Nora (Lee?) to a weekend away in an eerie glass house deep in the English countryside, she reluctantly agrees to make the trip. Forty-eight hours later, she wakes up in a hospital bed injured but alive, with the knowledge that someone is dead. Wondering not "what happened?" but "what have I done?", Nora (Lee?) tries to piece together the events of the past weekend. Working to uncover secrets, reveal motives, and find answers, Nora (Lee?) must revisit parts of herself that she would much rather leave buried where they belong: in the past.  In the tradition of Paula Hawkins's instant New York Times bestseller The Girl On the Train and S. J. Watson's riveting national sensation Before I Go To Sleep, this gripping literary debut from UK novelist Ruth Ware will leave you on the edge of your seat through the very last page"--
The second wives club
The Valentine's Day disaster : a Twilight, Texas novella
Oona is a very excited puffin! She can't wait until night-time because tonight the moon won't be an ordinary moon: it will be a supermoon, which means it will be bigger and more beautiful than ever before! But getting this excited can make a puffin sleepy. Will Oona be able to stay awake late enough to see it?!
Alfie and his very best friend
The old Victorian pier was once a thing of beauty. It's also where 21-year-old Sophie Collier vanished eighteen years ago. Francesca has spent the last 20 years haunted by the disappearance of her best friend. But when she receives a phone call from Sophie's brother saying that a body has been found she knows she can't keep hiding from what happened. With her own secrets to keep, Francesca doesn't relish the idea of digging up the past or returning to Oldcliffe. But it is time to go back to where she grew up, and it looks like she isn't the only one there hiding truths.
My animal friends : thirty-one true life stories
A divided spy
John dies at the end
Imaginary Fred
The bricks that built the houses
Grown ups 2
Fix and mend
Memoirs of a neurotic zombie
Two for joy
Always and forever
Princess jellyfish. 2
Fun and bumps
Night night, sleep tight : a novel of suspense
Kids of appetite
Distress signals
P.S. I still love you
The 5 love languages : singles edition
Before I wake up..
Fat Cat on a mat and other tales
Revelation
Husbands and lies
The book of wonders
Charlie Cook's favourite book
Becky the best friend fairy
In the time of love
Life is sweet : six fabulous chocolate box stories
What my best friend did
I love my birthday
Friday nights
Doll bones
Goodnight beautiful moon : an Oona and Baba adventure
What friends do best
Angus, thongs and full-frontal snogging. book 1
Lily's so excited. Theo, the hottest guy in school, has asked her to the prom. She can't wait to tell her best friend Carla. But it turns out Carla has some news too - he's invited her as well. But instead of getting mad, they decide to get even and force him to take them both to the prom, with hilarious results /WorldCat.
The importance of being married
Inari, the aggressive vixen of redevelopment, ramps up her efforts to buy out Amaizu-kan, where Tsukimi and her friends live. But Kuranosuke has a fabulous plan of attack-- turn Tsukimi's jellyfish designs into a reality! Will becoming fashion designers be more than Amars can handle? Meanwhile, Shu's interest in Tsukimi drives Kuranosuke to confront some feelings he's never dealt with before."
Lucky Wish Mouse : best friends
Pea's book of best friends
Bay of sighs
When friendship followed me home : a novel
The mark of the dragonfly
Ping and Pong are best friends (mostly)
The big biscuit bike off
The calling
The rumour
My friend Dahmer : a graphic novel
Wick is used to relying on herselfand only herself. But shes going to have to learn to trust someone if shes going to finally escape her demons
Hugless Douglas and the great cake bake
MODERN & CONTEMPORARY FICTION (POST C 1945). A dazzling urban satire of modern relationships? An ironic, tragic insight into the demise of the nuclear family? Or the confused ramblings of a pissed thirty-something? As Bridget documents her struggles through the social minefield of her thirties and tries to weigh up the eternal question (Daniel Cleaver or Mark Darcy?), she turns for support to four indispensable friends: Shazzer, Jude, Tom and a bottle of chardonnay. Bridget Jones's Diary was first published in 1996 and applauded by critics from Salman Rushdie to Jilly Cooper. A number-one bestseller, Helen Fielding's book has sold over fifteen million copies worldwide and has been turned into an Academy Award-nominated film starring Renee Zellweger, Colin Firth and Hugh Grant.
Friends, lovers and other indiscretions
Pom Pom is super
Olympic flame chase
Little bunny's sleepless night
"With the geeky paradise of Amamizu-kan threatened by redevelopment plans, Tsukimi and Amars must spring into action. But the wily Inari-san and her hold on Shu forces Kuranosuke to pull out all the stops: money, blackmail, and ... fashion?! Though Amamizu-kan still struggles with Kuranosuke's stylish ways, the neighborhood fashionista has too much to lose, whether it's a hidden identity or priceless friendships. Tsukimi gets the chance to make her jellyfish dreams into a glamorous reality, but that means breaking out of her bubble! Can these misfit princesses save their castle?" -- Back cover.
Real mermaids don't hold their breath
Bella Broomstick : school spells
How to find a friend
Kafka on the shore
Comet the fairy unicorn
Simon vs. the homo sapiens agenda
Best friends for Frances
Whiffy Wilson : the wolf who wouldn't wash
The snowy day
When good friends go bad
No boyz allowed
The friends we keep
The newcomer
Sugar and spice
Real mermaids don't need high heels
Little black lies
My friends = Mis amigos
Monsters not allowed
Princess Cadance and the glitter heart garden
40 days of dating
The Supremes at Earl's all-you-can-eat
Dark corners
The snow friends
Elsa the Mistletoe fairy
Amy Snowycoat's daring dive
Smalĺs birthday treat
Discord and The Ponyville players
If I were you
Say hello to the baby animals!
A year between friends : 3191 miles apart : crafts, recipes, letters, and stories
Summer camp at Trebizon
Winter of grace
A secret in the family
The screaming statue
To all the boys I've loved before
The otherworldly Karou struggles to come to terms with who and what she is, and how far she'll go to avenge her people.
New girl. the complete third season
Liars, Inc
"In such a small community as the Falkland Islands, a missing child is unheard of. In such a dangerous landscape it can only be a terrible tragedy, surely...  When another child goes missing, and then a third, it's no longer possible to believe that their deaths were accidental, and the villagers must admit that there is a murderer among them. Even Catrin Quinn, a damaged woman living a reclusive life after the accidental deaths of her own two sons a few years ago, gets involved in the searches and the speculation.  And suddenly, in this wild and beautiful place that generations have called home, no one feels safe and the hysteria begins to rise.  But three islanders--Catrin, her childhood best friend, Rachel, and her ex-lover Callum--are hiding terrible secrets. And they have two things in common: all three of them are grieving, and none of them trust anyone, not even themselves.  In Little Black Lies, her most shocking and engaging suspense novel to date, Sharon Bolton will keep the reader guessing until the very last page"--
Amanda's wedding
The Barcelona brothers
The OMG blog
Stick!
Iris and Isaac
The sisters
The Big-hearted book
Sequins, stars & spotlights
Hooray for fish!
Queen Munch and Queen Nibble
Princess on the brink
Bridge to Terabithia
Phoebe Paddlefoot makes a splash
Chloe's secret Princess Club
Echoes of love
Join Douglas on a honey hunt in the seventh Hugless Douglas adventure. This bestselling series has sold over 1.4 million copies to date in 26 languages! The sheep are baking honey cakes and Douglas can't wait to try them. He's sure that food without honey just isn't yummy. Can he ever be tempted to try something new? David Melling is one of the UK's best-loved author-illustrators and his seventh book about Douglas the brown bear is as funny and compelling as the first. It combines brilliantly imaginative illustrations with an endearing sense of what it is like to be a small child learning about the world. Hello, Hugless Douglas! was a World Book Day picture book in 2014. A new Hugless Douglas book is always a cause for celebration.
A tribute to Keith Moon : (there is no substitute)
Friends like these
Despite needing a heart transplant and against the advice of her doctor, Mary Catherine moves to Uganda to work at a new orphanage. Whatever time she has left, Mary Catherine wants to spend it helping children -- especially since there will be no children of her own. The only problem is Major League Baseball player Marcus Dillinger, the man she never meant to fall in love with. Neither Marcus nor Mary Catherine's other friends -- Tyler Ames and Sami Dawson -- know just how serious her heart condition is. Still, Marcus is sure in the depths of his soul that something isn't right. Ultimately his correspondence with Mary Catherine leads him on a desperate life-or-death mission to rescue her and get her to a United States hospital before time runs out. Meanwhile, Sami and Tyler struggle with issues of their own. In a season when Tyler plans to ask Sami to marry him, the very core of their relationship is in jeopardy
The rising
Pretty poodle Parlour
Four orphans are shocked when their beloved friend, sculptor Siegfried Eckleberger, is murdered. As they investigate, they find clues that his death may be tied to the murder of a rich New York heiress as well as to their own past.
Are these my basoomas I see before me?. book 10.
Ladies of letters : take a cheeky peek at Irene and Vera's private correspondence
Princess in love
Lowly worm meets the early bird
