http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20800 defence industries
defence industries
The changing European defence industry sector - consequences for Sweden? : a conference at the National Defence College in Stockholm
The familiar image of the British in the Second World War is that of the plucky underdog taking on German might. David Edgerton's bold, compelling new history shows the conflict in a new light, with Britain as a very wealthy country, formidable in arms, ruthless in pursuit of its interests, and in command of a global production system. Rather than belittled by a Nazi behemoth, Britain arguably had the world's most advanced mechanized forces. It had not only a great empire, but allies large and small. Edgerton shows that Britain fought on many fronts and its many home fronts kept it exceptionally well supplied with weapons, food and oil, allowing it to mobilize to an extraordinary extent. It created and deployed a vast empire of machines, from the humble tramp steamer to the battleship, from the rifle to the tank, made in colossal factories the world over. Scientists and engineers invented new weapons, encouraged by a government and prime minister enthusiastic about the latest technologies. The British, indeed Churchillian, vision of war and modernity was challenged by repeated defeat at the hands of less well-equipped enemies. Yet the end result was a vindication of this vision. Like the United States, a powerful Britain won a cheap victory, while others paid a great price. Putting resources, machines and experts at the heart of a global rather than merely imperial story, Britain's War Machine demolishes timeworn myths about wartime Britain and gives us a groundbreaking and often unsettling picture of a great power in action.
Enhancement of national collaboration between defence establishment and industry by systems approach
The war business : The international trade in armaments
Enhancing the development of military capabilities by a systems approach
Arming East Asia
The war atlas : armed conflict - armed peace
Guns and rubles : the defense industry in the Stalinist state
Arms industry transformation and integration : the choices of East Central Europe
America Inc.? : innovation and enterprise in the national security state
Customer satisfaction research : spare parts sales
Russia and the arms trade
Armed Forces Communications and Electronics Association : AFCEA Helsinki Chapters 10 years
Britain's war machine : weapons, resources, and experts in the Second World War
Towards a brave new arms industry?
Paras Vammala = The best Vammala
Research and applications in bacteriocins
Russian armed forces in transition : economic, geopolitical and institutional uncertainties
Dealing with the threat of cruise missiles
Russian military capability in a ten-year perspective : 2011
