http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20817 police (occupations)
police (occupations)
In order to avoid an Internal Affairs investigation, Detective Wolf must hunt down the "Black Lotus Killer," a pursuit that leads to a cold case from his past
Studies of satellite-based tracking systems for improving law enforcement : comprising investigation data, digital evidence and monitoring of legality
Powers : Bureau. [Vol. 2 : Icons]
Paper towns
Crime fiction
The Fix. Vol. 1, Where beagles dare
On the exploration of mobile technology acceptance among law enforcement officers using structural equation modelling (SEM) : a multi-group analysis of the Finnish police force
The marriage charm
The lighter side of Sherlock Holmes : humorous artwork by Norman Schatell
Hunted
Nineteen eighty three
The London of Sherlock Holmes
Annika Bengtzon has spent her career telling stories that need to be heard. As a journalist, she's always been at the front line of criminal reporting. And now a court case that she's been reporting on - the savage murder of a homeless man - has begun to attract a lot of attention. With the stakes rising by the day, Annika is once again flung to the heart of a complex case. But nagging at the back of her mind is her sister's mysterious absence. In the midst of a tense public situation, Annika's own complicated past looks set to rear its head.
Live to tell : a detective D. D. Warren novel
Faithful place
Case one : knock down
14th deadly sin
A whisper to the living
The strange death of Fiona Griffiths
Death at Hungerford Stairs : Charles Dickens & Superintendent Jones investigate
Rivers of London : Night witch
Sherlock Holmes : the sign of the four
The long way home
Magic in the blood
When it comes to caring for the furry residents of St. Helena, California, groomer and pet rescuer Shay Michaels can handle anything. Humans are another story, though--especially Deputy Jonah Baudouin. He's the town's resident superhero: uptight, and jaw-droppingly gorgeous, even when he's investigating complaints about Shay's beloved foster animals. And that spells danger for Shay, a free spirit who can't risk trusting the wrong person again / WorldCat.
The punisher - tuomari
Disappeared
Driving heat
Blue lightning
Behind God's back
Messenger of truth : a Maisie Dobbs novel
Powers. [vol. 5: Anarchy]
The bride collector
Hannah Kelly has been missing for nine months. Ava Delaney has been dead for five days. One girl to find. One girl to avenge. And DS Aector McAvoy won't let either of them go until justice can be done. But some people have their own ideas of what justice means ... / WorldCat.
Lye in wait : a home crafting mystery
The golem of Paris
Hell or high water
Thicker than water
The Green Mill murder
Powers. [vol. 12: The 25 coolest dead superheroes of all time]
Dare to hold
Every night I dream of hell
Undercover
Monday the rabbi took off
Shadows before the sun
Total immunity
The pledge
Stealing God
The Devil's evidence
Heat rises
Greetings from New Eden : a better place to live
The lost daughter
Axe Cop. 1
Cop town
The dead in their vaulted arches : a Flavia de Luce novel
Hooliganism in the shadow of the 9/11 terrorist attack and the tsunami : do police reduce group violence?
The Villa Triste
The Yiddish policemen's union : a novel
The hour of dust and ashes
Black lotus
Powers. [vol. 2: Roleplay]
What roles and missions for Europe's military and security forces in the 21st century?
When a career-making case falls into their laps, detectives Selena Alvarez and Regan Pescoli must race against time to save the life of Jillian Rivers, who has been captured by an elusive serial killer who toys with his victims and then subjects them to a slow and agonizing death.
Sp4rx
Sunday the rabbi stayed home
The police in DRC are indeed a permanent domestic risk. The lack of policy, service or management regime for the acquisition of equipment explains the deficient, dilapidated, obsolete and very often inappropriate equipment. Moreover, police units have very weak operational capacity and police officers lack self-confidence and pride in their profession. These shabbily dressed men and women in faded uniforms daily develop an indifferent attitude towards their profession and work in general. Inefficient and ineffective, the Congolese policeforce is wholly demoralised and unprofessional. This has negatively affected the relationship between police and population. It has led to the withdrawal of people's cooperation, a must for successful police work and for meeting people's expectations.
Circle of the dead
Children of war
The final word
The torso
The bat
Dare to surrender
Snake agent : a detective inspector Chen novel
A song for drowned souls
The ice child
Edison : city of crime
Gotham central [Vol. 5] : Dead Robin
Twisted
Powers. [vol. 1: Who killed retro girl?]
Powers. [vol. 9: Psychotic]
Preserve the dead
A cold and lonely place : a novel
The monogram murders : the new Hercule Poirot mystery
The Christie curse
Crazy on you
Wednesday the rabbi got wet
The portrayal of deafness in Elizabeth George's For the sake of Elena
The three monarchs
Memory man
If snow hadn't fallen (a lacey flint short story)
Building a police force "for the good" in DR Congo : questions that still haunt reformers and reform beneficiaries
Radiant state
The newcomer
The perplexing pineapple
Immigrant's relations with the police in Finland : a Lamarckism or a self-induced exercise?
Tokyo ghost. Volume 1, The atomic garden
Calling : a John Luther novel
The secret place
Heat wave
The final fabergé
Powers. [vol. 11: Secret identity]
Guilt by association
Thursday the rabbi walked out
Powers. [vol. 6: The sellouts]
An Interview with Cynthia Masters : from 'The Orchestra Murders'
All involved : a novel
The fifth gospel :a : a novel
The hanging girl : a Department Q thriller
The dead will tell
Even dogs in the wild
Deadly Spells
Play dirty
Powers. [vol. 10: Cosmic]
Murder of a small-town honey : a Scumble River mystery
Statistics on offences and coercive measures
The better part of darkness
Acclaimed author Attica Locke reintroduces us to environmental lawyer Jay Porter (her Black Water Rising protagonist), who takes one last case on the behalf of the community of Pleasantville in this new thriller--only to become embroiled in its shadowy politics, a disturbing education in how far those in power are willing to go to win.
Truth and fear
And the cars go..
Shan Tao Yun is an exiled Chinese national, a former Beijing investigator on parole from the Tibetan work camp to which he had been consigned as punishment. While there he was befriended by unlicensed Tibetan lamas with whom he has been living, since his release, in a secret monastery." "Now he is summoned to a remote village to save a comatose man from summary execution for two murders. The victims' arms had been severed and borne away. Why?" "Shan discovers that the unconscious suspect is not Tibetan, as had been assumed, but Navajo, and that the recent murders are only part of a chain of deaths. Suspects include a prominent Chinese scientist and his would-be criminologist nephew, as well as the village headman, and the illegal miners who are camped nearby. Together with his friends, the unlicensed monks Gendun and Lokesh, Shan must solve the riddle of Dragon Mountain, the place "where world begins.
Left to die
Day of the dead
Saturday the Rabbi went hungry
The long Earth
Beyond ”gender and stir” : reflections on gender and SSR in the aftermath of African conflict
Canary
A steady rain
The devil's star
Precious dragon : a detective inspector Chen novel
Thomas Fool alone has survived the wrath of both demon and angel, and now he faces his most thrilling and complex challenge. Troubling and deadly fires are spreading throughout Hell, and it is Fool's job to sift the ashes and find their source. The clues he finds are mysterious and unsettling, implying something different from the usual litany of cruelty he sees. But one fact is the most disconcerting: the fires have left his masters at the Bureaucracy terrified. In the midst of the chaos, Fool is sent to accompany a political delegation to Heaven. It is unprecedented for a condemned human to enter the land of the elevated, but Fool is protected as one of Hell's own. When his arrival coincides with the discovery of an impossible murder, he faces a catastrophic paradox. Violence, corruption, and fear are Hell's currency; how does one investigate evil where those concepts cannot exist? Impossible or not, the killings are real, and the evidence leads Fool deep into the contradictions of a visionary landscape, where danger can present itself in any form, and to the heart of a conspiracy with the power to upset the balance of Heaven and Hell.
Nate the Great and the musical note
Speaking from among the bones : a Flavia de Luce novel
The mystery of briony lodge
Calamity in Kent
Before it's too late
Hooliganism and police tactics : should tear gas make crime preventers cry?
Detective Inspector Huss
The mane event
Prayer of the dragon
The darkest edge of dawn
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
The Devil's detective
The con men : hustling in New York City
Tuesday the rabbi saw red
Mr. Bricks : a heavy metal murder musical
The cinderella murder : an under suspicion novel
Cold granite
Murder on wheels
Thief of thieves. Vol 3. : "Venice"
Axe Cop. 2
Luther : the calling
Night rounds
Irrefutable evidence : adventures in the history of forensic science
Iron khan : a detective inspector Chen novel
River
The Sayers Swindle
The Cézanne Chase
To brew or not to brew : a brewing trouble mystery
The ploughmen : a novel
Shutter island
Sisältää myös novellin: The strip : a novella of the world of zombie cop / Jeff Mariotte ; illustrations by Szymon Kudranski.
Remains of innocence : a Brady novel of suspense
Grey souls
Powers. [vol. 3: Little deaths]
Attitudes towards immigrants among Finnish police officers : testing four mediators between quality of intergroup contact at work and during spare time and bias
Cross my heart
Leaving everything most loved : a Maisie Dobbs novel
After the fire
Returned from the dead, an unexplained revival that has left her plagued by nightmares, cop and single mom Charlie Madigan must stop the distribution of an off-world drug called ash, while protecting her loved ones from a force more powerful than heaven and hell combined.
Need you for keeps
A dark duologue filled with sharp storytelling and biting repartee, A Steady Rain explores the complexities of a lifelong bond tainted by domestic affairs, violence, and the rough streets of Chicago. Joey and Denny have been best friends since kindergarten, and after working together for several years as policemen in Chicago, they are practically family: Joey helps out with Denny's wife and kids; Denny keeps Joey away from the bottle. But when a domestic disturbance call takes a turn for the worse, their friendship is put on the line. The result is a harrowing journey into a moral gray area where trust and loyalty struggle for survival against a sobering backdrop of pimps, prostitutes, and criminal lowlifes.
Nate the Great and the Halloween hunt
Wool
Thornhill
The devotion of suspect X
Our enemies in blue : police and power in America
The last mile
The payback
Black sheep
Friday the rabbi slept late
Naked heat
Coyote dreams
The cartel
Police trauma : psychological aftermath of civilian combat
Amos Decker, newly hired to a FBI special task force, takes an interest in convicted murderer Melvin Mars case when he discovers the eerie similarities to his own life.
The chosen
Top 10
Scared to live
Once and always
The dead house
The lost army of Cambyses
Tick tock
High heat : a Jack Reacher novella
Sam & Max : Surfin' the highway
Hooliganism in the shadow of the 9/11 terrorist attack and the tsunami : do police reduce group violence
Crooked Numbers
The Crime Museum uncovered : inside Scotland Yard's special collection
Bleed for me
The fall
Nate the Great and the phony clue
Britt-Marie was here
Willowgrove
Finch
Demon and the city : a detective inspector Chen novel
Powers : Bureau. [Vol. 1 : Undercover]
Max Payne 3 : PlayStation 3
Offences known to the police
Deadly heat
Every student needs a part-time job. Hers is hunting criminals. Sarie Holland is a good kid. An Honours student. She doesn't even drink. So when a narcotics cop busts her while she's doing a favour for a friend, she has a lot to lose. Desperate to avoid destroying her future, she agrees to become a CI - a confidential informant. Armed only with a notebook, she turns out to be as good at catching criminals as she is at passing tests. But it's going to take more than one 19-year-old to clean up Philadelphia. Soon Sarie is caught in the middle of a power struggle between corrupt cops and warring gangs, with nothing on her side but stubbornness and smarts. Which is bad news for both the police and the underworld. Because when it comes to payback, CI #137 turns out to be a very fast learner.
