http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20889 majorities
majorities
Social choice and democratic values
Thinking about democracy : power sharing and majority rule in theory and practice
What should I think, how should I feel? : the balancing of personal experiences and social norms in the outgroup attitude formation of youth
Basic properties of majority rule : an introductory survey
"This book presents the most complete set of analytical, normative, and historical discussions of majority decision making to date. One chapter critically addresses the social-choice approach to majority decisions, whereas another presents an alternative to that approach. Extensive case studies discuss majority voting in the choice of religion in early modern Switzerland, majority voting in nested assemblies such as the French Estates-General and the Federal Convention, majority voting in federally organized countries, qualified majority voting in the European Union Council of Ministers, and majority voting on juries. Other chapters address the relation between majority decisions and cognitive diversity, the causal origin of majority decisions, and the pathologies of majority decision making. Two chapters, finally, discuss the counter-majoritarian role of courts that exercise judicial review. The editorial Introduction surveys conceptual, causal, and normative issues that arise in the theory and practice of majority decisions"--
Voting rule reforms in the EU Council : needs, means and consequences
Counting the many : the origins and limits of supermajority rule
Democratic reason : politics, collective intelligence, and the rule of the many
Politics by principle, not interest : toward nondiscriminatory democracy
Making majorities : constituting the nation in Japan, Korea, China, Malaysia, Fiji, Turkey, and the United States
Respect, plurality and prejudice : a psychoanalytic and philosophical inquiry into the dynamics of social exclusion and discrimination
Intergroup attitudes among majority and minority groups
Rethinking ethnicity : majority groups and dominant minorities
Qualified-majority voting: the key to efficient decision-making in an enlarged European Union
Markets and democracy : exiting the tyranny of the majority
Majority judgment : measuring, ranking, and electing
Have "consociational" forms of parliamentary government ceased to exist in Western Europe but is the majoritarian model on the way to becoming more "cooperative"?
Philosophical perspectives : essays in honour of Seppo Sajama on his 50th birthday
Group consensus and minority influence : implications for innovation
Minority integration in Central Eastern Europe : between ethnic diversity and equality
Political equality : an essay in democratic theory
This book offers a comprehensive overview and critique of the most important political and philosophical interpretations of the basic results of social choice, assessing their plausibility and seeking to identify the links between the theory of social choice and the more traditional issues of political theory and philosophy. In this regard, the author eschews a strong methodological commitment or technical formalism; the approach is instead based on the presentation of political facts and illustrated via numerous real-life examples. This allows the reader to get acquainted with the philosophical and political dispute surrounding voting and collective decision-making and its links to social choice theory.
Majority decisions : principles and practices
Dominant culture as a foreign culture : dominant groups in the eyes of minorities
Shall the religious inherit the Earth? : a thought-provoking look into the future of faith
Group size, group status and dimensions of contact as predictors of intergroup attitudes
The tyranny of the majority : fundamental fairness in representative democracy
National belonging and everyday life : the significance of nationhood in an uncertain world
Why constitutions matter
Minority influence and innovation : antecedents, processes and consequences
Identities, intergroup relations and acculturation : the cornerstones of intercultural encounters
"The book presents a timely examination on a range of issues present in the discussions on the integration of ethnic minorities in Central Eastern Europe: norm setting, equality promotion, multiculturalism, nation-building, social cohesion, and ethnic diversity. It insightfully illustrates these debates by assessing them diachronically rather than cross-nationally from the legal, political and anthropological perspective. The contributors unpack concepts related to minority integration, discuss progress in policy-implementation and scrutinize the outcomes of minority integration in seven countries from the region. The volume is divided into three sections taking a multi-variant perspective on minority integration and equality. The volume starts with an analysis of international organizations setting standards and promoting minority rights norms on ethnic diversity and equal treatment. The second and third sections address state policies that provide fora for minority groups to participate in policy-making as well as the role of society and its various actors their development and enactment of integration concepts. The volume aims to assess the future of ethnic diversity and equality in societies across Central Eastern European states"--P. [4] of cover.
Homophobias : lust and loathing across time and space
