http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20826 homosexuals
homosexuals gays
We can't even march straight : homosexuality in the British Armed Forces
Lesbian motherhood in Europe
Spartacus. 2011/2012 : international gay guide
The deaf-mute boy
Weaving together his brilliant analyses of literature, art, and music with fearless insights on race, gender, and history. The result is an extraordinary, complex portrait of "white girls," as Als dubs them--an expansive but precise category that encompasses figures as diverse as Truman Capote and Louise Brooks, Malcolm X and Flannery O'Connor. In pieces that hairpin between critique and meditation, fiction and nonfiction, high culture and low, the theoretical and the deeply personal, Als presents a stunning portrait of a writer by way of his subjects, and an invaluable guide to the culture of our time.
Queer presences and absences
Gays and the military : Joseph Steffan versus the United States
Although public policy and social programs responding to the AIDS and hate crime epidemics of the past decades are supposed to be designed for the working-class gay man, in actuality they have been based more on socioeconomic bias, stereotype, and anecdote than on social science. What do these men actually want and need? How well do programs work for them? The answers are found in Working-Class Gay and Bisexual Men, the landmark international study that is among the first to empirically examine the lives, attitudes, needs, and concerns of this hidden population. Working-Class Gay and Bisexual Men reports on research conducted throughout the United States, Canada, Australia, and New Zealand using a broad-based sample of working-class men. Using ethnographic techniques, researchers systematically captured and analyzed the social themes of their lives. The impressively detailed and consistent results should compel policymakers to rethink their assumptions about working-class gay men.
Is it true you have two mums? / Ruby Clay
Violence and social injustice against lesbian, gay and bisexual people
The naked civil servant
Kicked out
Cast out : queer lives in theater
Born this way : real stories of growing up gay
Tell the wolves I'm home
The mayor of Castro Street : the life and times of Harvey Milk
The gay divorcee
Human rights pressure in the case of Ugandan anti-homosexuality bill
It's ok to be gay : celebrity coming out stories
Set over the course of one night in the waiting room of a psych clinic, The Angel of History follows Yemeni-born poet Jacob as he revisits the events of his life, from his maternal upbringing in an Egyptian whorehouse to his adolescence under the aegis of his wealthy father and his life as a gay Arab man in San Francisco at the height of AIDS. Hovered over by the presence of alluring, sassy Satan who taunts Jacob to remember his painful past and dour, frigid Death who urges him to forget and give up on life, Jacob is also attended to by 14 saints. Set in Cairo and Beirut; Sana'a, Stockholm, and San Francisco; Alameddine gives us a charged philosophical portrait of a brilliant mind in crisis. This is a profound, philosophical and hilariously winning story of the war between memory and oblivion we wrestle with every day of our lives.
Understanding Theology and Homosexuality in African-American Communities focuses specifically on helping mental professionals understand the scriptural and historical bases for the negative stance of some African American churches towards same-sex relations, and how that understanding is relevant within the context of mental health care. It provides a summary of the relevant professional literature and examples from clinical practice and/or research
Sexuality and social justice in Africa : rethinking homophobia and forging resistance
The third sex
Social work practice with lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender people
A book certain to appeal to many readers. Experts discuss the intricacies of maintaining a positive affirming relationship. Entire sections of this large and impressive 300-page anthology cover the gamut of gay relationships, including what can go right - or what can go wrong, where to look for lovers, what it takes to maintain a gay relationship, how to solve problems in a relationship, difficulties in role expectations, depression, excessive drinking, and much more.
Gay relationships
Theories of homosexuality
Straight Talk has been the number one tool for HR, Diversity, Operational or any other management / associate personnel with a stake in seeing meaningful inclusion of sexual orientation and gender identity at their organization. It covers education content and methodology, domestic partner benefits, internal and external business case elements, strategies for full inclusion, a look at employee resource networks formed around these issues, academic courseware, how to successfully manifest a transsexual transition, and much, much more. So, why did we stop the presses on a planned fourth edition? Because the publishing process as it exists today does not allow us to update it fast and furiously enough to ensure that it keeps pace with the changes occurring in its subject areas. Those changes are significant and are occurring just about daily.
Gay and lesbian professionals in the closet : who's in, who's out, and why
Diversity in coaching : working with gender, culture, race and age
Lord John and the hand of devils
Understanding narrative identity through lesbian and gay youth
Breakfast with Scot : novel
Living a double life : examples of repressed queer identity communicated through the world wide web
I, Pierre Seel, deported homosexual : a memoir of Nazi terror
Finding the lesbians : personal accounts from around the world
Edmund Hall's first book is both a personal testimony, and a timely demand for changes in the law. The author served as a naval officer for two years before acknowledging his homosexuality and was sacked. It was his experience that inspired what is an intensely candid and disturbing account of the homophobia and hypocrisy that pervade the British military. Drawing from many first-hand experiences - including the paranoia brought on by the Military Police's 'special investigations' - We can't even march straight is a compelling and human plea for change, at a time when the debate on the issue is reaching a climax.
Hate : a romance
Gay-friendly Helsinki: Case Helsinki Pride
Men who love men
American Savage : insights, slights, anf fights on faith, sex, love, and politics
Between protection and prosecution : exploring international human rights laws for the decriminalisation of homosexual conduct between consenting adults
The two week wait
Are we thinking straight? : the politics of straightness in a lesbian and gay social movement organization
Lesbian and gay parents and their children : research on the family life cycle
From social silence to social science : same-sex sexuality, HIV & AIDS and gender in South Africa : conference proceedings
The constitutional underclass : gays, lesbians, and the failure of class-based equal protection
"From social silence to social science: same-sex sexuality, HIV & AIDS and gender in South Africa presents a unique and innovative effort to examine what we know about homosexual transmission of HIV and AIDS in South Africa. It reverses the trend whereby categories of same sex sexual practice are almost always excluded from research of HIV and AIDS, as well as from care and intervention programmes. The varied contributors (academics, activists and programme planners) draw attention to the risk behaviours and treatment needs of people who engage in homosexual sex, and explain why same-sex sexuality has to be seen as key within South African efforts to study, test and prevent HIV infection. Relevant to scholarly debates about HIV and AIDS, it is also essential reading for anyone involved in research, policymaking, advocacy and community development"--Publisher Website.
The boyfriend
Sixteen-year-old, not-so-openly-gay Simon Spier is blackmailed into playing wingman for his classmate or else his sexual identity--and that of his pen pal--will be revealed / Library of Congress.
Gay life and culture : a world history
Working-class gay and bisexual men
The web : social control in a lesbian community
The stranger's child
The glass closet : why coming out is good business
Urban amazons : lesbian feminism and beyond in the gender, sexuality, and identity battles of London
The closet takes its toll on its dwellers through their experiences of isolation, fear, paranoia, potentially increased internalized homophobia, and dissonance between role and identity; yet many people in the helping professions do not feel that it is desirable or even appropriate to disclose their sexual orientation to those receiving help. Gay and Lesbian Professionals in the Closet explores the different positions people take on this provocative issue, the arguments they use to support their positions, and why the issue may not be as clear-cut as it sometimes seems. While complex sociopsychological factors, cultural values and influences, and legal issues keep many gays, lesbians, and bisexuals in the closet, closeted practice may have its advantages. A closeted practitioner, whether case manager, counselor, psychotherapist, physician, or minister, can bring understanding and insight to practice with homosexual clients and their families, as well as lend substantial support to openly gay and lesbian helping professionals. Yet, as Gay and Lesbian Professionals in the Closet reveals, being closeted can compromise your integrity, as well as that of your clients, and the benefits of being out will likely outweigh those of being closeted.
The lesbian premodern
From perverts to fab five : the media's changing depiction of gay people and lesbians
In April 1987 Joseph C. Steffan, one of the ten highest ranking midshipmen in his class at the U.S. Naval Academy, and only six weeks from graduation, was denied his diploma and forced to resign his commission because he answered "Yes, sir" to the question, "I'd like your word, are you a homosexual?" Six years later his cause, and that of other gay men and lesbians seeking to serve their country by enlistment in the military, has become the subject of intense national controversy. This unusual and innovative work, based on the litigation strategy and court papers filed in the case of Joseph C. Steffan v. Richard Cheney, Secretary of Defense, et al., brings the resources of clinical psychiatry, clinical and social psychology, cultural history and political science to bear upon the fundamental questions at issue: How is sexual orientation determined? How and why have socially prejudiced stereotypes about male and female homosexuals developed? Why have gays faced special obstacles in defending themselves against discrimination? How much political power do gays have?
Long time passing : lives of older lesbians
Witch eyes
More than four decades after the start of the gay liberation movement, lesbians and gay men can legally marry, adopt children, and enjoy the same rights and respect as heterosexuals... or can they? In Straight expectations, Julie Bindel tracks the changes in the gay community in the last 40 years and asks whetehr fighting for the right to marry has achieved genuine progress, or whether the new legal rights have neutered a once-radical social movement. - Drawing on extensive original research into changing attitudes towards sexuality, as well as interviews with scientists examining the 'gay gene', gay liberation pioneers, religious figures and key players of all political persuasions, Straight expectations asks: Is sexual orientation learned or latent? Do lesbians and gay men have anything in common? Have we now reached a stage where the 'only gay in the village' mentality no longer has any place in UK society? What can we learn from the battles being fought internationally?
James Baldwin and the queer imagination
A queer capital : a history of gay life in Washington, D.C
Gay and lesbian rights : a reference handbook
New art of capturing love : the essential guide to lesbian and gay wedding photography
"The first history of LGBT life in Washington, D.C., across the 20th century. Covering black and white individuals and communities, and considering the effects of race, gender, and class, this book explores how lesbians, gay men, and bisexuals built communities, survived anti-gay campaigns, and organized to demand equal rights"--
Staying power : long term lesbian couples
Lesbian studies : present and future
"This book examines inequalities experienced by LGBT people and considers the role of social work in addressing them. The book is organised in three parts: the first provides a policy context in four countries, the second examines social work practice in tackling health inequalities, and part three considers research and pedagogic developments. The book's distinctive approach includes international contributions, practice vignettes and key theoretical perspectives in health inequalities, including social determinants of health, minority stress, ecological approaches and human rights. Lesbian, gay, bisexual and trans health inequalities is relevant to social work educators, practitioners and students, alongside an interdisciplinary audience interested in LGBT health inequalities." -- Publisher's description.
Making history : the struggle for gay and lesbian equal rights 1945-1990 : an oral history
Situation of bisexual and homosexual persons in Poland : 2005 and 2006 report
"To be fat in a thin-obsessed gay culture can be difficult. Despite affectionate in-group monikers for big gay men-chubs, bears, cubs-the anti-fat stigma that persists in American culture at large still haunts these individuals who often exist at the margins of gay communities. In Fat Gay Men, Jason Whitesel delves into the world of Girth & Mirth, a nationally known social club dedicated to big gay men, illuminating the ways in which these men form identities and community in the face of adversity. In existence for over forty years, the club has long been a refuge and 'safe space' for such men. Both a partial insider as a gay man and an outsider to Girth & Mirth, Whitesel offers an insider's critique of the gay movement, questioning whether the social consequences of the failure to be height-weight proportionate should be so extreme in the gay community.This book documents performances at club events and examines how participants use allusion and campy-queer behavior to reconfigure and reclaim their sullied body images, focusing on the numerous tensions of marginalization and dignity that big gay men experience and how they negotiate these tensions via their membership to a size-positive group. Based on ethnographic interviews and in-depth field notes from more than 100 events at bar nights, cafe; klatches, restaurants, potlucks, holiday bashes, pool parties, movie nights, and weekend retreats, the book explores the woundedness that comes from being relegated to an inferior position in gay hierarchies, and yet celebrates how some gay men can reposition the shame of fat stigma through carnival, camp, and play. A compelling and rich narrative, Fat Gay Men provides a rare glimpse into an unexplored dimension of weight and body image in American culture"--
Sin no more : from abortion to stem cells, understanding crime, law, and morality in America
Is multiculturalism dead? : crisis and persistence in the constitutional state
Leaving Tangier : a novel
The new art of capturing love : the essential guide to lesbian and gay wedding photography
Boy meets boy
Twice blessed : on being lesbian or gay and Jewish
Rory's boys
Queers in history : the comprehensive encyclopedia of historical gays, lesbians, bisexuals, and transgenders
Men who have sex with men (MSM) : monitoring implementation of the Dublin Declaration on Partnership to fight HIV/AIDS in Europe and Central Asia : 2012 progress report
Queer lives remain at the margins of most academic inquiry into domestic violence. When same-sex violence is considered, it is most commonly as an "added on," without close attention to the specificity and meaning of violence within the lives of lesbian/ gay/ bisexual/ transgender/Two-Spirit and queer people (LGBTQ). This edited volume seeks to change this discourse by bringing together the most innovative research about intimate partner violence that is specific to the lives of LGBTQ people. Including contributions based on research conducted in the United States, the United Kingdom, Canada and Australia, the volume is framed around central themes: conceptualizing violence; exploring differing spaces and lived experiences of violence; and the ethical challenges of responding to violence. The contributors also consider issues of race, class, gender, sexuality and other social differences, moving beyond a simple gender lens to one involving a framework of intersectionality.
Essays on economic outcomes of immigrants and homosexuals
Out from under : the impact of homosexual parenting
Counseling lesbian women and gay men : a life-issues approach
When the Supreme Court struck down Colorado's Amendment 2 - which would have nullified all state and local laws protecting gays and lesbians from discrimination - it was widely regarded as a victory for gay rights. Yet many gays and lesbians still risk losing their jobs, custody of their children, and even their liberty under the law. Using the Colorado initiative as his focus, Gerstmann untangles the complex standards and subtle rhetoric the Supreme Court uses to apply the equal protection clause. The Court divides people into legal classes that receive varying levels of protection; gays and lesbians and other groups, such as the elderly and the poor, receive the least. Gerstmann reveals how these standards are used to favor certain groups over others, and also how Amendment 2 advocates used the Court's doctrine to convince voters that gays and lesbians were seeking "special rights" in Colorado. Concluding with a call for wholesale reform of equal-protection jurisprudence, this book is essential reading for anyone interested in fair, coherent, and truly equal protection under the law.
Lesbians over 60 speak for themselves
Urban tourism in the developing world : the South African experience
Queer voices from the classroom
Priceless honey
Best Gay Love Stories
Lord John and the brotherhood of the blade
'Curing queers' : mental nurses and their patients, 1935-74
Phantom eyes
And the band played on : politics, people, and the AIDS epidemic
Looking at gay and lesbian life
Gods & monsters : a queer film classic
The magic of this novel is in the read, and we do not want to spoil it by giving away too many details. We can tell you that this is a story about that special someone: the one you trust, the one you can’t live without. For Ted Flask, that someone special is his aging companion Lily, who happens to be a dog. Lily and the Octopus reminds us how it feels to love fiercely, how difficult it can be to let go, and how the fight for those we love is the greatest fight of all.
Domestic violence and sexuality : what's love got to do with it?
Psychotherapy with deaf clients from diverse groups
Gay and gray : the older homosexual man
Charity and Sylvia : a same-sex marriage in early America
More than this
Sexual politics, sexual communities : the making of a homosexual minority in the United States 1940-1970
Fat gay men : girth, mirth, and the politics of stigma
Lily and the octopus
"Based on archival work, personal interviews, and literary history, A Queer Capital is a history of LGBT Washington D.C. during the long decades from the turn of the 20th century through the Eisenhower era. The book is a lively history of black and white gay communities and individuals, attesting to the vibrant cultural and intellectual life of a city sometimes believed to be neither. Of particular importance is the discussion of how racial identities and gay identities were interrelated during the period. A Queer Capital is a book for readers interested in gay life, in Washington D.C. history, and in African American life and culture in the first half of the twentieth century. "--
Straight talk about gays in the workplace
"How to be a Real Gay takes its title from a series of workshops organised by gay activists in the small town of Ermelo, South Africa. Focusing on everyday practices of gayness in hair salons, churches, taverns and meeting halls, it explores the ambivalent space that homosexuality occupies in newly democratic South Africa: on the one hand, protection of gay rights is a litmus test for our Constitutional democracy, yet on the other, homosexuality is seen to threaten traditional values, customs and beliefs. This book is the first to emerge that recounts how gays in small-town South Africa negotiate this difficult symbolic terrain. How do discourses on international gay and lesbian social movements and gay equality hang together with local views on identity, gender and relationships? Why do small-town gays harness fashion, style and glamour in the making and sustaining of identity? How do economically vulnerable gays organize, access resources and create networks linking small towns to cities? How to be a Real Gay delves to the core of what it means to be other in contexts of risk, exclusion and inclusion. In its richly textured way, it also speaks to the tremendous capacity of gays to imagine and create life worlds in a harsh environment."--Publisher's website.
Gaysia : adventures in the queer east
White girls
Sexual orientation discrimination : an international perspective
Homosexuality : social, psychological, and biological issues
Inventing ourselves : lesbian life stories
The gay tapes : a candid discussion about male homosexuality
Out of hiding
Spartacus : international gay guide. 2015
The challenges of being a rural gay man : coping with stigma
Gay and lesbian youth
College men and masculinities : theory, research, and implications for practice
Lesbian passion : loving ourselves and each other
How to howl at the moon
Shameless
Public discourses of gay men
Explores the lives of Charity Bryant and Sylvia Drake, two ordinary middle-class women who serve as a window on historical constructs of marriage, gender, and sexuality in late 18th-century and early 19th-century America. Both were born in Massachusetts, but in different towns, 11 years apart. Charity's attachment to women was so blatant that after she turned 20, her father told her to leave the house. She worked as a schoolteacher, but was forced to leave jobs several times because of hurtful gossip about her relationships with other women. In early 1807, Charity moved to Vermont to stay with a friend, and there she met Sylvia. The two fell in love, set up housekeeping, and considered themselves married. Gradually, their family members and the residents of Weybridge did as well. Charity and Sylvia became integral to the community, attending church, running their tailor shop, and contributing to charitable endeavors. Most of all, Charity and Sylvia remained passionately committed to each other and refused to hide their relationship. An important work of history that resonates with one of today's most public debates.
Our deep gossip : conversations with gay writers on poetry and desire
Gays in uniform : the Pentagon's secret reports
The sciences of homosexuality in early modern Europe
Violence and Social Injustice Against Lesbian, Gay, and Bisexual People helps you look past the stereotypical picture of violence against sexual minorities - the public physical assaults on gay, lesbian, bisexual, and transgendered youth by hypermasculine male thugs - and directs you toward the many daily acts of quiet violence that go on, unhindered, in the workaday settings of our legal, social, educational, and law-enforcement institutions. You'll learn about the frightening prevelance of complacency, homophobic ignorance, and apathy that pervades our police departments, courts, high schools, and churches. Also, armed with this critical insight and statistical research, you'll be better equipped to wage a non-violent war of fairness and mutual respect against the daily, senseless violence of policy and practice that threatens to render gay, lesbian, bisexual, and transgendered people unwelcome and battered citizens in their own communities.
Adoption by lesbians and gay men : a new dimension in family diversity
The elastic closet : a history of homosexuality in France, 1942-present
Sexuality studies
The persecution of people in Africa on the basis of their assumed or perceived homosexual orientation has received considerable coverage in the popular media in recent years. Gay-bashing by political and religious figures in Zimbabwe and Gambia; draconian new laws against lesbians and gays and their supporters in Malawi, Nigeria and Uganda; and the imprisonment and extortion of gay men in Senegal and Cameroon have all rightly sparked international condemnation. However, much of the analysis has been highly critical of African leadership and culture without considering local nuances, historical factors and external influences that are contributing to the problem. Such commentary also overlooks grounds for optimism in the struggle for sexual rights and justice in Africa, not just for sexual minorities but for the majority population as well.
Straight expectations : what does it mean to be gay today?
The angel of history : a novel
Unlimited intimacy : reflections on the subculture of barebacking
Religion, gender and sexuality in everyday life
Behind the candelabra : my life with Liberace
Understanding theology and homosexuality in African American communities
Closeted in the name of God - the status of homosexual employees in the Lutheran Evangelical Church in Finland
Coming out, coming home : making room for gay spirituality in therapy
The memoirs of John Addington Symonds
Lesbian, gay, bisexual and trans health inequalities : international perspectives in social work
Lesbian ethics : toward new value
Out on holy ground : meditations on gay men's spirituality
Gay News
Between a man and a woman? : why conservatives oppose same-sex marriage
Censoring sexuality
How to be a real gay : gay identities in small-town South Africa
The changing world of gay men
Lesbians, women and society
Is it true you have two mums?
Bisexual and homosexual identities : critical clinical issues
Simon vs. the homo sapiens agenda
When two studies by a Pentagon research group found that there was no justification for keeping gay people out of the military, the generals deep-sixed the reports. Congressman Gerry S. Studds and his legislative assistant, Kate Dyer, acting on a tip, uncovered the documents and forced the Pentagon to release them. The complete reports are in this book. These reports contain a rigorous investigation of the homosexual's place in society and in the military. But they go beyond that. Young people just coming out, as well as their parents, will find that the reports provide a valuable and unbiased perspective on what it means to be a lesbian or gay man today.
Social work with lesbian, gay, bisexual and trans people : making a difference
Serving lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender, and questioning teens : a how-to-do-it manual for librarians
A guide to psychotherapy with gay and lesbian clients
Lesbians at midlife : the creative transition
The silent community : public homosexual encounters
Integrated identity for gay men and lesbians : psychotherapeutic approaches for emotional well-being
Straight jacket : how to be gay and happy
