http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2082 Islam
Islam
The master plan : ISIS, Al-Qaeda, and the Jihadi strategy for final victory
Creation in Miniature: Varieties of the microcosm in the Rasāʾil Ikhwān aṣ-Ṣafāʾ
The religion of Islam : a standard book
The facts about Islam
Children of the jacaranda tree
The world is facing inhumane and barbaric acts of terrorism which is destroying the peace and has become a major threat to world peace. The Islamic curriculum on peace and counter-terrorism provides resources from the Holy Qur'an, Hadith and authoritative books to provide a comprehensive ideological and theological counter narratives.
The topic of love and non-violence in Islam, in an environment imbued with intolerance, extremism and terrorism, is very significant. This book portrays how loving humanity and eliminating violence are key in all the Islamic teachings and are evident in the conduct of Allah's exalted Messenger. Islam eliminated hatred through love, terrorism through peace and ignorance through knowledge. This book portrays how love, peace and knowledge form the very essence of Islam.
Alif the unseen
The house of Islam
Feminist theory, agency, and the liberatory subject : some reflections on the Islamic revival in Egypt
Islam : its meaning for modern man
Islam for today
The determinants of the revolutionary disintegration of the state in Iran
eBook Religion Collection
The veil and the male elite : a feminist interpretation of women's rights in Islam
Mohammedanism : an historical survey
The Koran
The rope of God
New perspectives on ethnic relations, Islam and neoliberalism have emerged in Turkey since the rise of the Justice and Development Party (AKP) in 2002. Placing the period within its historical and contemporary context, Tahir Abbas argues that what it is to be ethnically, religiously and culturally Turkish has been transformed. He explores how issues of political trust, social capital and intolerance towards minorities have characterised Turkey in the early years of the 21st-century. He shows how a radical neoliberal economic and conservative outlook has materialised, leading to a clash over the religious, political and cultural direction of Turkey. These conflicts are defining the future of the nation.
This article argues that insomuch as feminism is both an analytical and politically prescriptive project, it aims not only to analyze the situation of women in different historical and cultural locations but also to transform their conditions of subjugation. Consequently, feminist scholarship tends to accord freedom a normative status, and to emphasize those instances that exemplify women's desire to be free from relations of subordination. An important consequence of this tendency in feminist scholarship is to limit the conceptualization of agency to acts that further the moral autonomy of the individual in the face of power. Through an examination of the women's piety movement in Egypt, this article argues for uncoupling the notion of agency from that of resistance as a necessary step in thinking about forms of desire and politics that do not accord with norms of secular-liberal feminism and its liberatory telos.
The new threat : from Islamic militancy
The story of the Holy Land : a visual history
This book focuses on dealing with questions and concerns regarding long-term and sustainable peaceful relations between Muslims and non-Muslims, in both Muslim majority countries and also western countries where Muslims live as minorities. Dr Muhammad Tahir-ul-Qadri provides evidences and nuanced interpretations of the concepts 'The Abode of Islam, The Abode of Reconciliation, The Abode of Treaty, The Abode of Peace, and The Abode of War.' Clear definitions of these categories are offered, along with how different countries can and cannot be classified in each of these categories.
An enchanted modern : gender and public piety in Shi'i Lebanon
Remembering God : reflections on Islam
Social entrepreneurship in practice : the multifaceted nature of social entrepreneurship and the role of the state within an Islamic context
Islamic spirituality and modern science : the scientific bases of Sufism
Decoding the Quran : a unique Sufi interpretation
The Mind of Jihad
Relations of Muslims and non-Muslims
Women from Traditional Islamic Educational Institutions in Indonesia : negotiating Public Spaces
Islam, Democracy, and Cosmopolitanism : At Home and in the World
A survey of Islamic astronomical tables
Philosophy as a path to happiness : attainment of happiness in Arabic Peripatetic and Ismaili philosophy
Introduction to Islamic theology and law
The purpose of the article is to outline Islamic discourses on sound, more particularly whispering, found in the Qur'ān, the ḥadīth literature and contemporary online fatwas, with the aim of determining whether whispering has different connotations and meanings in different contexts, literary genres and ritual contexts. Examples discussed in the article are derived from a broad range of Islamic sources, such as the Qur'ān and its exegesis and the prophetic literature, but also from a number of different fields within Muslim culture, such as the Internet, YouTube clips and notes from fieldwork among Muslim groups in Sweden. On the basis of the texts and videos selected for analysis, I discuss the belief that whispering has the potential to disturb and cause disorder, and is associated with Satan. Whispering is looked upon as an intermediate and therefore suspicious position, between silence and saying something out loud. More generally, whispering is closely associated with the negative effects of Satan's power over mankind.
Magic of the day
Commanding right and forbidding wrong in Islamic thought
The essential teachings of Islam
The so called 'cartoon crisis' that arose in the wake of the publication of twelve satirical drawings of the Prophet Muhammad has been discussed in numerous ways. So far, however, the debate has not included a deeper analysis of why the desecration of Islam's prophet ignited such a response. Contrary to the claims of Islamic dogmaticism, the attributions regarding Muhammad's properties as a human being in Islamic culture in certain ways supersedes the cult for Allah. Muhammad is perceived as the perfect human being, and everything good about humanity consequently has Muhammad at its root. The disfavouring of Muhammad therefore is the disfavouring of any Muslim and of humanity as such. The article argues that the cartoons were interpreted more than anything else as a mockery of human dignity, and that the response was in defense of that rather than of Islamic dogmaticism.
The figure of 'Mahomet' was widely known in early modern England. A grotesque version of the Prophet Muhammad, Mahomet was a product of vilification, caricature and misinformation placed at the centre of Christian conceptions of Islam. In Mythologies of the Prophet Muhammad in Early Modern English Culture Matthew Dimmock draws on an eclectic range of early modern sources - literary, historical, visual - to explore the nature and use of Mahomet in a period bounded by the beginnings of print and the early Enlightenment. This fabricated figure and his spurious biography were endlessly recycled, but also challenged and vindicated, and the tales the English told about him offer new perspectives on their sense of the world - its geographies and religions, near and far - and their place within it. This book explores the role played by Mahomet in the making of Englishness, and reflects on what this might reveal about England's present circumstances.
An introduction to Islam : Muslim beliefs and practices
Women and Islamic revival in a West African town
Christian communities in the Arab Middle East : the challenge of the future
Long Struggle for the Shari'a in Northern Nigeria
The expansion of Islam : an Arab religion in the non-Arab world
Principles of Islamic beliefs. Part 1 : Belief
Islam in a world of diverse faiths
Fundamentals of Islam
The meaning of the Holy Qur'an
God's continent : Christianity, Islam, and Europe's religious crisis
The state of muslim girls in physical activities and sport and significance of parenting in islamic perspective : (the case of Central and Southern Finland)
Islam explained
Islamic curriculum on peace and counter terrorism : for young people and students
Islam for beginners
A guide for caring Muslim patient
Islam : the straight path
Comfort zone : a novel of present day discontents
War, Religion and Empire : The Transformation of International Orders
The Arabic version of Tusi's Nasirean Ethics : with an introduction and explanatory notes
If Islam were to be established
Islam after communism : religion and politics in Central Asia
Especially loved by Allah : Muslim and LGBTQ in Istanbul
The sword of the prophet : Islam : history, theology, impact on the world
Meccan trade and the rise of Islam
Business ethics in Islam
Malala : the girl who stood up for education and changed the world
RATIONALITY OF ISLAM. - ISLAMIC SEMINARY
1000 lashes : because I say what I think
ISLAM AND SCHOOLS OF ECONOMICS - ISLAMIC SEMINARY
Key themes for the study of Islam
A modern approach to Islam
Islam in Africa : its effects - religious, ethical and social - upon the people of the country
Reason, freedom, & democracy in Islam : essential writings of ʻAbdolkarim Soroush
Islam on serving humanity
The dream in Islam : from Qur'anic tradition to Jihadist inspiration
Defeating terrorism : strategic issue analyses
Days of God : the revolution in Iran and its consequences
Muslim lives in Eastern Europe : gender, ethnicity, and the transformation of Islam in postsocialist Bulgaria
Nazi Germany and the Arab World
The Arab Middle East and Muslim Africa
The pious caliphs of Islam : Uthman (R)
A commentary on the creed of Islam : Saʻd al-Dīn al-Tāftāzānī on the creed of Najm al-Dīn al-Nasafī
Western views of Islam in the Middle Ages
Amal and the Shiʻa : struggle for the soul of Lebanon
ISLAM : A CODE OF SOCIAL LIFE.- ISLAMIC SEMINARY
The tears of dark water
Evangelical Christians in the Muslim sahel
Born on a Tuesday
The pious caliphs of Islam : Abu Bakr (R)
Inauguration day : a thriller
My house in Damascus : an inside view ot the Syrian revolution
Asian islam in the 21st century
Some to Mecca turn to pray : Islamic values and the modern world
Raif Badawi, the voice of freedom : my husband, our story
Muslims : their religious beliefs and practices. Vol. 1, The formative period
Peace, integration & human rights
While until quite recently debates in political philosophy on questions of pluralism, tolerance, and liberal governance foregrounded notions of culture and cultural difference, today it is religion that increasingly provides the historical and conceptual resources for the contemporary reassessment of the pragmatic and philosophical conditions for pluralist democracy. Drawing on a few recent writings in the field of political theology, this paper explores some of the analytical directions that this repositioning of religion within contemporary narratives of modernity has opened up within political philosophy. As I seek to demonstrate, the domain of political theology has become the problem space, where the tensions and contradictions between a simultaneous insistence on Europe's secular identity and its Christian one are being elaborated. Through a ceratin double movement, secularism and Christianity have become productively fused within the writings I address, in a way that repeats the story of European exeptionality while inscribing the essential otherness of the Muslim populations within its borders. In the second part of the paper, I want to contrast these reflections from political philosophy with debates in postcolonial Egypt around issues of religion and the possibility of democratic pluralism.
Only one life
The nativist prophets of early Islamic Iran : rural revolt and local zoroastrianism
Towards understanding Islam
Surrounded by myths and stereotypes, Islam is one of the least understood religions in the West. Interpreting Islam provides a penetrating guide to the diversity and richness of contemporary knowledge about Islam and Muslim society in general.
The beginning of the 21st century has witnessed distinctive examples of a global politicized Islam: Islamic controversies originating in the actions of non-Muslims. The most important of these has been the 'cartoon crisis', originating in the cartoons of Mohammad published by the Danish Jyllands-Posten . The article describes and analyzes the reactions of Muslims as they developed in the context of the cartoon crisis. The significance of the Islamic public sphere in understanding the crisis is discussed in theoretical terms. It is argued that the crisis demonstrated the significance of a mass effect as a prducer of global Islam, of the struggle for control of public sphere, and of the creation of counter-publics. The analysis deals with the nature of the political activity connected to the crisis. Themes discussed in the article include the politics of recognition, community victimization, the principle of collective responsibility, and processual politics.
The Asian insider : unconventional wisdom for Asian business
Outlines of Muhammadan law
If the oceans were ink : an unlikely friendship and a journey to the heart of the Quran
A brief guide to understanding Islam
Studies in Islamic mysticism
What do Muslims believe?
Maps for lost lovers
The pious caliphs of Islam : Umar (R)
"Drawing on troves of recently declassified documents captured from the Islamic State and its predecessors, counterterrorism expert Brian Fishman tells the story of this organization's complex and largely hidden past.- and what the master plan suggests about its future. Only by understanding the Islamic State's full history- and the strategy that drove it- can we understand the contradictions that may ultimately tear it apart" -- Dust jacket.
Little Warrior
Modern trends in Islam
Muslims and matriarchs : cultural resilience in Indonesia through jihad and colonialism
Knowledge, renewal and religion : repositioning and changing ideological and material circumstances among the Swahili on the East African coast
Islam in the world
The hidden origins of Islam : new research into its early history
The women's land rights movement, customary law and religion in Tanzania
Ibn Taymiyya against the Greek logicians
Islam, gender, & social change
Guests of God : pilgrimage and politics in the Islamic world
Christianity, Judaism, and Islam are usually treated as autonomous religions, but in fact across the long course of their histories the three religions have developed in interaction with one another. In Neighboring Faiths, David Nirenberg examines how Muslims, Christians, and Jews lived with and thought about each other during the Middle Ages and what the medieval past can tell us about how they do so today.           There have been countless scripture-based studies of the three "religions of the book," but Nirenberg goes beyond those to pay close attention to how the three religious neighbors loved, tolerated, massacred, and expelled each other-all in the name of God-in periods and places both long ago and far away. Nirenberg argues that the three religions need to be studied in terms of how each affected the development of the others over time, their proximity of religious and philosophical thought as well as their overlapping geographies, and how the three "neighbors" define-and continue to define-themselves and their place in terms of one another. From dangerous attractions leading to interfaith marriage; to interreligious conflicts leading to segregation, violence, and sometimes extermination; to strategies for bridging the interfaith gap through language, vocabulary, and poetry, Nirenberg aims to understand the intertwined past of the three faiths as a way for their heirs to produce the future-together.
Islamic feminism in Kuwait : the politics and paradoxes
A shared European history? : perceptions of imperialism and islam in matriculation examination essays and history textbooks
The kill list
The Intersections of Sexuality and Religion in the Anti-Interculturalist Rhetoric in Finnish Internet Discussion on Muslim Homosexuals in Amsterdam
The focus of this book is upon consciously and proactively serving those in need, be they of any colour, creed or religion. Islam admonishes those who fail to see and address the needs of the poor, weak, elderly, oppressed, orphans, widows, refugees, travelers and prisoners. All possible means of serving humanity have been highlighted by citing the example of the Holy Prophet Muhammad and that of pious members of the Muslim community; thereby directing the attention of modern-day Muslims to this crucial and forgotten asset of Islam.
A popular dictionary of Islam
An Islamic mosaic : women's identities in transition : Albanian Muslim women in the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia
The whole world knows the face of the young man with the bright black eyes. He is in the process of becoming an icon, a symbol, similar to the famous photo of Che Guevara. The face is that of Raif Badawi, who was nominated for the 2015 Nobel Peace Prize. Arrested in Saudi Arabia, he was sentenced to ten years' imprisonment and 1000 lashes - a de facto death sentence. The woman who succeeded in getting such people as Barack Obama and Prince Charles to appeal personally to the Saudi King for Badawi's release is his wife, Ensaf Haidar, who began the campaign to free her husband with a self-painted poster in front of a small church in Sherbrooke, Canada. When Raif Badawi and Ensaf Haidar fell in love with each other as adolescents, they did so in violation of every moral precept in the strictly Islamic Kingdom of Saudi Arabia. During their clandestine love affair, the young couple had no idea that, more than a decade later, Ensaf's love for Raif would attract the attention of politicians from around the world as the blogger's wife now mobilises global public opinion in an effort to save her husband from murder at the hands of the Saudi judiciary. With a courage born of desperation, she is fighting from exile in Canada to secure the release of the father of her three children, and is bringing great pressure to bear on the murderous regime in her native country. Ensaf Haidar tells Raif's and her own story: the story of their shared liberal ideas and her fight for her husband's release.
Islam: the straight path
The illustrated encyclopedia of Islam : a comprehensive guide to the history, philosophy and practice of Islam around the world. with more than 500 beautiful illustrations
Islam and gender : the religious debate in contemporary Iran
Arabia and the Arabs : from the Bronze Age to the coming of islam
Islam in focus
Islam and universal peace
The glorious Qur'ân
The supreme jihad
My way : a Muslim woman's journey
Wrongful appropriation in islamic law
This book presents a critical study of citizenship, state and globalization in societies that have been historically influenced by Islamic traditions and institutions. Interrogating the work of contemporary theorists of Islamic modernity such as Mohammed Arkoun, Abdul an-Na'im, Fatima Mernissi, Talal Asad, Saba Mahmood and Aziz Al-Azmeh, this book explores the debate on Islam, democracy and modernity, contextualized within contemporary Muslim lifeworlds. These include contemporary Turkey (following the 9/11 attacks and the onset of war in Afghanistan), multicultural France (2009–10 French burqa debate), Egypt (the 2011 Tahrir Square mass mobilizations), and India. Ali Mirsepassi and Tadd Graham Fernée critique particular counterproductive ideological conceptualizations, voicing an emerging global ethic of reconciliation. Rejecting the polarized conceptual ideals of the universal or the authentic, the authors critically reassess notions of the secular, the cosmopolitan and democracy. Raising questions that cut across the disciplines of history, anthropology, sociology and law, this study articulates a democratic politics of everyday life in modern Islamic societies.
Reflections of hearts and minds : media, opinion and identity in the Arab world
In The Tears of Dark Water, the internationally bestselling author of A Walk Across the Sun and The Garden of Burning Sand delivers an electrifying, moving novel of tragedy, vengeance and redemption set against the backdrop of a pressing contemporary political issue. When Somali pirates hijack an American sailing yacht in the Indian Ocean, a tense standoff orchestrated by top U.S. hostage negotiator Paul Derrick ends in tragedy: Skipper Daniel Parker is shot dead and his troubled son Quentin is critically wounded. The pirates are captured and extradited to stand trial in the USA. A young pirate named Ismail is identified by his cohorts as the shooter. Inquestioning him, Derrick begins to suspect there is more to his story than a zealot driven by simple, bloodthirsty anti-American extremism. But Ismail says little, fearing the truth will endanger the only person he has left in the world: His sister Yasmin.Yasmin is the youngest (and favorite) wife of a radical Islamist leader named Najiib. But Najiib also thinks she shares the rebellious spirit of her brother Ismail--who escaped soon after the siblings were kidnapped from their Mogadishu schoolhouse by Najiib's men. As his mistrust grows, Yasmin begins to plan her own escape. Derrick's sister Megan, a criminal defense lawyer, takes Ismail's case. Sharing her brother's sense that there is a mystery to unravel, she begins an investigation that traces Ismail's journey from Mogadishu to a Kenyan refugee camp to the large Somali immigrant community in Minneapolis. As the tension mounts, Ismail strikes a shocking deal with the U.S. Government that offers him a chance to save Yasmin's future.
Early islamic civilisation
Islamic Tourism as a Prosperous Phenomenon in Lapland
Mythologies of the Prophet Muhammad in Early Modern English Culture
The story of Islam
Women in the Qur'an, traditions, and interpretation
Women's status in the Muslim world : a bibliographical survey
Neither East nor West : postcolonial essays on literature, culture and religion
Pagan survivals in Mohammedan civilisation
What everyone should know about Islam and Muslims
The formation of Islam : religion and society in the Near East, 600-1800
Contending visions of the Middle East : the history and politics of Orientalism
Social functions of black Islam
Bombay Islam : the religious economy of the West Indian Ocean, 1840-1915
I am Malala : the girl who stood up for education and was shot by the Taliban
Moral perfectionism as a challenge to human rights
The natural form of man : Islam
Benchmarking Muslim well-being in Europe : reducing disparities and polarizations
The politics of Muslim cultural reform : jadidism in Central Asia
Conversion to Islam in the Balkans : Kisve bahası petitions and Ottoman social life, 1670-1730
They say we are infidels : on the run from ISIS with persecuted Christians in the Middle East
The religion of Islam
Jihad, a word popularly translated by the media as 'holy war', provides the ideological underpinnings to violent extremists, while at the same time informs the average westerner that Islam is a religion that advocates violence and barbarism. And yet the famous saying of the Prophet Muhammad, while returning from battle, 'We have returned from the lesser jihad to the greater jihad' has ensured that to the majority of Muslims around the world, jihad primarily refers to the inner struggle against base desires, and the spiritual and moral endeavour to promote human values and achieve fairness and justice in society.
Heretic :  why Islam needs a reformation now
This book considers the evolving strategic interests and foreign policy intent of the Third Reich toward the Arabic-speaking world, from Hitler's assumption of power in January 1933 to 1944, a year following the final Axis defeat in and expulsion from North Africa in May 1943. It does so within the context of two central, interconnected issues in the larger history of National Socialism and the Third Reich, namely Nazi geopolitical interests and ambitions and the regime's racial ideology and policy. This book defines the relatively limited geopolitical interests of Nazi Germany in the Middle East and North Africa within the context of its relationships with the other European great powers and its policies with regard to the Arabs and Jews who lived in those areas.
"How you were left to your fate" : the responses of two sisters to the surrounding societies in Brick Lane (2003) by Monica Ali
The Effect of Islamic Work Ethics on Work Outcomes
The first translation of this work by Ibn Taymiyya, one of the greatest thinkers of medieval Islam, the book is a critique of Greek logic, which he saw as the source of the erroneous and heretical metaphysics propounded by medieval philosophers theologians and mystics.
Religious difference and democratic pluralism : some recent debates and frameworks
Women, the recited Qur'an, and Islamic music in Indonesia
A manual of hadith
The Islamic law of nations : Shaybani's Siyar
Since the beginning of its history, Islam has encountered other religious communities both in Arabia and in the territories conquered during its  expansion. Muslims faced other religions from the position of a ruling power and were therefore able to determine the nature of that relationship in accordance with their world-view and beliefs. Yohanan Friedmann's original and erudite study examines questions of religious tolerance as they appear in the Qur'an and in the prophetic tradition, and analyses the principle that Islam is exalted above all religions, discussing the ways in which this principle was reflected in various legal pronouncements. The book also considers the various interpretations of the Qur'anic verse according to which 'No compulsion is there in religion …', noting that, despite the apparent meaning of this verse, Islamic law allowed the practice of religious coercion against Manichaeans and Arab idolaters, as well as against women and children in certain circumstances.
The religion of Islām : a comprehensive discussion of the sources, principles and practices of Islām
Looks at the extremist Sunni jihadist group and argues that they present a great danger to the United States and the world, looking at the origin of the group, its objectives, and its unlawful terrorist strategies.
The Oxford dictionary of Islam
The sound of satan: different aspects of whispering in Islamic theology
Islam : belief and practices
Progressive Muslims : on justice, gender and pluralism
An introduction to Islam
Principles of islamic beliefs. Part 2 : Cognition
The book tries to demonstrate the scientific reality of Islamic spirituality and clarify the misunderstandings and confusions about Islamic spirituality on scientific grounds. Scientific orthodoxy refers to magnetic sensitivity in human beings, electromagnetic energies that permeate our atmosphere, the flow of positive and negative ions in the atmosphere affecting human brain activity, the function of the pineal gland and many other empirical sources of transcendent experience that are yet to be investigated. This magnetic energy basis of spiritual experience, which the scientific camp has been forced into revealing, has proved to be a welcome development of modern science from the point of view of Islamic spirituality.
Islam. 3, The achievements of Islam
Secularism, gender, and the state in the Middle East : the Egyptian women's movement
The world's religions : Islam
Women the Qur'an, and Islamic Music in Contemporary Indonesia takes readers to the heart of religious musical praxis in Indonesia, home to the largest Muslim population in the world. Anne K. Rasmussen explores a rich public soundscape, where women recite the divine texts of the Qur'an and where an extraordianry diversity of Arab-influenced Islamic musical styles and genres, also performed by women, flourishes. Based on ethnographic research beginning at the end of Suharto's "New Order" and continuing into the era of "Reformation," the book considers the powerful role of music in the expression of reliogious nationalism.
Heretic : why Islam needs a reformation now
Explores how Islam can be reconciled with modernity to end terrorism, sectarian warfare and the repression of women and minorities
Islam on love and non-violence
A history of Islamic law
The world is facing a great dilemma due to despicable, inhumane and barbaric acts of terrorism, indiscriminate killings, warfare, anarchy, disorder and suicide bombings over the past two decades. It is not only destroying the peace of any specific region, group or country but has become a major threat to world peace. Young People and Students living in various western countries who do not have conceptual clarity regarding Islam are wrongly considering terrorism and indiscriminate killing to be Jihad and are being drawn towards it. By quoting the Qur'an, hadith and texts from the books of Islamic Law out of context, they influence common Muslims who are not acquainted with the true teachings of Islam, especially youngsters. There is a need to provide authentic, comprehensive material against extremism to all people, from every walk of life, according to their needs, so that the conceptual and ideological confusions which may lead to terrorism can be eliminated. The  Islamic curriculum on peace and counter-terrorism was prepared for this purpose.
The authentic self : essays in al-Fārābī and late ancient Greek philosophy
The faith of Islám
The idea of separation in self-determination and in self-definition in the Nation of Islam from the late 1950s to the early 1960s
Seeking Allah, finding Jesus : a devout Muslim encounters Christianity
The Arab region, an uncertain future
Politics, poetry, and sufism in medieval Iran
The article builds on ethnographic fieldwork within the LGBTQ (Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, Trans and Queer) milieu of Istanbul. It is based on material collected through participant observation and semi-structured interviews with people who at the same time selfidentify as practicing Muslims and have romantic and sexual relations with people of their own sex. The protagonist of the article is a pious Muslim woman who can be placed in the category of LGBTQ Muslims who do not seek coherence and are not involved in a reinterpretation of their Islamic tradition. The article explores the complex ways in which this woman handles the potential conflicts between her sex life and her religious beliefs, and points specifically to the way she supports herself on the firm belief that Allah loves and protects her.
Europe and radical islam : confrontation, accommondation or dialogue?
Ideals and realities of Islam
Contemporary Turkey in conflict : ethnicity, Islam and politics
The study of the Middle East : research and scholarship in the humanities and the social sciences : a project of the Research and Training Committee of the Middle East Studies Association
The call of the minaret
Background of the birth of Islam
The no-nonsense guide to Islam
Tolerance and Coercion in Islam : Interfaith Relations in the Muslim Tradition
Under crescent and cross : the Jews in the Middle Ages
Somali parents' experiences of bringing up children in Finland : exploring social-cultural change within migrant households
Tangential modernity : culture of higher education reform in Pakistan
Globalized Islam in Europe: the cartoon crisis as transnational politics
Poetry of the Taliban
Recent work on religion and gender in religious studies in Finland
Islam's global dimension and state : an overview of the ideas of Hassan Al-Banna, Sayyid Qutb and Hassan Al-Turab
Muslim immigrants' experiences and expectations in the Finnish health care system
In recent years Abdolkarim Soroush has emerged as one of the leading revisionist thinkers of the Muslim world. Translated into English for the first time, this book features a critical introduction by the editors and an original interview that reveals the intellectual biography of the author. It sets forth Soroush's views on such matters as the inevitablity of change in religion, the necessity of freedom of belief, and the compatibility of Islam with democracy.
The role of religion in marriage and family counselingIntroducing second language acquisition
A faith for all seasons : Islam and the challenge of the modern world
Tom Clancy and orientalism : Arabs and Muslims in the contemporary technothriller novel
Black flags : the rise of ISIS
The West and Islam : religion and political thought in world history
Neighboring Faiths : Christianity, Islam, and Judaism in the Middle Ages and Today
Literature of Somali onomastics & proverbs with comparison of foreign sayings
The church in the shadow of the mosque : Christians and Muslims in the world of Islam
Islamic curriculum on peace and counter terrorism : for clerics, imams and teachers
The lost army of Cambyses
Politics of piety : the Islamic revival and the feminist subject
Progressive muslims : on justice, gender, and pluralism
This book examines contemporary jihad as a cult of violence and power. All jihadi groups, whether Shiite or Sunni, Arab or not, are characterized by a similar bloodlust. Murawiec characterizes this belief structure as identical to that of Europe's medieval millenarians and apocalyptics, arguing that both jihadis and their European cousins shared in a Gnostic ideology: a God-given mission endowed the Elect with supernatural powers and placed them above the common law of mankind. Although the ideology of jihad is essentially Islamic, Murawiec traces the political technologies used by modern jihad to the Bolsheviks. Their doctrines of terror as a system of rule were appropriated by radical Islam through multiple lines of communication. This book brings history, anthropology, and theology to bear to understand the mind of jihad that has declared war on the West and the world.
Muslim Immigrants' Experiences And Expectations in the Finnish Healthcare System
Prejudice toward American Muslims: An integrated threat analysis
Islam : a very short introduction
The forbidden modern : civilization and veiling
Thinking about Islam
The lovers : love and vengeance in Afganistan : a true story
The task before us : Iqbal day address
The world is facing inhumane and barbaric acts of terrorism which is destroying the world peace. Angry, reactionary voices distort the peaceful message of Islam and present it as a violent ideology that calls for indiscriminate killings and suicidal terrorism. Such voices are denying the possibility of a harmonious coexistence between Muslims and non-Muslims. Under such circumstances there is an urgent need for the authentic voices of Islamic scholarship to reassert the normative, mainstream teachings of Islam. Voices backed by 1400 years of scholarship that represent the creed of the overwhelming majority of the Muslim World. The Islamic Curriculum on Peace and Counter-Terrorism aims to provide resources from the Holy Qur'an, Hadith and authoritative books to provide a comprehensive ideological and theological counter narrative. This timely collection consists of three lectures delivered by the world renowned authority, Shaykh-ul-Islam Dr. Tahir ul-Qadri who has published over 450 books and delivered over 5500 lectures to date.
Islam : an historical introduction
Islam in theory and practice
Imamate and leadership
Weapons of mass defamation : aspects of the 2006 'Cartoon Crisis'
Historical atlas of Islam
Dreams that matter : Egyptian landscapes of the imagination
Misquoting Muhammad : the challenge and choices of interpreting the Prophet's legacy
Host culture acceptance, religiosity, and the threat of Muslim immigration: An integrated threat analysis in Spain
What are international orders, how are they destroyed, and how can they be defended in the face of violent challenges? Advancing an innovative realist-constructivist account of international order, Andrew Phillips addresses each of these questions in War, Religion and Empire. Phillips argues that international orders rely equally on shared visions of the good and accepted practices of organized violence to cultivate cooperation and manage conflict between political communities. Considering medieval Christendom's collapse and the East Asian Sinosphere's destruction as primary cases, he further argues that international orders are destroyed as a result of legitimation crises punctuated by the disintegration of prevailing social imaginaries, the break-up of empires, and the rise of disruptive military innovations. He concludes by considering contemporary threats to world order, and the responses that must be taken in the coming decades if a broadly liberal international order is to survive.
Muhammad for beginners
The rise of ISIS : a threat we can't ignore
The majesty that was Islam : the Islamic world 661-1100
