http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20835 military administration
military administration
The mission : waging war and keeping peace with America's military
Military occupation under the eyes of the Lord : studies in Erfurt during the Thirty Years War
Underwater and underground bases : surprising facts the government does not want you to know!
The Park Chung Hee era : the transformation of South Korea
Myanmar : state, society, and ethnicity
North Korea : markets and military rule
A constructed peace : the making of the European settlement, 1945-1963
Warlords and coalition politics in post-Soviet states
Military leadership : critical constructivist approach to conceptualizing, modelling and measuring military leadership in the Finnish Defence Forces
The making of minjung : democracy and the politics of representation in South Korea
Abstract: The direction of change: analyzing the major challenges of strategic management inside the Finnish national defense administration.
Lanxi Daolong and the politics of purity : on the Mid-Kamakura transmission of sourthern Song chan to Japan
Denazification in Soviet-occupied Germany : Brandenburg, 1945-1948
Unconstitutional changes of government in Africa : what implications for democratic consolidation?
Sociology
This Discussion Paper is based on a conceptual and analytical reading of cases of unconstitutional change of government in Africa. It provides a deep and up-to-date exploration of the prospects for democratic consolidation on the continent against the backdrop of an upsurge in unconstitutional changes of government. Rather than focus only on the internal threats to democracy in Africa, the author also analyses the role of neighbouring states, regional organisations and hegemonic forces within the international community in advancing or limiting democracy. In this regard, this work sheds light on why the pursuit of the liberal democratic project in Africa has so far appeared to alienate ordinary people, while providing space for dominant elites to tamper with democratic institutions and processes, which then work against popular participation and democratic development. This paper is essential reading for scholars, policy practitioners, analysts and all those with an interest in the prospects for democracy in Africa.
Summary.
Civilian administration in the occupied West Bank : analysis of Israeli military government order No. 947
The role of presidential advisory systems in US foreign policy-making : the case of the National Security Council and Vietnam, 1953-1961
The American legal system : the administration of justice in the United States by judicial, administrative, military, and arbitral tribunals
Ethnicity and military rule in Uganda : a study of ethnicity as a political factor in Uganda, based on a discussion of political anthropology and the application of its results
Introduction to hospitality
As commander of Joint Special Operations Command (JSOC), General Stanley McChrystal played a crucial role in the War on Terror. But when he took the helm in 2004, America was losing that war badly: despite vastly inferior resources and technology, Al Qaeda was outmaneuvering America's most elite warriors. McChrystal came to realize that today's faster, more interdependent world had overwhelmed the conventional, top-down hierarchy of the U.S. military. Al Qaeda had seen the future: a decentralized network that could move quickly and strike ruthlessly. To defeat such an enemy, JSOC would have to discard a century of management wisdom, and pivot from a pursuit of mechanical efficiency to organic adaptability. Under McChrystal's leadership, JSOC remade itself, in the midst of a grueling war, into something entirely new: a network that combined robust centralized communication with decentralized managerial authority. As a result, they beat back Al Qaeda. In this book, McChrystal shows not only how the military made that transition, but also how similar shifts are possible in all organizations, from large companies to startups to charities to governments. In a turbulent world, the best organizations think and act like a team of teams, embracing small groups that combine the freedom to experiment with a relentless drive to share what they've learned. Drawing on a wealth of evidence from his military career, the private sector, and sources as diverse as hospital emergency rooms and NASA's space program, McChrystal frames the existential challenge facing today's organizations, and proposes a compelling, effective solution.
The commander : a life of Barclay de Tolly
Themes, character, and politics in Plutarch's Life of Lucullus : the construction of a Roman aristocrat
Civilian-military cooperation in crisis management operations
Chilean agriculture under military rule : from reform to reaction, 1973-1980
"The breakup of the U.S.S.R. was unexpected and unexpectedly peaceful. Though a third of the new states fell prey to violent civil conflict, anarchy on the post-Soviet periphery, when it occurred, was quickly cauterized. This book argues that this outcome had nothing to do with security guarantees by Russia or the United Nations and everything to do with local innovation by ruthless warlords, who competed and colluded in a high-risk coalition formation game. Drawing on a structured comparison of Georgian and Tajik militia members, the book combines rich comparative data with formal modeling, treating the post-Soviet space as an extraordinary laboratory to observe the limits of great powers' efforts to shape domestic institutions in weak states"--
The man on horseback : the role of the military in politics
An introduction to African politics
Strategic management in a military organization : analyzing the management of change in Finnish Defence Forces
The little school : tales of disappearance and survival in Argentina
White House special handbook : how to rule the world in the 21st century
The military revolution and political change : origins of democracy and autocracy in early modern Europe
His own man
The age of the Arctic : hot conflicts and cold realities
The Commanders
Governing the military : professional autonomy in the Chinese People's Liberation Army
Team of teams : new rules of engagement for a complex world
Political change in Myanmar : filtering the murky waters of "disciplined democracy"
