http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2085 sports teams
sports teams
Arsenal player by player : five decades of player profiles
Personal Branding of Elite Football Players through Social Media
Transporting swimmers to temporary training places : how much money and time can be saved and emissions reduced by combining transportation
The boys of Icehearts and the 'Hood : a perspective on the everyday realities of growing up in a disadvantaged neighbourhood in Finland
The business of sports : text and cases on strategy and management
A season with Verona : travels around Italy in search of illusion, national character and... goals!
Playing for pizza
Finnish Team : The games of the XXIX Olympiad Beijing 2008.
Scorecasting : the hidden influences behind how sports are played and games are won
World soccer : e-lehti
Development Plan for Kuopion Palloseura
The Psychology of coaching team sports : a self-help guide
FC Barcelona : a tactictal analysis defending a team from another planet
Abstract.
Finnish team : the Games of the XXX Olympiad London 2012
Richer than god : Manchester City, modern football and growing up
Grant Fuhr : the story of a hockey legend
Team Finland : FIS Nordic World Ski Championships Sapporo 2007.
The cheerleading book : includes cheers, charts and jumps!
Complexity and control in team sports : dialectics in contesting human systems
Finnish team : the XVII Olympic Winter Games Lillehammer 1994
Liverpool captains : a journey of leadership from the pitch
Four four two : e-lehti
Coaching wisdom : champion coaches and their players share successful leadership principles
The mighty dynamo
United
The official illustrated history of Arsenal 1886-2004
Tokyo '91 : team Finland
Team Finland media guide '94
Manchester United : greatest ever matches
The official Manchester United illustrated encyclopedia
Madden NFL 17 : PlayStation 4
Total training for coaching team sports : a self-help guide
Red : my autobiography
Team Finland media guide : 5th World Championships in Athletics 1995.
All the way : my life on ice
Liverpool football annual 2001
Wearing the "C" : leadership secrets from hockey's greatest captains
Tunnel of love : football, fighting & failure : Newcastle United after the entertainers
The story of football
Athlete leadership behavior : how it relates to perceived team cohesion and players' satisfaction in elite sport teams
Liverpool in Europe
Sport psychology : a self-help guide
Sports sponsorship co-operation in Kuopio Business Area
Get ready to become an epic football expert! ...with top stats on teams, tournaments, trophies and more! Includes legends of the game, incredible goal-scorers, great female stars, major moments in football history and a handy guide to the rules.
UEFA Euro 2016 France : the official book
Sports and identity : case study Czech Republic and ice hockey
On the road : an inside view of life with an NHL team
Team psychology in sports : theory and practice
Liverpool! : the comic strip history
Acceptance and value -based psychological coaching intervention for elite female floorball players
Behavior regulations and motives to participate in physical activity of Finnish team sports athletes
Shred
Championship team building : what every coach needs to know to build a motivated, committed & cohesive team
The unquiet ones : a history of Pakistan cricket
Legacy : 15 lessons in leadership : what the All Blacks can teach us about the business of life
El clásico : Barcelona v Real Madrid: football's greatest rivalry
Literature reviews in sport psychology : Sheldon Hanton and Stephen Mellalieu, editors
Bertie Mee : Arsenal's officer and gentleman
Football Team Tracker System – A Web Application with Agile De-velopment Methodology
The official Liverpool FC : illustrated history
NBA 2K15 : PlayStation 3
Annual review of football finance. Turn on, tune in, turnover
Don't call me goon : a tribute to hockey's great enforcers, bad boys, and gunslingers
The psychology of team sports
Strength and conditioning for team sports : sport-specific physical preparation for high performance
Finnish team : the XXI Olympic Winter Games Vancouver 2010
Self-efficacy in sport
The official FA guide to psychology for football
NHL 17 : PlayStation 4
The goaltenders' union : hockey's greatest puckstoppers, acrobats, and flakes
Manchester United in Europe : tragedy, destiny, history
Football brands
When the game stands tall
Ultimate cheerleading
Epic football expert
Collective collapse and performance contagion in basketball
Team sports marketing
Coaches' guide to team policies
English national identity and football fan culture : who are ya?
The miracle of Castel di Sangro
Barça : the making of the greatest team in the world
Fear and loathing in La Liga : Barcelona vs Real Madrid
The shooting star
Speed and style : the Montreal Candiens
The economics and politics of sports facilities
FC Barcelona : a tactical analysis attaking a team from another planet
Widely acknowledged as the best hockey book ever written and lauded by Sports Illustrated as one of the Top 10 Sports Books of All Time, The Game is a reflective and thought-provoking look at a life in hockey. Ken Dryden, the former Montreal Canadiens goalie and former president of the Toronto Maple Leafs, captures the essence of the sport and what it means to all hockey fans. He gives vivid and affectionate portraits of the characters--Guy Lafleur, Larry Robinson, Guy Lapointe, Serge Savard, and coach Scotty Bowman among them--who made the Canadiens of the 1970s one of the greatest hockey teams in history. But beyond that, Dryden reflects on life on the road, in the spotlight, and on the ice, offering a rare inside look at the game of hockey and an incredible personal memoir. This commemorative edition marks the 30th anniversary of the book's original publication, and it includes a new foreword by Bill Simmons, new photography, and a new chapter, "The Game Goes On." Take a journey to the heart and soul of the game with this timeless hockey classic.
Changes in Liikunnan Riemu's football team's cohesion during EUSA Games in Rotterdam
Highbury : the story of Arsenal in n.5
Football and management : comparisons between sport and enterprise
One of the most eagerly anticipated events on the sports calendar, the 15th edition of the UEFA European Championship will take place between June 10 and July 10 2016 in France, when, for the first time ever, 24 teams will fight it out for the most prestigious international prize in the European game. This book covers every aspect of the tournament, from how the bid was won and an overview of the venues to be used to an assessment of how the teams got there, a comprehensive analysis of their chances of success, a full breakdown of players expected to grab the headlines and a thorough examination of the event’s fascinating history (including biographies of the leading players of the tournament). Packed full of facts and statistics and beautifully illustrated with a superb collection of photographs, this book is suitable for fans of all ages and is the perfect accompaniment to the year's biggest soccer event.
Clinical sports medicine
Team Finland media guide : World Championships 1993 Stuttgart 13-22 August
Four four two : Helsinki
World soccer : Helsinki
World's craziest football matches
Wearing the C : leadership secrets from hockey's greatest captains
The Toon : a complete history of Newcastle United Football Club
We love to hate each other : mediated football fan culture
The trade : 25 years since Wayne Gretzky left
NBA 2K15 : PlayStation 4
The game
The economic theory of professional team sports : an analytical treatment
It seemed as though nothing could stop Jordin Tootoo on the ice. The captain of Canada's Under-18, a fan favourite on the World Junior squad, and a WHL top prospect who could intimidate both goalies and enforcers, he was always a leader. And when Tootoo was drafted by Nashville in 2000 and made the Predators out of camp in 2003, he became a leader in another way: the first player of Inuk descent to suit up in the NHL. ALL THE WAY tells the story of someone who has travelled far from home to realize a dream, someone who has known glory and cheering crowds, but also the demons of despair.
The Seven secrets of successful coaches : how to unlock and unleash your team's full potential
The official illustrated history of Manchester United : the full story and complete record 1878-2010
Champions magazine : Helsinki
The complete encyclopedia of basketball
Player contracts as assets
Underdogs : the unlikely story of football's first FA Cup heroes
Teambuilding : the road to the success
The sport psychologist's handbook : a guide for sport-specific performance enhancement
Strength and Conditioning for Team Sports is designed to help trainers and coaches to devise more effective high-performance training programs for team sports. This remains the only evidence-based study of sport-specific practice to focus on team sports and features all-new chapters covering neuromuscular training, injury prevention and specific injury risks for different team sports. Fully revised and updated throughout, the new edition also includes over two hundred new references from the current research literature. The book introduces the core science underpinning different facets of physical preparation, covering all aspects of training prescription and the key components of any degree-level strength and conditioning course, including: physiological and performance testing strength training metabolic conditioning power training agility and speed development training for core stability training periodisation training for injury prevention Bridging the traditional gap between sports science research and practice, each chapter features guidelines for evidence-based best practice as well as recommendations for approaches to physical preparation to meet the specific needs of team sports players. This new edition also includes an appendix that provides detailed examples of training programmes for a range of team sports.
Ajax training sessions
Football record breakers : goal scorers! Trophy winners! Football legends!
Tiivistelmä: Transporting swimmers to temporary training places : how much money and time can be saved and emissions reduced by combining transportation.
Olympic Team Finland : the XXII Olympic Winter Games, Sochi 2014
Four four two : Espoo
Premier league : a history in 10 matches
Barça : the illustrated history of FC Barcelona
Leading teams : tools and techniques for successful team leadership from the sports world
