http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20813 difficulties
difficulties
Group music activities for adults with intellectual and developmental disabilities
Finland's financial system is, by structure, vulnerable to risks associated with lending for house purchase. Housing loan volumes are large relative to other lending by banks and requirements on banks' own funds. The fact that household debt levels have increased and that housing wealth constitutes a large proportion of household assets also increases the vulnerabilities. In addition, covered bonds secured by housing loans play a significant role in bank funding and investment. However, the increase in vulnerabilities has largely levelled off in the 2010s..
From abortion to pederasty : addressing difficult topics in the classics classroom
Perception and learning of Finnish quantity : study in children with reading disabilities and familial risk for dyslexia and Russian second-language learners
Obstruction event severity in diagnostics of sleep apnea
Septuagint vocabulary : pre-history, usage, reception
Music therapy with adults with learning disabilities
The man in a hurry / Paul Morand ; translated from the French by Euan Cameron
From difficult teachers... to dynamic teams
Communication and swallowing in Parkinson disease
Assisting students struggling with mathematics : Response to Intervention (RtI) for elementary and middle schools
Auditory-visual matching in learning disabilities : intervention studies from Finland and Sweden
Dyslexia and learning style : a practitioner's handbook
Accumulation of disparity in physical activity in old age
Entrepreneurship is a highly desired option for employment nowadays. Many hope to find superior living standard, independence, realization and job security through the entrepreneurial path. In some cases, self-employment is the only option available in order to maintain sustainability. (Eiyebholoria, 2012) However, numerous barriers are encountered on the path to success and entrepreneurship barriers can vary from one place to another. Furthermore, regardless the increase in entrepreneurship among immigrants in the past decades, various authors have acknowledged that barriers to entrepreneurship faced by immigrants attempting to establish and running a business in the country of settlement are greater. Additionally, often these barriers are not clearly known by the policy makers of the host society. For that reason, this research was conducted with the objective to understand and investigate the type of barriers that were encountered by immigrant entrepreneurs in the city of Turku. In this study, the literature review was formed based on a number of reliable academic sources concerning entrepreneurs, entrepreneurship barriers and immigrants. The first part of the literature review consists of a description of entrepreneur and immigrant entrepreneurs. The second part offers a general overview of the entrepreneurship barriers that are often confronted by immigrants. The primary data was collected by using an online survey, which was designed with close-ended and open-ended questions related to entrepreneurship barriers, open-ended questions were intentionally implemented to allow respondents to express themselves freely. The questionnaire was sent to several immigrant entrepreneurs registered in Turku local business support and services agency database.After analyzing the research empirical data collected through the survey, it was confirmed that immigrants encountered quite few barriers to entrepreneurship in the city of Turku. The major barriers were caused by the insufficient connection with the local community formal network. Recommendations based on primary data analysis and several new questions for further research were implemented at the end of this document.
Room service: a memoir
Perinatal regulation of lung liquid absorption in pulmonary adaptation in newborn infants
Macroprudential supervision racing to keep pace with market developments
The use of context in pragmatic language comprehension in normally developing children and children with Asperger syndrome/high-functioning autism : an application of relevance theory
Early prediction of reading : phonological awareness and related language and cognitive skills in children with a familial risk for dyslexia
Wheezing in early childhood : predictive factors for asthma in the 11-year follow-up
Work orientation and follow-up : Case company ABC Vaasa
What is it that makes some children bully and some become victims? What can you do if despite your best efforts, a child keeps on taunting another? What steps can you take before communicating with parents and what will you say? The practice of bullying endures in all schools today. Despite the implementation of bullying policies, parents and staff can be equally perplexed: not really understanding what they have or haven't done to allow it to happen. Christine Macintyre explores this highly emotive topic, asking why as many as one in 12 school children are bullying victims, and will show in a highly practical way, what can be done to support the children and help staff improve their own practice. This book will provide help and guidance on: enhancing the self-esteem of the affected children, showing how new-found confidence will enable children to offset the effects of being bullied or indeed being a bully; how to tell parents their child is bullying or being bullied, and how to build up a meaningful and mutually supportive relationship with them; and, creating a learning environment that prevents the desire for children to bully. Based on case studies giving first hand accounts of real-life situations, and evaluations of strategies that have been tried and tested, this book suggests fresh and inspiring ways of tackling a problem faced by many practitioners today.
Researching resilience
The prolonged recession in the Finnish economy has been directly reflected in the public finances, which have posted a deficit for 6 years already. In 2017, the public debt will rise to over 68% of GDP, which is more than double the level recorded in 2008. Given that the longer-term outlook for Finnish economic growth is poor due to the prolonged recession, a dwindling working-age population and industrial restructuring, the upward trend in public debt is disquieting..
Impossible to please : how to deal with perfectionist coworkers, controlling spouses and other incredibly critical people
Tax and other incentives for start-ups in some European countries
Observing children with attachment difficulties in preschool settings : a tool for identifying and supporting emotional and social difficulties
Augmentative & alternative communication : supporting children and adults with complex communication needs
Augmentative and alternative communication : supporting children and adults with complex communication needs
Late-life functional capacity and health among Finnish war veterans:Veteran Project 1992 and 2004 surveys
AAC Strategies for Individuals with Moderate to Severe Disabilities
Campari for breakfast
Symptoms of depression in elderly : a comparative study on people aged 65 years and above living in an old age home and in their own home in Nepal
Estimation of genetic parameters and genetic change for stillbirth in Iranian Holstein cows : a comparison between linear and threshold models
David and Goliath : underdogs, misfits, and the art of battling giants
Pace of debt growth disquieting
Cortical thickness analysis in early diagnostics of Alzheimer's disease
Genetic background of spontaneous preterm birth and lung diseases in preterm infants:studies of potential susceptibility genes and polymorphisms
" What are today's best interventions for supporting language acquisition and literacy for children who are deaf or hard of hearing (D/HH)? This comprehensive textbook-and-DVD set brings the answers to life for tomorrow's speech-language pathologists, audiologists, and educators. The newest addition to the respected Communication and Language Intervention (CLI) series, this important volume enlisted more than a dozen experts to present evidence-based intervention approaches, spanning the critical early years of language development through the complex reading and writing challenges of the school years. Chapters cover a continuum of available communication approaches--from auditory-focused to visually-focused to simultaneous use of speech and sign--while encouraging the use of individualized interventions to meet each child's needs. To prepare professionals for decades of effective, evidence-based practice, the included video clips demonstrate how to implement assessments and interventions and work successfully with children and families. CUTTING-EDGE INFORMATION ON audiological assessments and technological interventions for children principles and practices for family-centered early intervention understanding, supporting, and coaching families assessments to identify intervention priorities Theory of Mind auditory-verbal therapy and phonological interventions sign language and sign systems use of the internet to deliver intervention services elements of supportive early education environments approaches for optimizing reading and writing skills strategies for promoting social and academic success in integrated classrooms and much more "--
"This volume had its origins in a very specific situation: the teaching of ancient texts dealing with rape. Ensuing discussions among a group of scholars expanded outwards from this to other sensitive areas. Ancient sources raise a variety of issues-slavery, infanticide, abortion, rape, pederasty, domestic violence, death, sexuality-that may be difficult to discuss in a classroom where some students will have had experiences similar to those described in classical texts. They may therefore be reluctant to speak in class, and even the reading themselves may be painful. From Abortion to Pederasty: Addressing Difficult Topics in the Classics Classroom, edited by Nancy Sorkin Rabinowitz and Fiona McHardy, is committed to the proposition that it is important to continue to teach texts that raise these issues, not to avoid them. In this volume, classicists and ancient historians from around the world address how to teach such topics as rape, pederasty, and slavery in the classics classroom. The contributors present the concrete ways in which they themselves have approached such issues in their course planning and in their responses to students' needs. A main objective of From Abortion to Pederasty is to combat arguments, from both the left and the right, that the classics are elitist and irrelevant. Indeed, they are so relevant, and so challenging, as to be painful at times. Another objective is to show how Greco-Roman culture and history can provide a way into a discussion that might have been difficult or even traumatic in other settings. Thus it will provide teaching tools for dealing with uncomfortable topics in the classroom, including homophobia and racism"--
In a prolonged environment of exceptionally low interest rates, the authorities are responsible for ensuring the adequate monitoring of potential vulnerabilities due to low interest rates. Before measures to manage risks can be implemented, the risks must first be identified. Owing to continuous market developments, there is a strong need to update the analysis conducted by the authorities..
Special educational needs in the early years
Social traps and the problem of trust
The significance of surfactant protein gene polymorphisms in multifactorial infantile pulmonary diseases
Automatic assessment of assignments in mathematics and computing science by adaptive testing.
Entwined with you : a crossfire novel
"This comprehensive text provides guidance on current evidence-based approaches to the promotion of speech and language development in children birth through school age who are deaf or hard of hearing. Due to advanced screening and intervention options (e.g., cochlear implants), this population's needs and abilities are constantly changing and require flexibility and individualization of treatment, with a continued focus on families' preferences. This edited volume in the Communication and Language Intervention (CLI) series consists of 15 chapters, addressing a range of topics including audiological interventions, sign language and other visual modalities, auditory-verbal therapy, supporting and coaching families, phonological and pre-literacy interventions, technology, and interventions to support literacy, writing, and speech. The book also includes a DVD with video clips demonstrating the strategies covered in the intervention chapters (chapters 2, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, and 11)"--
Encyclopedia on early childhood development
The obscure logic of the heart
Childlessness and the skewed regional sex ratios in Finland
Vocal cord dysfunction, exercise-induced asthma and voice problems among athletes
Entwined with you
Assessment of Learners with Dyslexic-Type Difficulties
Dealing with difficulties : solutions, strategies and suggestions for successful teaching
Children's and adolescents' achievement strategies, school adjustment and family environment
Of the various factors of uncertainty surrounding the international economic outlook at the present time, a substantial proportion relates to policy choices. Much expectation focuses on US economic policy in the immediate years ahead, but so far no details are known. Meanwhile, the United Kingdom's new arrangements in respect of its international economic relations remain undecided, while the UK Government's detailed objectives are not entirely clear. Politically motivated uncertainties regarding the economic outlook are also to be found elsewhere in Europe and beyond..
Household debt - how much is too much?
Literacy skills, mathematical skills and educational expectations among Finnish adolescents
Educating children with AD/HD : a teacher's nanual
Beliefs about second language acquisition held by dysphatic students
The munitions girls
Low-educated second language and literacy acquisition : proceedings of the 8th symposium
The cry of the sloth : the mostly tragic story of Andewn Whitaker being his collected, final, and absolutely complete writings
The girls from Corona Del Mar
Promoting language and literacy in children who are deaf or hard of hearing
The continuity of learning disabilities : a follow-up study of nine young women with the history of dyslexia
Monetary policy will continue to support price stability and growth
Self-concept of children in special and regular education
Broke, USA : from pawnshops to Poverty, Inc. : how the working poor became big business
Rising indebtedness increases risks in China
The outside lands
Sanhaeng = A walk in the mountains
Early mathematics interventions: supporting young children with low performance in mathematics
Radio's digital dilemma : broadcasting in the twenty-first century
The effects of the Government's economic policy programme are assessed separately in this alternative scenario, as the programme is not included in the baseline forecast. The consolidation measures, if carried through, will markedly strengthen the public finances. On account of the measures, growth in the general government debt to GDP ratio will come to a halt in 2019. The effects on economic growth essentially depend on whether cost-competitiveness can also be improved. Despite the consolidation measures, the general government debt ratio resumes growth over the longer term..
Treatment of cerebral palsy and motor delay
Foreign language learning difficulties and learning strategies : four cases
Development in reading and reading related skills : a follow-up study from pre-school to the fourth grade
Essential for professionals in school settings, this book helps readers establish a beginning functional communicative repertoire for learners with severe disabilities. Professionals will start with an in-depth intervention framework, including a guide to AAC modes and technologies, variables to consider when selecting AAC, and how AAC research can be used to support practice. Then they'll get explicit, evidence-based instructional strategies they'll use to help children and young adults initiate, maintain, and terminate an interaction.
The trends of the early post-millennium years - a larger average loan size and longer loan repayment periods - have permanently increased household vulnerability to debt-related risks in Finland. Household indebtedness embraces another four features that amplify the risks to the economy: the debt level is high relative to GDP, risks are unevenly distributed, loans are tied to variable interest rates and, in part, loans are large relative to the collateral provided. The stabilisation of debt developments in the 2010s has been positive for financial stability..
Out of sheer rage : in the shadow of D. H. Lawrence
The obstacle is the way : the ancient art of turning adversity to advantage
How to deal with difficult people : smart tactics for overcoming the problem people in your life
Data on stillbirth from the Animal Breeding Center of Iran collected from January 1990 to December 2007 and comprising 668810 Holstein calving events from 2506 herds were analyzed. Linear and threshold animal and sire models were used to estimate genetic parameters and genetic trends for stillbirth in the first, second, and third parities. Mean incidence of stillbirth decreased from first to third parities: 23.7%, 22.1%, and 21.8%, respectively. Phenotypic rates of stillbirth decreased from 1993 to 1998, for first, second and third calvings, and then increased from 1998 to 2007 for the first three parities. Direct heritability estimates of stillbirth for parities 1, 2 and 3 ranged from 2.2 to 8.7%, 0.6 to 5.1% and 0.1 to 3.8%, respectively, and maternal heritability estimates of stillbirth for parities 1, 2 and 3 ranged from 1.4 to 6.3%, 0.5 to 4.2% and 0.08 to 2.0%, respectively, using linear and threshold animal models. The threshold sire model estimates of heritabilities for stillbirth in this study were 0.021 to 0.071, while the linear sire model estimates of heritabilities for stillbirth in the current study were from 0.003 to 0.021 over the parities. There was a slightly increasing genetic trend for stillbirth rate in parities 1 and 2 over time with the analysis of linear animal and linear sire models. There was a significant decreasing genetic trend for stillbirth rate in parity 1 and 3 over time with the analysis of threshold animal and threshold sire models, but the genetic trend for stillbirth rate in parity 2 with these models of analysis was significantly positive. The low estimates of heritability obtained in this study implied that much of the improvement in stillbirth could be attained by improvement of production environment rather than genetic selection.
The barriers encountered by immigrant entrepreneurs in the city of Turku
Intensive interventions for students struggling in reading and mathematics : a practise guide
Civvy Street
The envelope manufacturer
Activating housing environment for people with learning disabilities. : From the perspective of Lyhty's service users and their families
F*ck feelings : less obsessing, more living*
Epidemiological and genetic study of respiratory distress syndrome in preterm infants:specific aspects of twin and multiple births
Takaisin pelissä : Trouble with the curve
EU-Russian border security : challenges, (mis)perceptions, and responses
Better under pressure : how great leaders bring out the best in themselves and others
Development of event-related potentials (ERPS) in infants and preschool children with and without familial risk for dyslexia
Narrative language in typically developing children, children with specific language impairment and children with autism spectrum disorder
Children's understanding of disability
Supporting Urgent Basic Reading Skills in Children in Africa and Around the World
This timely book provides a reflective analysis of person centred planning for people with learning disabilities, complementing policy initiatives that focus on individualised planning and service user involvement. Drawing on practical experience and research findings, the contributors explore policy and practice issues, including: advocacy and empowerment; risk management and adult protection; inter-agency and inter-professional working; ethnicity and culture; de-institutionalisation. Vivid case studies illustrate best practice in person centred planning, and the authors offer a rich variety.
Passing your weak subjects : you are much better than you think!
The altogether unexpected disappearance of Atticus Craftsman
Systems approach to management of disasters : methods and applications
Major trauma in Northern Finland
Numerical magnitude representation in developmental dyscalculia : behavioural and brain imaging studies
David and Goliath : underdogs, misfits and the art of battling giants
This comprehensive guide enables teachers to understand a range of approaches to the assessment of children with dyslexic-type difficulties. Linking theory, research and practice, practitioners will gain critical knowledge of procedures to analyse, interpret and use in appropriate assessments which will facilitate setting targets for teaching. The book covers: - how to use both informal and formal assessment procedures - frameworks for evaluating published and teacher-made assessments - the professional development needs of any teacher involved in assessment Ideal for those training to be specialist teachers of learners with dyslexia, this text is equally useful to all teachers and SENCOS (Special Educational Needs Co-ordinators) and complements the authors' book Teaching Literacy to Learners with Dyslexia to provide comprehensive guidance for assessing and teaching learners with dyslexic-type difficulties. Sylvia Phillips is an experienced Special Educational Needs educator, and currently leads Glyndwr University's specialist course for teachers of learners with dyslexia.
Consolidation measures strengthen public finances
Harmony & discord  : the real life of Johann Sebastian Bach
Dissent and the failure of leadership
The total amount of public and private debt in China has increased rapidly since the financial crisis. The country's debt-to-GDP ratio has already reached the level seen in many advanced economies. The rapid rise in debt in many countries has led to financial sector problems and to a marked slowing of economic growth. Sustainable management of the economy in China would require a slowdown in the debt build-up. There are no indications of this as yet. Curbing debt accumulation would require China's readiness to accept lower growth targets..
Uniforming a Testing Environment of a Mobile Device
Hospital mortality of intensive care patients in Finland : insights into prognostic factors and measuring outcomes
Proinflammatory cytokines modify the expression of surfactant proteins:study in perinatal rabbit lung
Does training in syllable recognition improve reading speed? A computer-based trial with poor readers from second and third grade.
Preparation process for the Chinese customs : China Compulsory certificate
Bullying and young children : understanding the issues and tackling the problem
Neuropsychology for occupational therapists : cognition in occupational performance
A whole life
The world was all before them
Regional divergence is a strong feature of the Finnish housing market and household debt. House prices are higher in growth centres than in the rest of the country, and households in growth centres also have more housing debt both in absolute terms and relative to their income. In the long term, the mutually reinforcing cycles and vulnerabilities in housing and credit markets could turn out to be detrimental to financial stability and the macroeconomy..
The nanny goat's kid
The one plus one
Learning and attention disorders in adolescence and adulthood : assessment and treatment
Putrescine accumulation in mouse central nervous system : neuroprotection at the expense of learning deficiency
Difficult mothers : understanding and overcoming their power
One country, many housing markets
Person centred planning and care management with people with learning disabilities
Handbook of response to intervention : the science and practice of assessment and intervention
High housing debt increases risks to financial stability
Parents' causal attributions concerning their children's academic achievement
F*ck feelings : one shrink's practical advice for managing all life's impossible problems
How to plan ahead for hard times in business
Too small to fail
Joint custody with a jerk : raising a child with an uncooperative ex = a hands-on, practical quide to communicating with a difficult ex-spouse
Taking early action may be key to helping students struggling with mathematics. The eight recommendations in this guide are designed to help teachers, principals, and administrators use Response to Intervention for the early detection, prevention, and support of students struggling with mathematics.
Girl in translation
