http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20837 transition assistance
transition assistance
Modern societal impulses and their nordic manifestations : on emancipation and constraint in societal development
Climate change as a security risk
Reshaping welfare institutions in China and the Nordic countries
Current status of agriculture and future challenges in Sudan
Climate vulnerability : understanding and addressing threats to essential resources. Vol. 2, Vulnerability of food resources to climate
Introduction to information systems
With cloud computing quickly becoming a standard in today's IT environments, many security experts are raising concerns regarding security and privacy in outsourced cloud environments-requiring a change in how we evaluate risk and protect information, processes, and people. Managing Risk and Security in Outsourcing IT Services: Onshore, Offshore and the Cloud explains how to address the security risks that can arise from outsourcing or adopting cloud technology. Providing you with an understanding of the fundamentals, it supplies authoritative guidance and examples.
Getting by in postsocialist Romania : labor, the body, & working-class culture
The end of the welfare state? : responses to state retrenchment
Postcommunist welfare states : reform politics in Russia and Eastern Europe
Environmental security : approaches and issues
Designs for alienation : exploring diverse realities
Labour flexibility : a factor of the economic and social performance of Finland in the 1990s
The social crisis in the Russian Federation
Unintended convergence : how Finnish unemployment reached the European level
Environmental politics : scale and power
Private security companies and political order in Congo : a history of extraversion
Europe in the global age
The industries of the future
Russia lost or found? : patterns and trajectories
Restructuration of the welfare state : productivity and effectiveness of social services : research plan
Time and poverty in western welfare states ; Lutz Leisering, Stephan Leibfried
The impact of welfare reform : balancing safety nets and behavior modification
Dependency culture : the culture of a myth
Social security and welfare : concepts and comparisons
Industrial society and social welfare : the impact of industrialization on the supply and organisation of social welfare servies in the United States
Social work and civil society from an international perspective
Rural food system change in Tanzania during the post-ujamaa era : a case study from western Bagamoyo district
Food & society : principles and paradoxes
"In 2050, the population in all the Nile Basin countries is expected to be ten times higher than it was in 1950. This will put ever increasing pressure on water as a resource for development. The Nile Basin catchment area is shared by 11 countries covering about one-tenth of the African continent. Globally, around 70 per cent of fresh water consumption is used in agriculture. This puts the spotlight on future scenarios regarding food production: will there be enough water for food security in the Nile Basin countries? In this Current African Issues publication, water scarcity and food security are analysed from a range of perspectives. What are the future predictions regarding population increase and climate change, and how will these affect development in Nile Basin countries? What are the current water theories addressing the above issues, and what are the main challenges the Nile Basin countries will face in a context that is also strongly shaped by its history?" --Publisher's description.
Restructuring in Europe 2008 : a review of EU action to anticipate and manage employment change
Social work and social security in a changing society : festschrift for prof. Pauli Niemelä
The broad tracks of path dependent benefit reforms : a longitudinal study of social benefit reforms in three European countries, 1980-2006
Displacement of social policies
To each one's due : at the borderline of work : toward a theoretical framework for economic, social and cultural rights
Climate Resilient Agriculture for Ensuring Food Security comprehensively deals with important aspects of climate resilient agriculture for food security using adaptation and mitigation measures. Climatic changes and increasing climatic variability are likely to aggravate the problem of future food security by exerting pressure on agriculture. For the past few decades, the gaseous composition of the earth's atmosphere has been undergoing significant changes, largely through increased emissions from the energy, industry and agriculture sectors; widespread deforestation as well as fast changes in land use and land management practices. Agriculture and food systems must improve and ensure food security, and to do so they need to adapt to climate change and natural resource pressures, and contribute to mitigating climate change. Climate-resilient agriculture contributes to sustainably increasing agricultural productivity and incomes, adapting and building resilience to climate change and reducing and/or eliminating greenhouse gas emissions where possible. The information on climate resilient agriculture for ensuring food security is widely scattered. There is currently no other book that comprehensively and exclusively deals with the above aspects of agriculture and focuses on ensuring food security. This volume is divided into fourteen chapters, which include the Introduction, Causes of Climate Change, Agriculture as a Source of Greenhouse Gases, Impacts of Climate Change on Agriculture, Regional Impacts on Climate Change, Impacts on Crop Protection, Impacts on Insect and Mite Pests, Impacts on Plant Pathogens, Impacts on Nematode Pests, Impacts on Weeds, Impacts on Integrated Pest Management, Climate Change Adaptation, Climate Change Mitigation, and A Road Map Ahead. The book is extensively illustrated with excellent photographs, which enhance the quality of publication. It is clearly written, using easy-to-understand language. It also provides adoptable recommendations involving eco-friendly adaptation and mitigation measures. This book will be of immense value to the scientific community involved in teaching, research and extension activities. The material can also be used for teaching post-graduate courses. It will also serve as a very useful reference source for policy makers.
The role of food banks in food security in Uganda : the case of the hunger project food bank, Mbale Epicentre
Social work practices : contemporary perspectives on change
Report of the Inception Workshop of the FAO Extrabudgetary Programme on Fisheries and Aquaculture for Poverty Alleviation and Food Security : Rome, 27-30, October 2009.
Facing the challenges of climate change and food security : the role of research, extension and communication for development
Urbanisation and long-lasting civil wars and conflict mean that the demographic pattern in Sudan is changing drastically. Nevertheless, 60%-80 % of Sudanese engage in subsistence agriculture. Agriculture remains a crucial sector in the economy as a major source of rawmaterials, food and foreign exchange. It employs the majority of the labour force, and serves as a potential vehicle for diversifyingthe economy. However, no rigorous studies have explained productivity in this sector inrelation to food security. The situation has worsened because agriculture in particular has been neglected since the advent of oil production in the early 2000s. Moreover, Sudan's agricultural growth has been unbalanced, with the majority of irrigated agriculture concentrated in the Centre and a huge disparity in development indicators between the best- and worst-performing regions. Thus, studies show that the vast majority of Sudanese are reported to be food insecure, especially internally displaced persons and in conflict regions such as Darfur, Kordofan and other regions.
Early retirement policy in the presence of competing exit pathways : evidence form policy reformers in Finland
Into the twenty-first century : the development of social security
Abstract: The poor in diaconal work.
Flexicurity : implications for lifelong career guidance
Climate resilient agriculture for ensuring food security
Economic change, social welfare and health in Europe
The forgotten dimension : a case study of Chinese female rural-urban migrants and the social security system in the context of modernization
Climate change and food systems resilience in Sub-Saharan Africa
Security in changing organizations
To each one's due at the borderline of work : toward a theoretical framework for economic, social and cultural rights
Business information systems : technology, development and management for the E-business
Family policies in the context of family change : the Nordic countries in comparative perspective
Cases and materials on social justice : professionals, communities, and law
This book answers the question: 'What's next?' The Internet had a world-changing impact on businesses and the global community over the twenty years from 1994 to 2014. In the next ten years, change will happen even faster. As Hillary Clinton's Senior Advisor for Innovation, Alec Ross travelled nearly a million miles to forty-one countries, the equivalent of two round-trips to the moon. From refugee camps in the Congo and Syrian war zones, to visiting the world's most powerful people in business and government, Ross's travels amounted to a four-year masterclass in the changing nature of innovation. In The Industries of the Future, Ross distils his observations on the forces that are changing the world. He highlights the best opportunities for progress and explains how countries thrive or sputter. Ross examines the specific fields that will most shape our economic future over the next ten years, including robotics, artificial intelligence, the commercialization of genomics, cybercrime and the impact of digital technology. Blending storytelling and economic analysis, he answers questions on how we will need to adapt.
Sustaining life : how human health depends on biodiversity
Water scarcity and food security along the Nile : politics, population increase and climate change
Elements of ecological economics
Restructuring the welfare state : political institutions and policy change
In search of biohappiness : biodiversity and food, health and livelihood security
Social policy in transition societies : experience from the Baltic countries and Russia
Food security
Introduction to the International Treaty on Plant Genetic Resources for Food and Agriculture
Summary and policy conclusions (s. 9-16).
The securatisation of migration : towards an understanding of migration policy changes in the 1990s : the case of Sweden
States and strangers : refugees and displacements of statecraft
The welfare state in crisis : social thought and social change
Coping with a changing climate : considerations for adaptation and mitigation in agriculture
Food security and global environmental change
Diversity among welfare states : comparative studies on welfare state adjustment in Nordic countries
Five hundred million children : poverty and child welfare in the third world
Global food futures : feeding the world in 2050
The Europeanisation of social protection
Summary.
Environment and society : human perspectives on environmental issues
Experiences of climate change adaptation in Africa
Cyber security culture : counteracting cyber threats through organizational learning and training
The impact of climate change and bioenergy on nutrition
The forgotten dimension : a case study of chinese female rural-urban migrants and the social security system in the context of modernization
Rule of law : political and legal systems in transition
Essays on gender issues, food security, and technology adoption in East Africa
Managing risk and security in outsourcing IT services : onshore, offshore and the cloud
Social change, social welfare and social science ; Peter Taylor-Gooby
From carbon source to sink : managing agriculture for climate change mitigation and food production in Ethiopia
Has globalization gone too far?
Global restructuring and land rights in Ghana : forest food chains, timber and rural livelihoods
Labor markets and social security : wage costs, social security financing and labor market reforms in Europe
Social modernization in two states of the European periphery
The healer
Inuvialuit food security : country foods, challenges and the role of human security
Business information systems : technology, development and management
Ageing in East Asia : challenges and policies for the twenty-first century
China's challenges to human security : foreign relations and global implications
Social change and non-contributory social security in Finland
Paradise lost? : the Nordic welfare states and the recession 1975-1985
Climate change and food security : adapting agriculture to a warmer world
Democracy and the Rule of Law in China is intended to make debates among prominent Chinese intellectuals and academics over issues of political, constitutional, and legal reform; modes of governance in urban and rural China; and culture and cultural policy available to English-language readers. The writers included in this book are individuals whose views have drawn some attention in the formulation of party and government policy, including the editor, Yu Keping, a prominent party intellectual and vice-director of the Central Compilation and Translation Bureau. --Book Jacket.
Social networks and everyday practices in Russia
Democracy and the rule of law in China
Users' information systems (IS) security behavior in different contexts
A generation of change, a lifetime of difference? : British social policy since 1979
The political economy of pensions : political support and scope for reform
Reforming social policy : a study on institutional change in Finland during the 1990s
Governance, equity, and global markets : the Annual Bank Conference on Development Economics, Europe
