http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2081 Sunnism
Sunnism
The rise of Islamic state : ISIS and the new Sunni revolution
"Out of the failures of Iraq and Afghanistan, the Arab Spring and Syria, a new threat emerges. While Al Qaeda is weakened, new jihadi movements, especially ISIS, are starting to emerge. In military operations in June 2014 they were far more successful than Al Qaeda ever were, taking territory that reaches across borders and includes the city of Mosul. The reports of their military coordination and brutality are chilling. While they call for the formation of a new caliphate once again the West becomes a target. How could things have gone so badly wrong? In THE RISE OF ISLAMIC STATE, Cockburn analyzes the reasons for the unfolding of US and the West's greatest foreign policy debacle and the impact that it has on the war-torn and volatile Middle East"--
"This book investigates the manner in which the Qur®an and sunna depict female personalities in their narrative literature. Providing a comprehensive study of all the female personalities mentioned in the Qur®an, the book is selective in the personalities of the sunna, examining the three prominent women of Ahl al-Bayt; Khadija, Fatima, and Zaynab. Analysing the major sources of Imami Shi°i Islam, including the exegetical compilations of the eminent Shi°i religious authorities of the classical and modern periods, as well as the authoritative books of Shi°i traditions, this book finds that the varieties of female personalities are portrayed as human beings on different stages of the spiritual spectrum. They display feminine qualities, which are often viewed positively and are sometimes commendable traits for men, at least as far as the spiritual domain is concerned. The theory, particularly regarding women's humanity, is then tested against the depiction of womanhood in the hadith literature, with special emphasis on Nahj al-Balagha. Contributing a fresh perspective on classical materials, this book will be of interest to students and scholars of Islamic Studies, Women's Studies and Shi°i Studies"--
Religion and state in Syria : the Sunni Ulama from coup to revolution
The dynamics of Sunni-Shia relationships : doctrine, transnationalism, intellectuals and the media
Sahaba "The Blessed"
Islamic ecumenism in the 20th century : the Azhar and Shiism between rapprochement and restraint
Sectarian gulf : Bahrain, Saudi Arabia, and the Arab Spring that wasn't
The wahhabis seen through European eyes (1772-1830) : deists and puritans of islam
Religion and mysticism in early Islam : theology and Sufism in Yemen
Modern Islamic political thought : the response of the Shī'ī and Sunnī Muslims to the twentieth century
Sectarian identities or geopolitics? : the regional Shia-Sunni divide in the Middle East
The canonization of al-Bukhārī and Muslim : the formation and function of the Sunnī ḥadīth canon
The lovers : love and vengeance in Afganistan : a true story
The Sunna and Shi'a in history : division and ecumenism in the Muslim Middle East
An introduction to the Ḥadīth
"This book affords an entirely new perspective on Syria as it stands at the crossroads of political, social and religious fragmentation"--
And then we work for God : rural Sunni Islam in western Turkey
Rethinking tradition in modern Islamic thought
The Sunni path
The development of early Sunnite hadith criticism : the Taqdima of Ibn Abī Ḥātim al-Rāzī (240/854-327/938)
Female personalities in the Qur'an and Sunna : examining the major sources of Imami Shi'i Islam
Islamic reform and conservatism : Al-Azhar and the evolution of modern Sunni Islam
"While Syria has been dominated since the 1960s by a determinedly secular regime, the uprising that began there in 2011 has raised many questions about the role of Islam in the country's politics. This book, which is based on the author's extensive fieldwork in Syria's mosques and schools and on interviews with local Muslim scholars, is the first comprehensive study of the country's little-known religious scene and its most influential actors, the ulama. It demonstrates that with the eradication of the Muslim Brothers after the failed insurrection of 1982, Sunni men of religion became the only voice of the Islamic trend in the country. Through educational programs, the establishment of charitable foundations, and their deft handling of tribal and merchant networks, they took advantage of popular disaffection with secular ideologies to increase their influence over society. In recent years, with the Islamic resurgence, the Alawi-dominated Ba'athist regime was compelled to bring the clergy into the political fold. This ambiguous relationship was exposed in 2011 by the division of the Sunni clergy between regime supporters, bystanders, and opponents. This book affords an entirely new perspective on Syrian society as it stands at the crossroads of political and social fragmentation"--
