http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20824 commerce of housing
commerce of housing
Completion
Topics in spatial econometrics : with applications to house prices
China's real estate industry and its consumers' buying behavour
International property investments : articles on market selection and effects on local markets
Asuntojen hinnat 2007 = House prices
The objective of the study was to gather information of China's real estate market and local consumer's buying behaviour linked with residential properties in Nanjing. The purpose is to help foreign investors to develop a better understanding of Chinese consumer and its real estate market. The findings will answer the research questions: what is the investment climate of China's real estate market like? And what are the characteristics of consumer's behaviour on purchasing residential properties in Nanjing, China? The theoretical framework is based on the combination of three theories which are PESTE, Five Forces Industry Analysis and Consumer's Buying Behaviour. PESTE analysis gives a general picture of investment climate related to real estate in China. Five forces industry analysis presents close and detailed information of the China's real estate industry. And Consumer's buying behaviour model focuses on the buying decision-making process of consumers, especially the criteria and factors that influence it. The research methodology used was mainly quantitative, primary data was collected by qualitative interviews and a questionnaire. 80 questionnaires were collected and analysed. Secondary data was mainly collected from books, internet web pages and research reports.     The findings show that China's investment climate is positive and China's real estate market has a great potential for development. Price, type, structure, design, location of housing are the main influences on potential buyer's decision making process. Foreign investors need to have suitable marketing strategy based on good knowledge of the current industry situation and major factors which can give great influences on consumer's buying behaviour, in order to cater to targeted buyer's needs and desires for residential properties.  The study suggests foreign investors to 'touch the stone while crossing rive'. It is important for foreign investors to know the trend of the market and understand Chinese consumers' needs and desires for their future residential properties. Investors need to bear in mind to build up and keep a good relationship with suppliers and Chinese authorities within the real estate industry. In addition, in order to enhance investors' competitiveness in terms of penetrating China's real estate market, to establish a good reputation and to have a continuously close monitoring action on the major player's performance are key issues.
Build a new life : by creating your dream home
The housing bubble and consumer buying behavior - A research in Vietnamese residential market
Guidebook for Finnish buyers purchasing holiday real estate in Thailand
Is housing overvalued in the Helsinki metropolitan area?
Home staging that works : [sell your home in less time for more money]
Housing portfolio diversification potentials in the Helsinki Metropolitan Area in the short and long horizon
Segregation : the rising costs for America
Adding value to your home
Suomen tilastollinen vuosikirja 2003 = Statistisk årsbok för Finland 2003 = Statistical yearbook of Finland 2003.. 2003 : 98. vuosikerta = årgång 98 = volume 98
Other people's money : inside the housing crisis and the demise of the greatest real estate deal ever made
Studies on housing price dynamics
Sustainable competitive advantage through resource allocations in operational strategies in housing business : case company
Basics of working and living in Finland
How to buy your own house in Finland : a practical guide for newcomers
Asuntojen hinnat 2004 = House prices
On the role of public price information in housing markets
Renovating for profit : add value to your property with this definitive guide
International property investments - articles on market selection and effects on local markets
Stop! : there's a snake in your suitcase!
Urban property market and land law in Finland
Sell your home with feng shui : a complete guide to staging homes for quick sale in any market
Urban housing prices and the demand for housing characteristics : a study on housing prices and the willingness to pay for housing characteristics and local public goods in the Helsinki Metropolitan Area
Asuntojen hinnat 2005 = House prices
The UK Housing Market: Study of Why and to What Extent Was the UK Housing Market Over-Valued and Was There a Bubble Present in the Beginning of the 21st Century.
Urban economics and real estate : theory and policy
The Blackwell companion to the economics of housing : the housing wealth of nations
Stop! : there's a snake in your suitcase
