http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20814 Bologna process
Bologna process
Historical and political analysis of the Bologna Process and its relation to the development of the European higher education area and policy, and UNESCO's documents
Tuning educational structures in Europe. 2, Universities' contribution to the Bologna Process
The state of the Bologna process : the emerging Europan quality assurence bureaucracy
Tuning educational structures in Europe : a guide to formulating degree programme profiles including programme competences and programme learning outcomes
European integration processes and their impact on European higher education : the Bologna process and Armenia
A picture of radiography education across Europe
European higher education at the crossroads : between the Bologna process and national reforms. Part 2
Quality handbook of higher education in Finland and Russia
Trends in learning structures in higher education (II) : follow-up report prepared for the Salamanca and Prague Conferences of March/May 2001
Quality on the move : discursive construction of higher education policy from the perspective of quality
"With all the spices, please!" : a study of the students in the Finnish study programmes using Finnish as their second language
Posodobitev pedagoških študijskih programov v mednarodnem kontekstu = Modernization of study programmes in teachers' education in an international context
Creating the European area of higher education : voices from the periphery
This book analyses higher education from cultural perspectives and also to reflect on the uses of intellectual devices developed in the cultural studies of higher education over the last decades. The first part of the book presents fresh perspectives to integrate cultural studies in higher education with wider societal processes. Professor William G. Tierney speaks about trust and culture in higher education, whereas Professor Imanol Ordorika opens a political perspective to higher education institutions. The second part of the book studies the internal life of higher education. Relying on a variety of cultural perspectives, the chapters explore the actual day-to-day practices taking place in higher education, ranging from student socialisation, student consumerism, tensions in combining academic and market-oriented targets in knowledge production to the formation of academic identities in different disciplinary and organisational cultures. The focus in the third part of the book is to use cultural perspectives developed in previous studies on disciplinary and organisational cultures as a framework to understand a variety of processes and reforms taking place at the institutional level of high education. The chapters in this part of the book analyse the Bologna Process, the evolution of scientific fields in American universities, organisational cultures in Chinese post-merger universities, and doctoral education and cooperation with industry.
Universities' contribution to the Bologna process : an introduction
The European higher education area in 2012 : Bologna Process implementation report
Higher education policy convergence and the Bologna process : a cross-national study
Institutional Autonomy and the Attractiveness of the European Higher Education Area   Facts or Tokenistic Discourse?
Focus on higher education in Europe 2010 : the impact of the Bologna process
Orthodox tradition and the 21st century : experiences of the past, realities of today, challenges of tomorrow
Bologna Conference Student mobility in the European higher education area 2010 : Conference report : March 17th - 18th, 2005, Bad Honnef, Germany
The Bologna process in science and mathematics higher education in North-Eastern Europe : tendencies, perspectives and problems
Focus on the structure of higher education in Europe 2006/07 : national trends in the Bologna process
The Finnish Network for International Programmes (FINNIPS) joins the majority of the Finnish Universities of Applied Sciences (UAS) together in cooperation over the development of international education in Finland. The main task of the network is to arrange the entrance exams to the UASs’ English-taught degree programmes in a selection of countries outside Finland. However, along with the various development activities conducted within the network since its establishment at the end of 2009, the role of FINNIPS can be seen to stretch beyond the entry stage of studies. The network’s second publication is a cross-section of the various themes and on-going discussions that shape and affect the role and functions of international degree programmes in Finnish UASs. The topics regarding the quality and economic impact of education as well as the employment and social integration of the foreign higher education students are addressed in the articles of this publication. The wide array of themes dealt with in the articles contributes to the quest to acknowledge the various dimensions and effects of international education in Finland. Furthermore, the publication seeks to address the most topical questions and map the current challenges related to international UAS education and, at the same time, offer tools and accounts of best practices with regard to the further development of it.
English in Finland : a case study of globalization's impact on higher education
The European higher education area in 2015 : Bologna Process implementation report
Higher education in Europe 2009 : developments in the Bologna Process
Rethinking the university after Bologna : new concepts and practices beyond tradition and the market
The role of students in higher education : the experience of the University of Vaasa as an example of the possibilities and problems of stronger student activity as a means of implementing the Bologna process at Russian universities
Changing practice by reform : the recontextualisation of the Bologna process in teacher education
Employability and mobility of bachelor graduates in Europe : key results of the Bologna Process
European higher education policy and the social dimension : a comparative study of the Bologna process
Recognition in the Bologna process : policy development and the road to good practice
The future of Finnish higher education challenged by global competitive horizons
"The Bologna Process has significantly shaped recent higher education policies across Europe, but the area of the social dimension has so far been neglected. Drawing on a cross-country case study (Finland, Germany and Turkey), this book examines the major Bologna reforms, in particular the social dimension, and whether this aspect has successfully been incorporated into policy. Discussing key themes, actors, goals, policies and agendas and setting out recommendations, this book examines the social dimension as a component of the Bologna Process"--
Finnish summary.
The Bologna process on the ground : experiences of Nordic-Baltic-Russian cooperation in higher education
Modernisation of higher education in Europe : funding and the social dimension 2011
Curricula for class teachers and for subject teachers - core elements of the studies in education
Purpose    To establish an understanding of radiography education across Europe by surveying higher education institutions registered as affiliate members of the European Federation of Radiography Societies (EFRS).    Method    An online survey was developed to ascertain data on: curricula, duration, credit load, accreditation requirements, staff qualifications, staff and student exchange opportunities, and availability of postgraduate programmes. Responses were identifiable in terms of educational institution and country. All 46 affiliated educational institutions were invited to participate in the survey. Descriptive and thematic analyses are reported.    Results    A response rate of 89.1% (n = 41) was achieved from educational institutions representing 21 countries. The majority of institutions (63.4%) offer a combined Medical Imaging, Radiotherapy and Nuclear Medicine programme; dedicated Medical Imaging programmes are offered by 14 institutions (34.2%); dedicated Radiotherapy programme by one institution (2.4%), and a dedicated Nuclear Medicine programme by only three institutions (6.5%). The Bologna (Bachelor) cycle has been adopted by 90.2% of responding institutions. The majority of institutions (53.7%) indicated programmes of 3 years in duration, others stated 3.5–4 years. Only 14.6% of institutions require 'International Level' accreditation for the Bachelors radiography programme. Postgraduate programmes were not offered by 26.8% of institutions and a deficit in Doctoral status for radiography educators was identified.    Conclusions    The Bologna (Bachelor) cycle for radiography education has been adopted across the majority of institutions, however, full alignment remains a priority. Postgraduate radiography education opportunities across Europe appear to be insufficient and further investigation of radiography accreditation processes is justified to ensure harmonisation of practice.
Unaccomplished utopia : neoconservative dismantling of public higher education in the European Union
Bologna process at the University of Helsinki : policies for the Bachelor's and Master's degree programmes
Focus on the structure of higher education in Europe 2003/2004 : national trends in the Bologna process
Evaluation of the Bologna Process implementation in Finland
Forestry education between science and practice : proceedings of the Silva-IUFRO Symposium heldt at Wageningen University, Wageningen, April 6th-9th 2005
Exploring the impact and full potential of international education : questions of competitiveness, employment and integration
University level English students' motivation, expectations and future plans in 2008 : life after the renewal of the entrance examination and the Bologna process
Perspectives and limitations of Finnish higher forestry education in a unifying Europe
Who is the European? : a new global player?
Tuning educational structures in Europe : final report, phase one
Quality assurance and curriculum development in forestry and agriculture related sciences : proceedings of the Silva Conference held at the Polytechnical University of Valencia, Valencia, November 2nd-5th 2006
Bologna Conference on "Student mobility in the European higher education area 2010" : 17/18 March 2005, Bad Honnef, Germany
Constructively aligned military education and training in the times of the European Bologna Process
Military education in the age of the Bologna process
Higher education systems : conceptual frameworks, comparative perspectives, empirical findings
The Bologna process and Finnish universities of applied sciences : participation of Finnish universities of applied sciences in the European higher education area : the final report of the project
ESP in European higher education : integrating language and content
Evaluation of the Bologna process implementation in Finland
Research-based teacher education in Finland : reflections by Finnish teacher educators
European higher education at the crossroads : between the Bologna process and national reforms. Part 1
"Bologna" - features of good practice in teacher education at University of Helsinki, Faculty of Behavioural Sciences
Bologna process reforming and harmonizing degrees
Cultural perspectives on higher education
EU higher education law : the Bologna process and harmonization by stealth
Polytechnics: here comes the future!
The Bologna Process in higher education in Europe : key indicators on the social dimension and mobility
"Education systems in Europe have been undergoing profound changes within the last few years. New actors, procedures, and arenas of policymaking have emerged which strongly affect today's education systems. Although traditionally assumed to be a genuinely 'national' policy field, international initiatives and programmes - among the most prominent ones being the PISA study for secondary education and the Bologna Process for higher education - have triggered fundamental reforms in many countries. This book focuses on educational outcomes and actors' reactions on internationalization. Including quantitative evaluation of a large set of OECD countries as well as seven qualitative case studies (Germany, France, England, Spain, Switzerland, USA, and China), Internationalization of Education Policy provides timely insights into a dynamic and highly contested policy field"--
Spatialisation of higher education : Poland and Slovenia
A periphery extending into Europe? : a study of the politics of education within higher education reform in Georgia
The Finnish Network for International Programmes (FINNIPS) joins the majority of the Finnish Universities of Applied Sciences (UAS) and their English-taught degree programmes together in cooperation on entrance examinations and in broader terms, on development of international education in Finland. The network’s second publication is a cross-section of the various themes and on-going discussions that shape and affect the role and functions of international degree programmes in Finnish UASs. The topics regarding the quality and economic impact of education as well as the employment and social integration of the foreign higher education students are addressed from various angles in the articles. Overall, the publication seeks to address the most topical questions and map the current challenges related to international UAS education and, at the same time, offer tools and accounts of best practices with regard to the further development of it.
Internationalization of education policy : a new constellation of statehood in education?
The Bologna process : harmonizing Europe's higher education, including the essential original texts
Practicing the Bologna process : the CBU joint teaching program for master's degree in international relations at Petrozavods state university
