http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20885 apparatuses
apparatuses
Firmware implementation for the EVTEK-51 development platform
The Role of the Feasibility Study in Business Development : Case: ZAO Sibirit-3
Biomass to energy and chemicals : HighBio2 project publication
Boilers for power and process
WCDMA BTS architecture and functionality
Web security : a whitehat perspective
Introduction to information systems
In this thesis different turn up devices have been studied and compared. The target was to gain a comprehensive view from turn up devices and their function. Also, the target was to gain awareness as to what kind of things must be considered when designing a new turn up device. At the same time, the suitability of different turn up devices to different paper and board grades was classified. The factors affecting the choice of turn up device were analyzed. Because of a lack of written literature available, the primary method of studying the topic was decided to be learning by doing. The major part of information published in this thesis is based on conversations and interviews conducted with reeler operators, other mill personnel and experts on this field. There is a lot of information that is based on my own cogitation and observation that was made when studying technical drawings available, principle drawings and on mill visits, studying turn up machines when in use. The results gained from thesis gives quite good view about what kind of turn up devices there is available nowadays and what kind of device is suitable for each paper or board grade. For light weight papers the pocket blow turn up, the blade turn up and goose neck turn up are suitable turn up methods. For heavy paper and board grades the tape turn up and more and more popular water jet turn up methods are suitable. Water jet turn up is suitable for a large variety of grammages. The only difference is the way the paper or board tail is picked up to wrap around the new reel spool. This thesis work contains confidential background material.
Audio wiring guide : how to wire the most popular audio and video connectors
Comparison of turn-up methods
Boundary identification in the domain of a parabolic partial differential equation
The technology of video and audio streaming
The aim of this thesis was to introduce the current technology that can be used in the virtual reality in education and research at Oulu University of Applied Sciences and explain the construction process of the 3D virtual laboratory to Oulu UAS. The secondary goal was to explain the basic elements that are needed in order to create content in virtual environment and give the basic knowledge for the faculty and students of Oulu UAS of the virtual reality possibilities and equipment that are in use at Oulu UAS. In this thesis some of the various aspects of a virtual reality hardware and software are analysed in a relation to human senses and the human factors affecting it are explained, since the basic understanding of some aspects of the human physiological and psychological characteristics is required in order to comprehend the virtual reality technology implementation requirements in both the software and hardware. The sources used in this thesis were selected with the criteria how relevant they were in relation to each subject under consideration. The majority of the chosen sources are commonly distinguished and sources without a proper scientific background were avoided as much as possible. In conclusion the results of the construction of Oulu UAS 3D virtual laboratory and the proposals how maintain and improve the competence for the virtual reality use at Oulu UAS are presented.
Video interface card for an HMI device
Hacking the Xbox : an introduction to reverse engineering
The purpose of this thesis project was to improve the business activities of Johnson Electronics Nigeria Limited.      Johnson Electronics Nigeria Limited is a Nigerian electronics store. The store has four stores one of them being the head office with a warehouse to keep the excess products. The stores sell different varieties of electronics and electrical products, such as pressing irons, videos, speakers, air conditioner and computers among others.      Presently, the keeping of records in the stores is done manually so there are some problems associated with that since there are no automated systems in use. Coordinating the activities of all stores and the head office warehouse are difficult without a proper system, hence there is need to have a working system that would make the coordination easy and effective.     Within this thesis project, an automated cash management system was created to replace the manual one. The analysis of the present state was done by using the following business engineering methods: the object oriented method and the entity structure analysis.    There is a sales assistant in every store handling the sales activities; a stock keeper taking care of each store's warehouse activities; and a branch accountant heading each store and reporting to the chief accountant. Hence there is need to phase out the stock keepers and branch accountants who make the present system cumbersome.     This thesis project was important to facilitate and improve the sales and stock management system of the Johnson Electronics Nigeria Limited.  The improved system will make recording of sales activities (cash event) and stock activities (stock event) more orderly. There will be easy access to data when needed. The manager and the accountant will be able to make decisions quickly based on easily retrievable facts.
Choosing a supplier for test management software
Process description and specifictation for heavy fuel oil treatment system
"This book introduces nearly all aspects of web security. It reveals how hackers work and explains why companies of different scale should choose their own methodology of security. With in depth analysis of the reasons behind the choices, the book covers client script security, server applications security, and Internet company security operations. It also includes coverage of browser security, cross sites script attacks, click jacking, HTML5/PHP security, injection attacks, authentication, session management, access control, web frame security, DDOS, leaks, Internet transactions security, security development lifecycle, and security operations. "--
Modeling and control of vibration in mechanical systems
Sammandrag - Abstract in Swedish.
Computer organization and design : the hardware/software interface
Managing the testing process : practical tools and techniques for managing hardware and software testing
Municipal Solid Waste Incineration For Accra Brewery Limited (Ghana)
Instruments : repair, overhaul, testing, and calibration of aircraft and aero-engine instruments; adjustments, installation, and compensation of compasses in aircraft
Oracle on WMware : from laptons to production
Designing the internet of things
Get started on your Mac
CSC news : High performance computing and networking in Finland
International symposium on mine warfare vessels and systems 2, London 8, 9, 10 May 1989 : vol. 1.
International symposium on mine warfare vessels and systems 2, London 8, 9, 10 May 1989 : vol. 2.
Computer architecture : from microprocessors to supercomputers
Vuorovaikutteisten järjestelmien käyttäjäkeskeinen suunnitteluprosessi : standardi = Human-centred design processes for interactive systems
Boiler control systems engineering
Overall equipment effectiveness : a powerful production/maintenance tool for increased profits
Sécurité fonctionelle : systèmes instrumentés de sécurité pour le secteur des industries de transformation = Functional safety : instrumented systems for the process industry sector. Partie = Part 1, Cadre, définitions, excigences pour le système, le matériel et le logiciel = Framework, definitions, system, hardware and software requirements
Visuals for information : research and practice
Information systems technology
The Adlard Coles Book of Diesel Engines, previously published as The RYA Book of Diesel Engines, is aimed at boatowners rather than experienced mechanics. In clear jargon-free English it explains how a diesel engine works, and how to look after it, and takes into account new developments in engine technology. Based on the RYA's one-day Diesel Engine course, Tim Bartlett explains how the engine uses simple processes to convert fuel to power, and then looks at the various sub-systems that allow those processes to take place. He also takes a look at tools, winterizing and provides hints, tips and fault-finding tables.
Power plant control system : hardware design
The innovation handbook: how to profit from your ideas, intellectual property and market knowledge
Dictionary of audio-visual terms
ARM system developer's guide : designing and optimizing system software
Troubleshooting process plant control
Upgrading and repairing PCs
High-quality audio formats
Computer graphics with OpenGL
Hardware design and testing in a Bluetooth project
Industrial steam systems : fundamentals and best practices
Process steam systems : a practical guide for operators, maintainers, and designers
The story of Dipteria : a computer work station to enhance group work in the office
"Preface In mid-2010, Zhang Chunyu asked me if I could write a book on cloud computing. While the concept of cloud computing is very popular, there is not enough written material on how to handle this. Though I have kept myself up to date with this technology, I declined Zhang's request as the prospects in the field were not clear and instead wrote this book on web security. My Road of Security My interest in security developed when I was a student, after I got a book on hacking with no ISBN from the black market. The book had a teaching course on coolfire, which intrigued me. Ever since, I have been hooked to hacking and have taken much interest in practicing the techniques covered in these types of books. In 2000, I joined Xi'an Jiaotong University. Fortunately for me, the computer room at the university was open even after school hours. Though the price of online browsing was high, I invested most of my living expenses in the computer room. In return, I was gaining more knowledge in this field. With the momentum gained at university, I soon got my first computer with the help of my parents. This only helped to increase my interest in the field. In a short while, I collaborated with my friends to set up a technical organization called ph4nt0m.org, named after my favorite comic character. Though the organization did not last long, it helped groom top talents through communication forums that it initiated. This was the proudest achievement in the 20 years of my life. Due to the openness of the Internet and the advances in technology, I have witnessed nearly all the developments in Internet security in the last decade. During the first five years, I witnessed the technology in penetrating tests, cache overflow, and web hacking; for the next five years"--
InvoDane Engineering is an engineering consulting company that specializes in providing engineering services for oil, gas and water pipeline industries. This engineering thesis was commissioned by the company and it is a development project for pump unit with water hydraulics. The pump unit is a hydraulic power pack whose main components are a pressure pump and a vacuum pump. The purpose of the pump unit is to actuate a cylinder piston and power the hydraulics onboard the piston. The hydraulic system is used when inserting a water inspection tool into a water pipeline and extracting it from the pipeline. The objectives of the work were to do a feasibility study of an electrically driven system, reduce system weight and improve flow rate capacity at high pressure. The enhancements were to be demonstrated and tested by assembling a prototype pump unit. Improvement suggestions for shipping characteristics and system filtration were also to be presented. The system was tested and test results confirmed that electric motor can run the pump and replace the gas engine in the original system under the circumstances it was tested in. Based merely on the tests performed, it is not yet possible to reduce weight and ease the use of the unit by excluding the vacuum pump from the system. Improved hose and valve arrangement in the test setup proofed itself to be a good base to start developing the functionality of the hydraulics further.  Next step in developing the pump unit would be to test the setup in real insertion and extraction situations with cylinder piston and decide on future enhancements based on the results.
Implementation of common cost estimation tool in KRP division : Andritz Oy, KRP Division, Varkaus
Case studies in human information behaviour in smart urban spaces
The planning of testing equipment.
Boat mechanical systems handbook : how to design, install, and evaluate mechanical systems in boats
Events management : an integrated and practical approach
Hardware/firmware interface design : best practices for improving embedded systems development
Mass and heat transfer : analysis of mass contactors and heat exchangers
OS X El Capitan: the missing manual : the book that should have been in the box
The principles of computer hardware
Build your own computer
Unique problem-and-solution approach for quickly mastering a broad range of calculations This book's problem-and-solution approach enables readers to quickly grasp the fundamentals of air pollution control equipment and essential applications. Moreover, the author sets forth solid principles for the design and selection of air pollution control equipment as well as for its efficient operation and maintenance. Readers gain a deep understanding of both the equipment itself and the many factors affecting performance.  Following two introductory chapters, the book dedicates four chapters to examining control equipment for gaseous pollutants, including adsorption, absorption, and incineration equipment. The remaining six chapters deal with equipment for managing airborne particulate pollutants, including gravity settlers, cyclones, electrostatic precipitators, scrubbers, and baghouses. The appendix contains discussions of hybrid systems, the SI system (including conversion constants), and a cost-equipment model.  Each chapter offers a short introduction to the control device discussed. Next, progressively more difficult problems with accompanying solutions enable readers to build their knowledge as they advance through the chapter. Problems reflect the most recent developments in pollution control and include a variety of performance equations and operation and maintenance calculations. Each problem includes a statement of the problem, the data used to solve the problem, and a detailed solution. Readers may further hone their skills by visiting the text's Web site for additional problems and solutions.  This publication serves both as a textbook for engineering students and as a reference for engineers and technicians who need to ensure that air pollution control equipment operates efficiently and enables their facility to meet all air pollution control standards and regulations.
Steam boiler technology
Pipeline extraction for VLSI data path synthesis
Building the perfect PC
Introduction to information systems : enabling and transforming business
Heavy Fuel Oil (HFO) is widely used to produce electricity with boiler plants or diesel power plants. Other common applications of heavy fuel oil are boilers and blast furnaces in industry. HFO is used also in the pulp and paper industry. Shipping is using one third of all HFO to power up typically larger marine vessels. Economical optimization in operations is one of today's trends in the industry; the price of used energy starts to be the major issue. Due to that, heavy fuel oil is still very appealing and competitive solution as a fuel. The problem with the HFO use is to ensure the correct treatment of it. The functions of the fuel oil treatment system are to clean fuel oil and supply it for engines at required pressure and viscosity. The system also ensures the correct fuel oil flow over the engines. The purpose of the thesis was to describe the system and to introduce one kind of treatment system. Wärtsilä Finland Training Services owns a fuel oil treatment system which is intended for medium-speed diesel engines, which use either heavy fuel oil or light fuel oil. The primary use of the system is to provide a safe training environment for Wärtsilä's own maintenance and operating personnel and also for customers from power plants and ship installations. The treatment system is a somewhat old and therefore the documentation of the system is insufficient. Due to this the use of the system for training purposes is difficult and unsafe. The main goal of the thesis is to create an updated system description, a speciation and an operating instruction for the system to improve the explained situation. As a result of the thesis, documentation of the system was created, which explains the operations of the HFO treatment system, processes and components. There are lots of different types of heavy fuel oil treatment systems in the field. The topic was limited to focus on the heavy fuel oil treatment system made for training purposes of Wärtsilä Training Services. The updated HFO treatment system description includes and explains all equipment placed in the current system. The PI diagram of the HFO treatment system is also now updated. This enables the safe use of the equipment. Generally this thesis project also increased awareness and knowledge of the fuel oil treatment system among the training department, which is beneficial for coming training courses in the future.
Written at the technologist level, this book focuses on instruments essential to the practice of nuclear medicine. Covering everything from Geiger counters to positron emission tomography systems, this text provides students with an understanding of the practical aspects of these instruments and their uses in nuclear medicine.
Using Mac OS X Snow Leopard
Process equipment malfunctions : techniques to identify and correct plant problems
Applications for the SPIN model checker : a survey
Technical guidelines for virtual classroom arrangements
Requirement engineering process for cash management system : case study: Johnson Electronics Nigeria Limited
Virtual Reality Technology and its implementations at Oulu University of Applied Sciences : construction of 3D virtual laboratory
Comparative study of commercial master mixes in bacterial quantification
Computer architecture : a quantitative approach
Biomass gasification to heat, electricity and biofuels : HighBio project publication
What hi-fi? : Espoo
Fundamentals of digital logic with VHDL design
ASME Based Quality Documentation Guidelines for Power- and Recovery Boilers
Handbook of information security management 1999
Pump unit development for water pipeline inspection technology
Pharmaceutical extrusion technology
Operation of machinery in ships : steam turbines, boilers and auxiliary plant
Copyright protection and hardware taxation
Nuclear medicine instrumentation
A working guide to process equipment
The Adlard Coles book of diesel engines
The CERT C coding standard : 98 rules for developing safe, reliable, and secure systems
Realization of Big Data Analytics Tool for optimization processes within the Finnish engineering company
Design and implementation of a peer-to-peer client for device management
