http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2096 practical work training
practical work training
Directory of transferable products/results
Learning through field instruction : a guide for teachers and students
Development plan for work placements of foreign degree students. : case: HAMK University of Applied Sciences
Effect of internships as part of studies and preparation for entering work force
Developing a business information system : case: Work practice placement management tool for Oulu Vocational College, Department of Social and Health Care, Kontinkangas Unit
Service-learning through a multidisciplinary lens
Work-placement assessment as a lived-through educationally meaningful experience of the student : an application of the phenomenological descriptive approach
How to create a successful training system in tourism and hospitality industry?
Cultural Differences in Internship Abroad Examined against Hofstede`s Model
The preceptors' experiences in precepting ELTDP nursing students in surgical clinical placements
Vocational education and training in France
Supervising teaching practice in vocational teacher education : supervisors' conceptions
Contemporary apprenticeship : international perspectives of an evolving model of learning
Children and work in Europe : report prepared by a Study Group 1994-95 Programme of Co-ordinated Research in the Employment Field
InternQube : professional skills for the workplace
Challenges faced by first year foreign nursing students in Finland before their first practical placement
HOSPITALITY MANAGEMENT : Impact of internship on hotel operation
Abstract: The purpose of this qualitative study was to explore the experiences of preceptors in mentoring English Language Taught Degree programme (ELTDP) international nursing students in clinical practice in medical setting. Five registered nurses (RNs) with minimum of three years' experience of preceptoring ELTDP international nursing students were interviewed. The interviews were digitally recorded and data from the interviews were transcribed verbatim then analyzed using inductive content analysis. There were four main categories that emerged from the data. The first was challenges/barriers to learning with generic categories such as communication, competency, lack of motivation, and stress and pressure. The second main category was profitable teaching style with generic categories: learning by doing, preceptor-preceptee relationship and motivation. The third and fourth main categories were external (nursing schools) and internal (wards) support respectively. Language skills, cultural differences, staff nurses' negative attitude towards students pose barriers to successful learning outcomes. Participants expressed that planning beforehand, creating a friendly environment for learning; assigning duties to students and open-mindedness are profitable teaching strategies. The need for preparatory courses for preceptors and more awareness of ELTDP international nursing students in the ward if a more successful learning outcome is to be achieved is recommended.
Recruiting Trainees : a Case Study on Regional Offices in Brussels
Individual and collective reflection : how to meet the needs of development in teaching
Work-based learning : examples of practice
Clinical learning environment and supervision : development and validation of the CLES evaluation scale
Supervision patterns in practical training : ENPHENUF Conference 6.-8.10.2005
Supervising teaching practice in vocational teacher education: teachers' conceptions of themselves as tutors
Human resources management in the hospitality industry. Study guide to accompany
Tutoring Finnish exchange students in Zambia : experiences of clinical tutors
Active connections between degree programme and working life : follow-up results of the second cycle polytechnic degree in Finland : EAIR Forum, 28.-31.8.2005, Riga, Latvia
Personnel training manual for the hospitality industry
Career development of graduates : the case of Turku university of applied sciences
Experiences of ethnic minority nursing students in healthcare: a systematic literature review
Work and learning in micro car-repair enterprises : a comparative study on the relationship between technological and organisational developments and training activities in micro car-repair enterprises in four European countries : synthesis report
Vocational education and training in Italy
Foreign nursing students ́ experiences in clinical training
Working knowledge : work-based learning and education reform
The importance of internship
Work placement periods in university studies : recommendations on the planning, implementation and reporting of internships and other work placement periods – for students, universities and employers
Learning to become a professional in a textually-mediated world : a text-oriented study of placement practices
Business, pleasure and legal work : two months in the U.S.A
WELCOME multi-media learning pack : language training for childcare students from the UK working in the Netherlands
Analysis of vocational preparation in the member states of the European community
The questioning in supervision sessions : The Nordic Conference on Adult Education 13.-14.5.2005, Turku, Suomi
Evaluation of training
Security training : readings from Security management magazine
Academic service learning : a pedagogy of action and reflection
This thesis is commissioned by HAMK University of Applied Sciences. The number of degree programmes conducted in English in HAMK UAS has grown significantly during recent years and as the amount of foreign degree students has increased, HAMK UAS has faced new challenges. The objectives of the thesis were to obtain an extensive picture of the previous researches on this topic area and the actions taken in order to improve the situation, to analyse the current state of HAMK's foreign degree students' work placements, to recognise the challenges that foreign degree students face when searching for work placement positions, and to give recommendations for HAMK in how it could enhance foreign degree students' chances in getting work placement positions from Finland. In order to reach the objectives, several prior researches were used to find out what is currently known about foreign degree students' integration to Finland and their access to jobs here and what has been done in order to improve the situation. A survey was conducted for foreign degree students of HAMK to discover the students' thoughts and experiences concerning work placements and integration to Finland. Interviews with the staff members were used to hear their thoughts and experiences about foreign degree students' work placements and to benchmark the work placement processes in degree programmes conducted in English. As a result of the research HAMK was given recommendations to re-check the resources allocated to work placement, to add the number of Finnish language courses and a course that focuses on the Finnish work culture, to enhance foreign degree students' contacts to employers and to the Finnish fellow students.
Apprenticeship : which way forward?
Innovation of European vocational education and training : learning in inter-organisational partnerships and networks
Apprenticeship : from practice to theory and back again
The social and health care study of street children at IPEK, Calcutta
Occupational health, safety and ergonomic issues in small and medium-sized enterprises in a developing country
The Fashion Intern
Evaluating interns' work placement experiences in EMEA region : case: Dell Inc
Where's the learning in work-based project learning? : case study in information systems design
Vocational education and training in Norway
The construction of supervision and physiotherapy expertise : a qualitative study of physiotherapy students' learning sessions in clinical education
Readiness of Finnish companies to integrate foreign students : case study of Keski-Pohjanmaan Kirjapaino Oyj
The anatomy of supervision : developing learning and professional competence for social work students
In-service teachers' learning through integrating theory and practice
Working life feedback in Finnish higher engineering education
Vocational education aims to prepare competent workforce for the needs of continuously changing work life. A competent employee does not only carry out routine tasks but is also required to have the ability to act in the communities of practice in his field and develop his way of working. The challenge of Finnish school-based vocational education has been in creating such learning environments that promote learning professional knowledge demanded by work life. The challenge has required vocational teachers to develop their competences in collaboration with employers. The research covers the role of Finnish vocational teachers' authentic work placement periods in developing competences from the viewpoint of sociocultural learning. During the work placement period, a teacher furthers his or her competences by working in goal-oriented and planned ways in the work communities of enterprises or in the public sector of their fields. The purpose of the present qualitative case study is to increase the understanding of the role of authentic work placement periods in vocational teachers' competence. Experiences of teachers representing different subjects were studied during their work placement periods. The results show that work placement period supports the development of teachers' competences and provides prerequisites for work-based vocational education.
Supervising teaching practice in vocational teacher education : teachers conceptions of themselves as supervisors : phenomenographic approach
The experiences of foreign student nurses in their clinical placements
Strategies for qualified work placements of Häme Polytechnic's International Business students
Maximizing profitability with safety culture development
Quality and practical training in RAMK : when theory meets reality
Abstract: Tutoring Finnish exchange students in Zambia  - experiences of clinical tutors. The purpose of this descriptive study was to explore the experiences of clinical tutors that were involved with tutoring  incoming international exchange students from Finland in Zambia, and to find out what their views are on the  development of clinical tutoring in their own institutions by using the following research Questions: 1) What kind of  experiences do the teachers/tutors have while tutoring foreign exchange students in the university teaching hospitals? 2)  What issues are related to these experiences? 3) What kind of development challenges do they identify for future tutoring  of Finnish exchange students in their institution?  The participants were five clinical teachers and nurse tutors who were employed by the Lusaka School of Nursing, and  who were involved with the tutoring of incoming exchange students from Finland. Themed interviews took place and  were digitally recorded on the premises of the Lusaka School of Nursing and the University Teaching Hospital. The  interviews were transcribed and the data was analysed with the content analysis method. The theoretical background of  this study was based on a nursing research methods text book.  There were three main themes that surfaced from the data. The first theme was Experiences of the Participants while  Tutoring Finnish Exchange Students, with the sub themes: Behaviour and Attitudes, Interaction and Language Barrier,  and Living Arrangements. The second theme was Issues Related to the Participant's Experience, with the sub themes:  The Working Environment, Planning the Schedule and Clinical Supervision, Clinical Instruction, Counselling, and  Specific Issues that have Srisen from Previous Exchanges. The third theme was Development Challenges with the sub  themes: Present and Desired Outcomes, Desired Changes and Desired Outcomes of Research and Development.  The experiences of the participants while tutoring Finnish exchange students were: that the students often had a good  attitude towards work and cooperation, were willing to learn and worked independently, and the language barrier  sometimes affected interaction. Issues related to these experiences were concerns about the safety and coping abilities of  the students in the work environment. Specific issues that were mentioned about past exchanges were the rural  experience, ethical issues in participating in deliveries in the labour ward, and challenges concerning students' visa  applications. The developmental challenges brought up by the participants were: Suggestions on how to improve the  exchange programme, desires to continue the programme, and to learn more about research and development.  Participants desired more dissemination of projects and research findings within their institution.
Experiences of international nursing students after training in one mental health hospital in Finland
Preceptors' experience in preceptoring ELTDP international nursing students in medical setting
WELCOME multi-media learning pack : language training for childcare students from the UK working in Finland
Customer service training program for Virginia Woof Dog Daycare Center
Service learning : ninety-sixth yearbook of the National Society for the Study of Education, part 1
Training in the food and beverages sector in Denmark : report for the force programme
Community and health communications : report of community diagnosis as a training method of primary health care in two Finnish municipalities : Training Course for African Communicators in Primary Health Care, Tampere, Finland, in June-July 1988
Vocational education and training in Finland
Eurotecnet : compendium of innovation
The Role of Motivation in a Successful Internship
Making practical training a success : case: international practical training process at Lahti University of Applied Sciences
Effective practice learning in social work
Toward connectivity : internships of Finnish universities of applied sciences
The evidence-based internship : a field manual
Work and learning in micro-enterprises in the printing industry : a comparative research study into the relationship between technological and organisational developments and training activities in microenterprises in the printing industry in four European countries : synthesis report
Work preparation for the handicapped
Summary.
Developing advanced skills in practice teaching
Utilising the skills and knowledge of the expatriates of Vaasa : case study: Vaasa Region
Combating racism through training : a review of approaches to race training in organisations
Between school and work : new perspectives on transfer and boundary-crossing
Marketing campaign "OAS student internship program"
Quality Assurance of International Work Placements in Kymenlaakso University of Applied Sciences Business Department
The state, young people and youth training : in and against the training state
Promoting Culturally Diverse Students in Clinical Settings
Vocational education and training in Portugal
The trainer's tool kit
Post graduate work-placement of Mubba students
Evaluation and assessment of flexibility, mobility and trasferability in European countries : proceedings of COST A 11 - working group 5, working document no 1
The effectiveness of 12 months' intensive shoulder strength training on disability, health-related quality of life and shoulder function after rotator cuff repair
Internet based exercise management system for worksite exercise and well-being intervention
Education for life : a European strategy
Intern nation : how to earn nothing and learn little in the brave new economy
Abstract: In Finland, statistics show that the number of students from diverse cultures is increasing every year. Nursing students who study under the English Language Degree Taught Program (ELTDP) spend nearly half of their study program in clinical placements for their internship according to the European Union and nursing schools' directives. These  students need guidance and support from preceptors throughout their clinical placements. Our descriptive qualitative study was designed to explore the preceptors' experiences in precepting ELTDP nursing students in surgical clinical placements. We conducted semi-structured interviews with open-ended questions with four registered nurses from surgical wards within the Metropolitan region. Inductive content analysis was adapted in data analysis. Preceptors were aware of their role of precepting; teaching, motivating and supporting. Integrating ELTDP nursing students to the Finnish working culture and translation emerged as new roles for the preceptors. These were perceived to be confusing and time consuming due to the use of two languages simultaneously. In spite of that, preceptors were happy about meeting new people and the cultural enrichment that ELTDP nursing students brought with them. In addition, preceptors appreciated more support from nursing school teachers through consistent communication. They were of the opinion that they could get financial rewards for precepting and healthcare organizations (employers) could encourage all nurses to precept and allocate them time to attend the organized education sessions during their normal working time. In the future, the experiences of ELTDP nursing students' preceptors in Finnish healthcare organizations could be researched further.
Surviving your social work placement
Developing learning professionals : integrating experiences in university and practice settings
The hands-on guide to midwifery placements
Competency based fieldwork evaluation for occupational therapists : manual
Co-operation with radiographer students and clinical staff in dose management of the patients
Guides for stress coping during clinical training for international degree nursing students
Professional development, reflection and decision-making in nursing and health care
Deconstructing service-learning : research exploring context, participation, and impacts
The road to the information society : new technologies for education and training
Il modello della formazione during the job : un approccio strutturato per la formazione e l'apprendimento durante il lavoro = During the job training method : a structured approach to training and learning during work
Education and training monitor 2014. 1
Service-learning : the essence of the pedagogy
Learning that empowers values : cases of social and health care sector and police administration training in Finland
Hospitality management : impact of internship on hotel operation
Vocational education and training in Greece
This Bachelor's thesis was conducted for a global information technology corporation, Dell Inc. Dell is focusing on diversity and is dedicated to hiring students and recent graduates to join the Dell team by offering internship opportunities in several business departments. This thesis focuses on evaluating the interns' work placement experiences in the EMEA region (Europe, Middle East and Africa). The objective of this thesis was to provide development suggestions to the case company for the further development of its internship program. The focus areas are the interns' satisfaction with the work activities, supervision and feedback, and work community. The thesis process started in February 2013 and ended in November 2013. The theoretical literature studied job satisfaction through a job characteristics model that involves five core dimensions, namely, skill variety, task identity, task significance, autonomy and feedback. This research used a quantitative approach to collect data from the respondents by using an online survey. The data was collected between May and June 2013. The target group included all the interns that are located in Dell's offices in the EMEA region. The online survey response rate was 59% with 119 of 202 interns completing the survey. The results show that the interns' overall satisfaction level is high. The interns have assessed the acquired learning and experience to be of a relatively high level and they have benefited from the internship program at Dell. Some key development action points were given to the case company, such as providing a wider variety of work, more responsibilities and more frequent performance feedback.
Feasibility study : research scope for vocational education in the framework of COST social sciences
Foreigners studying nursing in Finland : a study about experiences from practical placements
Welcome to practise in gastroenterogical wards : An Orientation Guide for Exchange Nursing Students
Adventure in creative education
Intercultural competence as part of professional qualifications : a training experiment with bachelor of engineering students
Schooling in the workplace : how six of the world's best vocational education systems prepare young people for jobs and life
Integration of international student into internship's in Germany
