http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20911 ownership steering
ownership steering corporate governance
Corporate governance: it's impact on the performance of state owned enterprises : Case Ghana
Risk management and corporate governance : interconnections in law, accounting and tax
Corporate governance, risk-taking, and performance of African banks around the global financial crisis
Stubborn Swedes : the persistence of the Swedish corporate governance system under international reform
Changing corporate governance practices in China and Japan : adaptations of Anglo-American practices
Investor protection in Europe : corporate law making, the MiFID and beyond
Corporate power, oligopolies, and the crisis of the state
Corporate governance of media companies
Corporate governance and international business : strategy, performance and institutional change
"The Corporate Objective addresses a question that has been subject to much debate: what should be the objective of public corporations? It examines the two dominant theories that address this issue, the shareholder primacy and stakeholder theories, and finds that both have serious shortcomings. The book goes on to develop a new theory, called the Entity Maximisation and Sustainability Model. Under this model, directors are to endeavour to increase the overall long-run market value of the corporation as an entity. At the same time as maximising wealth, directors have to ensure that the corporation survives and is able to stay afloat and pursue the development of the corporation's position. Andrew Keay seeks to explain and justify the model and discusses how the model is enforced, how investors fit into the model, how directors are to act and how profits are to be allocated. Analysing in depth the existing theories which seek to explain the corporate objective, this book will appeal to academics in corporate law and corporate governance as well as law, finance, business ethics, organisational behaviour, management, economics, accounting and sociology. Postgraduate students in corporate law and corporate governance, directors, and government regulators will also find much to interest them in this study"--Provided by publisher.
"Conflict of interest occurs at all levels of governance, ranging from local to global, both in the public and the corporate and financial spheres. There is increasing awareness that conflicts of interest may distort decision-making processes and generate inappropriate outcomes, thereby undermining the functioning of public institutions and markets. However, the current worldwide trend towards regulation, which seeks to forestall, prevent and manage conflicts of interest, has its price. Drawbacks may include the stifling of decision-making processes, the loss of expertise among decision-makers and a vicious circle of distrust. This interdisciplinary and international book addresses specific situations of conflict of interest in different spheres of governance, particularly in global, public and corporate governance"--
Governance and executive compensation
Taming the giant corporation
Risk management and corporate governance
International Corporate Governance
The nordic corporate governance model
Independence of Internal Audit and Good Corporate Governance
Corporate governance : promises kept, promises broken
Corporate governance in Japan : institutional change and organizational diversity
Business ethics : managing corporate citizenship and sustainability in the age of globalization
Social Responsibility & Business
Employee participation in Sweden: union paradise and employer hell or-?
Organizing compliance with the regulation of insider trading in Finnish listed companies
UK law for the millennium
Conflict of interest in global, public and corporate governance
"The family firm preparing generational change, the partnership that welcomes new partners, and the shareholders of a firm that chooses to go public are making decisions that will have an impact on strategy and management. Conversely, a change in strategy such as a move to diversify or a decision to take on more risk in a business can make the firm more attractive to some shareholders and less attractive to others and is therefore not ownership neutral. Opening the black box of agency theory, Korine and Gomez show how management and ownership interact to shape the strategy of the firm. In their view, the critical question to ask is not what is the best strategy, but rather, who is the strategy for? With numerous detailed examples, Strong Managers, Strong Owners is an invaluable resource for company owners, board members and executives, as well as their advisors in strategy and governance"--
Abstract: This research was focused on Corporate Governance Codices and the possible applicability  to organizations of the mid-tier business sector. The reason behind conducting  this research was the demand on finding a sufficient management strategy  supporting the management level to deal with the high predisposition for insolvency  of most mid-tier companies. With reference to this demand the current situation and  challenges of such companies were deliberated. In the context of stock listed, public  held companies the key aspect of this demand already has been realized during the  1990s where it was responded with the introduction of international Codices for  Corporate Governance.  Within the theoretical framework to this Thesis the fundamentals and principal theories  of Corporate Governance were presented on basis of secondary data. To deepen  the understanding of the concept the main objectives of the Corporate Governance  activities were profoundly introduced. Furthermore, as this Thesis refers to the possible  applicability of Corporate Governance Codices also the structure and contents  of two actual Corporate Governance Codes of Conduct were demonstrated. Because  of the fact Corporate Governance Codices originally have been developed for corporations  listed on a stock exchange special attention has been paid on describing the  structural differences between listed and mid-tier companies.  In order to evaluate the possible transferability of Corporate Governance Codices to  organizations of the mid-tier business sector a deductive content analysis has been  conducted. This survey consisted of a theoretical as well as practical approach. The  theoretical approach was utilized to define the contents of a Corporate Governance  Code as applicable or not applicable for mid-tier companies. On basis of the results  from the theoretical approach the practical approach has surveyed the current extent  of application of the as applicable defined Code principles at the case company  Kraftanlagen München.  The results of the research have verified that the actual applicability of Corporate  Governance to mid-tier organizations is rather limited. Yet, throughout the research  process an important set of applicable minimum requirements have been identified.
Exploring the impact of board composition and ownership structure on earnings management in Nordic countries
The effectsof CEO's and CFO's education on the audit pricing in Swedish listed firms
European community law for the new economy
Contingent capital : short-term investors and the evolution of corporate governance in France and Germany
The influence of the Capital Requirements Directive IV on the responsibility of the board of directors for risk management carried out in Finnish credit institutions
Strong managers, strong owners : corporate governance and strategy
Implicit dimensions of contract : discrete, relational, and network contracts
The impact of institutional ownership on firm valuation and performance : Finnish evidence
Principles of contemporary corporate governance
Auditing
Startup boards : getting the most out of your board of directors
Corporations in evolving diversity : cognition, governance, and institutions
Fundamentals of management : essential concepts and applications
Business and society : ethics, sustainability, and stakeholder management
Corporate governance and initial public offerings : an international perspective
Corporate governance and management control in cooperatives
Warren Buffett on business: principles fro the sage of Omaha
The impact of concentrated ownership on firm value and performance : a study of Kazakh publicly traded firms
Theory and practice of corporate governance : an integrated approach
Management control in small and medium-sized enterprises : indirect control forms, control combinations and their effect on company performance
Internal control - integrated framework : illustrative tools for assessing effectiveness of a system of internal control
Essays on corporate governance, stakeholders, and restructuring
Corporate governance and legal reform in China
This insightful book focuses upon corporate governance processes, and explores the conditions required for effective corporate governance and control in 21st century globalized and financialized economies. In presenting a comprehensive study of a cross-border hostile corporate take-over process, describing the actors, institutions and events involved, this book examines and questions the current forms of corporate governance and control - both from a national and a global perspective. Using Old Mutual's takeover of Skandia as a case study, the authors address corporate governance theory, and h
Fundamentals of ethics, corporate governance and business law : for assessments from April 2008 onwards
The transnational politics of corporate governance regulation
Capital markets and company law
"Initial Public Offerings (IPOs) are unique economic and governance events as privately held firms issue common stock or shares to the public for the first time. The governance issues surrounding IPOs are relatively unexamined compared to more established, and usually larger, firms. As such, they provide a unique context to study corporate governance and its development around the world. Based on a collaborative international research project, this book analyses the corporate governance of IPOs in twenty-one countries, each of which is characterized by different governance environments and different levels of IPO activity. The end result is a broad and deep assessment of governance practices and IPO activity for an array of economies that represent roughly 80 percent of the global economy. These chapters collectively provide new insights into what a global theory of corporate governance might look like and offer guidance to policy makers and academics regarding national governance configurations".
The enlightened shareholder value principle and corporate governance
Handbook on emerging issues in corporate governance
The dynamics of change in North Korea : an institutionalist perspective
The corporate objective
Restoring corporate governance to lawyers : an attempt at corporate normative jurisprudence as an alternative to the reign of law and economics
The new corporate governance in theory and practice
Cross listing and firm value - corporate governance or market segmentation? : an empirical study of the stock market
Corporate governance from comparative approach
Within and cross-country differences in the value relevance of fair values
Cases and materials on business associations : agency, partnerships, and corporations
Corporate responsibility
Corporate governance and corporate social responsibility : emerging markets focus
Study of the relationship between corporate governance, corporate social responsibility and corporate financial performance : evidence from the Nordic countries
Corporate governance and firm value : econometric modelling and analysis of emerging and developed financial markets
Comparative corporate governance of non-profit organizations
Safeguarding shareholder investments in Russia : a corporate governance perspective
Corporate Governance in China
What is corporate governance?
Ownership and corporate governance in Finland: a review of development trends
Regulating corporate human rights violations : humanizing business
Essentials of strategic management
This book is full of advice and guidance on how to take on the management of BAs, written from many perspectives. Here you will read about how BAs manage themselves and how they might manage other BAs. You will also encounter information on how Project Managers (PMs) can best make use of the BAs on their teams and on how Senior Management can adapt corporate processes to take advantage of the skills that BAs bring to the table. How will off-shoring affect the use of BAs? How do they fit into the corporate organization charts? What kind of specialized training will they require? This book can help with these questions, and provide expert-level guidance from people who have been there and done that. Here are just some of the subjects addressed in this book: • How do PMs manage BAs? • How do BAs manage BAs? • How do BAs manage when they find themselves responsible for projects? • How do functional or line managers manage BAs? • How should we train our BAs? • What does the career ladder for BAs look like? • How should BAs be organized in my company? • How do I persuade my senior management that BAs bring great value? This book is a collaborative effort, consisting of the views and contributions of a wide variety of experts in the BA arena. The contributing authors include two Vice-Presidents of the IIBA®, the Presidents of training and consulting companies, well-known international authors, working BA Managers, Trainers, Project Managers, and a number of international contributors. This group’s wide range of backgrounds and subject matter expertise provide a perfect blend of theory and real-world experience, and this book should become an excellent resource for you as you manage your way through the world of business analysis.
Internal control - integrated framework : internal control over external financial reporting : a compendium of approaches and examples
Corporate governance : principles, policies and practices
Corporate governance : theory and practice
Smashing the glass ceiling or barely scratching it? : is the Finnish outlook on the woman-on-boards Directive proposal positive for a reason
Corporate fraud and corruption : a holistic approach to preventing financial crises
Corporate governance in government corporations
Do political connections influence corporate governance quality in developing economies? : a study of the Ukrainian market
Too much is not enough : incentives in executive compensation
Corporate governance and stock returns: evidence from the S&P 500
Law and corporate behaviour : integrating theories of regulation, enforcement, compliance and ethics
Russian corporate tax reforms and value of the firms : impact of legal enforcement
Accounting conservatism and corporate governance: empirical evidence from India
Institutional investors as shareholders : the case of pension funds
Comparative corporate governance : a functional and international analysis
Understanding business ethics
Rethinking corporate governance : from shareholder value to stakeholder value
Corporate governance and development : reform, financial systems and legal frameworks
Regulating the non-financial disclosure by certain companies in the EU : taking steps towards binding rules for corporate social responsibility in European company Law
Ownership structure and productivity in Russian companies
The prevalence of the dual tracking premium : combined M&A and IPO transactions in developed markets
Rebuilding trust in banks : the role of leadership and governance
European corporate governance : readings and perspectives
Modern company law for a European economy : ways and means
Corporate governance : principles and issues
The marketing director's role in business planning and corporate governance
Corporate governance and globalization
Analysis of the effect of the change in board composition of the companies listed in London Stock Exchange FTSE 100 Index on the effectiveness of the boards’ risk management decision as measured by market-based beta between 2007 and 2010
Essays on political corporate governance and governance reforms : consequences from sociological perspectives
Internal control - integrated framework : framework and appendices
Nordic corporate governance revisited
New directions in business ethics : Volume IV, managing business ethics
Corporate social responsibility, entrepreneurship, and innovation
The modern firm, corporate governance and investment
The small worlds of corporate governance
Firm ownership structure and corporate governance reporting quality
Global corporate finance : a focused approach
Board busyness and bank performance
Culture in economics : history, methodological reflections, and contemporary applications
Company law and finance
Corporate governance codices applied in the context of mid-tier organizations
Firm commitment : why the corporation is failing us and how to restore trust in it
The effect of gender on capital structure choice: evidence from Swedish listed firms
Rethinking corporate governance : the forming of operative and financial strategies in global corporations
Corporate power and ownership in contemporary capitalism : the politics of resistance and domination
"Many economists now accept that informal institutions and culture play a crucial role in economic outcomes. Driven by the work of economists such as Nobel laureates Douglass North and Gary Becker, there is an important body of work that invokes cultural and institutional factors to build a more comprehensive and realistic theory of economic behavior. This book provides a comprehensive overview of research in this area, sketching the main promises and challenges faced by the field. The first part introduces and explains the various theoretical approaches to studying culture in economics, going back to Smith and Weber, and addresses the methodological issues that need to be considered when including culture in economics. The second part of the book then provides readers with a series of examples that shows how the cultural approach can be used to explain economic phenomena in four different areas: entrepreneurship, trust, international business and comparative corporate governance"--
The role of corporate governance and corporate social responsibility in international business
Corporate Governance in Modern Financial Capitalism : old mutual's hostile takeover of Skandia
Summary.
German versus Nordic board models : form, function and convergence
International business and government relations in the 21st century
The willingness to pay for governance : an empirical analysis of European post-financial crisis takeovers
The essential guide to internal auditing
Internal control - integrated framework : executive summary
Chairs and tables : corporate governance for directors of small- to mid-sized companies
Organising the firm : theories of commercial law, corporate governance and corporate law
2009 annual report of the Ownership Steering Department in the Prime Minister's Office
Decision making power in joint stock companies in Finland and Russia : a comparative study
Corporate restructuring and governance in transition economies
The secret of successful acquisitions : abandoning the myth of board influence
The political economy of the European Union : An institutionalist perspective
Globalization and competitiveness : big business in Asia
"The purpose of this book is to examine the theories and practice of how to control corporate behaviour through legal techniques. The principal theories examined are deterrence, (especially economic analysis), the findings of empirical research on responsive regulatory systems, and the findings of behavioural psychology research. Leading examples of the various approaches are given in order to illustrate the models: private enforcement of law through litigation in the USA, public enforcement of competition law by the European Commission, and the recent reform of policies on public enforcement of regulatory law in the United Kingdom. Noting that behavioural psychology has as yet had only limited application in legal and regulatory theory, the book then analyses various European regulatory structures where behavioural techniques can be seen or could be applied. The book concludes by proposing an holistic model for maximising compliance within large organisations, combining public regulatory and criminal controls with internal corporate systems and external influences by stakeholders, held together by a unified core of ethical principles."--Publisher description.
Corporate governance, ethics, and CSR
Securities markets and corporate governance : a Chinese experience
"This book presents an international treatment of corporate governance, supported by relevant regulation and case studies. Ideal for undergraduate and postgraduate students of business, management, finance, accountancy and law"--
Is the Finnish Corporate Governance converging towards the Anglo-American model?
Measuring performance in private sector development / [author: Robert Hood]
Corporate governance lessons from transition economy reforms
In Corporate Responsibility, Paul Argenti covers the growing discipline and functional area of Corporate Responsibility (CR) in organisations. Within the broader definition of CR, Argenti makes the case that corporate social responsibility is good for business and focuses on how leaders can balance the needs of their organisations with responsibilities to key constituencies. Through cases focusing on the social, reputational, and environmental consequences of corporate activities, you'll learn how to make difficult choices, promote responsible behaviour within your organisations, and understand the role personal values play in developing effective leadership skills.
How do women in top management affect firms’ performance?
The Oxford handbook of corporate governance
Internal control, risk management and internal audit in Finnish public companies
New forms of governance in research organizations : disciplinary approaches, interfaces and integration
Corporate governance and public private partnership for economic development : a study of Finnpartnership programme
Dynamics of EU corporate governance regulation : Nordic perspectives
China's listed companies : conflicts, governance and regulation
Institutional ownership - the anonymous capital : corporate governance and investment performance
Stakeholder politics : social capital, sustainable development, and the corporation
On investor protection and corporate governance : financial disclosures and securities litigation in Finland
Governance, regulation, and privatization in the Asia-Pacific Region
An essential guide to understanding the dynamics of a startup's board of directors. Let's face it, as founders and entrepreneurs, you have a lot on your plate-getting to your minimum viable product, developing customer interaction, hiring team members, and managing the accounts/books. Sooner or later, you have a board of directors, three to five (or even seven) Type A personalities who seek your attention and at times will tell you what to do.
