http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2095 student exchange
student exchange
Transnational competence : rethinking the U.S. - Japan educational relationship
"International Teaching and Learning at Universities investigates both the positive and the more problematic aspects of the internationalization of education. The flow of students to universities is no longer unidirectional from East to West but truly global with a diminishing difference between the two major educational centers. Slethaug and Vinther explain how liberal education, the movement of students across the globe, autonomy for students and teachers, and internationalization of education influence each other in constructing a new educational reality. These elements are vital to the continued development of learning, economic growth, and the democratic process of our societies in the East and West"--
Developing Partnership Co-operation in Student Exchange with Italian Universities
The cornerstone of student exchange is trust. Experiences of an exchange co-ordinator
Feel the Finnish winter : free time activities for the Erasmus IP students
Communication in international politics
Guidelines for clinical training at the operation unit of the Tampere University Hospital (TUH) : booklet for english speaking student
Study exchange: experiences of the students of Viirinkangas campus
Joint educational projects : handbook
Relationship between intercultural friendship networks and homesickness level of international degree students at a Finnish university
Adventurous decade and more : Diak's partnership in Asia
Finnish fellowship students in the United States : a panel study
Student mobility within ERASMUS 1987/88 : a statistical survey
University collaboration for innovation : lessons from the Cambridge-MIT Institute
Intercultural competence needs of exchange students coming to or going abroad from the university of Costa Rica
Critical success factors in a furniture development process : furniture design process review through a Finnish-Japanese design project
Open doors : report on international educational exchange. 1990/91
Information guide for exchange students
Abstract: The purpose of this thesis was to find similarities and dissimilarities between the Ne-palese and Finnish culture for the adaptation of Nepalese students in Finnish culture. The thesis was written for the Satakunta University of Applied Sciences which hosts new Nepalese students every year. Satakunta University of Applied Sciences wanted to make both student and social life easy for the Nepalese student in Finland, thus the research focus was on understanding the similarities and dissimilarities of these two different cultures. Under cultural studies, both cultures were studied to make the comparison and find the difference. The theoretical part of this thesis includes the comparison between the Nepalese and Finnish culture for understanding the cultural differences and their effect on the Ne-palese student's academic and social life. The second part includes the difficulties that Nepalese students are facing in different educational issues. The third study area examined what measures could be taken for the adaptation of incoming Nepalese students in Finnish culture. A qualitative method was chosen for the empirical study. Five Nepalese students who are currently studying and a former Nepalese student of SAMK were chosen to be interviewed. The interviewees were chosen based on their experience on concern-ing cultural differences and difficulties they are facing. The interviews were con-ducted with the use of unstructured interview questionnaires which was handed to the interviewee one week before the actual interview was taken. Personal observa-tions were also taken as part of study obtained by being the student from the same group. The research results provided different similarities and dissimilarities of academic and social culture between the Nepalese and Finnish students. The results show the different difficulties and problems that Nepalese are facing during their studies and also life outside the school. Based on the results, the main problem seems to be social life adaptation for Nepalese students. In respect to the results, Nepalese students were recommended to be flexible and open towards the Finnish culture and people. Nepalese students were as recommended to engage in different social activities which help to understand the Finnish culture and also help in minimizing the cultural shock. Nepalese students were also recommended to give more value to the words while talking and also adjust their tone to make it easy for the Finnish students to understand. It was also recommended to Nepalese students to be strict with the time in implementing their planning.
Statistics on student mobility within the European Union
Developing International Exchange Program: Laurea UAS and Partner Universities in Japan
Developing partnership co-operation in student exchange with Italian Universities
Social and economic conditions of student life in Europe : synopsis of indicators : Eurostudent v 2012-2015
Vague language use in casual lingua france English
Open doors : report on international educational exchange. 2000
Fulbright Finland news
Finnish know-how at your service
Studying and living in the United Kingdom 2000/2001
Intra-European student mobility in international higher education circuits : Europe on the move
Comparative youth, welfare and justice : experiences and thoughts of how to develop the European union Erasmus Socrates common study programme
Intercultural communication experiences of foreign students with a focus on their perspectives of national, cultural and ethnic identity : case of exchange and degree students in Jyväskylä, Finland
EU-Canada social work practicum exchage : an EU perspective of opportunities and challenges
Expatriate training for exchange students
Development plan for internationalisation : case Valkeakoski Vocational Institute, Business and Administration Sector
The purpose of this thesis was to present the development and changes of outgoing student exchange in Satakunta University of Applied Sciences, from the early 1990's to 2014. Satakunta University of Applied Sciences wanted a thesis of this subject to be written hoping that the University of Applied Sciences can benefit from this study in the future.  The theory part was constructed of the outgoing student exchange, the different exchange programmes and organizations, reasons for going to exchange, the internationalization of Finnish universities of applied sciences and the stages of internationalization.  The empirical part was constructed of outgoing student exchange from SAMK, methods for applying to exchange, and development of outgoing student exchange from SAMK and of statistics concerning the development of student exchange.  This thesis was a quantitative study and part of the theory was presented as statistics as well as the empirical part which was mainly constructed of statistics as was requested by SAMK. Theory part was written using books and online sources. The empirical part was gathered through interviews, emails and using an online database.  The aim of this thesis was to present a study of the development of the outgoing stu-dent exchange from SAMK and have it be useful to SAMK in the future.
Communication behaviors of exchange students as perceived by themselves and by their hosts : Japanese students in Finland
Internationalisation of European higher education : three selected articles from Handbook
Mobility of students in Europe : linguistic and socio-cultural conditions
Student mobility in Dalarna University and HAAGA-HELIA University of Business and Applied Sciences
Abstract: Developing Partnership Co-operation in Student Exchange with Italian Universities
Tempus : annual report. 1990/1991
Changes in the food habits of Chinese students after migration to Helsinki, Finland
Trade schools, universities, and programs for international students have begun to experiment with Content and Language Integrated Learning (CLIL) as a viable pedagogy for instruction, as the pedagogy of CLIL increasingly gains recognition as a practical form of language and content education in Europe and beyond, and its application in instructional settings becomes more diverse. Corresponding with CLIL's growth, this book focuses on foreign language use during peer interactions in a new CLIL setting. It particularly concentrates on how to conduct research when the focus is on learner interactions. The theoretical background, research methods, and research instruments are explained in a brief and understandable manner. This book is intended for those interested in CLIL and peer interactions and includes a framework and ideas for investigating new CLIL contexts in a practical manner allowing undergraduate and graduate students to conduct their own research in these settings.
Mapping mobility in European higher education. Volume 1, Overview and trends
Integrating study abroad into the curriculum : theory and practice across the disciplines
Intra-European Student Mobility in International Higher Education Circuits focuses on the phenomenon of international student exchanges in Europe. Strongly interdisciplinary in its focus, this book empirically addresses four main research questions: who goes abroad, how students reconstruct their social network abroad, whether intra-European student mobility leads to an increased sense of European identity, and whether participating in a European exchange programme influences future migratory behaviour. The text systematically combines quantitative and qualitative data, and adopts a firm international comparative approach, focusing on the cases of Austria, Belgium, Italy, Norway, Poland and the United Kingdom. The empirical data originates from a large-scale online survey, as well as in-depth interviews and focus groups conducted with students in higher education.
Experience Exchange : a guide to the Lahti Institute of Design and Fine Arts for the Exchange Students
The experience of studying abroad for exchange students in Europe : research report
Tutors as mediators of exchange student experiences : evaluation of the interantional student tutor system at the University of Turku
Student mobility on the map : tertiary education interchange in the Commonwealth on the threshold of the 21st century
Baltic Sea region studies 1998-2000 : looking back and ahead
ASLA directory : ASLA-grantees 1950-1963
A Period abroad : Does it produce any additional value to business studies at North Karelia Polytechnic?
Students abroad : aspects of exchange students' language
Clinical Practice At Ward A3, Hatanpää : An Orientation Guide for Nursing Exchange Students
All in the same boat : a comparison of intercultural interaction between home students and international students in two universities
To Finland and back and back again
Alcohol use among international students in Lapland
Study abroad programmes
Evaluation of the marketing communications of student-mobility programs at the School of Business Studies of Oulu Polytechnic
Modernized french journeyman travels in Europe
Development of nursing students during international exchange
Nordic experiences - What do short-term study abroad programs have to offer?
Training at operation unit is a part of basic nursing studies. Because of the international programmes of the University of Applied Science, there are students from other cultures and other countries performing clinical training at operation unit of the Tampere University Hospital (TUH). This bachelor's thesis is a booklet for English speaking student for operation unit of the TUH.     This thesis is a functional bachelor's thesis and it is composed in three parts: report, theory and final part. The report part is about the process of the thesis, theoretical part consists of general information of operation room environment and operation room nursing. The final part is the booklet in the final form.     The result is the booklet which will help both the English speaking student to orientate easily to the operation room practises and nurse who have limited language skills to supervise and guide foreign student in his / her work. The thesis is made in co-operation with representatives of the operation unit of the TUH.       Keywords: Booklet, perioperative nursing, student orientation, orientation material, supervised clinical training, student supervision..
Internationalization : A Resource for Successful Regional Development : Laurea University of Applied Sciences International Students’ role in the Triple Helix of University, Industry, and Government
Outbound student exchange from Satakunta University of Applied Sciences, School of Maritime Management, Rauma = Ulospäin suuntautuva opiskelijavaihto Satakunnan ammattikorkeakoulun Rauman Merenkulun toimipisteessä
A report on SOCRATES exchange programme in geography between the University of Oulu (Finland) and the University of Caen (France)
Chile's international scholarship programme
Finnish exchange students abroad : puzzling intercultural communication situations
ISEP study abroad opportunities : information guide for students and advisors. 1990-1991 academic year
Outbound student exchange from Satakunta University of Applied Sciences, School of Maritime Management, Rauma
Nordic students abroad : student mobility patterns, student support systems and labour market outcomes
Students' expectation toward service of recruiment agencies in Vietnam
Tutoring Finnish exchange students in Zambia : experiences of clinical tutors
The Cooperation between Savonia University of Applied Sciences and West Anhui University
Exchange students in Finland : English language learning and use
International tutor's handbook
Credit stalking in the Arctic twilight
Foreign students at Rovaniemi University of Applied Sciences
International teaching and learning at universities : achieving equilibrium with local culture and pedagogy
An investigation of market research related to student practical training for SME’s : (Project of Jolly Dragon)
Wellbeing and Health Promotion of Exchange Students at Tampere University of Applied Sciences : An Orientation Booklet on Health Promotion
Towards a people's Europe? : exchange, identity and the European Union
Creating experiential learning opportunities for language learners : acting locally while thinking globally
A guidebook for the participants of the Oxford Brookes University study exchange
OPTIMISING THE WEB-PAGES CONCERNING THE INCOMING EXCHANGE STUDENTS TO KYMENLAAKSO UNIVERSITY OF APPLIED SCIENCES
Sudent exchange and multicultural skills : case: Haaga-Helia's BBA Degree Programme in International Business
Multicultural TeKu : the international learning environment at Savonia
Erasmus and Lingua action II : directory 1992/93
Happy memoriec [sic] , eternal friendship : the 10th anniversary memorial photo album for nursing exchanges between Tianjin,China and Turku, Finland
ECTS information package
InternQube : professional skills for the workplace
INTEGRATION OF THE INTERNATIONAL STUDENTS OF KYMENLAAKSO UNIVERSITY OF APPLIED SCIENCES INTO THE LOCAL SMEs
Abstract: Tutoring Finnish exchange students in Zambia  - experiences of clinical tutors. The purpose of this descriptive study was to explore the experiences of clinical tutors that were involved with tutoring  incoming international exchange students from Finland in Zambia, and to find out what their views are on the  development of clinical tutoring in their own institutions by using the following research Questions: 1) What kind of  experiences do the teachers/tutors have while tutoring foreign exchange students in the university teaching hospitals? 2)  What issues are related to these experiences? 3) What kind of development challenges do they identify for future tutoring  of Finnish exchange students in their institution?  The participants were five clinical teachers and nurse tutors who were employed by the Lusaka School of Nursing, and  who were involved with the tutoring of incoming exchange students from Finland. Themed interviews took place and  were digitally recorded on the premises of the Lusaka School of Nursing and the University Teaching Hospital. The  interviews were transcribed and the data was analysed with the content analysis method. The theoretical background of  this study was based on a nursing research methods text book.  There were three main themes that surfaced from the data. The first theme was Experiences of the Participants while  Tutoring Finnish Exchange Students, with the sub themes: Behaviour and Attitudes, Interaction and Language Barrier,  and Living Arrangements. The second theme was Issues Related to the Participant's Experience, with the sub themes:  The Working Environment, Planning the Schedule and Clinical Supervision, Clinical Instruction, Counselling, and  Specific Issues that have Srisen from Previous Exchanges. The third theme was Development Challenges with the sub  themes: Present and Desired Outcomes, Desired Changes and Desired Outcomes of Research and Development.  The experiences of the participants while tutoring Finnish exchange students were: that the students often had a good  attitude towards work and cooperation, were willing to learn and worked independently, and the language barrier  sometimes affected interaction. Issues related to these experiences were concerns about the safety and coping abilities of  the students in the work environment. Specific issues that were mentioned about past exchanges were the rural  experience, ethical issues in participating in deliveries in the labour ward, and challenges concerning students' visa  applications. The developmental challenges brought up by the participants were: Suggestions on how to improve the  exchange programme, desires to continue the programme, and to learn more about research and development.  Participants desired more dissemination of projects and research findings within their institution.
Student mobility and the internationalization of higher education : national policies and strategies from six world regions
Erasmus and Lingua Action II Directory
To survive, you have to adjust : study abroad as a process of learning intercultural competence in nursing
Using education fairs to recruit international students
Critical incidents as a training tool for Finnish exchange students going to The United States
Study abroad and career identity : three narratives of English language students' journeys to English-speaking countries
The internationalisation of higher education in Sweden
Executive summary.
Reflections on self and other in a novel environment : exchange student experiences of living and studying in Finland
Bologna Conference on "Student mobility in the European higher education area 2010" : 17/18 March 2005, Bad Honnef, Germany
Sophomore switch
The evaluation of intercultural youth exchange
COMETT evaluation in Finland : a national evaluation undertaken for the Finnish COMETT Board
Politics and biochemistry in Australia
Understanding your international students : an educational, cultural, and linguistic guide
The Buddy program familiarises exchange students with Finnish culture
Experiences of Erasmus students : select findings of the 1988/89 survey
Inquiry Learning in Practice : Information Sharing Among First Semester Tourism Students and Supervisors
Studying the North - educating the world
The European higher education area in 2015 : Bologna Process implementation report
Genaration mobility : results of ESNSurvey '07
International Club for International Students in Higher Education : Mikkeli University of Applied Sciences
Kult[t]u[u]r[i] : documentation of the project "cultureXchange" : 2007/2008
Erasmus exchange students : A behind-the-scenes view into an ELF community of practice
Exchange students' rights : research report of Erasmus Student Network Survey 2006
Marketing Research on Practical Training Abroad
Factors affecting decrease in International Student: case : University X, Brisbane International Campus
International students' language use and attitudes towards English and Finnish
No problems- only possibilities : exchange stories by Savonia
ERASMUS PROGRAMME STUDENT’S CHALLENGES FACED ABROAD AND THE IMPACT ON EUROPEAN COMMISSION OBJECTIVES
Motives in higher education student exchange participation : focus on Finland and United Kingdom
Key data on higher education in Europe. 2007 Edition
Managing educational tourism
Outgoing study exchanges in French and Spanish business schools
Integration of foreign degree students into the Finnish school system & society
Feel the Finnish winterfree time activities for the Erasmus IP students /
Intercultural friendship development between Finnish and international students
The development of outgoing student exchange in Satakunta university of applied sciences
Portable state grants and loans : an overview and their contribution to outgoing student mobility
Student exchange program promotion campaign for Helsinki Business Polytechnics and Stavanger University College
Socrates cooperation agreements : student and teacher mobility, academic year 1997-1998
Learning culture : international exchange students at Yonsel University in Korea
Socio-emotional orientations and teacher change
Erasmus : facts, figures & trends : the European Union support for student and staff exchanges and university cooperation in 2012-13
Expanding the international dimension of higher education
Foreign students in Europe : report of the seminar arranged by the National Union of Foreign Students Organisations in Finland (NUFSOF), 8th to 10th of March 1991, Torppa Course-Centre, Tampere
The professional value of ERASMUS mobility : the impact of international experience on former students' and on teachers' careers
FACTORS THAT MOTIVATE THE NEW GENERATION STUDENTS TO STUDY ABROAD - Exchange students as a case study
Erasmus : facts, figures & trends : the European Union support for student and staff exchanges and university cooperation in 2011-12
Counseling international students : clients from around the world
Guidelines for applicants ERASMUS & LINGUA (action II) : academic year 1994/95
Fulbright orientation handbook
Information Package : courses offered in English during the operational year 1998-1999
Internationalization fo Higher Education : goals, prerequisites and quality assurance
Asia Functions of Satakunta University of Applied Sciences
The objective of this thesis was to explore the mobility of students in Dalarna University and HAAGA-HELIA University of Applied Sciences. The main research question was how organizations and people reacted to the mobility issue, how they have done it, and what the present student mobility situation in HAAGA-HELIA University of Applied Sciences and Dalarna University is. Another aim was to find out the factors encouraging and preventing student exchange and to see what could be done in order to enhance the interest in exchange. The theoretical framework concentrates on organisational behaviour. The theory on barriers to trade enlightens how softer values may act as barriers for mobility even though the technical barriers have been removed. Strong organisational cultures and fear of change can be a burden when facing new situations and challenges, but the theory of resistance to change presents how these can be managed. In addition, the theory of rational decision-making demonstrates how to make decisions in order to optimise the desired outcome. The study was conducted by a qualitative research method. A few members of administrative staff and students were interviewed in both universities. These interviews were carried out both face-to-face and via e-mail. Data on student mobility in general in Sweden and Finland was gathered from different organisations and official institutions. Also the development of the Bologna process and its effects on educational organisations and thus mobility was studied. Although the empirical part of the thesis also includes researching overall student mobility in both countries, the findings and recommendations are limited to the aforementioned universities. The results show that there is cooperation between universities and mobility has been made easier, but HAAGA-HELIA students tend to study more abroad when compared to students from Dalarna. The reasons why Swedish students do not go abroad vary but are not altogether due to financial issues. More information on in-coming exchange students and students who have already been on exchange, comprehensive internet pages on exchange possibilities, and developed and smooth cooperation between universities and different organisations can be some methods that could make  students still hesitating more confident about exchange.
Finnish health care and social work students' perceptions of Finnish-English code-switching : a survey study
Da. Eto vopros! : prosodic development of Finnish students' read-aloud Russian during study in Russia
Mapping mobility in European higher education. Volume II, Case studies
The challenge of culture in student exchange : case H.O.T.E.L. Atlantis, first cohort
Our's is not the only way
Chinese students' perceptions of cooperative learning in Finland
Bologna Conference Student mobility in the European higher education area 2010 : Conference report : March 17th - 18th, 2005, Bad Honnef, Germany
Internationalization in teacher education. Vol. 5, Mobilities
How finnish exchange students experienced culture shock in People's Republic of China
Peer interactions in new content and language integrated settings
Survival guide for incoming Nepalese students to Finland
Culture matters : an international educational perspective
Emotional investments during the Year Abroad: A case study of a British ERASMUS student in Italy
Analyzing and enhancing the image and content of online courses for non-Finnish students and non-Finnish courses at TAMK and amk.fi portal
Avoiding culture shock : exposure to unfamiliar cultural environments and its effect on exchange students
The Process of Creating a Guidebook for a New Erasmus Intensive Programme Coordinator
