http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20990 ECEC partnership
ECEC partnership early childhood education and care partnership parent-professional partnership
Family and school partnership in a function of strenghtening individual upbringing work
Learning across levels : challenges of collaboration in a small-firm network
Journal of Early Childhood Education Research
Family factors and the educational success of children
Developing quality care for young children : how to turn early care settings into magical places
Promising practices for partnering with families in the early years
Beyond the classroom : parents as partners in education
Partnerships in education research : creating knowledge that matters
Parents as partners : parentsʼ views on their involvement in the pedagogical partnership at the Oulunkylä English Kindergarten
Voices behind and beyond the label : the master narrative of ADHD (de)constructed by diagnosed children and their parents
Home-school connections in a multicultural society : learning from and with culturally and linguistically diverse families
Home-school partnership in a multicultural society
Working towards the best for our children: worker's guidebook for the children's ministry of the United Community Church
Collaborative practitioners, collaborative schools
Early years education : major themes in education. Volume 3 : policy and practice in early education and care
Toward a home-school health partnership : a participatory action research study, 2008-2010
Teaching & communicating : rethinking professional experiences
Working with parents in early years settings
Young learners, diverse children : celebrating diversity in early childhood
Multicultural parents and pedagogical partnership : parents' views on municipal daycare in the metropolitan area : "We learn from each other, everywhere and in every kind of situations"
Handbook of school-family partnerships
Expertise of early childhood educators
Towards more ethical engagements in North–South education sector partnerships
Families, professionals, and exceptionality : positive outcomes through partnerships and trust
Early childhood education and care partnership in Finland
Partnerships for inclusive education : a critical approach to collaborative working
Where children come first : a study of the P.T.A. idea
Facilitating practitioner research : developing transformational partnerships
Social capital, lifelong learning and the management of place : an international perspective
Multicultural parents and pedagogical partnership. Parents' views on municipal daycare in the metropolitan area. : "We learn from each other, everywhere and in every kind of situations."
This monograph analyses and describes successful educational actions with a specific focus on vulnerable groups (i.e. youth, migrants, cultural groups e.g. Roma, women, and people with disabilities). Concrete data that shows success in school performance in subject matters such as math or language will be provided, as well as children, teachers and families accounts of the impact of this success. Alongside, there is an analysis of the relationship between these childrens educational performance with their inclusion or exclusion from different areas of society (i.e. housing, health, employment, and social and political participation). Many studies have already diagnosed and described the causes of educational and social exclusion of these vulnerable groups. This monograph, however, provides solutions, that is, actions for success identified through the INCLUD-ED project, thus providing both, contrasted data and solid theoretical background and development. Some examples of these actions are interactive groups (or heterogeneous grouping in the classroom with reorganisation of human resources), extension of the learning time, homework clubs, tutored libraries, family and community educative participation, family education, or dialogic literary gatherings. All these actions have been defined as successful educational actions, which mean that they lead to both efficiency and equity. Finally, recommendations for policy and practice are included and discussed.
Successful educational actions for inclusion and social cohesion in Europe
School dining in Finland : learning and well-being
Indigenous educational models for contemporary practice : in our mother's voice, Vol. 2
