http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20991 entrances
entrances
Implementing a green philosophy in hotel lobbies, Finland
Bring on the next generation : a analysis of regenerated the Hakaniemi market square [sic]
Businesses have a responsibility to conform to continuously tightened environmental laws and regulations as well as deliver more ecological products and services to an environmentally conscious target market. As the hotel lobby serves as the first on-site experience to a customer entering a hotel, the thesis scope on implementing a green philosophy was narrowed to this area. Focus was on the functional tangible elements of the lobby's service design. In order to investigate and answer the research question: 'how should green philosophy be implemented in hotel lobbies', hotels which had been granted the Swan label by SFS Ecolabelling were chosen as the population of the research. These hotels readily implemented environmental criteria to reduce their impact on the environment and perhaps could serve an example of the thesis topic.     The research population was located in Helsinki metropolitan area of Finland. The research was carried out in two parts. A questionnaire was made by using a web based program for collection of more detailed data on products and equipment used in lobby premises. The main research was the observational research done on-site in the hotel lobbies of population which had agreed on the visit. For this part of the research photographs were taken of the tangible elements which reflected, or did not reflect ecological values. Most of the research was qualitative but the quantitative nature of the research questionnaire could not be overlooked and therefore also included a small quantitative element. Factors of research were mostly based on Swan label criteria relevant to hotel lobbies.    Results indicated that hotel lobbies have not been given much attention in fulfilling environmental criteria and implementing a green philosophy had room for improvement. A GREENBOOK check-list was written into the appendix to give guidance to management in implementing a green philosophy in the hotel lobbies. Several factors must be considered in developing more ecological lobbies including recycling, energy- and water-consumption as well as ergonomics. Service flow and safety are not to be forgotten. The scope of the thesis could have covered developing an entire hotel, but would have been overwhelmingly broad as a thesis topic. Ideas which derived for further research can be examined in the concluding chapters.
The something
