http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20906 key customer status
key customer status
Different customers create different amount of value to the company and therefore, they should not be treated equally. The commissioner of the thesis was Company X. The thesis consists of two parts: A case study backed up with a limited theory background. In the theory section the thesis shortly discusses matter behind growth, customer relationship marketing and its benefits, customer relationship management and customer value. It also describes the first steps of the Key Account Management process and how that further can be used in order to manage the important customers. Two different researches were executed as a part of this thesis: a statistical analysis based on the customer and sale project database and interviews on the selected customers. The objective of the statistical analysis was to do a research based on the customer information available in the company's CRM system between years 2006 and 2011. The interviews aimed at getting information to complete the findings of the statistical analysis. The majority of the participants who answered to the questionnaire believed that the long term supplier relationships are the way to go. Also, the participants gave weight to a pointed-out contact person. Furthermore, and objective was to find out the relative importance between new and existing customers and how the key customer relationships have performed over the years, when trying to acquire a balance between gathering new customers and investing in to existing ones. Also, a sales figure based customer categorization was created in order to help the analysis. The statistical analysis pointed out noticeable differences between the importance of different customers and sale projects. It turned out that a large proportion of the projects and customers were small in terms of value for the company and that the majority of turnover came from a small amount of selected key- and regular customers. The goal of an analysis of this kind is to act as a basis for upcoming development projects and for the company management and employers in order to understand the types of customers and their relative importance. The appendices have been left out from the public version of this work.
Very few books take the long-term, team-selling strategic view of KAM that this book takes. Focusing on implementation rather than theory, Key Account Management is a highly practical book with a unique yet simple planning methodology for identifying, obtaining, retaining, and developing key customers.
Key customers : how to manage them profitably
Customer database analysis for developing management : case study: Company X
Key account management : the definitive guide
The effect of organizational structure and key account management on organizational success
Successful key account management in a week
Business-To-Customer Relationship Marketing for Travel Industry : The role of commitment
Handbook of strategic account management : a comprehensive resource
Improving key customer relationships : in the case of company X
Key account management : strategies to leverage information, technology, and relationships to deliver value to large customers
Understanding and enhancing relationship value processes in the cruise and ferry segment : case STX Finland Turku shipyard
Sales support : enhancing key account managers' communication at Unilever Finland Oy
Listening to the customer : case: company X
Key account management : tools and techniques for achieving profitable key supplier status
This title shows how to keep key accounts strong. Based on the Miller Heiman LAMP training programme, this dynamic approach to account planning shows how to devise a strategic action plan for managing key accounts, manage accounts effectively and profitably, and build long-term relationships with clients.
Key account management in a case company
Key account acquisition and retention in the United Kingdom private medical insurance market : case study: AXA PPP healthcare
The new successful large account management : how to hold on to your most important customers and turn them into long-term assets
Profitability as a criterion in key account selection : evidence from a professional services organization
Principled selling : how to win more business without selling your soul
Principled selling ;  how to win more business without selling your soul
Customer knowledge processing in key account management
Key account management : the fast track to world best practice
"A complete compilation of the established knowledge in strategic account managementThough companies expend tremendous effort to upkeep electronic and social media and mass marketing, they often overlook the value of strategic account management (SAM). This handbook is a compilation of papers that address researched knowledge of SAM across the academic community. Filling a void in the existing academic literature, Handbook of Strategic Account Management identifies key issues awaiting exploration. Each paper includes an overall summary of the tenets of SAM and a list of references, creating an indispensable resource for academic readers, students, and researchers. Written by an editing team with experience teaching SAM in company workshops, both of whom are members of SAMA, which has more than 3,000 members and bases in the United States and Europe Includes contributions from all over the world representing the balanced, researched body of knowledge in SAM Those looking to enhance their companies' relationships and bolster their businesses need look no further than this comprehensive collection of the latest knowledge in SAM"--
Low-budget marketing for rookies
