http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20996 M-theory
M-theory
Coloured universe and the Russian avant-garde : Matiushin on colour vision in Stalin's Russia 1932
The thought of Mikhail Bakhtin : from word to culture
"Psychological Theories of Learning in the Workplace is an advanced textbook that provides a fascinating overview of the most important psychological theories of learning and their practical application to organisational or workplace learning. It explains theories on: Adult learning, Workplace learning, Informal learning, Reflective practice, Experiential learning, Organisational and interorgani-sational expansive learning. Rigorously underpinned with contemporary psychological theories of learning, this book will be essential reading for all trainee and practicing educational psychologists, organisational psychologists, researchers and students in the field of Lifelong learning, Educational policy makers, students, researchers and teachers in Higher Education. A unique feature of this textbook is that each chapter combines a case study by a situated academic researcher and a co-author from business or industry together with a detailed overview of the psychological theory underpinning the learning process. The chapters have been written by key figures in education, psychology, and cognitive science and encompass a comprehensive range of conceptual perspectives on learning theory offering a wealth of new insights to support innovative research directions"-- Provided by publisher.
"This book is an introduction to the semiotic theory of one of the most original thinkers of the twentieth century, the Russian literary scholar and semiotician Yuri Lotman. The book offers a new look at Lotman's profound legacy and attempts to demonstrate how Lotman's holistic theory, transcending the traditional boundaries of academic disciplines, offers a genuinely interdisciplinary approach to culture. This study also makes Lotman accessible to a larger audience not limited only to specialists in Slavic studies and semiotics, covering a wide range of topics, from artificial intelligence to the role of an individual in history"--
Dialogism : Bakhtin and his world
Conversations with Lotman : cultural semiotics in language, literature, and cognition
The strangest man : the hidden life of Paul Dirac, quantum genius
After Bakhtin : essays on fiction and criticism
J. M. Keynes in retrospect : the legacy of the Keynesian revolution
Analysis and metaphysics : essays in honor of R. M. Chisholm
Democracy and exchange : Schumpeter, Galbraith, T.H. Marshall, Titmuss and Adam Smith
Nursing models for practice
Friendship in feminist conversation : festschrift for Ulla M Holm
The ultimate business guru book : 50 thinkers who made management
The economics of choice, change, and organization : essays in memory of Richard M. Cyert
The Bakhtin circle : in the master's absence
The case of Peter Pan or The impossibility of children's fiction
The Blackwell companion to major social theorists
Nursing theories and models
Cicero on politics and the limits of reason : the Republic and Laws
A prolific philosopher who also held Rome's highest political office, Cicero was uniquely qualified to write on political philosophy. In this book Professor Atkins provides a fresh interpretation of Cicero's central political dialogues - the Republic and Laws. Devoting careful attention to form as well as philosophy, Atkins argues that these dialogues together probe the limits of reason in political affairs and explore the resources available to the statesman given these limitations. He shows how Cicero appropriated and transformed Plato's thought to forge original and important works of political philosophy. The book demonstrates that Cicero's Republic and Laws are critical for understanding the history of the concepts of rights, the mixed constitution and natural law. It concludes by comparing Cicero's thought to the modern conservative tradition and argues that Cicero provides a perspective on utopia frequently absent from current philosophical treatments.
Bakhtin and the visual Arts / Deborah J. Haynes
Critiques of everyday life
Culture : the anthropologists' account
Nursing Science : major paradigms, theories and critiques
Madeleine Leininger : cultural care diversity and universality theory
The texture of culture : an introduction to Yuri Lotman's semiotic theory
Theories of Learning for the Workplace is an advanced textbook that provides a fascinating overview of the most important psychological theories of learning and their practical application to organisational or workplace learning. It explains theories on: Adult learning, Workplace learning, Informal learning, Reflective practice, Experiential learning, Organisational and interorganisational expansive learning. Rigorously underpinned with contemporary psychological theories of learning, this book will be essential reading for all trainee and practicing educational psychologists, organisational psychologists, researchers and students in the field of Lifelong learning, Educational policy makers, students, researchers and teachers in Higher Education. A unique feature of this textbook is that each chapter combines a case study by a situated academic researcher and a co-author from business or industry together with a detailed overview of the psychological theory underpinning the learning process. The chapters have been written by key figures in education, psychology, and cognitive science and encompass a comprehensive range of conceptual perspectives on learning theory offering a wealth of new insights to support innovative research directions.
The genius of Alexander the Great
Origins of quality management
The Blackwell companion to major contemporary social theorists
A philosophy of second language acquisition
The philosophy of Roderick M. Chisholm
Bakhtin between east and west : cross-cultural transmission
The Bakhtin circle : philosophy, culture and politics
Nursing theories : the base for professional nursing practice
Theories of learning for the workplace : building blocks for training and professional development programmes
"Professional learning, lifelong learning, adult learning, learning in different contexts and workplace learning have become of more and more interest and now dominate all aspects of 21st century school life. Learning is no longer stock and recall but development and flow. Psychological Theories of Learning in the Workplace offers fascinating overviews into some of the most important psychological theories of learning and how they are practically applied to organisational or workplace learning. With each chapter co-authored by an academic researcher and an expert in business or industry, this unique book provides both practical case studies combined with thorough analysis of various theories and models of learning. Key figures in education, psychology and cognitive science present a comprehensive range of conceptual perspectives on learning theory, offering a wealth of new insights to support innovative research directions. Containing overviews of theories from Schön, Argyris, Senge, Engestrøm, Ericsson, Kolb, Boud and Mezirow, this book discusses: - Adult learning; - Workplace learning; - Informal learning; - Reflective practice; - Experiential learning; - Organisational and inter-organisational expansive learning. Combining theory and practice, this book will be essential reading for all trainee and practicing educational psychologists, organisational psychologists, researchers and students in the field of Lifelong learning, Educational policy makers, students, researchers and teachers in Higher Education"-- Provided by publisher.
House : the wounded healer on television : Jungian and post-Jungian reflections
Analysis and evaluation of conceptual models of nursing
How does dialogical self theory appear in the light of cognitive analytic therapy? : two approaches to the self
Radio modernism : literature, ethics, and the BBC, 1922-1938
Ronald Dworkin on law as integrity : rights as principles of adjudication
Aby Warburg and the image in motion
