http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20950 vitality
vitality
Arctic social indicators : ASI II: implementation
Breeding for robustness in cattle
State of Europe's forests 2011 : status and trends in sustainable forest management in Europe
State of Finland's forests 2007 : based on the criteria and indicators of sustainable forest management
Objective ethnolinguistic vitality and identity among Swedish-speaking youth
Resettlement from the Russian North : an analysis of state-induced relocation policy
Fitness & health
State of Finland's Forest 2011 : based on the criteria and indicators of sustainable forest management
National vitality : its wastes and conservation
Arctic social indicators : a follow-up to the Arctic human development report
The vitality of Russia
Globalization and language vitality : perspectives from Africa
The way we did it : Finnish rural development programmes 2000-2006
Wildlife habitat management : concepts and applications in forestry
Resettlement from the Russian North : an analysis of state -induced relocation policy
The innovation imperative : architectures of vitality
State of Finland's forests 2011 : based on the criteria and indicators of sustainable forest management
Forms of vitality : exploring dynamic experience in psychology, the arts, psychotherapy, and development
Abstract: Arctic human development report (AHDR).
Extending the collective consumption of brands
"In his new book, eminent psychologist - Daniel Stern, author of the classic The interpersonal world of the infant, explores the hitherto neglected topic of "vitality" - that is, the force or power manifested by all living things. Vitality takes on many dynamic forms and permeates daily life, psychology, psychotherapy and the arts, yet what is vitality? We know that it is a manifestation of life, of being alive. We are very alert to its feel in ourselves and its expression in others. Life shows itself in so many different forms of vitality. But just how can we study this phenomenon? Till now, this has been a topic considered impervious to any kind of scientific study, but according to the Stern, it is possible to trace vitality to real physical and mental operations-- including movement, time, perception of force - as well as spatial aspects of the movement and its underlying intention. Within this fascinating book he shows how an understanding of vitality can help the psychotherapeutic process (including a look at the developmental origins of forms of vitality) and looks at how these theories of vitality might fit with our current knowledge of the workings of the brain. Truly a tour de force from a brilliant clinician and scientist, Forms of Vitality is a profound and absorbing book - one that will be essential reading for psychologists, psychotherapists, and those in the creative arts".
Tropical galling insects in a changing environment : responses to bottom-up manipulations, forest harvesting and fragmentation
