http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20960 gurus
gurus
The wish-fulfilling jewel : the practice of guru yoga according to the Longchen Nyingthig tradition
Gurus in America
The last guru : the significance of J. Krishnamurti for the modern world
In the presence of Sai Baba : body, city, and memory in a global religious movement
Creativity/anthropology
The graceful guru : Hindu female gurus in India and the United States
The Guru Granth Sahib : canon, meaning and authority
Hinduism and modernity
Bhaktisiddhanta Sarasvati : the context and significance of a modern Hindu personalist
Knowing the Gururumba
The God-Man : the life, journey and work of Meher Baba with an interpretation of his silence and spiritual teaching
Guru Nanak's religion : a comparative study of religions
Gurū Nānak and the Sikh religion
Guruji : a portrait of Sri K. Pattabhi Jois through the eyes of his students
Profiles, five film-makers from India : V. Shantaram, Raj Kapoor, Mrinal Sen, Guru Dutt, Ritwik Ghatak
Becoming the compassion Buddha : Tantric Mahamudra for everyday life : a commentary on the Guru Yoga practice called the inseparability of the Spiritual Master and Avalokiteshvara : a source of all powerful attainments written by His Holiness the Dalai Lama at the age of nineteen
The founder of the Hare Krishnas as seen by devotees : a cognitive study of religious charisma
The meaning of life
Hidden worlds : travel into inner space
The cauliflower
My Pilates guru : your ultimate Pilates instructor
Call of the great master
The ultimate business guru book : 50 thinkers who made management
Murder in the ashram
A guru is born : a novel
The Lord as guru : Hindi sants in North Indian tradition
Hindu religious life of Ezhavas; study based on field work done in Murukkumpula, town in Trivandrum District, Kerala, during July 1984- Aug. 1985.
Religious life of the Ilavas of Kerala : change and continuity
Eat, pray, love : one woman's search for everything
Indian female gurus in contemporary Hinduism : a study of central aspects and expressions of their religious leadership
Inside the guru's gate : ritual uses of texts among the Sikhs in Varanasi
"Mata Amritanandamayi (Amma) is the face of religion in the a new global age. Born in 1953 to a low-caste family in a southern Indian fishing village, she has catapulted to international prominence in recent decades through her travels, humanitarian programs, and the ever-increasing explosion of new centers in and outside of India, including the US, Canada, Europe, East Asia, Africa, and South America. Today 8-10 million people around the world identify as Amma devotees. Known throughout the world as the "hugging saint," she is famous for her elaborate darshan ceremonies, where as many as 50,000 people are embraced by the guru one at a time -- an event that can take up to three days and nights nonstop. This book is an in-depth examination of the Amma phenomenon and her American devotees. Amanda J. Huffer suggests that standard dichotomies within American religious studies are being broken down as notions of self and other, Asia and the West, goddess and human, become unsettled by way of Amma's highly performative darshan events. Huffer argues that an unprecedented egalitarian impulse is taking shape within the community, one that challenges long-held interpretations of Hindu religiosity and goddess worship. Through an in-depth ethnographic encounter with Amma devotees, she skillfully examines the new face of this fast-growing global religious movement"--
Holy madness : the shock tactics and radical teachings of crazy-wise adepts, holy fools, and rascal gurus
Reflections of Amma : devotees in a global embrace
Guru Nanak : his mystic teachings
As good as god : the guru in Gauḍīya Vaiṣṇavism
A search in secret India
Guru puja '73 : a summer celebration of love and light, Alexandra Palace, London, 13, 14, 15 July, 1973.
Sree Narayana Guru : saint, philosopher, humanist
Indian female gurus in contemporary hinduism : a study of central aspects and expressions of their religious leadership
The teachings of Padmasambhava
Hindu India : another approach to its multiflorous religious culture ; collected essays
Sikhism and its Indian context 1469-1708 : the attitude of Guru Nanak and early Sikhism to Indian religious beliefs and practices
Feet of clay : saints, sinners, and madmen : a study of gurus
An introduction to Divine Light Mission
"Globally known as Amma, meaning Mother, Mata Amritanandamayi has developed a massive transnational humanitarian organization based in hugs. She is familiar to millions as the "hugging saint," a moniker that derives from her elaborate darshan programs wherein nearly every day 10,000 people are embraced by the guru one at a time, events that routinely last 10-20 hours without any rest for her. Although she was born in 1953 as a low caste girl in a southern Indian fishing village, today millions revere her as guru and goddess, a living embodiment of the divine on earth. Reflections of Amma focuses on communities of Amma's devotees in the United States, showing how they endeavor to mirror their guru's behaviors and transform themselves to emulate the ethos of the movement. This study argues that "inheritors" and "adopters" of Hindu traditions differently interpret Hindu goddesses, Amma, and her relation to feminism and women's empowerment because of their inherited religious, cultural, and political dispositions. In this insightful ethnographic analysis, Lucia discovers how the politics of American multiculturalism reifies these cultural differences in "de facto congregations," despite the fact that Amma's embrace attempts to erase communal boundaries in favor of global unity"--
