http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20919 child marriage
child marriage
I love you but you always put me last
Family violence
Families of the Bible : a new perspective
Do children stabilize marriages?
Social scientists claim that we now live in a post-race society, where race has been replaced by 'ethnicity'. Yet racism is endemic to British society and people often think in terms of black and white. With a marked rise in the number of children from mixed parentage, there is an urgent need to challenge simplistic understandings of 'race', nation and culture, and interrogate what it means to grow up in Britain and claim a 'mixed' identity. Focusing on mixed-race and inter-ethnic families, this book not only explores current understandings of 'race', but it shows, using innovative research techniques with children, how we come to read race. What influence do photographs and television have on childrens ideas about 'race'? How do children use memories and stories to talk about racial differences within their own families? How important is the home and domestic culture in achieving a sense of belonging? Ali also considers, through data gathered from teachers and parents, broader issues relating to the effectiveness of anti-racist and multicultural teaching in schools, and parental concerns over the social mobility and social acceptability of their children. Rigorously researched, this book is the first to combine childrens accounts on 'race' and identity with contemporary cultural theory. Using fascinating case studies, it fills a major gap in this area and provides an original approach to writing on race.
Mixed-race, post-race : gender, new ethnicities, and cultural practices
You, me & other people
New times : new families
Days of awe : a novel
Stealing innocence : child marriage and gender inequality in Pakistan
Orthodox Christian parenting : cultivating God's creation
The meaning of marriage : family, state, market, and morals
The captive wife : conflicts of housebound mothers
For the love of a son
Family law : cases and materials. 2004 supplement
The marriage of opposites : a novel based on the life of Rachel Pizzarro
The forgotten waltz
A daughter's a daughter
Does God hate women?
Sexual attraction and childhood association : a Chinese brief for Edward Westermarck
Exploring marriages and families
Children in the Church today : an Orthodox perspective
Before I go to sleep
"If my daughter runs away, I will drink poison" : (In)dividual honour and the gendered nature of child marriage in southern Rajasthan, India
Everything and nothing
Tigers in red weather
Learning by heart
Crossing the color line : race, parenting, and culture
When fathers ruled : family life in Reformation Europe
Demographic yearbook 2002 = Annuaire démographique 2002
Astonishing splashes of colour
Mother's Milk
When your parent moves in : every adult child's guide to living with an ageing parent
Before I go to sleep : a novel
Parenthood in modern society : legal and social issues for the twenty-first century
Bromley ́s family law
Family relationships in later life
Our cheating hearts : love and loyalty, lust and lies
A thousand splendid suns
Family law
Peony in love : a novel
Child marriage in India : socio-legal and human rights dimensions
Rabbit hole
Marriage, divorce, and children in ancient Rome
House of Angels
The amateur marriage
Family law : cases and materials
Mother's milk : a novel
The guest cottage
"From the New York Times bestselling author of The Dovekeepers and The Museum of Extraordinary Things: a forbidden love story set on the tropical island of St. Thomas about the extraordinary woman who gave birth to painter Camille Pissarro the Father of Impressionism"-- Provided by publisher
Among the ten thousand things
The light between the oceans
The beach house
Family law. Volume 1, Society and family
This is the story of a fracturing family in a moment of crisis. Over the course of three weeks in present-day Washington DC, three sons watch their parents' marriage falter and their family home fall apart. Meanwhile, a larger catastrophe is engulfing another part of the world: a massive earthquake devastates the Middle East, sparking a pan-Arab invasion of Israel. With global upheaval in the background and domestic collapse in the foreground, Jonathan Safran Foer asks us - what is the true meaning of home? Can one man ever reconcile the conflicting duties of his many roles - husband, father, son? And how much of life can a person bear?
Family fragments?
Violence against women and girls : lessons from South Asia
Aftermath : on marriage and separation
Bastardy and its comparative history : studies in the history of illegitimacy and marital nonconformism in Britain, France, Germany, Sweden, North America, Jamaica and Japan
John from Cincinnati
Finnish yearbook of population research. XLVIII, 2013
The Roman family
What I loved
Mixed feelings : the complex lives of mixed-race Britons
Love in China
Marriage - divorce - remarriage : challenges and perspectives for Christans = Mariage - divorce - remariage : defis et perspectives chretiennes
Islamic family law
