http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20972 surfaces
surfaces
This book deals with the reflection of electromagnetic and particle waves by interfaces. The interfaces can be sharp or diffuse. The topics of the book contain absorption, inverse problems, anisotropy, pulses and finite beams, rough surfaces, matrix methods, numerical methods, reflection of particle waves and neutron reflection. Exact general results are presented, followed by long wave reflection, variational theory, reflection amplitude equations of the Riccati type, and reflection of short waves. There are new chapters on periodically stratified media, ellipsometry, chiral media, neutron reflection and reflection of acoustic waves. The chapter on anisotropy is much extended, with a complete treatment of the reflection and transmission properties of arbitrarily oriented uniaxial crystals.
Materials and surface engineering in tribology
Peat extraction runoff water purification in treatment wetlands constructed on drained peatlands in a cold climate
Usually geomorphology, structural geology and engineering geology provide descriptions of slope instability in quite distinctive ways. This new research is based on combined approaches to providing an integrated view of the operative slope processes. 'Slope Tectonics' is the term adopted here to refer to those deformations that are induced or fully controlled by the slope morphology, and that generate features which can be compared to those created by tectonic activity. Such deformation can be induced by the stress field in a slope which is mainly controlled by gravity, topography and the geological setting created by the geodynamic context. The content of this book includes slope-deformation characterization using morphology and evolution, mechanical behaviour of the material, modes of failure and collapse, influence of lithology and structural features, and the role played by controlling factors. The contributions cover broad aspects of slope tectonics that attempt to underline a multidisciplinary approach, which should create a better framework for studies of slope instability.--
Handbook of surface and interface analysis : methods for problem-solving
Surface : textures, finishes and materials for stylish interiors
Controlling water on polypropylene surfaces with micro- and micro/nanostructures
Empirical studies on multiangular, hyperspectral, and polarimetric reflectance of natural surfaces
Functional surfaces for microfluidics in biomolecular analysis
Evaluation of growth models used in the Swedish Forest Planning System Heureka
Evaluation of certain food additives and contaminants : sixty-seventh report of the Joint FAO/WHO Expert Committee on Food Additives
Theory of reflection : reflection and transmission of electromagnetic, particle and acoustic waves
The ozone transfer between atmosphere and vegetation : a study on Scots pine in the field
Applications of dynamic speckles in optical sensing
The effect of annual ring orientation and drying method on deformations, casehardening and colour of silver birch (Betula pendula) boards
Phase structure and surface morphology effects on the optical properties of nanocrystalline PZT thin films
Release of soil phosphorus during runoff as affected by ionic strength and temperature
Surfaces : visual research for artists, architects, and designers
Relative importance of mass and volume changes to global sea level rise
Groundwater-surface water interactions in esker aquifers : from field measurements to fully integrated numerical modelling
Fabrication of hierarchically structured polymer surfaces
Road vehicles : measurement of road surface friction
The wettability properties of nano- and micro-modified paint surfaces
An essential guide to electronic material surfaces and interfaces
Atomic and electronic transport on surfaces and interfaces
Rough surfaces
Mathematical modelling of flow and transport as link to impacts in multidiscipline environments
An analysis of succesful natural regeneration of Downy and silver birch on abandoned farmland in Sweden
Investigation on the correlations between particle properties and filtration characteristics of different samples
Soft surfaces : visual research for artists, architects and designers
Handbook of micro/nanotribology
Modern hydrology and sustainable water development
Three-dimensional effects and surface breakdown addressing efficiency and reliability problems in avalanche bipolar junction transistors
Modelling of vegetative filter strips in catchment scale erosin control
Surfaces and their measurement
Three-dimensional surface topography
In this review I examine the geographical patterns of the Finnish mires and the role of regional and local factors that lead to their spatial differentiation. Finland can be divided into three roughly latitudinal mire zones (from south to north): the raised bog zone, the aapa mire zone, and the palsa mire zone. The development of the raised bogs is linked to the dominance of Sphagnum, leading to the growth of a thick peat layer that rises above the level of the mineral soil. The gross morphology of an aapa mire is typically inclined and concave. Here, Sphagnum species are less dominant, probably due to spring floods which keep the mire surface minerotrophic. Both raised bogs and aapa mires have typically regularly-patterned microtopography. Seasonal movements of microtopographical features of the aapa mires reflect the morphological dynamism of the mires. Mires are also important sources of information regarding past environmental changes. Their growth pattern is affected by environmental conditions and they respond sensitively to the changes in effective humidity and other climatic variables. Most of the present microtopographical patterns have formed during the last 3,000 years as a response to gradual cooling of climate. Research on Finnish peat deposits has shown, however, that not all peat-stratigraphical changes are caused by past climate variations. They can also be due to the natural growth dynamics of the mires, such as the long-term development towards drier conditions on the surface of the raised bogs, the rhythmic growth pattern of the low hummocks, and the local changes in water table resulting from growth of hummocks and hollows.
Friction test : surface measuring of test pieces on differently treated materials
3D in Photoshop : the ultimate guide for creative professionals
Forecasting probability distributions of forest yield allowing for Bayesian approach to management planning
The use of Chironomid Pupal Exuvial Technique (CPET) in freshwater biomonitoring : applications for boreal rivers and lakes
Surfaces and interfaces of solids
The effects of gypsum on the transfer of phosphorus and other nutrients through clay soil monolithss
On-chip purification of arc-discharge synthesized multiwalled carbon nanotubes via mobile liquid interface
Effect of thinning on stem form and wood characteristics of teak (Tectona grandis) in a humid tropical site in Costa Rica
Theoretical study of the oxidation of a pure and alloyed copper surface
How to cheat in 3ds Max 2011: get spectacular results fast
Gulf Stream and ENSO increasing the temperature sensitivity of Atlantic tropical cyclones
Geochemistry and water quality of Lake Qarun, Egypt
Assessment of cleanness of environmental surfaces in cattle barns and piggeries
Functional interfaces in epitaxial YBa2Cu3O7- with artificial grain boundary junctions
Numerical approximation of bicanonical embedding
Summary and outlook.
Architectural surfaces : details for architects, designers and artists
On the numerical solution of PDE on curved surfaces and its application
Synthesis and characterization of nanoperforated metal oxide thin films
Supersurfaces : folding as a method of generating forms for architecture, products and fashion
The woodfinishing book
Reconstructing sea level from paleo and projected temperatures 200 to 2100 ad
Advanced 0–3 ceramic polymer composites for high frequency applications
Dielectric characterization of powdery substances using an indirectly coupled open-ended coaxial cavity resonator
Improving the energy efficiency of processes : reduction of the crystallization fouling of heat exchangers
A physical analysis of sap flow dynamics in trees
Soil hydrological properties and conditions, site preparation, and the long-term performance of planted Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris L.) on upland forest sites in Finnish Lapland
Graphs, surfaces, and homology
"An Essential Guide to Electronic Material Surfaces and Interfaces is a streamlined yet comprehensive introduction that covers the basic physical properties of electronic materials, the experimental techniques used to measure them, and the theoretical methods used to understand, predict, and design them. Starting with the fundamental electronic properties of semiconductors and electrical measurements of semiconductor interfaces, this text introduces students to the importance of characterizing and controlling macroscopic electrical properties by atomic-scale techniques. The chapters that follow present the full range of surface and interface techniques now being used to characterize electronic, optical, chemical, and structural properties of electronic materials, including semiconductors, insulators, nanostructures, and organics. The essential physics and chemistry underlying each technique is described in sufficient depth for students to master the fundamental principles, with numerous examples to illustrate the strengths and limitations for specific applications. As well as references to the most authoritative sources for broader discussions, the text includes internet links to additional examples, mathematical derivations, tables, and literature references for the advanced student, as well as professionals in these fields. This textbook fills a gap in the existing literature for an entry-level course that provides the physical properties, experimental techniques, and theoretical methods essential for students and professionals to understand and participate in solid-state electronics, physics, and materials science research"--
Polymer wettability properties : their modification and influences upon water movement
Multifunctional superhydrophobic nanoparticle coatings for cellulose-based substrates by liquid flame spray
Digital imaging and infrared measurements of soil adhesion and cleanability of semihard and hard surfaces
Fabrication of functional surfaces using ultrashort laser pulse ablation
Time consumption of planting after partial harvests
Remarkable natural material surfaces and their engineering potential
Probabilistic modeling of landscape development and surface water body formation
Phosphorus status of diverse soils in Finland as influenced by long-term P fertilisation. 2, Changes of soil test values in relation to P balance with references to incorporation depth of residual and freshy applied P
Alterations in growth and canopy architecture among dwarf, semidwarf and tall oat lines grown under northern conditions
Large-scale nonsmooth optimization : variable metric bundle method with limited memory
The shapes of things : a practical guide to differential geometry and the shape derivative
This thesis examined hydrological processes such as snowmelt and groundwater discharge in drained peatland areas in the boreal zone. The studied processes were measured in situ using environmental tracers. Further, performance of a treatment wetland was studied during snowmelt and high flow. A GIS model was developed to estimate groundwater seepage areas in peatland systems surrounding eskers.It was found that soil frost had a clear impact on water quality during snowmelt. This was evident as lower suspended sediments, water colour and dissolved organic carbon concentrations, among other changes. The treatment wetland was found to reduce the suspended solids load during the snowmelt period and late autumn, while reductions in phosphorus and nitrogen loads occurred during summer. A sampling algorithm was built to test how different sampling frequencies affected the estimation of suspended solid loads from the constructed wetland. The results showed increasing uncertainty for sparser sampling (from weekly to monthly sampling), but the uncertainty remained high even at weekly sampling. The GIS model was tested on two eskers and shown to give a fair estimate of groundwater discharge locations. It can thus be used for improving aquifer protection in boreal eskers related to the drainage networks surrounding them. However, to be applied more widely, further efforts are required.The findings in this thesis could be used to develop better water management policies for peat extraction areas, or other industries operating in similar soils and climate. For example, meltwater could be allowed to temporarily bypass treatment facilities in areas with deep soil frost penetration. The wetland study showed that peatland-based wetlands are a suitable approach for improving water treatment performance even under variable hydraulic loads. The uncertainty in the estimated load from a small peat extraction catchment was high, which might limit the use of such data for some purposes. Load estimation methods using the concentration data collected during previous years might be able to reduce the uncertainty, but if the uncertainty needs to be lowered substantially use of sensor technology might be the only viable approach.
Glossmeters for the measurement of gloss from flat and curved objects
Computational studies of gold-absorbate complexes on modified oxides
Independent variables for optical surfacing systems : synthesis, characterization and application
Home decorating : covers all rooms, surfaces, styles and techniques
The surface texture book : more than 800 colour and texture samples for every surface, furnishing and finish
Recent global sea level acceleration started over 200 years ago
Deuterium excess record from a small Arctic ice cap
We applied gypsum (CaSO4×2 H2O) amendments to 100 m² plots within two clay-textured fields, one under shallow cultivation to 10 cm depth and the other ploughed to 20 cm depth. Unamended plots and plots subjected to a CaCO3 (finely ground limestone) application served as controls. Separate soil monoliths (30 cm in diameter, 40 cm in depth) were collected for laboratory rainfall simulations from all plots 7, 19 and 31 months after the initial application of the amendments. Water passed through the monoliths during these simulations was analysed for turbidity, dissolved and particulate phosphorus (DRP and PP), nitrogen species, dissolved organic carbon (DOC), as well as dissolved Ca²⁺, Mg²⁺, K⁺ and S, pH, and electrical conductivity (EC). Over the three-year monitoring period, gypsum amended soils exhibited substantial decreases in turbidity (45%), PP (70%), DRP (50%) and DOC (35%) relative to control samples. The effects gradually decreased with time, and after 31 months gypsum effects on P species were detectible, but no longer statistically significant. We consider gypsum amendments as a potential tool for slowing P loss from agricultural areas with high P loss potential.
Body painting : masterpieces by Joanne Gair
Radar remote sensing of planetary surfaces
The effect of cationic-anionic polyelectrolyte multilayer surface treatment on inkjet ink spreading and print quality
Alternative Art Surfaces : Mixed-media Techniques for Painting on More Than 35 Different Surfaces
Mechanics of wood machining
Oxygen dissociation and unsaturated hydrocarbon dehydrogenation reactions on copper surfaces
Bio-inspired functional materials
Reduced simple ratio better than NDVI for estimating LAI in Finnish pine and spruce stands
Runoff generation and load estimation in drained peatland areas
To move or to convene : regulatory circuits of mat fimbriae in Escherichia coli
The fusion of optical satellite imagery, strips of lidar data and field plots is a promising approach for the inventory of tropical forests. Airborne lidars also enable an accurate direct estimation of the forest canopy cover (CC), and thus a sample of lidar strips can be used as reference data for creating CC maps which are based on satellite images. In this study, our objective was to validate CC maps obtained from an ALOS AVNIR-2 satellite image wall-to-wall, against a lidar-based CC map of a tropical forest area located in Laos. The reference CC values which were needed for model training were obtained from a sample of four lidar strips. Zero-and-one inflated beta regression (ZOINBR) models were applied to link the spectral vegetation indices derived from the ALOS image with the lidar-based CC estimates. In addition, we compared ZOINBR and logistic regression models in the forest area estimation by using >20% CC as a forest definition. Using a total of 409 217 30 × 30 m population units as validation, our model showed a strong correlation between lidar-based CC and spectral satellite features (root mean square error = 12.8%, R2 = 0.82). In the forest area estimation, a direct classification using logistic regression provided better accuracy than the estimation of CC values as an intermediate step (kappa = 0.61 vs. 0.53). It is important to obtain sufficient training data from both ends of the CC range. The forest area estimation should be done before the CC estimation, rather than vice versa..
Biodegradation studies of recycled vegetable oils, surface-active agents, and condensing wastewaters
How to cheat in Photoshop CS6 : the art of creating realistic photomontages
Slope tectonics
On modelling surface waves and vertical mixing in the Baltic Sea
Surface Detail Mapping in 3D Modelling
CRC standard : curves and surfaces
Groundwater-surface water interactions in esker aquifers:from field measurements to fully integrated numerical modelling
Groundwater and its response to climate variability and change in cold snow dominated regions in Finland : methods and estimations
Tropical forest canopy cover estimation using satellite imagery and airborne lidar reference data
Surface modification of textiles
The impact of log pre-heating on birch veneer surface quality, bond formation and plywood performance
The hydrolysis of aluminium, a mass spectrometric study
Landscape mosaic in the treeline ecotone on Mt Rodjanoaivi, Subarctic Finland
Separation process modelling:highlighting the predictive capabilities of the models and the robustness of the solving strategies
Evaluation of certain food additives and contaminants : sixty-eighth report of the Joint FAO/WHO Expert Committee on Food Additives
The objective of this paper is to differentiate the landscape in the treeline ecotone in Subarctic Finland with an examination of its mosaic structure and functional role in treeline dynamics. Highly varying topography is a key factor controlling drainage conditions, vegetation, local climates and soils. Natural drainage classes, soil data (pH, Corg, Nt, C/N ratio, moisture) and dominant vegetation were used to characterize site conditions and to show the grouping of six representative sites along a synthetic topographical transect (model). The abrupt increase in soil moisture and pH values at the distal end of the lowest zones indicates a relatively sharp and ecologically important limit between well drained sites (ridge tops, upper valley side, interfluves) and valleys with both poorly and very poorly drained sites. Remains of birch wood in wind-scarps, hummocks and peaty layers give evidence of former open birch forest in present treeless sites. Forest decline has enforced the contrasts in site conditions between windswept and snow accumulating topography. The landscape mosaic and resultant site conditions are strongly influencing treeline dynamics and consequently, the landscape mosaic needs to be carefully considered when discussing the possible effects of the changing climate in the treeline ecotone.
Sea level changes on the Finnish coast and their relationship to atmospheric factors
Surface design in architecture : trend forecast and design collection development for Graphic Concrete
Evaluation of importance of sapwood senescence on tree growth using the model lignum
Materials for Interior Environments
Duplex treatment of steel surface
Functional properties of bio-inspired surfaces
Novel carbon coatings and surface texturing for improving biological response of orthopedic implant materials
Surface behavior of anti-evaporative tear film wax esters
Treatment of surface water with hydraulically cleaned reverse osmosis modules
Quantum chemical potential energy surfaces for small hydrocarbon molecules
Anthropogenic forcing dominates sea level rise since 1850
High field NMR studies of solids and surfaces
Bis-phenol A: orgin, fate, dilemma and the effects of increased background organics on its adsorption by powdered activated carbon
Homology theory is a powerful algebraic tool that is at the centre of current research in topology and its applications. This accessible textbook will appeal to mathematics students interested in the application of algebra to geometrical problems, specifically the study of surfaces (sphere, torus, Mobius band, Klein bottle). In this introduction to simplicial homology - the most easily digested version of homology theory - the author studies interesting geometrical problems, such as the structure of two-dimensional surfaces and the embedding of graphs in surfaces, using the minimum of algebraic machinery and including a version of Lefschetz duality. Assuming very little mathematical knowledge, the book provides a complete account of the algebra needed (abelian groups and presentations), and the development of the material is always carefully explained with proofs given in full detail.
About 62 percent of Finland's current surface area has been covered by the waters of the Baltic basin at some stage. The highest shorelines are located at a present altitude of about 220 metres above sea level in the north and 100 metres above sea level in the south-east. The nature of the Baltic Sea has alternated in the course of its four main postglacial stages between a freshwater lake and a brackish water basin connected to the outside ocean by narrow straits. This article provides a general overview of the principal stages in the history of the Baltic Sea and examines the regional influence of the associated shore displacement phenomena within Finland. The maps depicting the various stages have been generated digitally by GIS techniques.Following deglaciation, the freshwater Baltic Ice Lake (12,600-10,300 BP) built up against the ice margin to reach a level 25 metres above that of the ocean, with an outflow through the straits of Öresund. At this stage the only substantial land areas in Finland were in the east and south-east. Around 10,300 BP this ice lake discharged through a number of channels that opened up in central Sweden until it reached the ocean level, marking the beginning of the mildly saline Yoldia Sea stage (10,300-9500 BP). As the connecting channels rose above sea level, however, the Baltic Sea became confined once more, to form the Ancylus Lake (9500-8000 BP). During its existence the outflow channel to the ocean shifted to the Straits of Denmark and the major lake systems of central Finland became isolated from the Baltic basin. After the brief Mastogloia transition phase, a greater influx of saline water began to take place through the Straits of Denmark, marking the Litorina Sea stage (7500- 4000 BP), to be followed by a somewhat less saline stage known as the Limnea Sea. After a transgressive period early in the Litorina Sea stage, shoreline displacement in Finland has proceeded at a steadily declining rate.
Novel micro- and nano-technological approaches for improving the performance of implantable biomedical devices
Isotopic fingerprints in surficial waters : stable isotope methods applied in hydrogeological studies
Furniture makeovers : simple techniques for transforming furniture with paint, stains, paper, stencils, and more
Shadow catchers : camera-less photography
Map of the sources of Snake River : with its tributaries together with portions of the headwaters of the Madison and Yellowstone from surveys and observations of the Snake River Expedition
Late Weichselian and Holocene shore displacement history of the Baltic Sea in Finland
Mires of Finland: Regional and local controls of vegetation, landforms, and long-term dynamics
[Abstract].
Knotted surfaces and their diagrams
Investigations of surface morphology, friction, elasticity and adhesion by SFM : examples from metallurgy, polymer science and biology
Design and validation of stateful composite RESTful web services
Modification and applications of micro-structured polymer surfaces
Treatment and characterisation of oily wastewaters
Tivistelmä (abstract in Finnish)
On the optical inspection of pharmaceutical compacts and punches
Light - science & magic : an introduction to photographic lighting
Prevention of fouling on paper machine surfaces
Optical measurement techniques : innovations for industry and the life sciences
Getting a feel for tactile space
Patterns in Estonian bogs as depicted in color kite aerial photographs
Handbook of adhesives and surface preparation : technology, applications and manufacturing
Metallien korroosionestomaalaus = Anti-corrosive painting of metals. Osa 2 = Part 2, Kenttätestausmenetelmät I = Field test methods I.
This book introduces the fascinating world of plasmonics and physics at the nanoscale, with a focus on simulations and the theoretical aspects of optics and nanotechnology. A research field with numerous applications, plasmonics bridges the gap between the micrometer length scale of light and the secrets of the nanoworld. This is achieved by binding light to charge density oscillations of metallic nanostructures, so-called surface plasmons, which allow electromagnetic radiation to be focussed down to spots as small as a few nanometers. The book is a snapshot of recent and ongoing research and at the same time outlines our present understanding of the optical properties of metallic nanoparticles, ranging from the tunability of plasmonic resonances to the ultrafast dynamics of light-matter interaction. Beginning with a gentle introduction that highlights the basics of plasmonic interactions and plasmon imaging, the author then presents a suitable theoretical framework for the description of metallic nanostructures. This model based on this framework is first solved analytically for simple systems, and subsequently through numerical simulations for more general cases where, for example, surface roughness, nonlinear and nonlocal effects or metamaterials are investigated.--
Optical properties of metallic nanoparticles : basic principles and simulation
Changes in a Knitted Fabric's Surface Properties Due to Enzyme Treatments
Influence of surface structuring on physical and mechanical properties of polymer-cellulose fiber composites and metal-polymer composite joints
Comparison of growth and physiological responses to severe drought between two altitudinal Hippophae rhamnoides populations
Logging residues and ground vegetation in nutrient dynamic forest
