http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20918 forced marriage
forced marriage
Wither
The registrar's manual for detecting forced marriages
" Borisav Stanković's classic novel, Bad Blood (Nečista krv, 1910), tells the tragic story of Sofka, a woman of otherworldly beauty, who marries a twelve-year-old boy in order to save her family from financial ruin. Bad Blood is regarded as the first Serbian psychological novel, and it left a profound influence on writers as diverse as Meša Selimovć, Ivo Andrić, Dobrica Ćosić and Vuk Drašković. Sofka, a legendary beauty, enters a society that is going to destroy her. Her apparently civilized parents prove themselves to be the villains of her fate when they arrange, for a price, an incestuous marriage into a primitive country family to protect their own selfish interests. Only love and death manage to hold the world together. Sofka in the end takes her revenge on life by giving birth to three stunted, semi-retarded children, who, she earnestly hopes, will curse her name one day and regret the fact that they were ever born. Borisav Stanković belongs to the tradition of Serbian storytellers who described the regions where they were born and raised, which in his case was Vranje, an obscure south Serbian market town close to Macedonia. Under Turkish rule, a Serbian upper class had formed which upheld the unquestioned tradition of Turkish feudal and caste relations between the estate owners and the serfs. This class dictated a patriarchal way of life to the extended family with coarse mediaeval laws and customs that not only regulated morality, but forged the chains of psychic slavery as well. Stanković was born in 1876. His family was once wealthy, but had long since fallen on hard times. His father died when he was five, and his mother when he was seven. He was raised by his grandmother, Zlata, who enchanted him with stories from Vranje's past; these tales became the source of most of his short stories and novels. " -- (Serbian Classics Press)
Continuity and change in African cultures
Religion, culture and the politicization of honour-related violence : a critical analysis of media and policy debates in Western Europe and North America
The trader's sister
The red queen
The lady of the rivers
Queen Margot. 2 : The bloody wedding
In secret
Marriage rites and rights
Bright young things
Fifty shades freed
Matched
The book of fate
Peony in love : a novel
Married by force
The Zahir : a novel of obsession
A thousand splendid suns
The vegetarian : a novel
The zahir : a novel of Obsession
All he ever wanted : a novel
Wicked lovely
The taming of the shrew
The Zahir
The magic of ordinary days
The lady of the Rivers
Does God hate women?
Slavery in international law : of human exploitation and trafficking
Saving Grace
Triumph : life after the cult : a survivor's lessons
Secrets of the henna girl
The knight and the rose
A Thousand Splendid Suns
