http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20986 sustainable tourism
sustainable tourism
General principles for sustainable nature tourism in protected areas administrated by Metsähallitus, Finland
Tourism geography : a new synthesis
The Effects of Sustainable Tourism on the Pygmies of Cameroon
Sustainability and the development of tourism
National parks in Italy : sustainable tourism marketing strategies
Education for sustainability in tourism : a handbook of processes, resources, and strategies
The Tourism phenomenon : past, present, future
Abstract: Research on the development needs of water-based tourism in Lake Oulujärvi - Entrepreneurs'.
Tourism : change, impacts and opportunities
The influence of residents' perceptions on their support to voluntourism projects
Case study : the amethyst mine of Luosto as a sustainably developing visitor attraction
Sustainable Tourism Development in Rural Azerbaijan
Community-based tourism in Nicaragua : a socio-cultural perspective
Liminality in paradise : a study in utopianism at the Punta Mona community
Does Voluntourism Fulfill the Criteria of Sustainable Tourism?
Towards better tourism : development plan for Colors of Zanzibar
Developing the Rainforest Tourism Products in Hainan Island  : Case: Hainan Yanoda Rainforest Culture Tourism Zone
Roles of travel agencies of Nepal in promoting ecotourism
WWOOF Volunteers in Japan : Development of Hotani Nature Farm
WWOOF Volunteers in Japan – Development of Hotani Nature Farm
Rural areas around the world are facing serious problems today such as aging and declining population due to loss of employment opportunities and services. Many rural areas have turned to tourism in search of a better future and it has shown its potential to sustain rural communities by providing significant income and opportunities. However, badly managed tourism development can also destroy rural communities, which are extremely fragile to rapid social changes. Tourism can act as a saviour or destroyer. Theoretical part of this thesis is based on various literature and examines the principles of rural tourism, sustainability and the importance of social sustainability in the development and management of rural tourism. The aim of this thesis is to evaluate the potential of tourism as a socially sustainable tool for rural development, specifically in a small Chinese village of Mutianyu under the Great Wall. A specific focus is on The Schoolhouse company, an up-scale lodging and restaurant company in the village, opened in 2006. The village has obtained major economical benefits from tourism, but there is little research done how tourism has actually socially affected the community. The aim is to evaluate whether this kind of development can sustain the village community in a socially sustainable way and thus whether it could be adopted in other rural areas as well in the future. The study is planned to mainly assist The Schoolhouse in future tourism development.        The empirical part of this thesis consists of twelve qualitative theme interviews conducted in Mutianyu with community members. The interviews were conducted in September 2009 and each lasted 20 to 30 minutes. The results show that villagers have gained significant economical benefits and increased incomes from tourism development and they put great value to it. The villagers also perceive better infrastructure and built environment as major positive impacts of tourism, whereas increased traffic, noise and air pollution as negative impacts. The attitude towards tourism is generally highly positive, while attitudes towards The Schoolhouse are surprisingly indifferent, although clearly more positive than negative. According to this study tourism can be used as a socially sustainable tool for rural development, but careful management, balancing and community involvement are required. The needs and opinions of local villagers need to be taken into account in all tourism planning and social impacts need to be proactively assessed. The Schoolhouse appears to offer a good model for socially sustainable tourism development, but there are also some recommendations for future, to reduce the social problems caused by, for example, increasing noise and traffic.
Sustainable Tourism Development in post-war Rwanda: Gisenyi
Sustainable tourism : a global perspective
Sustainable destination marketing guide. 2011, Market your destination for sustainable economic environmental social and cultural success
Double strategy towards sustainable tourism : offers for visitors and opportunities for people employed in tourism in the Wadden Sea National Park in Schleswig-Holstein
Ecotourism, NGOs and development : a critical analysis
Water-based tourism, sport, leisure and recreation experiences
Sustainability in hospitality : how innovative hotels are transforming the industry
Networks for innovation in sustainable tourism : case studies and cross-case analysis
Sustainable tourism in rural Europe : approaches to development
The ethical travel guide : your passport to exciting alternative holidays
International cases in sustainable travel & tourism
Marketing for tourism
Environmental Impacts of Tourism : Case: Pyynikki Outdoor Recreation Area
Environmental management and sustainable tourism development in the Annapurna region, Nepal
Tourism: Change, Impacts and Opportunities provides a comprehensive and balanced discussion of the impacts of tourism. The authors address the nature of tourism and tourists and the economic, physical and social impact that can result from their activity. New approaches to impact assessment are also considered. A wide range of examples from developed and developing countries illustrate the points raised in the text. This timely and perceptive book is essential reading for anyone involved in tourism planning or development and is also suitable for students of geography, planning, economics and sociology.
Recreation and tourism induced changes in northern boreal environments
The tourism-development nexus in Namibia : a study on national tourism policy and local tourism enterprises' policy knowledge
Well-being in tourism and recreation : book of abstracts
Tourism development in Cat Ba Island in Northern Vietnam
Sustainable hunting tourism : business opportunity in northern areas? : overview of hunting and hunting tourism in four northern countries: Finland, Sweden, Iceland and Canada
Perceptions of Ecotourism in Finland
Tourism, poverty alleviation and nature conservation : the state of contemporary research
Tjäreborg's hiking tour in Madeira – an ecotourism product?
Promotion and Development of Tourism in Namibia
Ecological Promises and Execution in hotel chains. Case: Restel Cumulus and Scandic
“One drop at a time" : towards sustainable tourism
Hospitality industry : development and management
Luisa Wolter examines the travel motivations and interests of natural park visitors to Mallorca with a special focus on sustainable tourism development. The data for the study were collected from tourists in the two natural parks sAlbufera and Llevant in the North of Mallorca. Based on the results of the analysis, natural area managers can develop new products and marketing strategies that address their very own visitors, contribute to the sustainable development of their region, and influence the visitors views and behaviors by raising environmental awareness. Contents Sustainability Nature-Based Tourism Tourist Demand Impacts Target Groups Researchers, students, and professionals in the field of tourism, destination marketing and management The Author Luisa Wolter completed her bachelors degree in Tourism Management and her masters degree in Tourism and Destination Development at the University of Applied Sciences Hochschule Harz, Wernigerode.
Abstract: Slow Tourism Now and in the Future
Sustainable tourism futures : perspectives on systems, restructuring, and innovations
CROSS-BORDER GREEN CARE CLUSTER YLITORNIO – ÖVERTORNEÅ: CHALLENGES AND OPPORTUNITIES
The economics of tourism [Ellibs-kirja]
Sustainable tourism development in Nepal
Sustainable tourism in Southern Africa : local communities and natural resources in transition
Nature and tourism: tools for sustainability : international conference 22-24 May 2007, Arctic Centre, University of Lapland, Arktikum house, Rovaniemi, Finland : abstract book
Finnish comparative report : Naantali and Moominworld (Finland) : 28, September, 2006 : the Finnish team
Scientific tourism : researchers as travellers
Sustainable tourism in nature areas
PENTUR - Plan Estratégico de Turismo : the role of strategic tourism plan in Peru
Tourism as a socially sustainable tool for rural development : case Mutianyu village, China
Green growth and travelism : letters from leaders
Taking responsibility for tourism : responsible tourism management
Nature-based tourism in Mallorcas natural areas : the benefits of tourism for natural areas
Rural tourism in Finland
Abstract: Tourism in Finland.
Economic Impact of Ecotourism in Mount Cameroon Region
Tourism as a socially sustainable tool for rural development - Case: Mutianyu village, China
Sustainable tourism : from mass tourism towards eco-tourism
CouchSurfing - a choice for travellers
Tourists' vacation choice structure : influence of values and implications for green tourism
Role of community forestry in rural livelihood and poverty alleviation in Ohangwena and Caprivi Regions in Namibia
Tourism impacts globally upon ecology, economies, peoples, cultures and the built environment, so development must be sustainable to preserve the environment and culture it exploits. Taking an interdisciplinary perspective, this volume presents a comprehensive synthesis of the diverse considerations, language and terms particular to sustainable tourism. Written by a global team of academics and practitioners to reflect sustainable tourism from a truly worldwide perspective, this book:- Includes entries covering all aspects of sustainability and tourism, helpfully categorised into; 'Types' of tourism; common 'Terms'; important 'Organizations' and 'Awards'; key 'Treaties' and 'Schemes'; as well as 'Technical' aspects of sustainable tourism development.- Presents detailed cross referencing between entries; suggestions for further reading and relevant websites; and is fully referenced with an extensive bibliography.- Features a foreword from the Chair of the Global Sustainable Tourism Council (GSTC) and over 180 illustrations.Throughout the encyclopedia, terms are clearly explained by the originators of the concepts or key thinkers, augmented by contemporary perspectives from emerging scholars.A comprehensive resource for anyone wanting to gain a broad understanding of sustainable tourism, it may be used as both a handy reference for definitions as well as a valuable reader for key topics.
Tourists' interest in participating sustainability activities while travelling
Desert tourism : tracing the fragile edges of development / edited by Virginie Picon-Lefebvre with Aziza Chaouni
Communities as a part of sustainable rural tourism - success factor or inevitable burden? : proceedings of the Community Tourism Conference, 10th-11th September 2013 in Kotka, Finland
Sustainable destination marketing guide. 2012, A new way of looking at sustainable tourism marketing..
Marine wildlife and tourism management : insights from the natural and social sciences
Sustainable tourism development in Croatian rural areas : tourist experiences, economic and social benefits
Slow Tourism Now and in the Future
Ecolabelling the Hotel Industry : The Nordic Ecolabel
Higher ground : How to travel responsibly without roughing it
Surf tourism and its social impacts : case Krui village, Indonesia
Using natural and cultural heritage to develop sustainable tourism in non-traditional tourist destinations
A sustainable tourism strategy for Suomenlinna
Managing sustainable tourism : a legacy for the future
Event management and sustainability
Does Voluntourism Fulfill the Elements of Sustainable Tourism?
Promotion and Development of Tourism in Cameroon
National parks and tourism : answers to a global question from the International Competence Network of Tourism Management (ICNT)
Practicing responsible tourism : international case studies in tourism planning, policy, and development
Slow tourism now and in the future
Sustainable tourism in biosphere reserves of East Central European coutries : case studies from Slovakia, Hungary and the Czech Republic
Potential of Ecotourism in Finland
Ecotourism : principles and practices
Indigenous people and economic development : an international perspective
Resumen: Rural tourism in Finland.
The encyclopedia of sustainable tourism
Development of sustainable entreneurship and support of local handicrafts in the rural Azerbaijan : project mid-term evaluation report
Tourism in the Green Economy : background report
Leadership and governance for sustainable tourism : proceedings of summer school 2014
Sustainable Model for Arctic Regional Tourism (SMART) : final report
Young future tourism professionals and ethical tourism
Sustainable tourism development strategy for Kvarken Archipelago World Heritage Site 2011
Tourism and Nature Conservation in Koillismaa Region, Northern Finland
Sustainable tourism and large protected areas : analysis models and success criteria of a sustainable tourism management using the example of the Alps
Sustainability of nature-based tourism
Only planet : a flight-free adventure around the world
Sustainable tourism on a finite planet : environmental, business and policy solutions
Tourism alternatives : potentials and problems in the development of tourism
The influence of the accomodation sector on tourism development and its sustainability : case study: Strand Camping, Larsmo
Rural tourism and sustainable business
Ecology, recreation and tourism
Global geotourism perspectives
Tourism-related informal interaction in Chembe, Malawi : an ethnographic study
Encountering the changing Barents : research challenges and opportunities
Towards sustainable tourism in Finland : the results of an eco audit experiment in ten tourist enterprises and suggestions for further measures
The whole tourism industry relies greatly on careful planning and different strategies that should be constantly measured and developed. The tourism sector of Peru has shown a steady growth during the past years. The historical and natural sites more or less form the basis for incoming tourism in Peru and it is essential to have a tourism plan that also ensures the protection of these sites as well as develops the tourism products and services in destinations. The most recent attempt to support the tourism industry of Peru, the strategic plan called PENTUR (Plan Estratégico Nacional de Turismo) was launched by the Ministry of Foreign Trade and Tourism (MINCETUR) in 2004. The purpose of the plan is to include both the public and private sectors in tourism development in different areas of Peru. By supporting the local communities financially and through education, tourism can become a sustainable industry, boosting the economic situation of the communities, as well as helping to preserve the natural, cultural and historical heritage. At its launch PENTUR was harshly criticised by tourism industry professionals and it stills faces a lot of accusations of not delivering what it promises. The theoretical framework concentrates a lot on strategic planning and sustainable tourism but also leans greatly on the information about Pentur, provided by MINCETUR. The objective of this thesis was to find out how tourism service providers of Peru evaluate PENTUR and its achievements. The research was conducted by using a questionnaire which was sent to Peruvian travel agencies. Besides using the questionnaire, different internet sources that include opinions about Pentur, were also used. As sustainable tourism development is also a key concept in this thesis, three different projects are presented to enlighten the connection between the industry and the local communities.
Tourism impacts, planning and management
Successful sustainable development in tourism : a case study of Side Pilot Project, Turkey
Tourism industry is one of the fastest growing industries in the world. Hence ethical and responsible tourism are getting increasingly more value as the amount of travelers constantly grows. This thesis focuses on ethical and responsible tourism as well as on young future tourism professionals' relationship over ethical tourism. The objectives of the thesis, commissioned by Reilun matkailun yhdistys ry, were to find out young future tourism professionals thougths over ethical tourism, how aware they are of it and to survey whether ethicalness affects in their travel behavior and decision making before and during a trip. Similarly the thesis aimed to provide the commissioning association valuable and utilizable information for their future operations as messengers of ethical and responsible tourism. Also HAAGA-HELIA University of Applied Sciences was aimed to be an exploiter of the research results as the students' relationship towards ethicalness and working life was studied as well. The theoretical framework of the thesis consisted of three main parts: ethicalness, responsible tourism and sustainability in tourism. Plenty of literature was reviwed in order to assure the scientific approach in thesis. Also Internet sources were used to support the literature sources. The research method used was quantitative in order to survey a large target group and collect statictical data. The target group for the research was HAAGA-HELIA University of Applied Sciences' tourism students studying in Porvoo and Haaga units. A questionnaire was created with Webropol online solution and was sent centralized to the target group. The survey consisted of multiple choice questions as well as a scaled and an open ended question. The results of the research showed the survey participants' great interest towards ethical tourism and expressed clearly the respondents opinion over the importance of ethical tourism.
The eco-travel guide
Tourists' interest in participating sustainablity activities while travelling
Market analysis of sustainable tourism in the Central Baltic Sea region / Etelä-Suomen matkailun kehitys oy.
Sustainable Tourism Management along the Camino de Santiago Pilgrimage Routes
To enlarge the travel markets From Shanghai and Turku (Shanghai CITS, Ltd.)
Sustainable Tourism Development in Nepal, Case: Suomen Latu ry
Global tourism
The future of European tourism
Marketing national parks for sustainable tourism
To enlarge the travel markets from Shanghai to Turku (Shanghai CITS, Ltd.)
Business Tourists' Opinions of Radisson Blu Royal Hotel Vaasa as a Business Hotel
Towards sustainable growth in nature-based tourism destinations : clients' views of land use options in Finnish Lapland
Environmentally Friendly Luxury Hotel : case: Grand Palace Hotel, Riga, Latvia
PENTUR – Plan Estratégico Nacional de Turismo - The role of Strategic Tourism Plan in Peru
Interest in fair-trade traveling
Current methodology and future challenges of protected area planning and management frameworks
Ecotourism and Sustainability: Social Impacts on Rural Communities : Case: San Luis Potosí, Mexico
