http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20939 plants used in groups
plants used in groups
Is prosopis a curse or a blessing? : an ecological-economic analysis of an invasive alien tree species in Sudan
Encyclopedia of annuals and perennials
Pots in the garden : expert design and planting techniques
A linkage map of spring turnip rape based on RFLP and RAPD markers
Absolutely beautiful containers : the ABC's of creative container gardens
Socioeconomic evalution of land-use alternatives in the Blue Nile flood basin of the Sudan
Animism in rainforest and tundra : personhood, animals, plants and things in contemporary Amazonia and Siberia
Ethnic diversity and the control of natural resources in Southeast Asia
Armitage's manual of annuals, biennials, and half-hardy perennials
500 essential container plants : window boxes, balconies, patios
Ball redbook. Volume 2, Crop production
Those who touch : Tuareg medicine women in anthropological perspective
The greenhouse and nursery handbook : a complete guide to growing and selling ornamental container plants
The Sa'dan-Toraja : a study of their social life and religion. 1, Organization, symbols and beliefs
Pots & plants : inspired year-round ideas for your outside space
Materials and sustainable development
Bedding plants : prolonging shelf performance : postproduction care & handling
Chemical plant growth retardants (PGR's) are widely used to decrease plant height and increase quality in commercial bedding plant production. Spraying is most used application method. Usually it has to be given in  certain stage of plant development and it has to be repeated. After the  spraying working in the greenhouse is not allowed. Giving the recommendation of PGR-use in concentration is a common  way. It gives a lot of space for variation of actual amount of PGR that a plant absorbs. Effect of the amount of absorbed PGR-solution was a main  question of this study. Liner dip is an application method, which could solve many of the  disadvantages of the spray-applications. It is pretransplant method: One  dipping of young plant plugs to the PGR solution before transplanting to cultivation pots is enough.  Usability of the method in the cultivation of seed propagated plants or  usability of other chemicals than triazoles, has not been studied earlier. In this study the crop was seed propagated petunia and chemicals tested were  plant growth retardant flurprimidol (product name Topflor) and  propiconazole (Tilt), a fungicide from triazoles -group. According the results of this study, actual amount of absorbed PGRchemical  is more important than the concentration of the given PGR-solution. The application method is suitable also for the seed propagated  plants and flurprimidol acts very well as PGR with the liner dip method.  On the ground of this study, propiconazole is not a suitable chemical for  the method.
Mandak realities : person and power in central New Ireland
Raspberries and blackberries : their breeding, diseases and growth
The latest techniques for propagating crops with terminal, stem, and leaf/stem cuttings are the focus of this horticulture handbook. All the bases are covered - propagation basics, stock plant management, media, temperature, light, nutrition, plant growth regulators, insect and disease management, equipment, and postharvest handling. From these general subjects, the editors focus in on specifics for scores of specialty bedding plants, perennials, specialty cut flowers, and foliage plants. Then they zoom in even closer, covering more than 60 important floriculture crops in detail so propagators and growers can provide high-quality cuttings and young plants to the market.
Ornamental bedding plants
Variation in grazing tolerance and restoration of meadow plant communities
To remember the faces of the dead
Annuals and biennials
Bedding plants IV : a manual on the culture of bedding plants as a greenhouse crop
Ball redbook. Volume 1, Greenhouses and equipment
The chemical height control of seed propagated bedding plants with the liner dip application method : the effect of absorbed amount of plant growth retardant
Cocoa and kinship in Ghana : the matrilineal Akan of Ghana
Zulu medicine and medicine-men
Cutting propagation : a guide to propagating and producing floriculture crops
Containers with style
Successional changes in vegetation and carbon dynamics during boreal mire development
Annuals and biennials : the definitive reference with over 1,000 photographs
Motivation and hard work unite multicultural research team
Ball redbook. Vol. 2, Crop production
The political economy of the European Union : institutions, policy and economic growth
Pests and diseases
Ayahuasca shamanism in the Amazon and beyond
