http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20935 wood supply
wood supply
Sustainable use of renewable natural resources : from principles to practices
The effect of crop quality and pre-treatment on germination in Scots pine and Norway spruce seeds
Suomen metsänjalostuksen yleistilastoa 1.1.1994 = General statistics on forest tree breeding in Finland 1.1.1994
The politics of food supply : U.S. agricultural policy in the world economy
Bioenergy feasibility study - Berzasca, Romania
Abstract.
Wooden boats : restoration & maintenance manual
Central Asian waters : social, economic, environmental and governance puzzle
Water recycling and energy management in Virolan puutarha
Collecting, processing and germinating seed of wildland plants
Therapeutic landscapes : an evidence-based approach to designing healing gardens and restorative outsdoor spaces
Lawnmover manual : DIY maintenance, repair and renovation of rotary and cylinder lawnmowers
Towards sustainability : forestry and development in the Sudan : working paper to ESMAP, the World Bank Sudan fuelwood /forestry project feasibility - phase II
Advancing agricultural production in Africa : proceedings of CAB's first scientific conference Arusha, Tanzania, 12-18 Febr. 1984
Fitting out your boat : in fibreglass or wood
Greenhouse impacts of the use of peat and wood for energy
Tree seed management : seed sources, seed collection and seed handling : a field manual for field workers and farmers
Increasing productivity of multipurpose lands : IUFRO research planning workshop for Africa, Sahelian and North Sudanian zones, Nairobi, Kenya 9-15 January 1986
Small engine repair : 13 hp to 20 hp
The complete guide to sharpening
Fuelwood consumption and deforestation in African countries : Dennis Anderson, Robert Fishwick
Forest Bioenergy, Fuel Supply Chains 2008 : book of proceedings
A guide to repairing woodwinds
A new deal for school gardens
Industrial timberland ownership in the USA : arguments based on case studies
Energy wood potential, supply systems and costs in Tihvin and Boksitogorsk districts of the Leningrad region
State of the world 1988 : a Worldwatch Institute report on progress toward a sustainable society
The forgotten arts and crafts
The Petra pool-complex : a Hellenistic paradeisos in the Nabataean capital : (results from the Petra "lower market" survey and excavation, 1998)
Human health and forests : a global overview of issues, practice, and policy
Cordia alliodora : genetics and tree improvement
Bioenergy feasibility study : Berzasca, Romania
The self-sufficient life and how to live it : the complete back-to-basics guide
Working in harvesting teams : work environment, quality, production. Part 2, Practical production
Standard handbook for civil engineers
Proceedings of The Third International Symposium on Irrigation of Horticultural Crops : Estoril (Lisbon), Portugal 28 June - 2 July, 1999 : vol. 1 & 2
Abstract in english.
Sharpening small tools and some domestic appliances
Proceedings of the International Symposium on Greenhouse 2010 and Soilless Cultivation : Lisbon, Portugal August 22-27, 2010
Healing gardens : therapeutic benefits and design recommendations
Establishment of fuelwood plantations in Ethiopia
Wooden boatbuilding : build, restore, maintain
Construction methods, materials, and techniques
World wood fibre study. Vol. 1, Analysis and forecast
Practical woody plant propagation for nursery growers
Taunton's complete illustrated guide to sharpening
The importance of Eco-Agriculture is getting more and more serious nowadays because of rapid world population growth. People need food to live. Energy and water are two important facts for every plant to grow and develop. Without energy and water no food can be produced. Energy and water resources are not fairly distributed in this planet. In some areas like the Middle East and African countries water if the limiting fact for producing food. This is in a way that these countries have lots of energy resources and sun-shine. In other side of the world the situation is totally different. In European countries for example, water is not a problem. They have enough water resources but energy and sunlight is not enough for plants to grow and produce food.   Producing food in closed water system could be a good solution for Eastern countries with less water resources. In a closed water recycling system, the water could be mechanically treated or filtered and reused. This system has no harm for environment and ground water resources. In this thesis one of the most efficient water recycling systems in form of Hydroponic method of growing plants will be introduced. This closed system however has some problems like algal growth prevention which is one of the main topics of this work.
Gardens in healthcare facilities: uses, therapeutic benefits, and design recommendations
Cultural differences influencing the use of ICT and forest technology in German and Finnish foresters work
Microtia
