http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20954 ecotheology
ecotheology
Creation in crisis : Christian perspectives on sustainability
The Oxford handbook of religion and ecology
Earth in God's economy : creation, salvation and consummation in ecological perspective
In today's scattering world, challenged as it is by climate change, pollution and other forms of environmental degradation, developing an adequate theology of creation is not just an armchair luxury, but a vital task, a mission in which we are implicated whether we like it or not. Such an adequate theology of creation should allow theologians and believers in general to enter into processes of personal and social transformation that bring about justice between human beings and a sustainable relationship of humankind with non-human reality. The contributions to this volume take up the difficult task of developing an adequate theology of creation for our times. They seek to reflect on creation in our scattering world from multiple and diverse perspectives, engaging Scripture, old and new traditions, philosophy, ethics, science, Christology, ecclesiology, sacraments and the liturgy. The wealth and heterogeneity of perspectives gathered in this collection is a gift to be explored and cherished. The articles gathered in this book contribute to an urgently needed re-articulation of the idea of creation and offer to theologians the occasion to sound their own voice in the forum of those who attempt to answer the great challenges posed by the times in which we live.
Water marks our life
Abstract.
The author reclaims the patristic Christological use of perichoresis by showing how in bringing together different entities, such as God and Nature in unity as the one person of Christ, we can acknowledge the perichoresis between divine human and nature. Christological perichoresis supports the idea that the whole creation is included in God's recreated cosmos, in response to the redeeming power of Christ who entered the web of life as a creature. Trinitarian relationships bear a Christological message for intentional openness towards the other. Thus ecofeminism can be considered from a Christ. The author reclaims the patristic Christological use of perichoresis by showing how in bringing together different entities, such as God and Nature in unity as the one person of Christ, we can acknowledge the perichoresis between divine human and nature. Christological perichoresis supports the idea that the whole creation is included in God's recreated cosmos, in response to the redeeming power of Christ who entered the web of life as a creature. Trinitarian relationships bear a Christological message for intentional openness towards the other. Thus ecofeminism can be considered from a Christian view, realizing Christ's cosmic role in the salvation of the entire cosmos.
How much is enough? : Buddhism, consumerism, and the human environment
Eco-theology
There is also a large and growing consensus in the scientific community that resolving the environmental crisis will require massive changes in our political and economic institutions and new standards for moral and ethical behavior. In this groundbreaking book, Robert Nadeau makes a convincing case that these remarkable developments could occur if sufficient numbers of environmentally concerned people participate in the new dialogue between the truths of science and religion. Those who enter this dialogue will discover that the most fundamental scientific truths in contemporary physics and biology are analogous to and fully compatible with the most profound spiritual truths in all of the great religious traditions of the world. They will learn that recent scientific research has revealed that all of the 7 billion people on this planet are members of one extended human family and closely resemble other members of this family in genetic, cognitive and behavioral terms. And they will also learn that this research has also shown that we have an evolved and innate capacity to experience the other as oneself on the precognitive level and to engage in spontaneous moral behavior in the absence of feedback from higher level cortical processes associated with making conscious moral decisions. During the course of this discussion, it should become clear that there are two reasons why the new dialogue between the truths or science and religion could greatly enhance the prospects of resolving the environmental crisis. The first is that this dialogue can serve as the basis for articulating and disseminating an environmental ethos with a profound spiritual dimension. And the second is that the widespread acceptance of ethos could result in the fairly rapid emergence of well organized and highly effective worldwide movement in religious environmentalism.
Water : a matter of life and death
Worldviews and ecology : religion, philosophy, and the environment
Christianity and ecological theology : resources for further research
To discern creation in a scattering world
Christianity has often been accused for being complicit in ecological destruction. In response, Christian ecotheology offers both a Christian critique of environmental destruction and an ecological critique of Christianity. It thus encourages an ecological reformation of the Christian tradition for the sake of the whole earth. This volume focuses such a dual critique on the content and significance of the Christian faith in order to confront those aspects that may undermine an environmental praxis, ethos and spirituality. Each of the essays explores one of the core Christian symbols, seeks to capture the current state of the debate in this regard, identifies emerging horizons for such an ecological reformation and invites conversation on the road ahead. This volume includes essays on the trinity, Christology, pneumatology, creation, anthropology, natural suffering, providence, sin and salvation, the nature, governance, ministries and missions of the church, eschatological consummation, a Christian ethos, the role of liturgy, religious plurality andunderlying methodological problems. It thus complements several other discourses in ecotheology on biblical hermeneutics, a retrieval of particular traditions, environmental ethics, animal studies, ecclesial praxis, Christian missions and religion and ecology. The volume captures insights emerging from a collaborative research project on 'Christian Faith and the Earth' in which more than one hundred leading ecotheologians from six continents participated since 2007. It builds on the culminating conference of this project held in Cape Town in August 2012. It extends the conversation on the road ahead through inputs from contributing authors and various respondents.
Systematic theology and climate change : ecumenical perspectives
Resisting structural evil : love as ecological and economic vocation
'There are no unsacred places,' the poet Wendell Berry has written. 'There are only sacred places and desecrated places.' What might it mean to behold the world with such depth and feeling that it is no longer possible to imagine it as something separate from ourselves, or to live without regard for its well-being? To understand the work of seeing things as an utterly involving moral and spiritual act? Such questions have long occupied the center of contemplative spiritual traditions. In The Blue Sapphire of the Mind, Douglas E. Christie proposes a distinctively contemplative approach to ecological thought and practice that can help restore our sense of the earth as a sacred place. Drawing on the insights of the early Christian monastics as well as the ecological writings of Henry David Thoreau, Aldo Leopold, Annie Dillard, and many others, Christie argues that, at the most basic level, it is the quality of our attention to the natural world that must change if we are to learn how to live in a sustainable relationship with other living organisms and with one another. He notes that in this uniquely challenging historical moment, there is a deep and pervasive hunger for a less fragmented and more integrated way of apprehending and inhabiting the living world-and for a way of responding to the ecological crisis that expresses our deepest moral and spiritual values. Christie explores how the wisdom of ancient and modern contemplative traditions can inspire both an honest reckoning with the destructive patterns of thought and behavior that have contributed so much to our current crisis, and a greater sense of care and responsibility for all living beings. These traditions can help us cultivate the simple, spacious awareness of the enduring beauty and wholeness of the natural world that will be necessary if we are to live with greater purpose and meaning, and with less harm, to our planet. -- Review: Those who desire to live in touch with and to participate in the restoration of this luminous and possibly numinous earth will deeply appreciate The Blue Sapphire of the Mind Paul T. Corrigan, Interdisciplinary Studies in Literature and the Environment Douglas Christie has written a book that is at once beautiful and scholarly, both lyrical in its prose and impressive in its erudition. ... This text is highly recommended for use in a graduate courses in contemporary spirituality and/or ecotheology. Colleen Mary Carpenter, Journal of the American Academy of Religion Douglas Christie offers us a long and scholarly book that I have found both inspiring and challenging. Peter Reason, Resurgence & Ecologist In this remarkable book, Douglas Christie, a theologian and academic, sets out to explore the concept of contemplative ecology ... The writing is sparse and deep, clear and beckoning. Jules Pretty, Times Higher Education
Readings from the perspective of Earth
Gaia & God : an ecofeminist theology of earth healing
Radical human ecology : intercultural and indigenous approaches
Religions and environments : a reader in religion, nature and ecology
Religion and ecology in the public sphere
Evocations of grace : the writings of Joseph Sittler on ecology, theology, and ethics
Biblical prophets and contemporary environmental ethics : re-reading Amos, Hosea and First Isaiah
Religion, ecology & gender: East-West perspectives
Out of water and through water by the word of God : trinitarian theology of water
Ecotheology and the theology of eating : convergencies and contraversies
Hope for the suffering ecosystems of our planet : the contextualization of christological perichoresis for the ecological crisis
The blue sapphire of the mind : notes for a contemplative ecology
Joseph Sittler and early ecotheology
A non-philosophical theory of nature : ecologies of thought
Earth, faith and mission : the theology and practice of earthcare
"Despite three decades of scientists' warnings and environmentalists' best efforts, the political will and public engagement necessary to fuel robust action on global climate change remain in short supply. Katharine K. Wilkinson shows that, contrary to popular expectations, faith-based efforts are emerging and strengthening to address this problem. In the US, perhaps none is more significant than evangelical climate care. Drawing on extensive focus group and textual research and interviews, Between God & Green explores the phenomenon of climate care, from its historical roots and theological grounding to its visionary leaders and advocacy initiatives. Wilkinson examines the movement's reception within the broader evangelical community, from pew to pulpit. She shows that by engaging with climate change as a matter of private faith and public life, leaders of the movement challenge traditional boundaries of the evangelical agenda, partisan politics, and established alliances and hostilities. These leaders view sea-level rise as a moral calamity, lobby for legislation written on both sides of the aisle, and partner with atheist scientists. Wilkinson reveals how evangelical environmentalists are reshaping not only the landscape of American climate action, but the contours of their own religious community. Though the movement faces complex challenges, climate care leaders continue to leverage evangelicalism's size, dominance, cultural position, ethical resources, and mechanisms of communication to further their cause to bridge God and green."--Publisher's website.
Longing for running water : ecofeminism and liberation
What are they saying about environmental theology?
Orthodoxy and ecology : resource book
The Earth story in the Psalms and the Prophets
Ecojustice, social justice, and the Christian conscience Key Features: Mapping the ethical terrain of an imperiled planet Convincingly showing how ecojustice relates to economic justice Rethinking Christian ethics in light of the ecological crisis The increasingly pressing situation of Planet Earth poses urgent ethical questions for Christians. But, as Cynthia Moe-Lobeda argues, the future of the earth is not simply a matter of protecting species and habitats but of rethinking the very meaning of Christian ethics. The earth crisis cannot be understood apart from the larger human crisis - economic equity, social values, and human purpose are bound up with the planet's survival. In a sense, she says, the whole earth is a moral community. Reorienting Christian ethics from its usual anthropocentrism to an ecocentrism entails a new framework that Moe-Lobeda lays out in her first chapters, culminating in a creative rethinking of how it is that we understand morally. With this "moral epistemology" in place, she unfolds her notion of "moral vision" and applies it to the present situation in a full-fledged earth-honoring, justice-seeking Christian ethical stance.
Just water : theology, ethics, and the global water crisis
God, creation and climate change : spiritual and ethical perspectives
"Christians seeking to "save the planet" have to relate "reation" with "salvation" in a way that does justice to both themes. This volume explores the ways in which this task is approached in a wide range of recent theological movements. It includes 15 chapters with 87 sections by 54 authors from all over the world. On this basis this volume provides a barometer of contemporary theological movements." -Publisher's description.
Natural saints : how people of faith are working to save God's Earth
Much current commentary on climate change, both secular and theological, focuses on the duties of individual citizens to reduce their consumption of fossil fuels. In A Political Theology of Climate Change, however, Michael Northcott discusses nations as key agents in the climate crisis. Against the anti-national trend of contemporary political theology, Northcott renarrates the origins of the nations in the divine ordering of history. In dialogue with Giambattista Vico, Carl Schmitt, Alasdair MacIntyre, and other writers, he argues that nations have legal and moral responsibilities to rule over limited terrains and to guard a just and fair distribution of the fruits of the earth within the ecological limits of those terrains. As part of his study, Northcott brilliantly reveals how the prevalent nature-culture divide in Western culture, including its notion of nature as "private property," has contributed to the global ecological crisis. While addressing real difficulties and global controversies surrounding climate change, Northcott presents substantial and persuasive fare in his Political Theology of Climate Change. -- Publisher
The travail of nature : the ambiguous ecological promise of Christian Theology
An interdisciplinary analysis of the value of fresh water that generates timely and principled conclusions at the intersections of hydrology, ecology, ethics, theology, and Catholic social thought.
Divinanimality : animal theory, creaturely theology
Christian faith and the Earth : current paths and emerging horizons in ecotheology
Green Christianity : five ways to a sustainable future
Ecotheology and the practice of hope
Rebirth of the sacred : science, religion and the new environmental ethos
A political theology of climate change
Before nature : a Christian spirituality
Urban ecotheology
Only recently have theologians begun to think and write about the ecological crisis in a focused manner. It is clear, however, that people of faith must come to grips with that crisis and find a way of thinking about it in the context of their beliefs. In this book, Willis Jenkins offers an introduction to Christian environemntal ethics. Following observations of lived environmental theologies, he argues that they often draw on concepts and metaphors of grace, thus placing environmental issues within Christian experiences of salvation. Jenkins therefore surveys major strategies of Christian environmental ethics by mapping them onto major traditions of grace and uses this new map to explore afresh the ecological dimensions of three distinctive theologies of grace. Review: Just occasionally in a life of much reviewing one encounters a really major book... [a] theological blockbuster, clearly the fruit of vast reading and keenly intelligent reflection... there are very many riches in the book - explore them for yourself. Christopher Southgate, Reviews in Science and Religion this is a most welcome contribution to current ecotheology, one that would certainly enhance further discourse. Ernst Conradie, Theology
Christianity and the renewal of nature : creation, climate change and human responsibility
The creative impact of feminism on biopolitics : marriage of ecophilosophy and feminism - a recipe for a sustainable development
Lord and life-giver : Spirit today
Ecologies of grace : environmental ethics and Christian theology
Ecological hermeneutics : biblical, historical and theological perspectives
Many Heavens, One Earth is a collection of first-person voices from nine of the world religions. In fifteen articles, devotees and scholars reveal the contributions these traditions make to informing and motivating an ecological response to the environmental issues that beset planet earth. The spiritual messages of world religions have an indispensable and decisive role to play in addressing these environmental problems, for, at their root, these ecological issues are spiritual problems: Unless greed is replaced by moderation and sharing, materialism by spiritual insights and values, consumerism by restraint and simpler living, exploitation by respect and service, and pollution by caring and protection, nature's hospitality will be foolishly rebuffed, and therefore our descendants will inherit a polluted and depleted earth. Religion can be, and must be, a part of this replacement. Since at least 90% of the world's people claim allegiance to various major world religious traditions, religion can exert a crucial and transforming influence.
The earth story in Genesis
The Bible and the environment : towards a critical ecological biblical theology
The encyclopedia of religion and nature
Ecological destruction is taking place on such a scale that it prompts the need to make sense of the world in which we live and of this moment in history. This study explores the ecological significance of seeing the world as the whole household of the triune God and, more specifically, in terms of God's acts of house-holding (economy), including creation, salvation, and eschatological consummation.
Sacred Gaia : holistic theology and earth system science
Ecology & the Jewish spirit : where nature and the sacred meet
Ecologies of grace : environmental ethics and Christian Theology
The earth story in the New Testament
Green sisters : a spiritual ecology
The Earth story in wisdom traditions
Before Nature caps a set of themes first brought to the fore in Santmire's previous work, most notably the classic The Travail of Nature. Here Santmire continues the pursuit of a theology bound up with nature and its condition, especially the fragility and fervent expectation of nature's redemption. Out of this concern, Santmire invites readers on a theological and spiritual journey to a prayerful and contemplative knowledge of the Triune God, in which practitioners are inducted into a bountiful relationship with the cosmic and universal ministry of Christ and the Spirit uniting all of nature in a single vision of hope and anticipation. Scholarly, practical, and accessible.
At La Capilla de Santa Maria, parishioners weatherized their church in an effort to decrease the utility bills that took up a fifth of the annual budget. At Jubilee Community Church, parents and the education coordinator revised the Sunday School curriculum to integrate care of creation for all age levels. And at All People's Church in Milwaukee, the sanctuary became a free farmer's market on Sundays with produce grown by youth. Natural Saints shares the stories and strategies of contemporary church leaders, parishioners, and religious environmentalists working to define a new environmental movement, where justice as a priority for the church means a clean and safe environment for all. Mallory McDuff shows that a focus on God's earth is transforming both people and congregations, creating more relevant and powerful ministries. As a result, people of faith are forming a new environmental movement with a moral mandate to care for God's earth. McDuff highlights eight key ministries: protecting human dignity, feeding the hungry, creating sacred spaces, responding to natural disasters, promoting justice, making a pilgrimage, educating youth, and bearing witness. With two daughters in tow, she traveled across the country to document environmental actions grounded in faith. This journey transformed the author's own faith and hope for a sustainable future. Congregations and individuals seeking to integrate care of creation into their faith community will find inspiration and concrete advice in the lives of these natural saints. Review: "Mallory McDuff provides a narrative on the church's role with environmental issues that is rich with stories and contextual detail. This book is a must read for anyone interested in how churches are working to protect God's Creation." --Cassandra Carmichael, Director of Washington Office and Eco-Justice Programs, National Council of Churches "In her stories about cob ovens, toxic tours, mountaintop removal, and eco-Shabbat prayer, Mallory McDuff gives voice to grassroots individuals and movements that address hard questions of race, poverty, hunger and economics in 21st century America. She challenges religious communities to be 'partners for justice' not mere 'givers of charity.' We should all take notice." --Bill J. Leonard, Professor of Church History, the Divinity School, Wake Forest University "The action needed to protect the environment and provide a sustainable future will not happen without the moral voice that religion brings to the dialogue. McDuff brings those actions motivated by Christian values together with crucial environmental needs, demonstrating that merging the two will result in justice and reconciliation. This is an important book for understanding the role that religion will and must play in healing this wounded Creation." --The Reverend Sally G. Bingham, President, The Regeneration Project, Interfaith Power and Light Campaign "This plain-spoken book is both unsettling and hope-inspiring, as it surveys works of destruction and of healing across our land. McDuff offers detailed yet clear analyses of what motivates individuals, congregations, and organizations, and what makes their ministries effective. The breadth of coverage here gives readers the opportunity to widen their concerns and perhaps to find their own calling to work for the healing of the earth and of local communities." --Ellen F. Davis, author of Scripture, Culture, and Agriculture: An Agrarian Reading of the Bible"Every now a
The thou of nature : religious naturalism and reverence for sentient life
Recent decades have witnessed a surge of literature and activism from religious leaders and thinkers on the natural environment. Religions and Environments: A Reader in Religion, Nature and Ecology brings together some of the most thought-provoking examples of such writings from the nineteenth century up to today, spanning a variety of methodological approaches and religious traditions, viewpoints and locations. Religions and Environments: A Reader in Religion, Nature and Ecology depicts some of the diverse ways that religious narratives and practices have helped people connect to the physical world around them. To do so, it is divided into three parts: the wilderness, the garden, and the city. Traditions represented include nature spiritualities, Asian traditions, Judaism, Islam, Christianity, and indigenous traditions. Reflecting the most current scholarship in the study of religion and nature, as well as providing important historical essays, it draws on a range of perspectives and methodologies, including historical, theological, philosophical and literary methods. Each part contains a critical introduction by the editor which provides an overview of issues and guides students to key ideas. Section introductions also provide an overview of the specific issues which arise in the readings in each section. Each part also includes suggestions for further reading and resources on the topics, making this the ideal resource for courses on religion and the environment, religion and ecology, and religion and nature.
Many heavens, one earth : readings on religion and the environment
The ecology of coexistence and conflict in Cyprus : exploring the religion, nature, and culture of a Mediterranean island
In A Non-Philosophical Theory of Nature Anthony Paul Smith asserts that the old theological and philosophical ideas about the unnatural are no longer tenable. Parts of nature seem to be at war with one another - the human against the rest of the biosphere - and this is because our very understanding of the idea of nature that comes to us from philosophy and theology has perpetuated that war. Smith argues that the very idea of nature must be rethought as ecological, and towards that purpose uses the methodology of Francois Laruelle's non-philosophy to bring together the fields of philosophy, theology, and scientific ecology and treat them as ecological material. Out of this ecology of thought, a new theory of nature emerges for an ecological age.
Cosmology, ecology, and the energy of God
A quick internet search for spiritual ecology reveals tens of millions of websites and related terms, such as "religion and nature" or "religion and ecology." Spiritual Ecology: A Quiet Revolution offers an intellectual history of this far-reaching movement. Arranged chronologically, it samples major developments in the thoughts and actions of both historic and contemporary pioneers, ranging from the Buddha and St. Francis of Assisi to Wangari Maathai's Green Belt Movement and James Cameron's 2010 epic film Avatar. This foundational book is unique in that it provides a historical, cross-cultural context for understanding and advancing the ongoing spiritual ecology revolution, considering indigenous and Asian religious traditions as well as Western ones. Most chapters focus on a single pioneer, illuminating historical context and his/her legacy, while also connecting that legacy to broader concerns. Coverage includes topics as diverse as biologist Rachel Carson's celebrated 1962 book Silent Spring and the Green Patriarch Bartholomew's decades-long promotion of environmentalism as a sacred duty for more than 250 million members of the Orthodox Church worldwide.
Between God and green : how evangelicals are cultivating a middle ground on climate change
Earth Faith, and Mission is essentially about the way in which these three critical aspects of the Christian Church and life relate with one another, and argues that Earth-care is not an "optional extra" or a side issue, but part of what Christian mission is about.
The season of creation : a preaching commentary
Creation and salvation. Vol. 2, A companion on recent theological movements
