http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20916 clinical laboratory science
clinical laboratory science
Clinical microbiology procedures handbook
Lecture notes : clinical biochemistry
Manual of clinical microbiology / Vol. 2
Abstract.
Basic clinical laboratory techniques
Linné & Ringsrud's clinical laboratory science : concepts, procedures, and clinical applications
Blood science : principles and pathology
Canadian journal of medical laboratory science
Laboratory medicine is under constant pressure from changes in the operating environment. Organisational changes and tendering processes have led to a trend towards shorter turn-around times and more cost-effective choices. Analysis tools that were previously only available at research laboratories, such as the mass spectrometer and polymerace chain reaction (PCR), have now made their way to university hospital laboratories and even mid-sized laboratories. Organisational changes have increased the need to monitor the pre-analytical steps. The specimen can be drawn from the patient in a satellite laboratory, which may be located several hours from the central laboratory. The increased transportation times may change the analytical properties of the specimens, which is why the stability of different analytes should be investigated thoroughly in different temperatures. It should be born in mind that doctors are treating the patients based on the results they receive from the laboratory. To avoid possible malpractice, the analytical properties should remain reliable. Traditionally, some analyses have been carried out manually, which is known to be time-consuming and carries the possibility of wide intra-observatory mistakes. For that reason, it would be reasonable to perform some manual analyses, such as body fluid analysis, in an automated manner. Automating the manual steps taken in the laboratory would release labour for other tasks and may increase the cost-effectiveness of the work. Organisational changes have redirected the needs of a clinical laboratory towards automated options instead of manual ones and finding more economically-based alternatives to replace or complement traditional methods.
Abnormal laboratory results
Graff's textbook of routine urinalysis and body fluids
Manual of clinical microbiology. Vol. 1
Tietz fundamentals of clinical chemistry and molecular diagnostics
British journal of biomedical science
Evaluation of new laboratory methods for routine use
The science of laboratory diagnosis
Bailey and Scott's Diagnostic microbiology
Tietz fundamentals of clinical chemistry
eHealth and eWelfare of Finland : checkpoint 2011
Physiological chemistry : laboratory directions
The Scandinavian journal of clinical & laboratory investigation
Clinical chemistry and laboratory medicine : journal of the Forum of the European Societies of Clinical Chemistry, the European Branch of the International Federation of Clinical Chemistry and Laboratory Medicine
Immunohematology for medical laboratory technicians
Microbiology : a laboratory manual
Henry's clinical diagnosis and management by laboratory methods
Utilization of quality management systems in Finnish medical laboratories
Clinical laboratory science
Mathematics for the clinical laboratory
Phlebotomy essentials
Oxford handbook of clinical and laboratory investigation
Clinical laboratory hematology
Clinical laboratory science : journal of the American Society for Medical Technology
Tietz textbook of clinical chemistry and molecular diagnostics
Elsevier's medical laboratory science examination review
Clinical chemistry : fundamentals and laboratory techniques
Clinical chemistry and laboratory medicine
Hematology in clinical practice
Tietz textbook of clinical chemistry
Laboratory hematology practice
Point-of-care testing
