http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20929 irresponsibility
irresponsibility
The girl from the Chartreuse
Solitary man
A Start in life
Collective memory and corporate irresponsibility : a collection of essays
Matty mouse
Adam Sandler movies, HBO's Entourage, and such magazines as Maxim and FHM all trade in and appeal to one character - the modern boy-man. Addicted to video games, comic books, extreme sports, and dressing down, the boy-man would rather devote an afternoon to Grand Theft Auto than plan his next career move. He would rather prolong the hedonistic pleasures of youth than embrace the self-sacrificing demands of adulthood. When did maturity become the ultimate taboo? Men have gone from idolizing Cary Grant to aping Hugh Grant, shunning marriage and responsibility well into their twenties and thirties. Gary Cross, renowned cultural historian, identifies the boy-man and his habits, examining the attitudes and practices of three generations to make sense of this gradual but profound shift in American masculinity. Cross matches the rise of the American boy-man to trends in twentieth-century advertising, popular culture, and consumerism, and he locates the roots of our present crisis in the vague call for a new model of leadership that, ultimately, failed to offer a better concept of maturity. Cross does not blame the young or glorify the past. He finds that men of the "Greatest Generation" might have embraced their role as providers but were confused by the contradictions and expectations of modern fatherhood. Their uncertainty gave birth to the Beats and men who indulged in childhood hobbies and boyish sports. Rather than fashion a new manhood, baby-boomers held onto their youth and, when that was gone, embraced Viagra. Without mature role models to emulate or rebel against, Generation X turned to cynicism and sensual intensity, and the media fed on this longing, transforming a life stage into a highly desirable lifestyle. Arguing that contemporary American culture undermines both conservative ideals of male maturity and the liberal values of community and responsibility, Cross concludes with a proposal for a modern marriage of personal desire and ethical adulthood.
Climate change and individual responsibility : agency, moral disengagement and the motivational gap
Some lie and some die
Corporate social irresponsibility
Men to boys : the making of modern immaturity
About a boy
Unaccountable : how elite power brokers corrupt our finances, freedom, and security
A groundbreaking exposé that reveals the patterns and practices of a new and more sophisticated style of corruption that has infiltrated every level of society. Anthropologist Janine Wedel unmasks a fast-evolving system of power and influence that is unaccountable to those it is supposed to serve. This insidious form of corruption goes far beyond the usual targets of K Street lobbying or political bribery. The sweep of this new corruption is broader, and its practitioners remain beyond shame, suffering few consequences when exposed. Today academics, physicians, retired generals, even former heads of state exploit their prestige as a commodity. Think tanks, once the source of sober-minded studies, now often act as bullhorns for the powerful. Wall Street, unbowed by the 2008 crash, remains free to "innovate" into the next financial disaster. "Nonprofits" channel the agendas of billionaires and "grassroots" organizations are run from the top. Technology has even helped decimate journalism, the very profession that used to hold the elite to account. --From publisher description.
Corporate Social Irresponsibility focuses on ethical failures in order to relate corporate responsibility to business ethics, corporate governance, and organization effectiveness. The book advocates a strategic approach to CSR - ethical management cannot, and should not, be divorced from effective management. Corporate social responsibility has transitioned from oxymoron into a defining challenge of the twenty first century. Taking the recent financial crisis as a starting point, Alexander examines the underlying ethical and legal crises these events expose in the business world. The problems that have come to light go beyond issues of firm financial performance into the integrity of the manufacturing and marketing processes, and relations with consumers. As such, the book presents a model that resolves the apparent conflict between maximizing shareholder value, and meeting the interests of other firm stakeholders. Alexander presents a balanced view, contrasting her model with alternative approaches. The book also covers the impact of globalization on management, the ethics of outsourcing, the limits of regulation, as well as poverty alleviation and social entrepreneurship. Blending a comprehensive theoretical framework with a broad range of cases, this book covers the latest major changes in US legislation, as well as recent corporate scandals making it a valuable accompaniment to any course in CSR, business ethics, or business, government and society.
