http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20937 risk financing
risk financing
Risk tolerance in financial decision making
Better preparations required for disruptions in basic banking services
The optimal portfolio of start-up firms in venture capital finance
OTC derivatives: bilateral trading and central clearing : An introduction to regulatory policy, market impact and systemic risk
Success potential of a venture capital investment : a model to simulate venture capitalists' perception using fuzzy set theory
The Swedish venture capital
Raising start-up capital for technology-based entrepreneurial ventures : equity financing and subsidising
Risk appraisal and venture capital in high technology new ventures
The performance effects of venture financier initiated leadership discontinuity in startup context - case: Helmi Technologies, Inc
The analytics of risk model validation
Finnish financial system exposed to risks in the real economy
Strategy-performance approach to venture capital finance process : introduction of a new strategy-performance innovation model for VCF-context
Raising venture capital finance in Europe : a practical guide for business owners, entrepreneurs and investors
Tactical portfolios : strategies and tactics for investing in hedge funds and liquid alternatives
Raising venture capital for the serious entrepreneur
Private equity : the German experience
The risk of basic services in the Finnish financial market being disrupted during emergencies or other serious disruptions has grown as internationalisation has increased. At national level, Finland should prepare for a situation where the supply of foreign financial market services comes to a halt or significantly deteriorates..
Do sovereign debt exposures reveal too important to fail behavior?
The known, the unknown, and the unknowable in financial risk management : measurement and theory advancing practice
Venture capital for the future : Implications of founding visions in the venture capital setting
Overheating of global financial market could also have a destabilising impact on Finland
New venture investment : choices and consequences
Financial system risk resilience and structural risks
Political risk in credit evaluation : empirical studies and survey results
Venture capital : the definitive guide for entrepreneurs, investors and practitioners
Monetizing consumer-facing Internet platforms
Managing online risk : apps, mobile, and social media security
Risk and opportunity : managing risk for development
Venture Capital Contracting : Interaction between contractual provisions
Fundamentals of financial management
An overheating of the international financial markets would spread to Finland, too, pushing up asset prices and possibly boosting the supply of loans. From a macroprudential perspective, strong growth in both these indicators would increase domestic vulnerabilities. The financial crisis has increased the understanding of cross-border stability risks, but the tools for mitigating these risks remain insufficient..
Boulevard of broken dreams : why public efforts to boost entrepreneurship and venture capital have failed and what to do about it
The life cycle of new ventures : emergence, newness and growth
The growth of venture capital : a cross-cultural comparison
"This book sheds light on the emotional side of risk taking behaviour using an innovative cross-disciplinary approach, mixing financial competences with psychology and affective neuroscience. In doing so, it shows the implications for market participants and regulators in terms of transparency and communication between intermediaries and customers"--
Technology ventures : from idea to enterprise
Public financing of young innovative companies in Finland
Venture capitalist and start-up cooperation : a case study about market orientation and radical innovation
Financial crises and other serious financial disruptions may be caused by several different types of risks. Macroprudential policy, designed to prevent such crises, needs a more diversified set of tools than are available in Finland at present. Although the Board of the Financial Supervisory Authority already has access to a number of macroprudential instruments, there is reason for the toolkit to be supplemented. There is a need for instruments to ensure capital adequacy in the Finnish banking sector and, if necessary, prevent the housing market overheating..
Attracting investors : a marketing approach to finding funds for your business
Venture capital and private equity : a casebook
Private equity finance : rise and repercussions
The VC way : investment secrets from the wizards of venture capital
A broader set of tools needed to prevent financial crises
Evaluation of Finnvera Plc : final report
The countercyclical capital buffer requirement is one of the new macroprudential instruments that will come into use in Finland. It enables the strengthening of the banking sector's resilience to systemic risks resulting from excessive credit growth. In setting the requirement, strong emphasis should be placed on a small range of indicators to be selected, defined and published in advance. In contrast, reducing or releasing the buffer should primarily be based on judgment by the relevant authorities..
Essays on option-implied information
Financial contracts and contingent control rights
From innovation to cash flows : value creation by structuring high technology alliances
Rising indebtedness increases risks in China
The triple helix : university-industry-government innovation in action
Financial risk manager handbook plus test bank : FRM Part I/Part II
Performance of Finnish hedge funds during financial crisis
On risk prediction
The prospects for successful early-stage venture capital in Finland
Exiting venture capital investments : lessons from Finland
The perceived value-added of venture capital investors : evidence from Finnish biotechnology industry
Strategy-performance approach to venture capital finance process : introduction of a new strategy-performance innovation model for VCF context
Venture capital and the changing world of entrepreneurship
The Facilities Management Handbook gives a complete overview of the role of a Facilities Manager. It provides all the relevant legal compliance, strategic policies and best practice information needed to ensure the safe, efficient and cost-effective running of any facilities function. Complete with checklists and sources of further information, this book offers easy-to-find practical advice to this broad and complex field. This new edition reflects the greater awareness of sustainable practices, as well as bringing the book up-to-date in line with changes to legislation. This title: clearly explains UK Health & Safety legislation providing unambiguous information needed for legal compliance; gives an overview to the diverse duties covered by a facilities manager, eliminating the need for separate references; and, includes checklists and sources of further information for easy-to-find advice.
A review of the principal-agent theory and the theory of incomplete contracts : an examination of the venture capital context
The JPMorgan/Risk magazine guide to risk management : a glossary of terms
The venture capital cycle
Case studies in international entrepreneurship : managing and financing ventures in the global economy
Valuation of fast growing early stage technology companies
Venture capital : investment strategies, structures and policies
The venture capital handbook
Threats to the stability of the euro area financial system relate to the risks to global economic growth - such as uncertainties around developments in China - and to the international financial markets. The profitability of the euro area banking sector has improved from the weak level witnessed previously, but the large amount of non-performing loans continues to weigh on banks' balance sheets. Risks to the Finnish financial system are associated with the weakness of the economy and household debt. In order to contain potential overheating on the housing loan market and household indebtedness, the authorities will need new additions to their toolbox..
Investment funds have emerged as significant financial intermediaries in Finland since the turn of the millennium. In this role, they supplement traditional deposit banking. However, from the perspective of financial stability, investment funds may also involve risks reminiscent of banking. One such key risk is if assets invested in funds are converted into significantly less liquid (less cash-convertible) form. Why can such liquidity transformation in a worst-case scenario pose a risk to financial stability, and how extensively is it performed among Finnish investment funds?.
Business plans for filmmakers
The money of invention : how venture capital creates new wealth
Handbook of research on venture capital
Household debt and banking sector concentration pose risks for Finland
Investment funds have grown significantly in Finland : do their operations involve stability risks?
Essays on credit risk in SMEs
The startup game : inside the partnership between venture capitalists and entrepreneurs
Raising venture capital
Financial systems and venture capital in Nordic countries : a comparative study
Electronic safety and soundness : securing finance in a new age
Financial risk and the corporate treasury : new developments in strategy and control
An examination of how entrepreneurs can improve their position in relation to investors
Non-financial value-added of venture capital : a comparative study of different venture capital investors
Financial vulnerabilities in emerging Europe : an overview
The venture imperative : a new model for corporate innovation
Term sheets & valuations : an inside look at the intricacies of term sheets & valuations
Modern banking in theory and practice
Impact of a venture capitalists' value added on value of a venture
Determinants of credit default swap spreads and credit risk asymmetry : evidence from U.S. non-financial firms in 2007–2012
Abstract (kuvailulehti): Breakthrough researh : funding of high-risk research at the Academy of Finland.
Handbook of corporate finance : a business companion to financial markets, decisions & techniques
Abstract.
In the wake of the international financial crisis, authorities have been given new tools to prevent such crises. These tools - or macroprudential instruments - are intended to enhance banks' resilience to risk and prevent the excessive lending that often underlies asset price bubbles. In making decisions on deployment of the macroprudential tools, authorities will be supported by a set of early warning indicators confirmed by research data to best predict the outbreak of banking crises..
The performance of hedge fund styles in the crisis and post-crisis periods
Hedging the currency risks with financial derivatives and the impact of EMU on hedging needs
Strategy logic of the venture capitalist : understanding venture capitalism - the businesses within - by exploring linkages between ownership and strategy of venture capital companies, over time, in America and Europe
Household indebtedness is high in the Nordic countries. Housing loans are a significant part of banks' business, and covered bonds are important for banks both as sources of funding and as investments. The large size of the Nordic banking sector, its high degree of concentration and its interconnectedness with insurance companies increase the importance of housing market-related risks for the financial system and the economy as a whole. The materialisation of threats would increase losses in lending and investment activities and the cost of funding..
Essays on the valuation and syndication of venture capital investments
Angel investing in Finland : an analysis based on agency theory and the incomplete contracting theory
The origin of value : a study of the evolution in operational value in private equity buyout target companies
Starting up : archieving success with professional business planning
The real options solution : finding total value in a high-risk world
The entrepreneurial bible to venture capital : inside secrets from the leaders in the startup game
Management buy-outs and venture capital : into the next millennium
The value of benchmarking
Nordic financial sector vulnerable to housing market risks
The effectiveness of the Finnish pre-seed and seed policy schemes to promote innovative high-growth entrepreneurial ventures
Could a cyber attack lead to financial crisis?
Accommodative monetary policy is necessary for price stability and economic recovery. However, abundant liquidity and the search for yield fuelled by low interest rates can also create risks for financial stability..
Exiting venture capital investments - lessons from Finland
Hi-tech marketing growth strategies for Stafix
Against the backdrop of the international financial and economic crisis, this paper seeks to identify financial vulnerabilities in Emerging Europe. Data are presented for 20 countries using a 'balance-sheet' framework to disaggregate financial weaknesses within each economy. First, financial flow imbalances and general macroeconomic weaknesses are identified, leading to a discussion of the financial stock imbalances that were caused by these persistent flow imbalances. The paper concludes with an assessment of which countries are most vulnerable to any potential 'sudden-stop' of financial flows to the region.   Key words: financial crisis, balance-sheets, emerging economies, Emerging Europe .
Facilities management handbook
How should the countercyclical capital buffer requirement be applied?
Finland's domestic financial system has continued to function well despite the prolonged recession. Short-term risks to the stability of the domestic financial system relate particularly to weaker-than-forecast developments in the Finnish economy and risks developing on the international financial markets..
Economics and management of networks : franchising, strategic alliances, and cooperatives
High housing debt increases risks to financial stability
Venture capital and the finance of innovation
Venture capital : the complete guide for investors
The total amount of public and private debt in China has increased rapidly since the financial crisis. The country's debt-to-GDP ratio has already reached the level seen in many advanced economies. The rapid rise in debt in many countries has led to financial sector problems and to a marked slowing of economic growth. Sustainable management of the economy in China would require a slowdown in the debt build-up. There are no indications of this as yet. Curbing debt accumulation would require China's readiness to accept lower growth targets..
Venture capital and private equity finance : study of the financing of the biotechnology industry in Finland
Low interest rates provide a stimulus but can also create risks
Early warning indicators of banking crises
German venture capitalists' decision criteria in new venture evaluation
If loss in interbank confidence regarding banking sector balance sheets intensified the crisis in 2008, banks' faltering confidence in other banks' systems could cause the next crisis, experts warn. Confidence is vital to the financial system, and as account balances are situated in cyberspace, confidence in the numbers on the screen is of the utmost importance. From a practical point of view it is irrelevant whether a loss of confidence is due to the realisation of financial market risks or cyber risks..
Financial institutions and the allocation of talent
Essays on cross-border venture capital : a grounded theory approach
Risks related to economic and credit cycles
"In recent years, building a corporate online presence has become nonnegotiable for businesses, as consumers expect to connect with them in as many ways as possible. There are benefits to companies that use online technology, but there are risks as well. Managing Online Risk presents the tools and resources needed to better understand the security and reputational risks of online and digital activity, and how to mitigate those risks to minimize potential losses. Managing Online Risk highlights security and risk management best practices that address concerns such as data collection and storage, liability, recruitment, employee communications, compliance violations, security of devices (in contexts like mobile, apps, and cloud computing), and more. Additionally, this book offers a companion website that was developed in parallel with the book and includes the latest updates and resources for topics covered in the book"--
Corporate treasury and cash management
The art of risk management : alternative risk transfer, capital structure and the convergence of insurance and capital markets
Finland's financial system is, by structure, vulnerable to risks associated with lending for house purchase. Housing loan volumes are large relative to other lending by banks and requirements on banks' own funds. The fact that household debt levels have increased and that housing wealth constitutes a large proportion of household assets also increases the vulnerabilities. In addition, covered bonds secured by housing loans play a significant role in bank funding and investment. However, the increase in vulnerabilities has largely levelled off in the 2010s..
