http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20983 language universals
language universals
Language universals and linguistic complexity : three case studies in core argument marking
Politeness : some universals in language usage
The language myth : why language is not an instinct
Information structure and its interfaces
Concerning the universality of the noun vs. verb distinction
On language : selected writings of Joseph H. Greenberg
Linguistic universals and language variation
Language universals and linguistic complexity : Three case studies in core argument marking
Rethinking universals : how rarities affect linguistic theory
Linguistic diversity
This book looks at how the human brain got the capacity for language and how language then evolved. Its four parts are concerned with different views on the emergence of language, with what language is, how it evolved in the human brain, and finally how this process led to the properties of language. Part I considers the main approaches to the subject and how far language evolved culturally or genetically. Part II argues that language is a system of signs and considers how these elements first came together in the brain. Part III examines the evidence for brain mechanisms to allow the formation of signs. Part IV shows how the book's explanation of language origins and evolution is not only consistent with the complex properties of languages but provides the basis for a theory of syntax that offers insights into the learnability of language and to the nature of constructions that have defied decades of linguistic analysis, including including subject-verb inversion in questions, existential constructions, and long-distance dependencies. Denis Bouchard's outstandingly original account will interest linguists of all persuasions as well as cognitive scientists and others interested in the evolution of language.
"Language is central to our lives, the cultural tool that arguably sets us apart from other species. Some scientists have argued that language is innate, a type of unique human 'instinct' pre-programmed in us from birth. In this book, Vyvyan Evans argues that this received wisdom is, in fact, a myth. Debunking the notion of a language 'instinct', Evans demonstrates that language is related to other animal forms of communication; that languages exhibit staggering diversity; that we learn our mother tongue drawing on general properties and abilities of the human mind, rather than an inborn 'universal' grammar; and that, ultimately, language and the mind reflect and draw upon the way we interact with others in the world. Compellingly written and drawing on cutting-edge research, The Language Myth sets out a forceful alternative to the received wisdom, showing how language and the mind really work"--
An introduction to linguistic typology
Bi-directionality in the cognitive science : avenues, challenges, and limitations
Language universals research : a synthesis
The nature and origin of language
Typology and universals
Variation in the progressive : a corpus-based study into world Englishes
Psycholinguistic approaches to meaning and understanding across languages
Linguistic universals
The origins of vowel systems
Language typology and language universals : an international handbook = Sprachtypologie und sprachliche Universalien : ein internationales Handbuch = La typologie des langues et les universaux linguistiques : manuel international. Vol. 1
Child language : acquisition and development
Language change and typological variation : in honor of Winfred P. Lehmann on the occasion of his 83rd birthday. Vol. 2, Grammatical universals and typology
Translation universals : do they exist?
In linguistics, one of the main areas of modern research involves the capabilities and possibilities of there being a "lingua cosmica," a LINCOS, a universal language that could be used to communicate with non-human intelligences. This book, touches on the area of the development and use of a "lingua universalis" for interstellar communication, but it also presents concepts that cover a broad area of linguistics. Chomsky's paradigm on universal properties of natural languages, for a long time a leading general theory of natural languages, includes the strong assumption that humans are born with some kind of universals stored in their brains. Are there universals of this kind of language used by intelligent beings and societies elsewhere in the universe? We do not know whether such languages exist. It seems to be impossible to determine, simply because the universe is too large for an exhaustive search. Even verification will be hard to obtain, without quite a bit of luck. This book uses astrolinguistic principles in message construction and is helpful in clarifying and giving perspective to discussions on existential questions such as these.
Universals in the context of Juri Lotman's semiotics = Universaalidest Juri Lotmani semiootika kontekstis = Ob universaliâh v kontekste semiotiki Ûriâ Lotmana
Inflectional features and clausal structure
Sign-based construction grammar
Astrolinguistics : design of a linguistic system for interstellar communication based on logic
Second language acquisition : an advanced resource book
Universal grammar and second language acquisition
Phonology and language use
Hypothesis about translation universals
Developmental mechanisms of language
Parts of speech : empirical and theoretical advances
Language change and typological variation : in honor of Winfred P. Lehmann on the occasion of his 83rd birthday. Vol. 1, Language change and phonology
Anthropological linguistics : an introduction
Foundations of language : brain, meaning, grammar, evolution
Semantics : primes and universals
Linguistic typology : morphology and syntax
Sign language and linguistic universals
Patterns of English-Finnish codeswitching in Finland and in the United States
Introducing linguistic morphology
Language typology and language universals : an international handbook = Sprachtypologie und sprachliche Universalien : ein internationales Handbuch = La typologie des langues et les universaux linguistiques : manuel international. Vol. 2
Linguistic universals and language change
Language universals and linguistic typology : syntax and morphology
Metaphor in culture : universality and variation
Germanic languages and linguistic universals
Vernacular universals and language contacts : evidence from varieties of English and beyond
Second language acquisition and universal grammar
Constructions at work : the nature of generalization in language
Universals of language today
Symposium on language universals : "Estonian data contributing to the theory of language universals" & "The hierarchical nature of language" (Tallinn, July 28-30, 1987) : summaries
