http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p20917 arranged marriage
arranged marriage
A bride's story. 5
Wives, widows, and concubines : the conjugal family ideal in colonial India
Married to a perfect stranger
The warrior
The girl of fire and thorns
The king's daughter
The birth of venus
The undertaking
Asking for the hand of the girl : marriage arrangement discourse in Turkish culture
American dervish
A bride's story. 3
A bride's story. 1
Disgraced
I want to get married! : one wannabe bride's misadventures with handsome Houdinis, technicolor grooms, morality police, and other Mr. not-quite-rights
Tender concerns and individual prospects : settling the future of noble fiancées in sixteenth-century Sweden
House of Angels
Secrets of the henna girl
A match for Marcus Cynster
The baker's boy
When you wish upon a duke
The arrangement : a novel
A bride's story. 4
Princess Elisa is a disappointment to her people. Although she bears the Godstone, a sign that she has been chosen for an act of heroism, they see her as lazy and useless and fat. On her sixteenth birthday, she is bartered off in royal marriage and shipped away to a kingdom in turmoil, where her husband refuses to acknowledge her. Devastated, Elisa decides to take charge of her fate and learn what it means to bear the Godstone. As an invading army threatens to destroy her new home, everyone at court maneuvers to take advantage of the young princess. But how can a young girl who has never ridden horseback, never played the game of politics, and never attained the love of a man save the world?
Arthur
The morning gift
Stealing innocence : child marriage and gender inequality in Pakistan
Cross My Heart
The bargain
"How you were left to your fate" : the responses of two sisters to the surrounding societies in Brick Lane (2003) by Monica Ali
Red Girls : the Legend of the Akakuchibas
A dangerous love
The star-touched queen
Any other name
Calling out for you
The wedding wallah
The kiss of deception
Between two thorns
The Bargain
Mr. Cavendish, I Presume
Cruel beauty
The butcher's hook
Exploitative sham marriages : exploring the links between human trafficking and sham marriages in Estonia, Ireland, Latvia, Lithuania and Slovakia
All is fair
More than you can say
A bride's story. 2
"From the New York Times bestselling author of The Dovekeepers and The Museum of Extraordinary Things: a forbidden love story set on the tropical island of St. Thomas about the extraordinary woman who gave birth to painter Camille Pissarro the Father of Impressionism"-- Provided by publisher
The pursuit of Lucy Banning : a novel
Fire and thorns
Vinegar girl : The Taming of the Shrew retold
Dying to get married : posthumous marriage in East Asia, and particularly in South Korea
Daughters of shame
Lady Windermere's lover
The red queen
Provoked : the story of Kiranjit Ahluwalia
Learning to drive
A girl called Fearless
For the love of a son
Children of hope : a survivor's story
The marriage of opposites : a novel based on the life of Rachel Pizzarro
The heart of Betrayal
Tim Burton's corpse bride
The silvered heart
Treated with scorn and fear in her father's kingdom because of a formidable horoscope, 16-year-old Maya commits herself to her education only to land in an arranged marriage that culminates in her sudden elevation to the throne, a situation that is threatened by dark secrets and Otherworldly magic.
A rogue by any other name
