http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2099 light fittings
light fittings
1000 lights. Vol. 1, 1879 to 1959
The complete home lighting book : contemporary interior & exterior lighting for the home
Lighting
Christopher Wray's guide to decorative lighting
Light effect = Effetto luce
Lighting for a beautiful home
Curtains and soft furnishings
Lamps and lighting
Artificial sunshine : a social history of domestic lighting
Vintage lighting : a collector's guide
LED lighting
Early twentieth century lighting
Modern retro : from rustic to urban, classic to colourful
This revised edition of the successful primer thoroughly covers fundamentals of lighting design, and also serves as a handy reference for professional designers. The Fifth Edition is more comprehensive than ever, with new information on LED, energy efficiency, and other current issues. In addition, it includes more information for drawing ceiling floor plans and the application of designs to specific types of interiors projects. Considered a "key reference" for the Lighting Certified exam, no other text combines both technical and creative aspects of lighting design for beginners and novice designers.
Contemporary design : date: 1900-today
Light fantastic : light up your life : 25 illuminating ideas
The applications and opportunities of LED lights in households : case Jercotec Ky
Residential lighting : a practical guide to beautiful and sustainable design
Flos : the Flos collection
Light design now!
Electrician's Guide to Emergency Lighting
Stitch it : over 20 specially commissioned projects for stylish soft furnishings
Illuminate : contemporary craft lighting
Moss lamps : lighting the '50s
Lampshades & lighting : the project and decorative sourcebook
The home lighting effects bible : ideas and know-how for better lighting in every part of your home
Isamu Noguchi : space of Akari & stone
Light and shade : lighting up your life - 25 easy transformations
New light design
The right light : lighting essentials for the home
The lighting handbook : reference and application
Everything but  the walls
Luminaires : standardi. Part 2-10, Particular requirements - portable luminaires for children
The MaMo Nouchies : a new tribe of light
Full size lampshade patterns for mini to medium sized shades : 22 Patterns for swag or base. Color photograph of each completed project. Step by step lessons -trade secrets
Fin de siècle masterpieces from the Silverman Collection
Fire & light in the home pre-1820
The Lighting Book : A Complete Guide To Lighting Your Home
Interior lighting for designers
International lighting design
Contemporary furniture and lamps
Lighting : Creative planning for successful lighting solutions
Residential lighting design
Interior lighting
Lighting by design : a technical guide
Street furniture
Italian lighting design 1945-2000
50 lights : innovations in design and materials
Gas lighting
The art of lighting : an international profile of home lighting
Discovering oil lamps
Multiplied light : the Bullseye chandelier project
Ingo Maurer : pasión por la luz : passion for light
Great designs
1000 lights. Vol. 1, 1879 to1959
Lamps and lighting : a manual of lamps and lighting prep. by members of staff of Thorn EMI Lighting
Soma basics lighting
Sytytä valot! = Turn the light on!
Designs for lamps. 1
Coexistence twenty five years
Decorative beading
Perfect lighting : inspiring solutions for every room
Everything but the walls
Light shadow : a study of the effects of light and colour on our emotions and its application in lightning design
Lamps and shades
The following project was constructed to design a refined table lamp prototype. The work was adviced by Architect Riccardo Blumer. The main issue of the table lamp was to be able to hold a positions due to frictional force. As a method of study a scheme made by Bruno Munari, an Italian designer, was followed. This scheme helped to organise and understand the different steps needed to achieve a satisfactory result. The project went through two main phases, a theoretical and a practical one. In order to fully comprehend the problem it was obligatory to research different physical phenomena and understand how they would work when applied to the prototypes. Once the problem was carefully studied from a theoretical point of view it became possible to start a more practical phase where theory was used to create drawings and prototypes. As a result this process led to achieving the proposed goal. In fact a fully working prototype was created. However, it was not possible to fully control the frictional force. As a consequence the table lamp prototype is not able to hold some critical positions.
Luminaires: Part 2-10. particular requirements - portable luminaires for children = Luminaires - Partie 2-10: règles particulières - luminaires portatifs pour enfants
Modern design : classics of our time
Droog design : spirit of the nineties
Guide to lighting
International lighting review : ILR
Decorative art in modern interiors
Tools for living : a sourcebook of iconic designs for the home
A study in eco- and trash design
1000 lights
Handmade lampshades : beautiful designs to illuminate your home
Sourcebook of modern furniture
Art Nouveau and Art Déco lighting : 171 ill., 36 in colour
Valaisimia = Lighting fixtures
Artefacts from medieval Winchester. 2, 2, Objects and economy in medieval Winchester
More light?
Lighting : an introduction to light, lighting and light use
Lampshades : Over 20 stylish shades to decorate and make
The hive lamp : encased organism
Garden lighting for outdoor entertaining : 40 festive projects
Idleply : a concept for the future of OLED lighting
Life cycle assessment of light sources : case studies and review of the analyses
If design award 2001 : product volume 2.
Good lighting for offices and office buildings
The English glass chandelier
Discovering stage lighting
The Lampshade Lady's guide to lighting up your life : 50 custom lampshades & lamps
Louis Comfort Tiffany at The Metropolitan Museum
Valaisimet Alvar Aallon arkkitehtuurissa = Licht fittings in Alvar Aalto's architecture
Struck by lighting : an art-historical introduction to electrical lighting design for the domestic interior
Applied illumination engineering
New British design 1998
Reed's electric lighting for steamers and its management : by Thomas Scott
Light of Louis Poulsen
The light
Pure design : objects of desire
Lighting controls handbook
Clay, light & water
Collection of global industrial design : Book II
The complete home lighting book
21st century lighting design
Modern design : the fabulous 50s
The desk lamp : an appreciation
50 thrifty DIY lampshades
Decorative art
Making great lamps : 50 illuminating projects, techniques & ideas
Simplified design of building lighting
Early vehicle lighting
Ingo Maurer : pasión por la luz : passion for light. [Biography]
The Villa Mairea and the art of design / Ben af Schultén
Efficient of the Bulbs
Characteristics, aptitude and skill levels of a good B2M salesman in the Finnish lighting business
The lamp shade book : traditional & innovative projects to create exciting lighting effects
Light : reaching for the moon
Architectural lighting
50 thrifty diy lampshades
Create light & atmosphere
Gunnel Nyman : beauty captured in glass : [exhibition at the Finnish glass museum, 24 april - 13 september 2009] = lasiin vangittu kauneus : [näyttely Suomen lasimuseossa, 24.4.-13.9.2009] / [edition = toimitus: Uta Laurén ; translations = käännökset: Jüri Kokkonen, Eeva Wornell]
Commercial Space : offices. Spaces, furniture and lamps
Leadlights for lampshades and mirrors
Akari : light sculpture by Isamu Noguchi
The art of outdoorlighting : landscapes with the beauty of lighting
Crafting lamps & shades
Make your own lampshades : 35 original shades to make for table lamps, seiling lights and more
