http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21078 discourse research
discourse research
Methods of approaching the study of discourse have developed rapidly in the last ten years, influenced by a growing interdisciplinary spirit among linguistics and anthropology, sociology, cognitive and cultural psychology and cultural studies, as well as among established sub-fields within linguistics itself. Among the more recent developments are an increasing 'critical' turn in discourse analysis, a growing interest in historical, ethnographic and corpus-based approaches to discourse, more concern with the social contexts in which discourse occurs, the social actions that it is used to take and the identities that are constructed through it, as well as a revaluation of what counts as 'discourse' to include multi-modal texts and interaction. Advances in Discourse Studies brings together contributions from leading scholars in the field, investigating the historical and theoretical relationships between new advances in discourse studies and pointing towards new directions for the future of the discipline. Featuring discussion questions, classroom projects and recommended readings at the end of each section, as well as case studies illustrating each approach discussed, this is an invaluable resource for students of interdisciplinary discourse analysis.
Asking for the hand of the girl : marriage arrangement discourse in Turkish culture
Narrating for or against dominant discourses : sketching narrative patterns of written descriptions of ageing experience
Part I The Still Waters of Narrative: The Boring and the PlotlessConversational and Authorial Disclosure in the Dialogue Novel: The Case of The Friends of Eddie Coyle. Resistance to Plot and Uneven Narrativity: A Journey from “A Boring Story” to The Rings of Saturn. What Happens When Nothing Happens: Interpreting Narrative Technique in the Plotless Novels of Nicholson Baker. Events Can Be Quoted (and Words Need Not Be). Pynchon's Poetics of Boredom: Cognitive and Textual Aspects of Novelistic Dreariness. Part II A Web of Sense: Interpreting the Disturbing and the Difficult Toward a Zoonarratology: Storytelling and Species Difference in Animal Comics. Watching a Tree Grow: Terrence Malick's The New World and the Nature of Cinema. Navigating—Making Sense—Interpreting (The Reader behind La Jalousie). History Impossible: Narrating and Motivating the Past. Unnatural Temporalities: Interfaces between Postmodernism, Science Fiction, and the Fantastic. The Imperfect Is Our Paradise: Intertextuality and Fragmentary Narration in Margaret Atwood's Alias Grace. Fragile Narrative Situations: Conrad Compared to Sebald. Part III Shadow of a Tail: Problems of AuthorshipName Change and Author Avatars in Varlam Shalamov and Primo Levi. Stranger than Fiction, or, Jerome David Salinger, Author of Lolita: Real, Implied and Fictive Authorship. Translators, Scoundrels and Gentlemen of Honor: Problems of Nabokov's Loyalty. Affordances of Form in Stanzaic Narrative Poetry. A Shadow on the Marble.
"Each year art and antiques worth many billions of pounds are sold at auction. These auctions consist of numerous, intense episodes of social interaction through which the price of goods rapidly escalates until sold on the strike of a hammer. In this book, Christian Heath examines the fine details of interaction that arises at auctions, the talk and visible conduct of the participants and their use of various tools and technologies. He explores how auctioneers, buyers and their representatives are able to transact the sale of diversely priced goods in just seconds. Heath addresses how order, trust and competition are established at auctions and demonstrates how an economic institution of some global importance is founded upon embodied action and interaction. The analysis is based on video recordings of sales of art and antiques gathered within a range of national and international auction houses in Europe and the United States"--
"From Sir, a constant reader of your Paper, N.C." : The Letter to the Editor in The Times of the Late Eighteenth Century
Talk-in-interaction : multilingual perspectives
Women's leader-member relationships during pregnancy and the return to work
Women in industrialized societies have a lifelong relationship with consumerism. They are caught up in a ''consumer femininity'', since a feminine identity involves, among other things, a particular mode of consumption. This study, presented in full for the first time in this volume, aims to stimulate critical awareness of consumer femininity. It culminates in sample analysis of a type of discourse that contributes to the formation of women as feminine subjects: the teen magazine. The book proposes an approach to doing critical discourse analysis that focuses on the constitution of a language user''s subjectivity in the act of reading. Influenced by the early work of Norman Fairclough, it locates points of focus for taking up a critical (and specifically feminist) reading position in discourse analysis. In doing so, it seeks to provide theoretical and analytical grounding for a critical pedagogy that will take into the classroom attention to language and construction of language users'' subjectivities.
Handbook of communication in organisations and professions
Multimodal texts from around the world : cultural and linguistic insights
Femininities in Marian Keyes's This Charming Man : a discourse analytical approach
Opposition in discourse : the construction of oppositional meaning
Individual crimes or a sociological phenomenon : a critical discourse analysis of the 2014 Royal Canadian Mounted Police national operational overview on missing and murdered indigenous women in Canada
Discrimination against men : appearance and causes in the context of a modern welfare state
Colonial discourse in Karen Blixen's Out of Africa and Elspeth Huxley's The flame trees of Thika
The politics of metaphor : biotechnology and biodiversity in the media
Language, intertextuality and subjectivity : voices in the construction of consumer feminity
Rebuilding defenses : exploration in Norman Fairclough's theory of critical discourse analysis
Continuum companion to discourse analysis
Researching discourse in business genres : cases and corpora
The pragmatics of discourse coherence : theories and applications
Racism and discourse in Latin America
Rewriting loss : melancholia, ethics, and aesthetics in selected works by Chuang Hua, Maxine Hong Kingston, and Fae Myenne Ng
Insights into academic genres
Political parties, parliaments and legislative speechmaking
Discourse-pragmatic variation and change in English : new methods and insights
Discourse studies : a multidisciplinary introduction
Humorous texts : a semantic and pragmatic analysis
From women to gender : a diachronic exploration of participant representation in texts from the United Nations
Margaret Thatcher's political discourse and the metaphorical conceptualisation of conflict in 1975, 1979, 1990 & 2000 : from Conservative Party leader to post-premiership
Subjects of aspiration : Untersuchung von diskursiven Prozessen neoliberaler Regierung in einer postfeministischen Frauenzeitschrift
The ins and outs of business and professional discourse research : reflections on interacting with the workplace
Function and genres : studies on the linguistic features of discourse types
Voices in the media : discourse representation in articles about the case of Elián González in Time and Newsweek
Discourses of otherness : representations of Egyptian actors in international media
Voices behind and beyond the label : the master narrative of ADHD (de)constructed by diagnosed children and their parents
Discursive approaches to politeness
Language regulation in English as a lingua franca : focus on academic spoken discourse
Discourse 2.0 : language and new media
"The EU is not them, but us!" : the first person plural and the articulation of collective identities in European political discourse
Mediating identities in eighteenth-century England : public negotiations, literary discourses, topography
Academic discourse : multidisciplinary approaches
Constructing the secular imagined community : a critical intercultural analysis of discourses of laïcité from Le Monde
Contemporary critical discourse studies
New families as a support system in the Harry Potter novels
Images of Transylvania in the West : a deconstructive analysis
Discourse and genre : analysing language in context
"CDS is a multifarious field constantly developing different methodological frameworks for analysing dynamically evolving aspects of language in a broad range of socio-political and institutional contexts. This volume is a cutting edge, interdisciplinary account of these theoretical and empirical developments. It presents an up-to-date survey of Critical Discourse Studies (CDS), covering both the theoretical landscape and the analytical territories that it extends over. It is intended for critical scholars and students who wish to keep abreast of the current state of the art. The book is divided into two parts. In the first part, the chapters are organised around different methodological perspectives for CDS (history, cognition, multimodality and corpora, among others). In the second part, the chapters are organised around particular discourse types and topics investigated in CDS, both traditionally (e.g. issues of racism and gender inequality) and only more recently (e.g. issues of health, public policy, and the environment). This is, altogether, an essential new reference work for all CDS practitioners"--
The handbook of intercultural discourse and communication
The position of Finnish and Swedish as well as other languages at universities in Finland
Critical discourse studies in context and cognition
Sincerity after communism : a cultural history
The growing availability of large collections of language texts has expanded our horizons for language analysis, enabling the swift analysis of millions of words of data, aided by computational methods. This edited collection contains examples of such contemporary research which uses corpus linguistics to carry out discourse analysis. The book takes an inclusive view of the meaning of discourse, covering different text-types or modes of language, including discourse as both social practice and as ideology or representation. Authors examine a range of spoken, written, multimodal and electronic corpora covering themes which include health, academic writing, social class, ethnicity, gender, television narrative, news, Early Modern English and political speech. The chapters showcase the variety of qualitative and quantitative tools and methods that this new generation of discourse analysts are combining together, offering a set of compelling models for future corpus-based research in discourse.
Introducing discourse analysis in class
Patterns, meaningful units and specialized discourses
Bringing together selected contributions from linguistics and literary studies, this book focuses on the variegated manifestations of wordplay in different communicative settings. By investigating basic techniques and ludic traditions, it looks on the metalinguistic/metadiscursive dimension of wordplay and on its various kinds of interplays.
Media, religion, and politics in Pakistan
Wordplay and metalinguistic/metadiscursive reflection : authors, contexts, techniques, and meta-reflection
Working papers on structure and function in discourse
Identities in context : individuals and discourse in action
Down to earth economy : the discursive contribution of sustainable consumption and production debate
Second language discourse : a textbook of current research
Language regulation in English as a lingua franca : exploring language-regulatory practices in academic spoken discourse
On the discursive construction of corruption : a critical analysis of media texts
Voicing relationships : a dialogic perspective
Methods of critical discourse studies
“I was a soldier in Kosovo”: Discourses of war in James Blunt's early musical career
Rhetoric in financial discourse : a linguistic analysis of ICT-mediated disclosure genres
"Why do some Members of Parliament (MPs) take the parliamentary floor and speak more than others? Why do some MPs deviate more than others from the ideological position of their party? This book develops hypotheses on legislative speechmaking and evaluates them by analysing parliamentary debates in seven European democracies: Czech Republic, Estonia, Finland, Germany, Ireland, Norway and Sweden. Assuming that MPs are concerned with policy-making, career advancement, and re-election, the authors discuss various incentives to taking the floor, and elaborate on the role of gender and psychological incentives in speechmaking. They test their expectations on a novel dataset that covers information on the number of speeches held by MPs and on the ideological positions MPs adopted when delivering a speech. "--
Fabricating the teacher as researcher:a genealogy of academic teacher education in Finland
Smears of Red on neoliberal globalisation : a critical discourse analysis of the leftist features in the political ideology of the global justice movement
Possibilities, silences : the publishing and reception of queer topics in Finland during the interwar years (and beyond)
Discursive practices in organizational change
The dynamics of auction : social interaction and the sale of fine art and antiques
Concern over the future of the nation : a discourse analytical study on changes in Russian demographic policy in the years 2000-2010
Southern historiography in modern history : figural and philosophical aspects of historical discourse in Virginia and South Carolina, 1800-1844
Analyzing narrative : discourse and sociolinguistic perspectives
Historical pragmatics
The communication of hate
"This accessible guide to discourse employs an innovative, inductive approach, with a clear focus on genre that allows students to examine language in context. Using real texts, students are shown how each dimension of discourse links together and are offered practical guidance on how to carry out a discourse analysis project"--
Sociology of discourse : from institutions to social change
How to do discourse analysis : a toolkit
Proceedings of the 24th Scandinavian Conference of Linguistics
Stay abroad and foreign language users' identity construction
Literary theories in praxis
Language, culture and the dynamics of age
Evolving Genres in Web-mediated Communication
Mediated discourses of transnational participation : a study of some discursive aspects of transnational networking
Transparent editing : a framework for overt communication between editors and readers
Memory-based text processing
Strategy as discursive construction in the Finnish Defence Forces
Stylistics
My teaching, my philosophy : Kenneth Wain and the lifelong engagement with education
Discursive matrixes of motherhood : cultivating decency and emotion in Finnish and French mother-talk
Classroom interaction : the internationalised anglophone university
European security culture : language, theory, policy
Language across disciplines : Towards a critical reading of contemporary academic discourse
The Routledge handbook of discourse analysis
Disability and discourse analysis
Narrative, interrupted : the plotless, the disturbing and the trivial in literature
Conflict talk : sociolinguistic investigations of arguments in conversations
Users of new technology : a discourse analysis of a new technology user
Discourse and literature : the interplay of form and mind
Metalanguage in interaction : Hebrew discourse markers
Shifting to "big picture" design? : discursive explorations of emerging conceptions of design orientated towards social complexity
Left dislocation in English : a functional-discoursal approach
Advances in discourse studies
Women's conversational culture: repturing patriarchal discourse
Finnish summary.
Telling madness : narrative, diagnosis, power, and literary theory
The poetics of Norman Mailer's nonfiction : self-reflexivity, literary form, and the rhetoric of narrative
The interactional architecture of the language classroom : a conversation analysis perspective
Genre change in the contemporary world : short-term diachronic perspectives
Research methods for studying groups and teams : a guide to approaches, tools, and technologies
Great words from great men : party-ideologies in the inaugural speeches of presidents Bush and Obama
Impromptu speech : a symposium
Metatext and the company's future outlook : the use of hedging and emphatics in the letter to shareholders sections of annual reports
The discourse studies reader : main currents in theory and analysis
"Identities in Context is a comprehensive guide to contemporary discursive research on issues relating to identity across a variety of contexts. By relying on an examination of discourse as a focus of study in its own right, a clearer understanding of the relationships between the sense of ourselves and our interactions with others in various social situations is gained. This approach also reveals how discursive research has, over time, contributed to a greater understanding of a variety of topics relating to identity addressed by specific research. For instance, we are shown the consequences associated with identity in interactions within the legal system, as well as on treatment and intervention of individuals in health care settings. Identities in Context provides an accessible, detailed, and enlightening examination of our current state of knowledge on all issues relating to identities and discursive research"--
Discourse and crisis : critical perspectives
Psychology of reading
Tracking discourses : politics, identity and social change
Representation
Constraints in discourse 3 : representing and inferring discourse structure
Corpora and discourse studies : integrating discourse and corpora
Discourse and creativity
Analysing newspapers : an approach from critical discourse analysis
Discourse and transformation in Central and Eastern Europe
Disability studies has engaged with discourse analysis in key works both from the UK and the USA. While the perspectives and analyses of discourse analysis have proved well suited for exploring disability, however, its methods have not been sufficiently developed in a disability studies context. Conversely, discourse analysts have traditionally been concerned with social issues and fields in which asymmetric power relations, marginalization, and discrimination play a central role, e.g. gender, race, ethnicity, and sexual orientation, all of which share many analytical features with disability. But although efforts have been made to integrate disability into the discourse analysis and conversation analysis canon, the link between the two fields needs to be strengthened.This ground-breaking volume contributes to this link by thoroughly applying the analytical vocabulary of discourse analysis to issues that are central to the field of disability studies. It strengthens disability studies by supplying case studies of representations and constructions of disability and disabled people in discourse, theorizes the role played by language in the social construction of disability, and makes disability a more salient topic for discourse analysts.
Narrative and media
Discourse and identity in the professions : legal, corporate and institutional citizenship
