http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21079 ethical consumerism
ethical consumerism
Food unwrapped
Food ethics : the basics
Design for collaborative minds : a visual designers contribution to the collaborative consumption model [sic]
Essays on the economics of environmental and sustainability labelling
What's mine is yours : how collaborative consumption is changing the way we live
Nature and sustainability : an educational study with Rousseau and Foucault
How to live a low-carbon life : the individual's guide to tackling climate change
This book explores the politics borne of consumption through the case of coffee activism and ethical consumption. It analyses the agencies, structures, repertoires and technologies of promotion and participation in the politics of fair trade consumption through an exploration of the relationship between activism and consumption.
Simple matters : Living with less and ending up with more
Cultural studies and anti-consumerism : a critical encounter
Simple matters : living with less and ending up more
Globalizing responsibility : the political rationalities of ethical consumption
Hidden hands in the market : ethnographies of fair trade, ethical consumption, and corporate social responsibility
Green products : perspectives on innovation and adoption
"Stamped on products from coffee to handicrafts, the term "fair trade" has quickly become one of today's most seductive consumer buzzwords. Purportedly created through fair labor practices, or in ways that are environmentally sustainable, fair-trade products give buyers peace of mind in knowing that, in theory, how they shop can help make the world a better place. Buying into Fair Trade turns the spotlight onto this growing trend, exploring how fair-trade shoppers think about their own altruism within an increasingly global economy. Using over 100 interviews with fair-trade consumers, national leaders of the movement, coffee farmers, and artisans, author Keith Brown describes both the strategies that consumers use to confront the moral contradictions involved in trying to shop ethically and the ways shopkeepers and suppliers reconcile their need to do good with the ever-present need to turn a profit. In addition to his in-depth analysis of the fair-trade market, Brown also provides a how-to chapter that outlines strategies readers can use to appear altruistic. This chapter highlights the ways that socially responsible markets have been detached from issues of morality. A fascinating account of how consumers first learn about, understand, and sometimes ignore the ethical implications of shopping, Buying into Fair Trade sheds new light on the potential for the fair trade market to reshape the world into a more socially-just place."--Publisher's website.
Concept to customer
Ethical marketing and the new consumer
Encouraging sustainable behavior : psychology and the environment
Do the right things! : a practical guide to ethical living
Living standards and changing expectations : investigating domestic necessity and environmental sustainability in an affluent society
Ethics in consumer choice : An empirical analysis based on the example of coffee
Brand aid : shopping well to save the world
Environmental ethics : an overview for the twenty-first century
The goal of this thesis is to analyse the level of sustainability of one souvenir shop. The case company Maretarium is an aquarium located in Kotka, Southern Finland and beside Finnish fish; the aquarium offers customers also The Sea Shop, a souvenir shop filled with products of underwater life. Maretarium wants to follow trends and develop the shop in more a sustainable direction. Sustainable development is one of the main trends at this moment globally. This analysis presents the main aspects of sustainability and how sustainable development can be seen in souvenir business. One wide part of sustainability is Fair Trade and other green labels which encourage suppliers and retailers to pay attention to fair, ecologically and sustainably produced products. Use of recycled material is also one way to produce new products in a sustainable way. Additionally, consumer behaviour affects also retail trends and it has been researched that shopping souvenirs and buying other goods follow the same trends. Based on the analysis, the aim is to create a list of criteria to be fulfilled for sustainable souvenir shop. The analysis rests heavily on secondary data analysis. Secondary data is collected from the case company's suppliers. The souvenir shop and its level of sustainability are evaluated through its suppliers as it is one part of the aquarium's business operations. Based on the analysis, it can be concluded that The Sea Shop is quite sustainable even if there are still some areas of improvement needed to increase sustainability. The case company should choose carefully its suppliers and should encourage suppliers to embrace sustainable thinking. Therefore, based on the analysis, I propose ten main principles to implement sustain-ability in a souvenir shop which I will implement at my work as the employee of Maretarium.
How much and which goods are acceptable to consume? Who should be entitled to more and on what basis? These questions have been raised throughout history with answers varying widely across time and space. They were at the centre of concerns over luxury in Ancient Greece and continue to inform modern debates on the environmental effects of consumption. At the same time they have also been subject to mundane discussions conducted around the dinner table about how much the family should save, what kind of wedding would be appropriate, and whether or not family members in torn jeans are acceptable at the dinner table at all. What are consumption norms about, how do they develop and why do they change? This book addresses these questions, by bringing together sociological, historical, anthropological and economic studies on consumption.
The myth of the ethical consumer
Manifesto of the poor : solutions come from below
Do good lives have to cost the earth?
Consumer's purchase intention of ethical fashion : examining beliefs about fashion industry and attitudes towards ethical fashion
The fair trade revolution
A new role for fashion designers in the apparel industry : a facilitatior
Distant markets, distant harms : economic complicity and Christian ethics
Taking responsibility for tourism : responsible tourism management
Key concepts in corporate social responsibility
Treasures of the earth : need, greed, and a sustainable future
Coffee activism and the politics of fair trade and ethical consumption in : political consumerism and cultural citizenship
The Oxford handbook of food, politics, and society
Consumers as ecological citizens in clothing markets
Unfair trade : the shocking truth behind 'ethical' business
DEVELOPMENT AND PROSPECT OF CHINESE SECOND-HAND MARKET
ICT for environmental sustainability : green ICT roadmap
State of the world 2008 : innovations for a sustainable economy : a Worldwatch Institute report on progress toward a sustainable society
This title unites the history, theory and practice of fashion design. Coverage includes how to interpret a brief, building a collection, sketchbooks and drawing tools, choosing fabric, fit, cutting and making techniques, portfolio presentation and fashion marketing and economics.
The taste for ethics : an ethic of food consumption
Sustainable fashion : why now? : a conversation about issues, practices, and possibilities
Free riding and consumer rationality
Ethical traceability and communicating food
""The signature ethical problem of the global consumer society is our responsibility for the unethical practices that lie behind the products we buy. David T. Schwartz probes this'problem with well-chosen examples and clear ethical arguments Consuming Choices is a book for teachers to discuss with their students and from which activists and consumers will also learn."---Peter Singer, Ira W. DeCamp Professor of Bioethics at Princeton University" ""I know of no other work that has ethically examined the topic of consumer choice in such detail. Schwartz's work can serve nicely as a supplement for a business ethics, political philosophy, or moral problems course."---James Sterba, University of Notre Dame" "Being a consumer is now integral to the human experience, something none of us can avoid. At the same time, many of the products that we buy come to us with histories steeped in highly unethical practices, such as worker exploitation, animal suffering and environmental damage. Consuming Choices considers the ethical-dimensions of consumer life by exploring several basic questions: Exactly what sort of unethical practices are implicated in today's consumer products? Does moral culpability for these practices fall solely on the companies that perform them; or does it also fall upon consumers who purchase the products made with such practices? And most important, do consumers ever have moral obligations to avoid particular products? To answer. David T. Schwartz provides the most detailed philosophical exploration on consumer ethics to date. He uses historical and fictional examples to illustrate the types of wrongdoing currently implicated by consumer products in this age of globalization, offers a clear description of the relevant moral theories and important ethical concepts and provides concrete suggestions on how to be a more ethical consumer."--BOOK JACKET.
Sustainable Marketing  : The Importance of Being a Sustainable Business
Trash magazine
Ethical consumption : social value and economic practice
In the 20th century humanity consumed products faster than ever, but this way of living is no longer sustainable. This new and important book shows how technological advances are driving forms of 'collaborative consumption' which will change forever the ways in which we interact both with businesses and with each other. The average lawn mower is used for four hours a year. The average power drill is used for only twenty minutes in its entire lifespan. The average car is unused for 22 hours a day, and even when it is being used there are normally three empty seats. Surely there must be a way to get the benefit out of things like mowers, drills and even cars, without having to carry the huge up-front costs of ownership? There is indeed. Collaborative consumption is not just a buzzword, it is a new win-win way of life. This insightful and thought-provoking new book by Rachel Botsman and Roo Rogers is an important and fast-moving survey of the dramatic changes we are seeing in the way we consume products. Many of us are familiar with freecycle, eBay, couchsurfing and Zipcar. But these are just the beginning of a new phenomenon. Rachel Botsman and Roo Rogers have interviewed business leaders and opinion formers around the world to draw together the many strands of Collaborative Consumption into a coherent and challenging argument to show that the way we did business and consumerism in the 20th century is not the way we will do it in the 21st century.
Environmental Marketing: strategies, practice, theory, and research
Food for thought : changing the world one bite at a time
Ethical consumption : a critical introduction
Fashion design
Food and the self : consumption, production and material culture
Food democracy : from consumer to food citizen
Buying into fair trade : culture, morality, and consumption
In a politically uncertain and distrusted world, citizens appear to be seeking political expression in their everyday lives and quite prominently in their consumption practices. In advanced consumer societies, the politics of consumption have come to the centre stage. This book elaborates on the grounded perceptions, practices and problematizations of the equation of political action and market action. It presents the opportunities and hindrances of alternative forms of partaking in civic life by exploring how coffee activism presents a fruitful opportunity for citizens to participate in political life, how cultural citizenship can offer insights into the operation of everyday politics and how neoliberal narratives are framing discourses of coffee activism. The politics behind products can illuminate global tensions and engage citizens in social justice, but at the same time can confine civic action in the marketplace and anesthetise political action.
Alternative food networks : knowledge, practice, and politics
Consuming choices : ethics in a global consumer age
Contemporary issues in marketing and consumer behaviour
Abstract: Irresponsible talk? Essays on the signification of economic activity.
Contemporary issues in green and ethical marketing
Responsible tourist behaviour
What's fair? : the paradox of seeking justice through markets / Mark Moberg and Sarah Lyon -- Fair trade and the specialty coffee market : growing alliances, shifting rivalries / Julia Smith -- A new world? : neoliberalism and fair trade farming in the Eastern Caribbean / Mark Moberg -- Fair flowers : environmental and social labeling in the global cut flower trade / Catherine Ziegler -- Colonial pasts and fair trade futures : changing modes of production and regulation on darjeeling tea plantations / Sarah Besky -- A market of our own : women's livelihoods and fair trade markets / Sarah Lyon -- Fractured ties : the business of development in Kenyan fair trade tea / Catherine S. Dolan -- Fair trade craft production and indigenous economies : reflections on "acceptable" indigeneities / Patrick C. Wilson -- Fair money, fair trade : tracing alternative consumption in a local currency economy / Faidra Papavasiliou -- Relationship coffees : structure and agency in the fair trade system / Molly Doane -- Novica, Navajo knock-offs, and the 'net : a critique of fair trade marketing practices / Kathy M'Closkey -- Naming rights : ethnographies of fair trade / Jane Henrici
This book explores the links between food and democracy. It addresses how democratic principles can be used to shape our food system and takes a practical ‘how-to’ approach to using democratic processes to regain control of the food we eat. It also highlights what food democracy looks like on the ground and how individuals, communities and societies can be empowered to access, cook and eat healthy food in ways that are sustainable. Food democracy, as a concept, is a social movement based on the idea that people can and should be able to actively participate in shaping the food system rather than being passive spectators. The book is useful for university and advanced TAFE courses that cover topics examining food in health sciences, social sciences and other areas of study. It is also relevant to health practitioners, nutritionists, food advocates, policy makers and others with a keen interest in exploring an alternative to the industrial food system known as “Big Food.”
Irresponsible talk? Essays on the signification of economic activity.
Representation of green consumerism : a constructionist critique
Economy in changing society : consumptions, markets, organizations and social policies
Ekologisten & eettisten palveluiden opas : Tampere = Guide to ecological & ethical services in Tampere
A Critical Review of Relations between Corporate Responsibility Research and Practice
The political economy of consumer behaviour : contesting consumption
Fair Trade and Social Justice : Global Ethnographies
Consumer moral leadership
Green Supply Chain Management : Product Life Cycle Approach
Ethical consumption as a reflection of self-identity
Material culture studies and creative teaching of commodity geographies
Analysis of sustainability at Maretarium Souvenir Shop in Kotka
Consumption norms and everyday ethics
Consumer Ethics Research: Reframing the Debate about Consumption for Good
Behind ethical consumption : purchasing motives and marketing strategies for organic food products, non-GMOs, bio-fuels
Ecological intelligence : how knowing the hidden impacts of what we buy can change everything
