http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21028 research history
research history
Modern drama and the rhetoric of theater
Food and evolution : toward a theory of human food habits
Some aspects of the study of the history of ethnology
Landscape dynamics : spatial analyses of villages and farms on Gotland AD 200-1700
Signs in society : studies in semiotic anthropology
Fifty major political thinkers
The anthropology of expeditions : travel, visualities, afterlives
The German Research Foundation 1920-1970 : funding poised between science and politics
"In the West at the turn of the twentieth century, public understanding of science and the world was shaped in part by expeditions to Asia, North America, and the Pacific. The Anthropology of Expeditions draws together contributions from anthropologists and historians of science to explore the role of these journeys in natural history and anthropology between approximately 1890 and 1930. By examining collected materials as well as museum and archive records, the contributors to this volume shed light on the complex social life and intimate work practices of the researchers involved in these expeditions. At the same time, the contributors also demonstrate the methodological challenges and rewards of studying these legacies and provide new insights for the history of collecting, history of anthropology, and histories of expeditions. Offering fascinating insights into the nature of expeditions and the human relationships that shaped them, The Anthropology of Expeditions sets a new standard for the field. "--
The Dead Sea Scrolls : a full history. Volume one, 1947-1960
An American scholar in Finland
Translation studies
A History of Oriental Studies in Poznań
The rise of anthropological theory : a history of theories of culture
Going to the people : Jews and the ethnographic impulse
Gender questions and current challenges for Luther and Reformation studies
At a time when much attention is focused on the Horn of Africa as one of Africa's most war-ravaged regions and a continued source of security concern regionally and globally, this Discussion Paper provides deep insights into the complex dimensions of and linkages between the violent conflicts in the region. Delving into history and the core and contextual factors underpinning these wars in the postcolonial era, the author provides a conceptual framework for grappling with the complex inter- and intra-state conflicts by focusing on the institutional and structural causes of war. He goes on to make a compelling argument that conflict for institutional and democratic state transformation in the Horn of Africa is a fundamental step towards long-term peace and sustainable development.
In defense of anthropology : an investigation of the critique of anthropology
FNG Research
Rossijskie èkspedicii v Central'nuû Aziû v konce XIX - načale XX veka = Russian expeditions to Central Asia at the turn of the 20th century
Northern insights : feminist inquiries into politics of place, knowledge and agency
Rhetoric in American anthropology : gender, genre, and science
The Linguistic Background of the  Ancient Meshchera Tribe and Principal Areas of  Settlement
"Resolution of the sixty year debate over continental drift, culminating in the triumph of plate tectonics, changed the very fabric of Earth Science. This three-volume treatise on the continental drift controversy is the first complete history of the origin, debate and gradual acceptance of this revolutionary theory. Based on extensive interviews, archival papers and original works, Frankel weaves together the lives and work of the scientists involved, producing an accessible narrative for scientists and non-scientists alike. This first volume covers the period in the early 1900s when Wegener first pointed out that the Earth's major landmasses could be fitted together like a jigsaw and went on to propose that the continents had once been joined together in a single landmass, which he named Pangaea. It describes the reception of Wegener's theory as it splintered into sub-controversies and geoscientists became divided between the 'fixists' and 'mobilists'"--
Some remarks on the history of the field studies in the Komi ethnography
Hungarian archaeology at the turn of the millennium
Finnish yearbook of political thought. 1997.
An invitation to laughter : a Lebanese anthropologist in the Arab world
Religion and culture : an introduction to anthropology of religion
Dark Tourism and Destination Marketing
African folklore
Altered states of consciousness and PSI : an historical survey and research prospectus
The Routledge international handbook on narrative and life history
The Dead Sea scrolls : what have we learned 50 years on?
The ends of the earth : an anthology of the finest writing on the Arctic and the Antarctic
Finnish yearbook of political thought. 1998, vol. 2.
"Monsters, ghosts, fantastic beings, and supernatural phenomena of all sorts haunt the folklore and popular culture of Japan. Broadly labeled 'yokai,' these creatures come in infinite shapes and sizes, from tengu mountain goblins and kappa water spirits to shape-shifting foxes and long-tongued ceiling-lickers. Currently popular in anime, manga, film, and computer games, many yokai originated in local legends, folktales, and regional ghost stories. Drawing on years of research in Japan, Michael Dylan Foster unpacks the history and cultural context of yokai, tracing their roots, interpreting their meanings, and introducing people who have hunted them through the ages. In this delightful and accessible narrative, readers will explore the roles played by these mysterious beings within Japanese culture and will also learn of their abundance and variety through detailed entries, some with original illustrations, on more than fifty individual creatures. The Book of Yokai provides a lively excursion into Japanese folklore and its ever-expanding influence within global popular culture. It invites readers to examine how people create, transmit, and collect folklore, and how they make sense of the mysteries in the world around them. By exploring yokai as a concept, we can better understand broader processes of tradition, innovation, storytelling, and individual and communal creativity"--Provided by publisher.
Anthropology, history, and American Indians : essays in honor of William Curtis Sturtevant
Marginality and reflexivity in folklore studies
Historical dictionary of shamanism
The Palgrave handbook of sociology in Britain
Why cultural studies?
The casing layer : proceedings of the first seminar in mushroom science held in the Department of Biological Sciences, The University of Aston in Birmingham
Storylines : politics, history and narrative from an Arendtian perspective
An essay on substrate studies and the origin of Saami
Hidden figures : the American dream and the untold story of the Black women mathematicians who helped win the space race
The article outlines the historical development of the study of folk religion and mythology in Estonian scholarship. It shows how the changing ideological and political context and formation of folkloristics as an autonomous discipline have shaped the construction of its object - Estonian folk religion. The roots of conceptualizing folk religion as an inherited set of survivals of heathendom lies on the one hand in the systematic work of the Lutheran Church in strengthening the Christian worldview by eradicating superstitions. On the other hand, the ideology of national awakening depicted Estonian folklore as a huge and valuable reservoir of pre-Christian traditions, including the oldest survivals of Finno-Ugric cultural heritage. Later, during the period of Soviet occupation, Marxist evolutionary views contributed towards considering folk religion as an archaic form in human development; in addition, anti-clerical ideology reinforced a stereotype of the people's adherence to their indigenous religion and contrasting this with Christianity as an alien ideology of oppression. The last part of the article discusses scholarship after the re-establishment of Estonia's independence in 1991, as the former ideological framework slowly faded away and new conceptual developments emerged.
Comparative religion : a history
Conference report : new focus on retrospective methods : 13th-14th September, 2010, Bergen, Norway
Luke the theologian : fifty-five years of research (1950-2005)
No abstract
The book of yokai : mysterious creatures of Japanese folklore
"British sociology has been central to the evolution of the field, playing a key role in the establishment of the discipline internationally and in the professionalization of the subject within the academy. This Handbook, drawing together leading specialists from across the subject, provides a comprehensive history of the discipline within Britain and demonstrates the continuing influence of British sociological thinking globally. Addressing key moments in the development of sociology, this Handbook examines its 18th century origins in Scottish thought, 19th century evolutionism, the impact of the end of empire in the 20th century, the role of exiles, the rise of feminism and the implications of the most recent Government policies toward universities. The volume examines the institutionalization of sociology through the creation of departments, the development of research methods, the writing of textbooks and the creation and influence of the book series, the International Library of Sociology. Further, individual chapters discuss key topics of sociological study in Britain such as class, race and ethnicity, religion, the sociology of the body, cultural studies, and criminology, and its relation to other fields of research such as poverty, social work and the humanities. Challenging received ideas about the discipline and recovering lost histories this one-stop overview is an essential reference guide to the growth of sociology and the sociological imagination. "--
Marius Barbeau : man of Mana : a biography
On the paradigms of Uralic comparative studies
New studies in modern Russian literature and culture : essays in honor of Stanley J. Rabinowitz
Japan and national anthropology : a critique
Managing science : methodology and organization of research
Monks, clerks, and King Arthur: reading Geoffrey of Monmouth in the twelfth and thirteenth centuries
Science encounters the Indian, 1820-1880 : the early years of American ethnology
Sun in a bottle : the strange history of fusion and the science of wishful thinking
Modernization of the countryside as a challenge to Finnish ethnology
Social contexts of American ethnology, 1840-1984
Deissmann the philologist
Flora mirabilis : how plants have shaped world knowledge, health, wealth, and beauty
Life and works of Alexander Csoma de Körös
4 anthropologists : an American science in its early years
Beyond essence : Ernst Troeltsch as historian and theorist of Christianity
Designs for an anthropology of the contemporary
25 years of archaeological research in Bohemia : on the occasion of the 75th anniversary of the Institute of Archaeology, Prague
Cultural anthropology
Isis in Babylonia?
Smallpox, Syphilis and salvation : medical breakthroughs that changed the world
Mapping historians : historians' orientations and historical production
Science in history. 4, The social sciences : conclusion
The continental drift controversy. Vol. 4, Evolution into plate tectonics
Folkloristic contributions towards religious studies in Estonia : a historical outline
Big questions in history
Comparative education : the construction of a field
Within and beyond oral history in Russia
Recent ballad research : proceedings of the 19th International Folk Ballad Conference of the Kommission für Volksdichtung of the Société internationale d'ethnologie et de folklore, hosted by the Deutsches Volksliedarchiv, Freiburg im Breisgau, F.R.G., 1-6 May 1989. Vol. 2
Immortal longings : F.W.H. Myers and the Victorian search for life after death
The rebirth of an image : transformation in the construction of meaning in painting : a case study of Diego Velázquez' and Francis Bacon's papal portraits of Innocent X
The expression 'Son of Man' and the development of Christology : a history of interpretation
International Organization for the Study of the Old Testament : 20th Congress of IOSOT : Helsinki, 1-6 August 2010
Einar Barnes and the Lost Tradition of Dagur Studies in Norway
A history of the interpretation of the Gospel of Mark. Volume 1, Through the nineteenth century
History of Iberoamerican folklore : Mestizo cultures : (based on a series of lectures delivered at The University of California at Los Angeles)
The nation should come first : Marxism and historiography in East Central Europe
Jazz research and the moments of change
The study of Russian folklore
Viking Age in Finland : identity and identification : pre-print materials of the seminar “Identity and identification and the Viking Age in Finland (with special emphasis on the Åland Islands)” : Mariehamn, Åland 03.-04.09.2012
The enticement of religion
Visual vocabulary, visual strategy
The western spread of Permic hydronyms
The hunt for Vulcan : how Albert Einstein destroyed a planet and deciphered the universe
Mental culture : classical social theory and the cognitive science of religion
Towards a history of archaeology : being the papers read at the first Conference on the History of Archaeology in Aarhus, 29 August - 2 September 1978
Redefining the legal and canonical role of the old believers marriage in 19th century Russia : a history of one case
The role of Finno-Ugric ethnology today and beyond
The anthropological romance of Bali 1597-1972 : dynamic perspectives in marriage and caste, politics and religion
Why a network for retrospective methods?
Archaeomineralogy
Essaying the past : how to read, write and think about history
Looking for a few good males : female choice in evolutionary biology
The Russian folktale by Vladimir Yakovlevich Propp
Trends in Nordic tradition research
Seeing further : the story of science, discovery, and the genius of the Royal Society
The heritage crusade and the spoils of history
The European fairy-tale tradition between orality and literacy
Jane Austen, the secret radical
Heritage has burgeoned over the past quarter of a century from a small elite preoccupation into a major popular crusade. Everything from Disneyland to the Holocaust Museum, from the Balkan wars to the Northern Irish troubles, from Elvis memorabilia to the Elgin Marbles bears the marks of the cult of heritage. In this acclaimed 1998 book David Lowenthal explains the rise of this obsession with the past and examines its power for both good and evil.
Fashioning history : current practices and principles
The Mundugumor : from the field notes of Margaret Mead and Reo Fortune
An excellent introduction to methodology in history which will be read with advantage by historians at any stage of their development. History Can easily be handled by the general reader wanting to know what is happening to history today. British Book News This classic introduction to the study of history invites the reader to stand back and consider some of its most fundamental questions - What is the point of studying history? How do we know about the past? Does an objective historical truth exist and can we ever access it? In answering these central questions, John Tosh argues that, despite the impression of fragmentation created by postmodernism in recent years, history is a coherent discipline which still bears the imprint of its nineteenth-century origins. Consistently clear-sighted, he provides a lively and compelling guide to a complex and sometimes controversial subject, while making his readers vividly aware of just how far our historical knowledge is conditioned by the character of the sources and the methods of the historians who work on them. The fifth edition has been revised and updated throughout, with the addition of new sections on: * Global history * Comparative history * Postcolonialism * Women's and gender history * Oral history and memory Lucid and engaging, this new edition retains all the user-friendly features that have helped to make this book a favourite with both students and lecturers, including marginal glosses, illustrations, suggested further reading and boxed guides to key events and people.
Building a visual vocabulary : the methodology of 'reading' images in context
Critical factors in the Horn of Africa's raging conflicts
Thoughts on world-historical anthropology and the new culturalism
The landscape has played - and continues to play - an important role in the process of constructing a national identity in Finland. In this process, certain areas and views, whether real or imaginary, are designated as vital symbols of the national culture. The landscape is not merely an image, a map or a view of the existing motherland, however. It is also a part of the nation's history, which is marked in the landscape in the form of significant buildings and monuments to historical events, so that the past may be seen as forming an unbroken continuum with the present. Work is constantly going on to maintain and renew the national traditions of landscape description. This means that whatever its age and nostalgic associations, the landscape is an integral part of our present-day lives. The images, maps, and discourses associated with the landscape may have altered in the course of time, and even the physical areas or views may have been replaced with new ones, but the ideal of a Finnish landscape has persisted. The signs and significations attached to it thus remain a powerful part of our national culture.
Representing ethnography
History of researches on Indian Buddhism
Finno-Ugristics in the Republic of Komi on the turn of a new millennium : results and perspectives
Lietuvos elachistidai (Lepidoptera, Elachistidae) : monografija = Elachistidae of Lithuania (Lepidoptera: Elachistidae)
History and folklore studies in Japan
Redescriptions : yearbook of political thought, conceptual history and feminist theory. 2012/2013, vol. 16
From the history of religions to the science of religion in Norway
Introduction
Pioneers of Jewish ethnography and folkloristics in eastern Europe
Critical approaches to comics : theories and methods
Soviet ethnology and anthropology today
The history of the academic study of religion in Denmark resembles developments in other Nordic and European countries as it has moved from a primarily historical-philological and comparative 'history of religions' towards a broader 'study of religion(s)' that includes history of religions together with theories and methods from a wide variety of the human, social and today also natural sciences. Uppsala University was one of the three main centers of positivism at the end of the 19th century, and its influence was evident and long-lasting also in Denmark. By the end of the 1970s, debates and reflections on methods and theories slowly began to have a greater impact, and from the mid-80s and especially mid-90s, also due to conscious efforts not least in Aarhus, methodological issues gained in importance. A turn towards contemporary religion also became evident. Today it may be claimed that a kind of balance has been achieved whereby historical and empirical studies of religions go hand in hand with theoretical and methodological reflections, and where a balance between, on the one hand, more classical comparative history of religions materials and approaches, and, on the other hand, new and different areas of research, and new and different approaches and theories are of equal importance. With regard to individual research, research programs, and study programs, the history of the history of religions in Denmark cannot be described in detail here. This article presents the broad picture of important developments within and across the three Danish universities that have study of religion departments. Although the early histories are briefly touched upon, the focus will be on the past 50 years, from about 1960 until 2014, thus roughly the same period that Temenos has been in existence.
Franz Boas 1858-1942 : an illustrated biography
Science in history. 3, The natural sciences in our time
A survey of structural linguistics
This book is a remarkable feat of scholarship - so remarkable in fact that I put it in the same league as the great classics of the field that had so much to do with setting the direction of 'Comparative Education'. Indeed, this volume goes further than earlier classics to reveal, through textual analysis and interviews with key figures, how the epistemological foundations of the field and crucial professional developments combined to, as the title indicates, construct Comparative Education. Manzon's work is indispensable - a word I do not use lightly - for scholars who seek a genuine grasp of the field: how it was formed and by whom, its major theoreticians, its professional foundations, and so on. Clearly too, this book marks the rise of a young star, Maria Manzon, who shows promise of joining the ranks of our field's most illustrious thinkers.
Anthropology in China : defining the discipline
The history of religions school today : essays on the New Testament and related ancient mediterranean texts
Cybernetics--the science of communication and control as it applies to machines and to humans--originates from efforts during World War II to build automatic anti-aircraft systems. Following the war, this science extended beyond military needs to examine all systems that rely on information and feedback, from the level of the cell to that of society. In The Cybernetics Moment, Ronald R. Kline, a senior historian of technology, examines the intellectual and cultural history of cybernetics and information theory, whose language of "information," "feedback," and "control" transformed the idiom of the sciences, hastened the development of information technologies, and laid the conceptual foundation for what we now call the Information Age. Kline argues that, for about twenty years after 1950, the growth of cybernetics and information theory and ever-more-powerful computers produced a utopian information narrative--an enthusiasm for information science that influenced natural scientists, social scientists, engineers, humanists, policymakers, public intellectuals, and journalists, all of whom struggled to come to grips with new relationships between humans and intelligent machines. Kline traces the relationship between the invention of computers and communication systems and the rise, decline, and transformation of cybernetics by analyzing the lives and work of such notables as Norbert Wiener, Claude Shannon, Warren McCulloch, Margaret Mead, Gregory Bateson, and Herbert Simon. Ultimately, he reveals the crucial role played by the cybernetics moment--when cybernetics and information theory were seen as universal sciences--in setting the stage for our current preoccupation with information technologies."--Publisher's description.
The cybernetics moment : or why we call our age the information age
The construction of Anglo-Saxon legendary history
The historical Jesus : an essential guide
The Historical Museum and archaeological research at Lund University 1805-2005
The ninth biennial meeting of the INBCH at the university of Klaipėda, 2014.
Good calories, bad calories : challenging the conventional wisdom on diet, weight control, and disease
A spiral way : how the phonograph changed ethnography
Finnish and Finnish American folklore studies : an afterword
Forestry in Namibia 1850-1990
The new media handbook
Rethinking national literatures and the literary canon in Scandinavia
American anthropology and company : historical explorations
The past in the presence : an overview of folkloristics in the late 20th century
Practicing history : new directions in historical writing after the linguistic turn
International perspectives on pilgrimage studies : itineraries, gaps, and obstacles
American studies in Europe : their history and present organization
Samoyedic studies : a state-of-the-art report
"Why is the set of human beliefs and behaviours that we call "religion" such a widespread feature of all known human societies, past and present, and why are there so many forms of religiosity found throughout history and culture? "Mental Culture" brings together an international range of scholars - from Anthropology, History, Psychology, Philosophy, and Religious Studies - to answer these questions. Connecting classical theories and approaches with the newly established field of the Cognitive Science of Religion, the aim of "Mental Culture" is to provide scholars and students of religion with an overview of contemporary scientific approaches to religion while tracing their intellectual development to some of the great thinkers of the past." --Publisher's description.
Worldly provincialism : German anthropology in the age of empire
This volume demonstrates a new approach to cultural history, as it now being practiced by both historians and musicologists, in their quest to grasp the realms of human experience understanding, communication and meaning through the study of music and of musical practices.
The Anglo-Saxon charms : texts in context
Fiction through metaphor : a case study of The God of small things
Ethnography at Hungarian universities : the first department of ethnography in Hungary at University of Szeged, 1929
A disciplinary history of Latvian mythology
"Classics of International Relations introduces, contextualises and assesses 24 of the most important works on international relations of the last 100 years. Providing an indispensable guide for all students of IR theory, from advanced undergraduates to academic specialists, it asks why are these works considered classics? Is their status deserved? Will it endure? It takes as its starting point Norman Angell's best-selling The Great Illusion (1909) and concludes with Daniel Deudney's award winning Bounding Power (2006). The volume does not ignore established classics such as Morgenthau's Politics Among Nations and Waltz's Theory of International Politics, but seeks to expand the 'IR canon' beyond its core realist and liberal texts. It thus considers emerging classics such as Linklater's critical sociology of moral boundaries, Men and Citizens in the Theory of International Relations, and Enloe's pioneering gender analysis, Bananas, Beaches and Bases. It also innovatively considers certain 'alternative format' classics such as Kubrick's satire on the nuclear arms race, Dr Strangelove, and Errol Morris's powerful documentary on war and US foreign policy, The Fog of War. With an international cast of contributors, many of them leading authorities on their subject, Classics of International Relations will become a standard reference for all those wishing to make sense of a rapidly developing and diversifying field." -- Publisher website.
Redescriptions : yearbook of political thought and conceptual history. 2004, vol. 8
Southern historiography in modern history : figural and philosophical aspects of historical discourse in Virginia and South Carolina, 1800-1844
The Finnish landscape and its meanings
Anthropologists and their traditions across national borders
This is a characteristically provocative and engaging essay from one of the world's most distinguished social scientists. Jack Goody argues that Occidentalist views of our past have continued to dominate, to an unhealthy degree, and that the west has managed to steal credit for the invention of major conceptual categories like democracy, capitalism and individualism, and also to impose its own conceptual categories (especially those of time) onto the rest of the world.The Theft of History will be read by an unusually wide audience of historians, anthropologists and social theorists.
From the history of religions to the study of religion in Denmark : an essay on the subject, organizational history and research themes
Non-canonical case-marking on core arguments in Lithuanian : a historical and contrastive perspective
How ethnology treats religious issues : an example from East-Central Europe
A magnificent history of the gene and a response to the defining question of the future: What becomes of being human when we learn to "read" and "write" our own genetic information? Siddhartha Mukherjee has a written a biography of the gene as deft, brilliant, and illuminating as his extraordinarily successful biography of cancer. Weaving science, social history, and personal narrative to tell us the story of one of the most important conceptual breakthroughs of modern times, Mukherjee animates the quest to understand human heredity and its surprising influence on our lives, personalities, identities, fates, and choices.
Geographical institutions in Estonia : history and present time
Environmental education in the 21st century : theory, practice, progress and promise
Behind the texts and notes and the edition : M. A. Castrén's lectures on mythology
The gene : an intimate history
Routes of learning : highways, pathways, and byways in the history of mathematics
The present volume offers a glimpse at one currently thriving expression of the distinguished history of religions school approach to the New Testament and early Christian literature. Begun circa 1884 at the University of Göttingen and pioneered by scholars such as Albert Eichhorn, Wilhelm Bousset, Johannes Weiß, and William Wrede, today applications of this approach are diverse. In North America, the University of Chicago has long been a hub of this type of investigation. Over the last century, many of these studies have produced groundbreaking results. Essays in this collection apply this method to a range of topics and themes demonstrating its enduring value. Contributors: Jeff Asher, Thomas R. Blanton IV, Laurie Brink, O.P., Robert Matthew Calhoun, Paul B. Duff, Matthijs Den Dulk, Justin Howell, Matt Jackson-McCabe, Meira Z. Kensky, Andrew Langford, David G. Monaco, S.S.L., Mark Reasoner, Clare K. Rothschild, Jeffrey A. Trumbower
When the state falls : studies on intervention in the Sierra Leone civil war
The musical realism of Leoš Janáček : from speech melodies to a theory of composition
Native American life-history narratives : colonial and postcolonial Navajo ethnography
The continental drift controversy. Vol. 1, Wegener and the Early Debate
The Middle East : an anthropological approach
A history of anthropological thought
Lexicography then and now : selected essays
After the king : the future of New Sweden in American scholarship
The Oxford handbook of the new cultural history of music
Research on the prehistory of the Hungarian language
Readings in ethnomusicology
The wellsprings of music
A history of folkloristics
Changing religious worlds : the meaning and end of Mircea Eliade
Finnish folklore research 1828-1918
Unmanageable opera? : the artistic-economic dichotomy and its manifestations in the organisational structures of five opera organisations
Transmission difficulties : Franz Boas and Tsimshian mythology
Unveiling the apocalyptic Paul : Paul's interpreters and the rhetoric of criticism
Beyond the wall : exploring George R. R. Martin's A song of ice and fire, from A game of thrones to A dance with dragons
Science in history. 1, The emergence of science
What is cultural history?
The theft of history
"And they are still living happily ever after" : anthropology, cultural history, and interpretation of fairy tales
What actually happened in Estonian political history : stories of the 20th century events from the viewpoint of popular narrated history
The cowboy politics of an enlightened future : history, expansionism, and guardianship in Isaac Asimov's science fiction
Classics of international relations : essays in criticism and appreciation
Studies of wooden churches in Finland : Josef Strzygowski and Lars Petterson
The history of Lapland and the case of the Sami noaidi drum figures reversed
The map of lost memories : a novel
The past and present archaeological research in Iran : development and some ethical questions
Before Boas : the genesis of ethnography and ethnology in the German Enlightenment
Social anthropology in perspective : the relevance of social anthropology
Prejudice and Christian beginnings : investigating race, gender, and ethnicity in early Christian studies
Ethnological sciences join forces : ethnology at the University of Jyväskylä
Grimms' fairy tales : a history of criticism on a popular classic
The pursuit of history : aims, methods and new directions in the study of modern history
Kalendarium dziejów geografii polskiej : wybor = History of geography in Poland : selected items
Metaphor and metaphorology : a selective genealogy of philosophical and linguistic conceptions of metaphor from Aristotle to the 1990s
Technology acceptance of digital historical record database systems among historians
"In the early twentieth century, the field of anthropology transformed itself from the "welcoming science," uniquely open to women, people of color, and amateurs, into a professional science of culture. The new field grew in rigor and prestige but excluded practitioners and methods that no longer fit a narrow standard of scientific legitimacy. In Rhetoric in American Anthropology, Risa Applegarth traces the "rhetorical archeology" of this transformation in the writings of early women anthropologists"--
How humour makes a difference
Ballads into books : the legacies of Francis James Child : selected papers from the 26th International Ballad Conference (SIEF Ballad Commission) Swansea, Wales, 19-24 July 1996
Historical research
Irrefutable evidence : adventures in the history of forensic science
Eighteenth-century London through masks : notes on disguise, authenticity, and libertinage in eighteenth-century London city guides
Advice for a young investigator
To bind and to separate: some preliminary ideas of early Irish injunctions
Urbanity as national otherness
Recent trends in the Finnish Archaeology
Words of power : studies in Rabbinic authority and literature
Fifty key thinkers on history
From the real Roma to imaginary gypsies : the Finnish Roma music and early scholarly study of Roma's music
International journal of sino-western studies
A history of anthropology
On research methodology in ancient and Byzantine history
The continental drift controversy. Vol. 2, Paleomagnetism and confirmation of drift
American anthropology : the early years. edited by John V. Murra
Matti Kuusi and perspectives of proverb research
Fibula, fabula, fact : the Viking Age in Finland
One discipline, four ways : British, German, French, and American anthropology
Two Hundred Years of Finnish Romani Linguistics
Hiis sites in the research history of Estonian sacred places
The focus in this article is on the developments in the study of religion in Norway during the last fifty years, reflecting over continuities and breaks with the past, over changes in themes, theories and methods as well as over relations to the surrounding world.
What, exactly, was the Charity Organization Society? Was it a cluster of affluent women imposing their moral propriety on the poor in the early 20th Century? Or was it the first concerted effort to professionalize previously random, subjective allocations of benefits and entitlements? This book will help researchers explore systematically such fascinating questions and debates in social work and social welfare history.   Mastering how to pose historical questions is as essential as finding the answers. This book, from its wide-ranging coverage of historiographic theory to detailed guidelines for conducting oral history and archival research, offers clear and practical research tools: how to design a study, select primary sources, understand the vocabulary of archives, determine useful secondary sources, and analyze them all. The book also features a guide to archives and special collections that details their holdings, access and locations, and research grants - essential knowledge for any researcher.   The thrill of stumbling across unexplored data in the stacks of a library is notorious. Now, this clearly written pocket guide will help established scholars as well as doctoral students get the most out of historical data.
Incest avoidance and the incest taboos : two aspects of human nature
Founders of Western Indology : August Wilhelm Von Schlegel and Henry Thomas Colebrooke in correspondence 1820-1837
The scientific revolution : a brief history with documents
The urban mind : cultural and environmental dynamics
The continental drift controversy. Vol. 3, Introduction of seafloor spreading
Finnish research in the fields of forest mensuration and management in 1909-1959
Professing linguistic historiography
Tale-type
Genetic analysis : a history of genetic thinking
Secular change of the seasonal sea level variation in the Baltic sea and secular change of the winter climate
