http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2109 public events
public events
The complete guide to careers in special events : step toward success!
Film festivals and activism
Electrical safety for live events
Focus on world festivals : contemporary case studies and perspectives
Events marketing management : a consumer perspective
Film festivals : from European geopolitics to global cinephilia
The 21st century meeting and event technologies : powerful tools for better planning, marketing and evaluation
Policing major events : perspectives from around the world
Preplanning for EMS
Moi Helsinki : design for public use & localisation of social media
"This well-grounded and practical guide highlights the underlying causes of crowd disasters and mass fatalities--living readers insight into the root causes of crowd related accidents. It presents a clearer understanding of crowd dynamics and provides the reader with fundamental modeling techniques to plan and manage and improve crowd safely in places of public assembly. The book is written for students and professionals in a number of areas such as event planning, licensing/approval and event operation, including the emergency services." --
Case Studies in Crowd Management
Sporting events and event tourism : impacts, plans and opportunities
Explores the use of technology to improve results on all kinds of events from initial planning stages right through to post event debriefing. This book provides all the solutions and tips on how to maximize the participation of your audience, cut costs and have better revenues from your events."
Excellence in exhibit and event design
Approaches and methods in event studies
"Events Feasibility and Development: From Strategy to Operations" answers two fundamental questions faced by all events planners and organisers: 'how do I justify this event to the client?' and 'why are we spending money on this event?' With a user-friendly learning structure containing bullet points, questions and exercises and international case studies (Australian Taxation Office, Saudi Arabian events returns, Fuji-Xerox events), "Events Feasibility and Development: From Strategy to Operations" looks at issues such as: The process of creating a feasibility study; Events forecasting models and cost/benefit analysis; Types of events (exhibitions, sports, festivals) and their benefits and returns; Project management tools for measuring return on investment; Presents tools, techniques and arguments for justifying expenditure on event and festivals; Guides the reader through the project management process moulding existing models of cost benefit analysis for the events industry; and, International case study material is used throughout to add practical insight and support theory.
Arranging concerts in Restaurant Amarillo
Event management is a growing business that is spread out into different sub-sections that operate with varying levels of proficiency. What is interesting about the business is that it touches the lives of a huge number of people but has raised little "official" interest, which could be reasoned by looking at how much resources are put into training new event management professionals. Moreover, the lack of proper literature on the subject by local authors makes aspiring event professionals start out their careers in the world of events by making the same mistakes as everyone else. This is a great shame and a situation that calls for corrective action.   Professionals in event management were interviewed for this thesis in order to find what event management is all about and what are the prerequisites for people who aim for success in the business. This information, along with the authors' own experiences, are to help produce a handbook for the beginning event manager, a handbook that helps smooth out the ruts that hinder the performance of those who are fresh to the trade.  Through the interviews the authors found out that the Finnish event management professionals have very similar views of event management as their American colleagues (as most books on the subject are written by American authors); still, they acknowledged the meaning of Finland indigenous cultural climate and limitations it sets on how such literature can be used here for educational purposes. They agreed that a handbook that would illuminate the Finnish business culture and leave the reader better prepared for the real world would greatly attribute to the training of new event management professionals.
Coming soon to a festival near you : programming film festivals
The process of making a handbook : case: event management
From ancient Rome to rock 'n' roll : a review of the UK leisure security industry
Staging events : A Practical Guide
Events exposed : managing & designing special events
Event management : an international journal
Public speaking coach and bestselling author Gallo has broken down hundreds of TED talks and interviewed the most popular TED (technology, entertainment, design) presenters as well as the top researchers in the fields of psychology, communications, and neuroscience to get their cutting-edge insights and to reveal the nine secrets of all successful TED presentations.
Festival and special event management
Film festivals and East Asia
Techno style : Musik, Grafik, Mode und Partykultur der Techno-Bewegung : music, graphics, fashion and party culture of the Techno movement
Meetings, conventions, and expositions : an introduction to the industry
Waste management plan for Farmari 2005 Agricultural Fair of Finland
Life of work: what office design can learn from the world around us sets out to make the twenty-first century workplace a more dynamic, engaging, colourful, flexible and inclusive place. Jeremy Myerson and Imogen Privett, from the Royal College of Art in London, looked in some unlikely places for ideas and inspiration? - the academic library, theatre design, pop up events in the city and intensive team environments in air traffic control, emergency medical departments and the newsroom. Working from the position that, whilst the design of most contemporary offices satisfies physical and functional requirements, it seldom supports the psychological comfort and individual needs of the people who use them every working day, Life of Work offers an agenda for change that has significant implications for every level of workplace design and implementation. Based on a major research project between the Helen Hamlyn Centre for Design at the Royal College of Art and two global industry partners, Haworth and Philips Lighting, Life of Work will be of value to anyone who has an interest in architecture or interior design, the politics and management of the working environment, space design and urban planning, as well as furniture design.
Case studies in crowd management, security and business continuity
Managing critical incidents and large-scale event security
Managing sport facilities and major events
Waste management in Rustenburg Local Municipality during 2010 FIFA World CupTM : a preliminary waste management plan
Human resource management for events : managing the event workforce
KU Event Originals : creating a business plan for an event planning company
Sport and spectacle in the ancient world
Talk like TED : the 9 public speaking secrets of the world's top minds
Pre-modern games in a modern world : a case of public festivals as rational recreation in 19th century Finland
Giving presentations : expert solutions to everyday challenges
Collins public speaking
Technology and events : how to create engaging events
Event risk management and safety
Choreography of the masses : in sport, in the stadium, in a frenzy
The complete guide to successful event planning : with companion CD-ROM
Festival graphics
Live architecture : venues, stages, and arenas for popular music
Art of the event : complete guide to designing and decorating special events
Crisis management and emergency planning : preparing for today's challenges
Planning and management of meetings, expositions, events and conventions
The arts promoters' pack : a guide to putting on an arts event for small-scale venues and promoters
Introduction to crowd science
Event management  : for tourism, cultural, business and sporting events
Special events : proven strategies for nonprofit fundraising
Health and Safety Management in the Live Music and Events Industry
Presenting at conferences, seminars and meetings
Special events : event leadership for a new world
The event manager's bible : the complete guide to planning and organising a voluntary or public event
The event marketing handbook : beyond logistics & planning
Professional event coordination
"Preface 'Safety First' is 'Safety Always'. Charles M. Hayes The safety of the people shall be the highest law. Marcus Tullius Cicero In this book, we* demonstrate how crowd accidents and incidents--specifically mass fatalities in crowded spaces--can occur, and how they can be avoided using simple, practical and low-cost analysis techniques. We explore the underlying causes of accidents and incidents, and provide the reader with a comprehensive set of tools for crowd risk analysis and crowd safety engineering. These tools, methods and worked examples come for over two decades of consulting on major crowd projects. We have also been teaching, training and developing applications around the world for over 10 years; these methods have been applied to many major events in the United Kingdom, the United States and elsewhere. We demonstrate real-world case studies from a range of event sites and demonstrate how we ensured safety in some complex sites. Throughout the book we focus on the practical elements of developing the crowd risk analysis and crowd safety aspects of an event plan, with consideration to places of public assembly, major events and large-scale urban environments. We define a range of modelling techniques, including line diagrams that represent crowd flow, calculations of the speed at which a space can fill, and of the time it takes for that space to reach critical and then crush density. We define a method of understanding, * Over the years, a variety of associates have worked with the author, in the field, on operational research, development and teaching activities described throughout the book. Their names are listed in the acknowledgements. Although we are using the academic convention hroughout this book, "we" refers to the author experience and"--
Tourism security is an important part of both security management and tourism. Private security professionals and police departments in tourism cities, as well as hotels, major attractions, and theme parks, have all come to realize that tourism security and safety issues (often called tourism surety) are essential for industry survival and success. In Tourism Security, leading expert Peter Tarlow addresses a range of key issues in tourism safety and security. The book guides the reader through a study of tourism security themes and best practices. Topics include the relationship between tourism security and the economy, hotel and motel security, risk and crisis management, public places, transportation, and legal issues. The book also includes case studies of four popular tourist destinations. With each destination, an interview with a police or security representative is included-providing unique, in-depth insight to security concerns. Tourism Security is an invaluable resource for private security professionals, police departments that serve tourist destinations, and tourism professionals who work in hotels or convention centers, or at attractions, casinos, or events.
Events design and experience
Sport and safety management
The Oxford handbook of public archaeology
Event management for dummies
Public speaking : a process approach
Successful event management : a practical handbook
Start  & run an event planning business
"The step-by-step process in Careers in Special Events will help event planners showcase their skills. It shows them how to create a unique and creative approach with a proven plan. Industry professionals provide insight and advice on gaining the appropriate skills, making contacts, networking, and using knowledge to ace job interviews. Various Action Steps are featured throughout the pages, as well as exercises to reinforce concepts. The Practice Activity at the end of each chapter helps measure progress and identify areas of individual focus. Samples of cover letters and thank you notes in addition to dining etiquette when interviewing over a meal are also presented to give event planners all the tools they'll need to succeed. -- Provided by publisher.
Talk like TED : the 9 public-speaking secrets of the world's top minds
The event marketing handbook : beyond logistics and planning
Event studies : theory, research and policy for planned events
Tourism security : strategies for effectively managing travel risk and safety
Stage design : concerts, events, ceremonies and theater
Public speaking : an audience-centered approach
Rigging for entertainment : regulations and practice
Management of event operations
Eventdesign Jahrbuch 2010 2011 = Event design yearbook 2010 2011
Events feasibility and development : from strategy to operations
Christmas seasons of Turku in 2002-2004 : events, visual effects, foreigners' views, and comparisons among Europe, Japan and Turku
Event management in sport, recreation and tourism : theoretical and practical dimensions
Music event management & promotion
The event manager's bible : how to plan and deliver an event
Special events medical services
The thesis created is project-based and concerning event planning and making a business plan. The product made is a preliminary business plan for an event planning company wished to be established in the future. The primary objective was to create the business plan for the company and the secondary objectives were to research event planning industry and profession as well as business planning in order to acquire further knowledge about the field for future career.    First section will provide the theory for creating the product. It will contain the background information about event planning as an industry, as a profession as well as different types of event planning. It will also explain the purpose and contents of a business plan as well as give general guidelines on how to create one. The second section of the report will describe the process of creating the business plan. It will explain the project plan, implementation, key points, outcome of the project as well as the evaluation of the process.    Theoretical framework for the project was gathered from Industry literature as well as appropriate Internet sites. The preliminary research took approximately two months to conduct but there were constant research for additional facts and figures throughout the project. There were numerous sources used and the research formed the background information and the base for the business plan.     The thesis was created in approximately five months from December to April. Results of the thesis report as well as the product created are satisfactory. There were limitations caused by lack of prior knowledge, experience, reliability, one-sided sources and time-restraints but the end result corresponds with the objectives set before beginning the project.
Doing events research : from theory to practice
Abstract:.
Terrorism and the olympics : major event security and lessons for the future
The recent proliferation of events as a subject of study in its own right has signalled the emergence of a new field – event studies. However, whilst the management-inspired notion of planned events, which strives for conceptual slenderness, may indeed be useful for event managers, the moment we attempt to advance knowledge about events as social, cultural and political phenomena, we realise the extent to which the field is theoretically impoverished. Event studies, it is argued, must transcend overt business-like perspectives in order to grasp events in their complexities. This book challenges the reader to reach beyond the established modes of thinking about events by placing them against a backdrop of much wider, critical discourse. Approaches and Methods in Event Studies emerges as a conceptual and methodological tour de force—comprising the works of scholars of diverse backgrounds coming together to address a range of philosophical, theoretical, and methods-related problems. The areas covered include the concepts of eventification and eventual approaches to events, a mobilities paradigm, rhizomatic events, critical discourse analysis, visual methods, reflexive and ethnographic research into events, and indigenous acumen. Researchers and students engaged in the study of events will draw much inspiration from the contributions and from the volume as a whole.
Event management of a French Day
Sound systems : design and optimization : modern techniques and tools for sound system design and alignment
Finnish Consumer Agency's guidelines for the promotion of safety in program services
Events management : an introduction
ORGANISING LARGE EVENTS  : Case: WOMEN’S TEN FUN RUN IN ST.PETERSBURG
Many theatres and theatre companies host post-show discussions, or talkbacks, as part of their season. Often these are done for established plays with the goal of audience cultivation; others are done as part of the new development process. While post-show discussions are fairly ubiquitous, without a clear definition of what they are, who they are for, how they are led, and how they are structured, they are floundering. Playwrights consider them a joke, theatres use them for audience cultivation on top of helping the playwright, thus muddying the focus of the discussions, and audiences are unsure as to their role in the post-show discussion because they aren't properly prepared for them. This book is a critical examination of what has and has not worked with post-show discussions utilized in new play development. Fisher provides a framework for understanding these discussions, steps for building the foundation of them, and strategies for structuring them in a variety of ways.
"The step-by-step process in Careers in Special Events will help event planners showcase their skills. It shows them how to create a unique and creative approach with a proven plan"--Provided by publisher.
Journal of convention & event tourism
Event planning : the ultimate guide to successful meetings, corporate events, fundraising galas, conferences, conventions, incentives, and other special events
Case studies in festival and event marketing and cultural tourism
Life of work : what office design can learn from the world around us
Innovative marketing communications : strategies for the events industry
Post-show discussions in new play development
Event design handbook : systematically design innovative events using the Event Canvas
Aluminium structures in the entertainment industry
Events and festivals research methods and trends
Essays on the demand for information goods
Torilla tavataan = See you at the Square
Special occasion photography
