http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21039 innovation (activity)
innovation (activity)
Crowdsourcing : aggregation and selction mechanisms and the impact of peer contributions on contests
Making sense of innovation management
Why do some country's hi-tech firms innovate better than others? Why did hi-tech firms from the United States outperform such Japanese companies in the 1990s? Through a wealth of empirical evidence, the book compares the development trajectory of manufacturing technology and information technology both between Japanese companies and between companies based in the US, Europe, Australia, India and China. This book shows that institutional systems such as culture, tradition, consumers and local business practices play key roles in how companies develop technology. These factors also influence the very characteristics of the products that the hi-tech firms produce. With a number of case studies the author demonstrates how the most successful and innovative companies recognize these roles and incorporate them into their practices.
Value and approach towards international business in Chengdu, Sichuan, China : EU project innovation centre
Confessions of a compulsive entrepreneur and inventor : how I secured fifteen patents, started ten companies, and became a pioneer on the internet
The skynet of the project world : the road to more profitable development operations
Innovating with information technology in a globalized world : being proactive about culture
Global innovation science handbook
Group creativity : innovation through collaboration
Evaluation Report for Research, Development and Innovation Activities
Pedagogical views on innovation competences and entrepreneurship : innovation pedagogy and other approaches
Integrated and collaborative product development environment : technologies and implementations
Rethinking innovation : global perspectives
Brainstorming and beyond : a user-centered desing method
Design thinking research : studying co-creation in practice
Not invented here : cross-industry innovation
Innovation development to new business in incumbent firms : a case study on the pharmaceutical companies in Finland
Innovation ecosystem perspectives on financial services innovation
In spite of the increasing attention attributed to the rise in prominence of the BRICS (Brazil, Russia, India, China and South Africa) countries, few studies have looked at the ways in which broader social expectations with respect to the role of higher education across the BRICS have changed, or not, in recent years. Our point of departure is that, contrary to the conventional wisdom focusing on functionalistic perspectives, higher education systems are not just designed by governments to fulfill certain functions, but have a tendency for evolving in a rather unpredictable fashion as a result of the complex interplay between a number of internal and external factors. In reality, national higher education systems develop and change according to a complex process that encompasses the expectations of governmental agencies, markets, the aspirations of the population for the benefits of education, the specific institutional traditions and cultures of higher education institutions, and, increasingly so, the interests and strategies of the private firms entering and offering services in the higher education market. This basically means that it is of outmost importance to move away from conceiving of "universities" or "higher education" as single, monolithic actors or sector. One way of doing this is by investigating a selected number of distinct, but nonetheless interrelated factors or drivers, which, taken together, help determine the nature and scope of the social compact between higher education (its core actors and institutions) and society at large (government, industry, local communities, professional associations).
Innovation development opportunities for prepaid payment card programs in Finland
The innovation tools handbook. Volume 1, Organizational and operational tools, methods, and techniques that every innovator must know
The future of innovation is no longer in the hands of the scientist, artist or designer working along. It is a creative, collective, humanist enterprise.
Innovation management and new product development
Managing radical business innovations : a study of internal corporate venturing at Sonera Corporation
Reflections on the advent of a more enterprising culture in Finland : an exploratory study
Innovation and Related Activities in Finnish Companies
Designing an information system for open innovation : bridging the gap between individual and organisational creativity
60 : innovators shaping our creative future
Research, Development and Innovation Activities at Lahti University of Applied Sciences
Innovation Environments of Opposite Natures: Commercialisation of Innovations Through Finnish-Russian Cooperation
Sport Inno Camp 2012 : report
Institutions and the geography of innovation : a regional perspective
Creative steps : on the way to an idea : a model for the realisation of an international workshop
Small firms as innovators : from innovation to sustainable growth
The innovation maze : 4 routes to a successful new business case
Analysis on firm innovation boundaries
Reinventing discovery : the new era of networked science
OSS firms in international business context : opportunities and challenges from culture and piracy
Innovation support in Latin America and Europe
Changing institutions and consumer-driven development of forest products and servicess
Developing technology pushed breakthroughs : defining and assessing success factors in ICT industry
Evaluation of the Finnish national innovation system : policy report
Principles and practice of marketing
Studying innovation is an important question, as business growth and profitability in the knowledge age depends on it. Nature and landscape of industries change, as does the need for studies to capture innovation. This thesis was to study innovation in medium technology of a small and medium-sized enterprise (SME). Innovation is a wide concept and has many dimensions. A brief explanation of this thesis, the paradigm and information of the thesis on the case company are provided. The meaning of innovation was determined by looking at the overall literature on innovation, innovation theories, types, characteristics, importance, barriers, success, pros and cons. The empirical research was designed and the research quality was maintained by employing quantitative and qualitative research methods. The focus was on the development of research questions while covering the whole field of operation. Two questionnaires were prepared, one filled by a section of the employees, the other by a manager. The importance of attention on data quality and in data collection has been emphasised. The data collection models as well as techniques followed in interviews and how data collection was carried out have been outlined. The approaches adapted to analyse the collected empirical data are explained. Data analysis was carried out by quantitative research techniques as graphical analysis and qualitative techniques as well as thematic analysis. The results justified how the empirical research stands in terms of trust, reality, credibility, values and ethics. It provided valuable conclusions about the innovation study by the empirical analysis. Future studies on innovation could possibly be done holistically.^
Service systems implementation
The science of innovation
Many people have great ideas. Without the necessary skills and means most never get to realize them. If they could cooperate with competent firms and entrepreneurs together both could achieve much and this is increasingly happening. Mechanisms are being established making a division of labour between inventors and implementers a reality. This is changing the nature of innovation from an internal R&D, or purely entrepreneurial attempt, to a more cooperative innovation. An Idea Economy emerges, where anyone has the possibility to profit from their ideas, and everyone will benefit from more and better innovation. This book presents us the emergence and structure of the Idea Economy by extending the seminal concepts of Entrepreneurial Society and Open Innovation. Part I describes the big picture on how innovation is evolving, where we are today, and what an Idea Economy will look like. Part II points the way forward, discussing in detail on how cooperation in the innovation process works, and why this is only recently becoming possible.
Innovating in a global crisis : riding the whirlwind of recession
Open innovation : researching a new paradigm
Road trip to innovation : how I came to understand future thinking
Innovation competencies development : INCODE barometer and user guide
!nnovation : how innovators think, act and change our world
The Russian innovation system : an international perspective
Casebook : stories about creative economy
Going global : the challenges for knowledge-based economies
Fast innovation : achieving superior differentiation, speed to market, and increased profitability
NEST : new and emerging science and technology: NEST what's next?
Online communities and open innovation : governance and symbolic value creation
Improving innovation culture in the front end : Case Ruukki Metals Oy
Innovation playbook : a revolution in business excellence
Handbook of service science
" Businesses looking to succeed in the digital, global economy must innovate to survive, and !nnovation highlights the pioneers who have broken the mold and led the pack in every field, from IT to food, fashion to healthcare. Innovation expert, Kim Chandler McDonald underlines the common denominators linking these highly creative people, such as their compulsion to tell their truth, unpalatable or not, their entrepreneurial instincts and their steadfast protection of their brands. This book offers: --understanding of innovation as a mindset rather than a process --insight on how to start thinking like an innovator and into how this can assist them with their own careers and goals --knowledge of how to cultivate innovation in their own team, department or business --personal accounts from international innovators !nnovation showcases interviews with over 100 people who have pushed aside the boundaries in their field, such as: Matt Flannery, CEO/Co-Founder of Kiva, the microfinancing organization working to alleviate poverty; author Seth Godin; Zappos CEO Tony Hsieh; Digital Royalty CEO Amy Jo Martin; and Chief Innovation Officer at the marketing agency MDC Partners, Faris Yakob. Chandler McDonald finds out what drives these successful innovators, what makes innovations take off and why innovation is so critical to individuals, economies and to society as a whole"--
Dynamics of knowledge, corporate systems and innovation
Balancing acts : managing inter-organizational collaboration for innovation
ICT-related intangibles and organizational innovation : indicators for improving
Ninja innovation : the ten killer strategies of the world's most successful businesses
Europe's changing economic geography : the impact of inter-regional networks
Evaluation of the Finnish national innovation system : full report
Leadership in repetitively innovative mature companies
Towards open innovation in regional innovation system : case St. Petersburg
Innovation studies : evolution and future challenges
Consumer innovation in Finland : incidence, diffusion and policy implications
Urban legends, conspiracy theories, and bogus public-health scares circulate effortlessly. Meanwhile, people with important ideas--business people, teachers, politicians, journalists, and others--struggle to make their ideas "stick." Why do some ideas thrive while others die? And how do we improve the chances of worthy ideas? Educators and idea collectors Chip and Dan Heath reveal the anatomy of ideas that stick and explain ways to make ideas stickier, such as applying the "human scale principle," using the "Velcro Theory of Memory," and creating "curiosity gaps." In this fast-paced tour of success stories (and failures), we discover that sticky messages of all kinds--from the infamous "kidney theft ring" hoax to a coach's lessons on sportsmanship to a vision for a new product at Sony--draw their power from the same six traits. This book that will transform the way you communicate ideas.--From publisher description.
Innovation, imitation, growth, and capital market imperfections
Many faces of innovation : from literature synthesis to empirical studies
Network governance and the Finnish strategic centres for science, technology and innovation
Employee-driven innovation : the manager's guide to EDI
Handbook of research on creativity
Success factors of commercial open source software projects
The path from development project to service : evaluation of the innovative actions in Eastern Finland programme : summary
Development and facilitation of innovative pedagogy in the Nordic–Russian context : Project report
Creative confidence : unleashing the creative potential within us all
Serial innovators : firms that change the world
Technology strategy for managers and entrepreneurs
Improving the Front End Practices of Innovation Process
Collective creativity for resbonsible and sustainable business practice
Finland must take a leap towards a new innovations : innovation policy guidelines up to 2015 : summary
Managing open innovation
Evaluation report for research, development and innovation activities
The sketchnote workbook : advanced techniques for taking visual notes you can use anywhere
Startup communities : building an entrerpreneurial ecosystem in your city
Capitalising on culture, competing on difference : innovation, learning and sense of place in a globalising Ireland
Summary. Concluding remarks (s. 417-426).
Improving the front end practices of innovation process
Transformation of higher education in innovation systems in China and Finland
Handbook of research on innovation in tourism industries
Innovations & network : final report 1/2014
Designing for service : key issues and new directions
Measuring broad-based innovation
Open innovation : new product development essentials from the PDMA
Enhancing innovation capability and business opportunities : cases of SME-oriented applied research
The open book of social innovation
New business creation : systems for institutionalized radiacal innovation management
Developing an International Network for Demola's Open Innovation Environment
The innovation handbook
Handbook of cultural and creative industries in China
Innovation leadership in different education systems Case: England and Germany
Tampere region innovation strategy : summary
In Reinventing Discovery, Michael Nielsen argues that we are living at the dawn of the most dramatic change in science in more than 300 years. This change is being driven by powerful new cognitive tools, enabled by the internet, which are greatly accelerating scientific discovery. There are many books about how the internet is changing business or the workplace or government. But this is the first book about something much more fundamental: how the internet is transforming the nature of our collective intelligence and how we understand the world. Reinventing Discovery tells the exciting story of an unprecedented new era of networked science. We learn, for example, how mathematicians in the Polymath Project are spontaneously coming together to collaborate online, tackling and rapidly demolishing previously unsolved problems. We learn how 250,000 amateur astronomers are working together in a project called Galaxy Zoo to understand the large-scale structure of the Universe, and how they are making astonishing discoveries, including an entirely new kind of galaxy. These efforts are just a small part of the larger story told in this book--the story of how scientists are using the internet to dramatically expand our problem-solving ability and increase our combined brainpower. This is a book for anyone who wants to understand how the online world is revolutionizing scientific discovery today--and why the revolution is just beginning.
From intercultural encounters to interprofessional development : osa valtakunnallista YAMK-koulutus vahvaksi TKI-vaikuttajaksi -hanketta = a part of national network project Creating strong R&D profile for master's degree programmes
Cellular-networked industrial enterprises in innovation paradigm
Questions and answers
Making innovation work : how to manage it, measure it, and profit from it
Performance indicators for the front end of innovation
Collaborative learning with users as an enabler of service innovation
Fostering strategic innovation management for SMEs : multiple case studies in China
Sales, marketing and value creation process : Introduction of a new marketing and sales process at Big Ben Gear
Do public R&D subsidies foster innovation? : evidence from Finnish patent data
Turning consumers into partners : creating opportunities for business model innovation in retailing
"Any business looking to succeed in today's and tomorrow's global, digital economy must innovate. Innovation showcases the pioneers who have broken the mould and led the pack in every field from business and technology to food, fashion, culture and healthcare. It highlights the common denominators linking these highly creative people, such as their compunction to tell their truth; their entrepreneurial instincts; and their fierce protection of their 'brands'. Innovation draws on exclusive interviews with nearly 100 people who have pushed aside the boundaries in their field. It presents the inside track on who's done what, how they did it, what drives them on, and why innovation is so critical to individuals, businesses and to society as a whole. Most importantly, it will empower you and your business to be more innovative too"--
Open innovation through strategic alliances : approaches for product, technology, and business model creation
Analysis of innovation process management: comparison of theories and practices
Idea and innovation management - and leadership
What is the actual impact of design thinking? Which tools and techniques could conceivably improve team interaction in design processes? What influences creativity? And how can information be secured? These are just a few of the questions that were addressed by research teams from Stanford University, USA, and the Hasso Plattner Institute for Software Systems Engineering, Potsdam, Germany, within their joint Design Thinking Research Program. Scientists from both institutions have been studying the user-centric innovation method of design thinking for many years now to gain a deep, evidence-based understanding of its underlying principles and functioning. The outcome of their studies, experiments and investigations in the sixth program year are summarized in this volume. Again research covers a diverse range of design thinking domains. The aim, however, is not only to advance design thinking theory and knowledge within the research community. Rather the program strives to ultimately improve design practice and education by gathering scientific evidence that supports design activities. The first part of this book presents tools and techniques for improved team interaction that have been investigated and developed by the research teams. Creativity and creative confidence as central factors in design thinking are the focus of the second part. The book continues with investigations on the actual impact of design thinking and conceivable metrics. The fourth and final part of the book addresses issues of documentation and information transfer in innovation processes. By taking the understanding of innovation to a new level that is relevant to all disciplines, our research provides a significant contribution toward making design thinking a foundational science.
HBR's 10 must reads. On innovation
Arctic potential : could more structured view improve the understanding of arctic business opportunities?
Entrepreneurship education : a a guide for educators
Exploration and exploitation : organization's age and the nature of its innovative behavior
The main task for most development-intensive organisations is to create, develop and commercialise new products and services. The technology push (TP) concept is considered an important competitive advantage for companies trying to create breakthrough products. Because development processes are risky and failure rates are high, especially in the case of technology pushed projects, defined success factors are valuable knowledge for the management of development-intensive firms.The prime objective of this study is to present a compact set of TP project success factors in an information and communication technology (ICT) context. Because the literature on new product development and innovation has presented many success factors for developed products, but has done so in a way that presents the factors as having a nebulous nature, the specification of TP success factors is also presented. The success factors are also empirically validated. The goal of the validation was to determine the relevance of the success factors introduced, and potentially define new ones. The validation was performed through an empirical study with semi-structured company interviews.As a result of this study we concluded that one success factor defined through the literature review should be removed due to a lack of relevance, that the other twelve success factors were validated, and three new success factors were identified during the empirical study. Eventually fifteen TP success factors are defined and presented.The practical relevance of this study is to help firm management to recognise the real actions needed to reduce product development risks. The theoretical relevance is in helping scholars to focus on key issues when studying the key factors of breakthrough development cases.
E-business logistics, visions, innovations and research : Elo - E-Business Logistics technology programme 2002-2005
Open access publishing as an incorporator of research and innovation cycle
Principle concepts of technology and innovation management : critical research models
Collaboration in Discontinuous Innovation in the Construction Industry
Comparison and synthesis of the two European consulting approaches for the front end innovation
Exploring business models in ecosystemic contexts
Creating desired futures : how design thinking innovates business
The lean startup : how today's entrepreneurs use continuous innovation to create radically successful businesses
Creating a model for identification and motivation of innovation champions
New innovation adoption : Case Digi Electronics Ltd
Technical artefacts : an ontological investigation of technology
Made to stick : why some ideas survive and others die
Making open innovation work
Knowledge management : organizing knowledge based enterprises
Added value of intangibles for organizational innovation
The frugal innovator : creating change on a shoestring budget
Optimal technology policy with imitation and risk-averting households
New product development and innovation for growth and profitability of companies : case study of Finnish high tec industries
Research hatchery as a cradle for new innovators : handbook for implementation
The smart specialisation of Southern Kymenlaakso 2020 : a preliminary study report
Innovation study in a case company
The regional innovation system bottom-up : a Finnish perspective
Sport entrepreneurship and innovation
The increasing interest towards the Arctic has been witnessed during the past decades. However, the commonly shared definitions of the Arctic key concepts have not yet penetrated national and international arenas for political and economic decision making. The lack of jointly defined framework has made different analyses related to the Arctic quite limited considering the magnitude of economic potential embedded in Arctic.    This paper is built on the key findings of two separate, yet connected projects carried out in the Oulu region, Finland. In this paper's approach, the Arctic context has been defined as a composition of three overlapping layers. The first layer is the phenomenological approach to define the Arctic region. The second layer is the strategy-level analysis to define different Arctic paths as well as a national level description of a roadmap to Arctic specialization. The third layer is the operationalization of the first two layers to define the Arctic business context and business opportunities.    The studied case from Oulu region indicates that alternative futures for the Arctic competences and business activities are in resemblance with only two of the four identified strategic pathways. Introduction of other pathways to regional level actors as credible and attractive options would require additional, systematic efforts.
Enterprise in action : a guide to entrepreneurship
Patents, product cycles and non-diversifiable risk
Innovation Potential of the Murmansk Region
Innovation Through Cooperation : The Emergence of an Idea Economy
Impact of disruptions on collaborative business models and interorganizational networks in supply management : longitudinal contextual analysis of the business networks of two focal companies
Innovativeness and innovations utilizations : Oy LM Ericsson Ab
Digital Innovation Playbook : creating a transformative customer experience
Smart specialisation in the Helsinki-Uusimaa region : research and Innovation Strategy for Regional Development 2014–2020
Creative steps 2.0 : step by step guidelines to business idea
The future of service business innovation
Customer innovation : customer-centric strategy for enduring growth
Natural cosmetics as an innovation : Nivea's Pure&Natural products as an example
The innovation illusion : how so little is created by so many working so hard
Look at more : a proven approach to innovation, growth and change
Handbook of organizational and managerial innovation
The innovation handbook: how to profit from your ideas, intellectual property and market knowledge
The use of future-oriented knowledge in regional innovation processes : research on knowledge generation, transfer and conversion
Design thinking research : taking breakthrough innovation home
Public goods, public gains : calculating the social benefits of public R&D
Innovations as communication processes : a legal architecture for governing ideas in business
Digital innovation : innovation processes in virtual clusters and digital regions
Innovation competencies at Turku University of Applied Sciences : observations and discussions
New economic perspectives  of innovation market
Constructing customer understanding in front end of innovation
The triple helix : university-industry-government innovation in action
The innovation imperative : architectures of vitality
User-Innovation : barriers to democratization and IP licensing
Demonstrates how knowledge management can be used to enhance business processes. It focuses on the need to develop collaborative knowledge networks, which are increasingly global in nature and which support people with the technology needed to work across distance to foster the innovation needed to remain competitive in global environments.
Trust-embedded open innovation : towards a human-centric approach in the financial industry
Collaborative communities of firms : purpose, process, and design
Inspired innovations : a guide to highly efficient new product development
Creative people must be stopped : 6 ways we kill innovation (without even trying)
Managing innovation in Japan : the role institutions play in helping or hindering how companies develop technology
The purpose of this study is to describe the process of developing innovation pedagogy and defining innovation competencies developed at Turku University of Applied Sciences (TUAS). The aim is also to present the concept of Innovation pedagogy, which is a new learning approach developed at TUAS. The concept of innovation pedagogy was first introduced in autumn 2008. Innovation pedagogy is a learning approach, which aims to meet the needs of working life better than before. The desired outcome of this approach is that students have certain competencies when they step into the working life. Innovation competencies developed at TUAS are individual, communal and network scale innovation competencies. The development process of innovation pedagogy started by forming a working group whose priority was to take this approach forward and to define innovation competencies, which could form the basis for TUAS pedagogical strategy. This working group consisted of members from different faculties and degree programs of TUAS. The process of developing innovation pedagogy included number of different seminars, events and working groups meetings and all of these are described in this study. One special aim was to test and present the concept of innovation pedagogy by releasing papers concerning the subject and participating in international conferences with those papers. In this study we take a closer look at two of the conference papers, one from International Conference of Education, Research and Innovation in Madrid, Spain and other one from Innovations for Competence Management held in Lahti, Finland. This study also discusses the subject of innovation pedagogy and innovation competencies from the student's point of view. It states that, even though innovation pedagogy working group has had its last meeting the development process continues and now the challenge is to get students involved. This study examines ways how innovation pedagogy is implemented in everyday education at TUAS and how it could be developed in the future.
Innorisk : the fountain of new business creation
Combi2011 : conference proceedings
Higher education in the BRICS countries : investigating the pact between higher education and society
Design thinking research : making design thinking foundational
Common innovation : how we create the wealth of nations
Show me your brain! : stories of interdisciplinary knowledge creation in practice : experiences and observations from Aalto Design Factory, Finland
The cookbook for successful internal startups
Forest value chain optimization and sustainability
Social media in business-to-business companies' innovation
Innovation, learning, and communities
Clients’ role in construction innovation management process
Electronic money trends : user's perspective
Internal Service Analysis : The trainer’s internal activities in the service delivery
The tourism sector - already one of the fastest growing industries in the world - is currently undergoing extensive change thanks to strong market growth and a transition to more experience-based products. The capacity for firms to innovate and adapt to market developments is crucial to their success, but research-based knowledge on innovation strategies in tourism remains scarce. This pioneering Handbook offers timely, original research on innovation within the tourism industry from a number of interdisciplinary and global perspectives. The expert contributors adapt theories and models drawn from the mainstream innovation literature and supplement them with analytical strategies specific to the tourism industry. Major themes include forms and sources of innovation in tourism, innovation processes at both firm and destination levels, and the ways in which innovation is defined and measured. Individual chapters cover specific issues such as gendering processes, user-based innovation, enhanced experience value, causation and effectuation strategies, and alternative business models. Students, professors and researchers of innovation, entrepreneurship, and tourism studies will find this book an invaluable resource.
The future of innovation : the XX ISPIM Conference, Vienna, Austria 21-24 June 2009 : book of abstracts
Research, development and innovation activities at Kymenlaakso University of Applied Sciences : introducing the main projects conducted between the years 2010-2014
TRIZ for Engineers : enabling inventive problem solving
Frontiers of open innovation
Ten steps to innovation heaven : how to create future growth and competitive strength
Arctic Potential : Could More Structured View Improve the Understanding of Arctic Business Opportunities?
Optimizing Innovation Management: A Customer Integration Perspective : How should Lead Customers be Integrated in Product Development to Optimize Innovation Management
