http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21030 witness protection
witness protection
The family
The racketeer
Edge
The ideal man
Victims : support and assistance
Procedural protective measures for witnesses : training manual for law-enforcement agencies and the judiciary
Fifty mice
Those who wish me dead
The witness
Fire with fire
The Racketeer
Beat the reaper : a novel
Terrorism : protection of witnesses and collaborators of justice
Nothing But The Truth
European right to confrontation in criminal proceedings : absent, anonymous and vulnerable witnesses
Freedom's child
Supranational criminal prosecution of sexual violence : the ICC and the practice of the ICTY and the ICTR
By any other name
Combating organised crime : best practice surveys of the Council of Europe
The blue zone
Intimidation of witnesses and the rights of the defence : recommendation no. R(97) 13, adopted by the Committee of Ministers of the Council of Europe on 10 September 1997, and explanatory memorandum
When I was Joe
The Blue Zone
Guarding Hanna : a novel
A heart-stopping debut thriller about a woman named Freedom, who will stop at nothing to save the daughter she only knew for two minutes and seventeen seconds. Call me what you will: a murderer, a cop killer, a fugitive, a drunk. There's a lot people don't know about Freedom Oliver. They know she works at the local bar. They know she likes a drink or two. What they don't know is that Freedom is not her real name. That she has spent the last eighteen years living under Witness Protection, after being arrested for her husband's murder. They don't know that she put her two children up for adoption, a decision that haunts her every day. Then Freedom's daughter goes missing, and everything changes. Determined to find her, Freedom slips her handlers and heads to Kentucky where her kids were raised. No longer protected by the government, she is tracked by her husband's sadistic family, who are thirsty for revenge. But as she gets closer to the truth, Freedom faces an even more dangerous threat. She just doesn't know it yet.
Protection schemes for victims of trafficking in selected EU member countries, candidate and third countries
