http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21041 in vitro method
in vitro method
Analyses of kidney organogenesis through in vitro and in vivo approaches : generation of conditional Wnt4 mouse models and a method for applying inducible Cre-recombination for kidney organ culture
Reactive metabolites are believed to be responsible for rare but serious idiosyncratic adverse drug reactions (IADRs) that have led to the withdrawal of numerous drugs from the market. This has resulted in major harm to patients, economic losses for the pharmaceutical companies and represents a serious problem in drug development. Reactive metabolites can be studied by trapping them with suitable nucleophiles, most commonly with glutathione. The glutathione conjugates formed in these reactions can be analyzed with liquid chromatography mass spectrometry (LC/MS) techniques. In this study, new in vitro methods for the detection and analysis of reactive metabolites were developed. The suitability for reactive metabolite screening of different enzyme sources commonly used in vitro were compared. It was found that sub-cellular fractions yielded significantly larger amounts of glutathione-trapped reactive metabolites as compared to the amounts obtained from intact hepatocytes. Additionally, different metabolites were detected in some cases. Biomimetic metalloporphyrin catalysts were tested for their ability to produce larger amounts of glutathione-trapped metabolites relative to liver S9 fraction incubations. An increase in reactive metabolite production was observed with biomimetic models, but not all of the metabolites produced by liver S9 were observed. The glutathione conjugates of pulegone and of its metabolite menthofuran were analyzed with LC/MS/MS, and the fragmentation spectra of N- and S-/N- di-linked glutathione conjugate were interpreted in detail for the first time. These results will enable more efficient screening of reactive metabolites of furan-containing compounds. Acyl glucuronides are metabolites produced from carboxylic acid-containing compounds and can be reactive. A good correlation was found between the acyl migration half-life and the tendency of adrug to cause IADRs. The carboxylic moiety can also be metabolized to yield acyl coenzyme A (CoA) conjugates that may be more reactive than their corresponding acyl glucuronides. The formation of CoA conjugates and additional conjugates formed from them was found to be more likely with drugs that cause IADRs.
Proceedings of the IVth international symposium on acclimatization and establishment of micropropagated plants
Identifying and characterizing new ingredients in vitro for prebiotic and synbiotic use
Rapid propagation of fast-growing woody species
Liquid chromatography-mass spectrometry in drug metabolism studies
Non-labelled surface sensitive techniques as platforms for pharmaceutical nanotechnology research
Plant protoplasts and genetic engineering. 2
Improvement of orthopaedic bone screws by DLC coatings : in vitro methods for testing of screw fixation
Oocyte biology in fertility preservation
Proceedings of the VIIth International Symposium on In Vitro Culture and Horticultural Breeding : Ghent, Belgium, September 18-22, 2011
In vitro bioassays in bioactivity and residue assessments
Role of actin-mediated motility of peripheral astrocytic processes in synaptic function
Somatic embryogenesis
Maintenance of male sterile germplasm in Brassica rapa in vitro propagation
Probiotic activity of Lactobacillus delbrueckii subsp. bulgaricus in the oral cavity : an in vitro study
Outcome of singleton pregnancy after assisted reproductive treatment
The pathway from infertility to motherhood through assisted reproductive technology (ART)
Abstract: Reproduction statistics 2000.
Abstract (s. 7-8).
In vitro methods in the study of reactive drug metabolites with liquid chromatography / mass spectrometry
Protocols for in vitro propagation of ornamental plants
In vitro propagation of cloudberry (Rubus chamaemorus)
Proceedings of the Fourth International Symposium on In Vitro Culture and Horticultural Breeding : Tampere, Finland 2-7 July, 2000
Unexplained infertility : studies on aetiology, treatment options and obstetric outcome
Lisääntymistilastot 2000 = Reproduktionsstatistik 2000 = Reproduction statistics 2000
The use of assisted fertilization in Finland : health effects and equity
Potency testing of veterinary vaccines for animals : the way from in vivo to in vitro : Langen, Germany, 01-03 December 2010
Various mass spectrometric methods for the screening and identification of metabolites of toxic and incapacitating chemicals
Wireless and inductively powered implant for measuring electrocardiogram
Cosmetology - theory and practice : research, test methods, analysis, formulas. I
Wallac Oy, part of Perkin Elmer company, is a developer and manufacturer of in vitro diagnostic products. The main market area for these products is the United States of America (USA). The marketing of these products is regulated by the legislation and the responsible regulatory authority is the Food and Drug Administration (FDA). The purpose of this Master's Thesis project was to develop an impact analysis process for change management concerning the products and processes under the regulations of the FDA with a special emphasis on products requiring a Premarket Approval (PMA). These products are those that support or sustain human life, are of substantial importance in preventing impairment of human health, or which present a potential, unreasonable risk of illness or injury. The first step in the process was to become familiar with the regulations and guidelines related to the change management. The next step was to transfer the knowledge into practice.As it was noticed in the gap analysis between the current company practices and the regulations, the change management process itself has been sufficiently defined. However, the regulatory requirements in the Standard Operating Procedures (SOP) were only briefly discussed. Therefore a new process with more detailed instructions was needed. As the impact analysis of the changes is usually complicated, it was noticed that there was a need for a review board whose main task would be to assess the effects of the changes. The board was formed and it contained members from several departments. The main issues that need to be evaluated when assessing the effects of the changes were the effects on the safety and effectiveness of the product. Another important issue is the effects on the indication for use. The types of changes were categorized into four different types. These were labeling changes, design or performance changes, manufacturing changes and material changes.Based on this information five different flowcharts were developed with simple yes/ no answers. The output of the project with flowcharts will be implemented into practice by Wallac Oy and it is also their responsibility to update the flowcharts as new information arises.
In vitro methods in the study of reactive drug metabolites with liquid chromatography/mass spectrometry
Maillard reaction products in protein and carbohydrate digestion and uptake : studies of interactions in vitro and in vivo
Ectomycorrhizal fungi and exogenous growth regulators in vegetative propagation of Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris L.)
Ultrasound stimulation of bone and cartilage : interactions in common in vitro and tissue engineering configurations
Evaluation of strawberry (Fragaria x ananassa Duch.) cultivar's salt stress tolerance on the basis of S1 seeds in vitro germination
Development of human cell based in vitro vascular and cardiovascular models
Asymmetric potato cybrids derived from protoplast fusion between the selection ND860-2 and the cultivar Russet Burbank
Metabolism and interactions of pesticides in human and animal in vitro hepatic models
Male infertility : studies on diagnostic methods and treatment options
Development of an impact analysis process for change management
Novel materials for controlled peptide delivery : mesoporous silicon and photocrosslinked poly(ester anhydride)s
Tracking and identifying wastewater toxicants and assessing their biodegradation products
Bacterial biofilms
Assessment of in-house natural product and synthetic compound libraries based on in vitro inhibition of cholinesterases
Polyphenolic and essential oil composition of Mentha and their antimicrobial effect
Intrauterine insemination (IUI) treatment in subfertility
Probiotic lactobacilli and bifidobacteria in the mouth : in vitro studies on saliva-mediated functions and acid production
Proceedings of the Fifth International Symposium on In Vitro Culture and Horticultural Breeding : Debrecen, Hungary, September 12-17, 2004
Alkaloids of in vitro cultures of Rhazya stricta
Oocyte donation in the treatment of infertility
Evaluation of in vitro methods used to study interactions of ophthalmic drugs and pharmaceutical excipients with lipid bilayers and cellular membranes
Designing an assay to monitor cell invasion in a high-throughput chemical screen
Bioinspired matrices for in vitro hepatic differentiation
Prevalence and socio-demographic determinants of infertility, success of infertility treatments and health of treated women
Liquid chromatography–mass spectrometry in drug metabolism studies
In vitro - in vivo extrapolation of drug glucuronidation kinetic parameters : pitfalls and promises
Electrochemical and enzymatic In Vitro studies on reactive drug metabolites : synthesis, characterization and avoidance
