http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21066 aid policy
aid policy
European regional incentives : 1995-96 : directory and review of regional grants and other aid available for industrial and business expansion and relocation in the member states of the European Community and Sweden
Promoting children's welfare in the Nordic countries
Implications of export subsidy removal for the Finnish and EU dairy sectors
Agricultural policies in OECD countries. Monitoring and evaluation
Cost-benefit analysis of multifunctional agriculture in Finland
Agricultural policies in OECD countries : monitoring and evaluation 2005.
Role of fertilizer pricing policies and subsidies in agricultural development
The economics of subsidising agriculture : a study of British policy
Political effectiveness of agricultural policies : an empirical analysis
The effect of government subsidies on private R&D : evidence from georgraphic variation in support program funding
The political economy of agricultural price distortions
International antitrust law & policy
Possibilities of establishing an economic base in underdeveloped regions
Economic impacts of the enlargement of the European Union : analysing the importance of direct payments
International dynamics of national sugar policies
Parents between work and care : effects of the new cash benefit scheme
Regional subsidies on labour and capital under wage bargaining
European state aid law and policy
Problems of competitiveness and efficiency in Hungary on large-scale farms in resource poor areas
The environmental impact of economic incentives for agricultural production : a comparative law study
Leisure and farmers' welfare in changing conditions
Assessment of policy measures to support Russia's real economy
The agri-environmental aid of the EU and its application in Finland
On accession to the EU, Poland, one of the most agricultural countries in Europe, became eligible for the Common Agricultural Policy (CAP), which it perceived as a chance to develop its rural economy. However, in constructing its Rural Development Programme 2007−2013, Poland directed the largest funding share to Less Favoured Areas (LFA) − a controversial measure, which has been accused of poor targeting and ineffectiveness. We analyse the economic consequences of LFA support for all 16 Polish regions according to Nomenclature of Territorial Units for Statistics (NUTS2), using a multi-regional computable general equilibrium model with LFA detail.
New measures for financing the arts and culture : a survey of European experiences and innovatory initiatives adopted in the 1980's
European economy. Reports and studies. 1999, 3, State aid and the single market
Agricultural policies in non-OECD countries. Monitoring and evaluation
Skolt Sami cooperation : forms of reciprocity in work situations the Sevettijärvi reindeer herding community at the beginning of the 21st century and actions of state administration
Agriculture and forestry in Sweden since 1900 : geographical and historical studies
Housing finance for all : learning from the Finnish model
Renewable energy and climate policies : studies in the forest and energy sector
A critical evaluation of industry SME support policies in the United Kingdom and the Republic of Ireland. Stage two report, An in-depth Delphi study of selected SME support policies and their evaluation
Optimal beef cattle management under agricultural policy reforms in Finland
Farming and rural settlement in highlands and high-latitude zones : proceedings of a symposium of the IGU Study Group on Development in Highlands and High-latitude Zones held in Granada, Spain, 25-30 August, 1986
Non-distorting farm support to enhance global food production
Reforming agricultural policies : quantitative restrictions on production : direct income support
Agriculture : the triumph and the shame
Capacity mechanisms in the EU energy market : law, policy, and economics
Foyer : a holistic approach to supported housing of young people : a case study
Focus and functions of public support for artists in Finland
Measurement of support and agricultural policy reform
The rise of the agricultural welfare state : institutions and interest group power in the United States, France, and Japan
Taiteenalakohtainen taiteilijatuki = Art-form -specific support for artists
Agricultural policy uncertainty and anticipatory farm level adjustment : the case of direct payments and incentives for farmland investment
National policies and agricultural trade : country study : Norway
International trade, consumer interests and reform of the common agricultural policy
Evaluation of the Finnish innovation support system
Analysis of aquaculture development in Southeast Asia : a policy perspective
Evaluation of the impacts of national aids in southern Finland : application and impacts of measures under Commission Decision C(2008)696 in Finland
Wooded meadows of Estonia : conservation efforts for a traditional habitat
Agricultural policies in Europe and the USA : farmers between subsidies and the market
Business subsidies in Finland : the dynamics of application and acceptance stages
Profile of tax subsidies and investment behavior in six major polluting industries
Regional labour and capital subsidies : theory and evidence of the impact on employment under wage bargaining
Finnish agriculture and rural industries 2005 : ten years in the European Union
Despite the prevalence of government research and development (R&D) support programs, evaluation studies based on explicit differences in support allocation are rare. In this article the identification of the causal effect of government support on private R&D effort is based on regional differences in eligibility for European Union Regional Development Funds (ERDF) determined by the population-density rule. Our data is constructed by linking a broad R&D survey to administrative data on all R&D support applications in Finland over the years 2000-2006. We find evidence that the support program has induced additional private R&D among the participants who entered it as a result of higher funding in their region. Among this group one subsidy euro induced additional R&D worth at least 1.5 euro.
"Despite numerous policy reforms since the 1980s, farm product prices remain heavily distorted in both high-income and developing countries. This book seeks to improve our understanding of why societies adopted these policies, and why some but not other countries have undertaken reforms. Drawing on recent developments in political economy theories and in the generation of empirical measures of the extent of price distortions, the present volume provides both analytical narratives of the historical origins of agricultural protectionism in various parts of the world and a set of political econometric analyses aimed at explaining the patterns of distortions that have emerged over the past five decades. These new studies shed much light on the forces affecting incentives and those facing farmers in the course of national and global economic and political development. They also show how those distortions might change in the future - or be changed by concerted actions to offset pressures from vested interests"--Provided by publisher.
Finland's family policy
Housing policy of the Philippines : responsiviness to the housing needs of low-income groups
Articulating and mainstreaming agricultural trade policy and support measures
An evaluation of the effects of national aids for Southern Finland
Summary.
Finnish agriculture and rural industries 2008
Business subsidies in Finland: the dynamiscs of application and acceptance stages
A critical evaluation of industry SME support policies in the United Kingdom and the Republic of Ireland. Stage one report, Introduction to SME support policies and their evaluation
Performance of alternative policies in addressing environmental dimensions of multifunctionality
Encouragement and discouragement : essays on taxation and government expenditure
Saving fish and fisheries : toward sustainable and equitable governance of the global fishing sector
Finnish agriculture and rural industries 1998
Unemployment down to 200000
Comparative study in agricultural externalities from empirical point of view : experts perspectives, assessment levels, and policy impacts
Finnish family policy
Do business subsidies facilitate employment growth?
Critical perspectives on user involvement
Towards a better functioning labour market : senior government advisors' report for the reform of the labour market policy system
Communicating EU research & innovation : a guide for project participants
Policy harmonized approach for the EU agricultural sector modelling
This unique volume is an outstanding tribute to Al Kahn one of the most influential researchers on children welfare in the 20th century and an impressive collection of 23 chapters written by leading researchers in the field. The book provides an exceptional opportunity to experience the history of the last 50 years of child welfare as well as its current status and future. The book chapters take us through the movement, from a deficit-oriented policy to a developmental model, from a targeted and selective strategy to a universal approach, from child welfare to child well being. Chapters contributed by world renowned experts from 6 countries and 4 continents, are organized in 5 clusters. The first one, which includes Al Kahn last written contribution to the field, looks at how children and families have changed over time as did the research on their well being. The next cluster of chapters focuses specifically on the traditional child welfare system. Following are several chapters on different theoretical perspectives in children welfare and well being. The fourth cluster of chapters focus on economic support for child and family well-being. Finally, the last cluster of chapters advance the agenda moving toward discussion of child well being. This book is a must for anyone interested in children welfare and well being in research, practice, advocacy and policy making arenas.
Distribution of CAP : price support
Assessment of the public debate in Finland on the reform of the CAP after 2013
Finnish agriculture and rural industries 2009
The economic adjustment programme for Greece : second review -autumn 2010
The Role of business subsidies : in job creation of start-ups, gazelles and incumbents
Family support : direction from diversity
Essays on innovation policy, technology, and skills
The compensatory effect of environmental subsidies for agri-environmental output constraints was evaluated through a comparative analysis observing the 'pure' efficiency, as a benchmark for prevailing production conditions, and the 'compensated' efficiency, as a proxy indicator of the compensation. An unbalanced data panel covering 3578 Swedish dairy farms in the period 2002-2012 was used. The analysis showed that in the study period, environmental farm support decreased the differences in farm revenue generated by agri-environmental output constraints in Sweden. However, the environmental support distribution did not succeed in meeting regional needs, so difficulties in farmers' ability to generate output in southern and central forest and valley areas of Sweden were visible. Furthermore, the environmental agricultural support had only a partial subsidisation effect on 'green' farm management practices, with full compensation being achieved for organic and capital-extensive farming, whereas low livestock density farming was not sufficiently compensated. This analysis reveals incentives with policy implications for farm economic performance and provides direct input to future policy recommendations for environmental support allocation.
Agricultural policies in emerging economies 2009 : monitoring and evaluation
Impacts of agri-environmental policies on land allocation and land prices
Gender equality in global value chains and the role of Aid for Trade in promoting gender equality and women’s employment in developing countries
Food and agriculture policy decisions : trends, emerging issues and policy alignments since the 2007/08 food security crisis
Pure and compensated efficiency of Swedish dairy farms
From child welfare to child well-being : an international perspective on knowledge in the service of policy making
The consequences of Less Favoured Area support : a multi-regional CGE analysis for Poland
Regional labour and capital subsidies
Evaluating music policy : applying ethnomusical frame of reference to the study of a "political system directing the production of music"
Policy harmonized (PH) approach allows for the quantitative assessment of the impact of various elements of EU CAP direct support schemes, where the production effects of direct payments are accounted through reaction prices formed by producer price and policy price add-ons. Using the AGMEMOD model the impacts of two possible EU agricultural policy scenarios upon beef production have been analysed - full decoupling with a switch from historical to regional Single Payment scheme or alternatively with re-distribution of country direct payment envelopes via introduction of EU-wide flat area payment. The PH approach, by systematizing and harmonizing the management and use of policy data, ensures that projected differential policy impacts arising from changes in common EU policies reflect the likely actual differential impact as opposed to differences in how “common” policies are implemented within analytical models. In the second section of the paper the AGMEMOD model's structure is explained. The policy harmonized evaluation method is presented in the third section. Results from an application of the PH approach are presented and discussed in the paper's penultimate section, while section 5 concludes.
Abstract (1 s.).
This paper presents the results of an analytical project on the methodology for assessing and monitoring anti-crisis measures taken by the government of the RF. The paper is based on an analysis of about 100 measures in support of Russia.s real economy that were initiated in October 2008 . March 2009. Within the scope of this analysis, we singled out the main beneficiaries by industry and the size of enterprise, and estimated the effects of the measures underway in the crisis phase and in the phase of a return to economic growth. The paper also gives an account of the major risks the Russian government will face in putting into practice the measures supporting the real economy, and reveals the key problems and inconsistencies of the anti-crisis program. Key words: Russia, anti-crisis measures, economic policy, state subsidies, fiscal policy..
Agriculture and world trade liberalisation : socio-environmental perspectives on the common agricultural policy
Finnish agriculture and rural industries 1999/2000
Production and foreign trade of some industrial crops
Hypocrisy trap : the World Bank and the poverty of reform
The government's role and agricultural policy in the agriculture of northern Finland
Decoupling in EU and US' agricultural policy reforms
Policy design for multifunctional agriculture
Impacts of state aid rules on the voluntary tasks of municipalities in support of local livelihood
