http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p210 latin dances
latin dances
Zump4 the heat. Just dance
Latein collection
Latin American Cha Cha Cha
Jive collection
Ballroom dancing : a comprehensive guide for dancers of all levels
Latin-American at its best : samba
The ultimate... latin album : original music for latin dancing. 3.
The ultimate ballroom album 6 : original music for dancing & listening. 6, "Hello young lovers"
Technique of latin dancing : Supplement - technique for the British Dance Council's appendix 1 (Latin) figures
Super Latin. Vol. 2, 21 original Latin hits
Worlds's favorite Latin American songs and dances
The Ultimate... ballroom album : original music for dancing and listening. 13, "All or nothing at all"
The Latin mix. 5.
The ultimate... latin album : original music for latin dancing. [1]
Latin-American at its best : paso doble
World Dancesport Federation: paso doble
Latin nights : 44 tropical hits for Latin dancing
Fire in the blood : giants of Latin
Nu Yorica roots! : The rise of Latin music in New York City in the 1960s
Latin American Paso Doble
25 top rumbas
The Ultimate... ballroom album : original music for dancing and listening. 14, "L'Italiano"
Shall we dance? : music from the motion picture
World masters voice. 2, Standard and latin dances
Musical notations for dance teachers
World's favorite Latin American songs and dances
The joy of dancing : ballroom, Latin and rock/jive for absolute beginners of all ages
Giants of Latin : the Walter Laird Rhythms
World Dancesport Federation: jive
Latin American Rumba
Rumba : dance and social change in contemporary Cuba : Yvonne Daniel
The Forties
The rough guide to salsa dance
Latin american rhythms
Let's dance the cha cha cha
Ballroom dancing : the romance, rhythm and style
Tango argentino : the technique
House of latin : original music for latin dancing
A century of dance
The world of lateinamerikanische tänze
Technique of latin dancing
Power fitness : music for personal zumba-training : latin grooves & beats for fitness and workout
Latin boogalú : original hits for latin dancing. Vol. 21.
Zump4 the heat. Hips don't lie
Latin American dancing
Zump4 the heat. She wolf
C.f.d.10 : Films and shows
Let?s dance : practical handbook
Jump and jive : original hits
Latin dance workout for beginners and beyond
Groovy sounds
Dance class : how to waltz, quick step, foxtrot, tango, samba, salsa, merengue, lambada, and line dance - step by step
The Ultimate... ballroom album : original music for dancing and listening. 15, "Reaching for the moon"
The Mambo kings : music from and inspired by the motion picture
Vivo latino : best of latin music
Zump4 the heat. Rock that body
Zump4 the heat. Gangnam style
Why is this country dancing? : a one-man samba to the beat of Brazil
Latin boss : the centenary collection
Dance class : how to waltz, quick step, foxtrot, tango samba, salsa, merengue, lambada, and line dance-step-by-step!
Popular variations in Latin-American dancing
World Dancesport Federation: cha cha cha
Rumba collection
The use of other dance techniques by Latin-American dancers
Step-by-step dance class : dance yourself fit with the beginner's guide to all the dances from the show
It's time for cha-cha : original hits
Latin devotion : ...from the Latin soul
Latin American Samba
Tv-werbemelodien : Music of tv commercials
The ultimate... latin album : original music for latin dancing. 15, "The shadow of your smile"
Gold Star ballroom : Cha, cha, cha
The revised technique of Latin-American dancing
Dancebeat : Latin sensation
Where did you learn to dance
The Ultimate... ballroom album : original music for dancing and listening. 11, "Two of a kind"
Luna do Brazil : the best of latin music
That man
Latin American Jive
Tiki Tiki : the best of Latin music : original hits for Latin dancing. Martino & Michelle
Zump4 the heat. Dance again
Gold Star Ballroom : Paso doble
Dancelife's Best : Sounds of the nineties
Zump4 the heat. Let's get loud
Latin classics. Vol. 1.
The latin mix. 8.
Latin : thinking, sensing and doing in Latin American dancing
A technique of advanced Latin-American figures
The Latin mix. 4, Bryan Watson & Carmen
Tangos, milongas and other Latin-American Dances for Solo Piano
Home piano library. Volume four, Latin American songs
Need to know? : Latin dancing
World Dancesport Federation: samba
Zump4 the heat. Give me everything
Latin-American at its best : rumba
The conga drummer's guidebook : Intermediate/advanced
That's danceable. Vol. 2, Latin
The A - Z of scrutineering for ballroom dancing
Cha cha collection
The latin mix. 4.
Let's dance! : learn to swing, jitterbug, rumba, tango, line dance, lambada, cha-cha, waltz, two-step, foxtrot and salsa with style, grace and ease
Latin dance : workout for beginners and beyond
Gold Star Ballroom : Samba
The ballroom dance pack
Exploring dance forms and styles : a guide to concert, world, social, and historical dance
30 top cha cha chas
The latin mix
Brazil : the best of Latin music : original hits for Latin dancing : Karina, Dimitri
World Dancesport Federation: rumba
Straight Up!
The ultimate... latin album : original music for latin dancing. 10, Hip hip chin chin
Zump4 the heat. Get it started
The world of ballroom dance
Fiesta for two : songs for latin lovers : original hits for latin dancing : Tonja & Ralf
Tango : a solo across South America
