http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21034 time
time
Spooky action at a distance : the phenomenon that reimagines space and time and what it means for black holes, the big bang and theories of everything
The time keeper
What is the time? (ladybird)
Time and sacramentality in Gregory of Nyssa's Contra Eunomium
Minkowskian space-time theory
The scientific secrets of Doctor Who
Cultures and time
THE IMPORTANCE OF POSITIVE FAMILY ENVIRONMENTS, HOBBIES, FRIENDSHIPS AND LEISURE TIME ON THE SOCIAL, EMOTIONAL AND PHYSICAL DEVELOPMENT OF FIFTH GRADE PUPILS
Rethinking free time : a study on boundaries, disorders and symbolic goods
Japanese spirit of space, ma in daily life and behind the creation of japanese textile design
Time and the novel
Reduction of lead time of screens and feeders
Time and the field
Sport, recreation and tourism event management : theoretical and practical dimensions
Improved significance testing of wavelet power spectrum near data boundaries as applied to polar research
The social psychology of time : new perspectives
Time for revolution
Time, capitalism and alienation : a socio-historical inquiry into the making of modern time
The arrow of time : a voyage through sciences to solve time's greatest mystery
Estimation of time : an experimental study : inaugural dissertation for the degree of Docktor of Philosophy ..
Can we travel through time? : the 20 big questions of physics
Integrating scale in remote sensing and GIS
Growing older : tourism and leisure behaviour of older adults
The tensed theory of time
The bad-tempered ladybird
Free time : challenge to later maturity
Ages in chaos. Volume 1, From the Exodus to king Akhnaton
Research methods for leisure and tourism : a practical guide
Leaving Berlin : a novel
What a wonderful world : one man's attempt to explain the big stuff
Space in Hellenistic philosophy : critical studies in ancient physics
Providing a critical introduction to the leading positions in leisure theory, Betsy Wearing guides the reader through their strengths and weaknesses from a feminist perspective. This book draws attention to the various leisure experiences that women encounter and construct in their everyday lives and the meanings that these experiences have for them. Her perspective takes into account such poststructuralist ideas as multiple subjectivities of women and multiple femininities; the possibilities of resistance to male dominance in leisure; the potential through leisure of rewriting masculine and feminine scripts; and leisure as a site of struggle to challenge hegemonic masculinity.
A slant of light : a novel
Clockwork angel
The prospects for leisure : the next five years - and beyond
It's about time : the concept of time in archaeology
It is impossible not to discuss the question of time, at least for the philosophy of religion. However, to discuss the question of time is equally impossible, as the various perspectives presented in this volume show. Then what is time? Time is not, and yet everything is within time. Time is , but neither substance nor pure form. Being a dimension of all Being, not even God could or would withdraw from time. The authors of the contributions to this volume discuss the unavoidability of time and its paradoxes, not the least with the purpose of giving time , as a recurring topic for the philosophy of religion. Contributors: Joseph Ballan, Jonna Bornemark, Øystein Brekke, Rebecca Comay, Iben Damgaard, Arne Grøn, Jan-Olav Henriksen, Marius Timmann Mjaaland, Carsten Pallesen, Ulrik Houlind Rasmussen, Werner Stegmaier, Philipp Stoellger, Claudia Welz.
Wicksellian theory of forest rotation under interest rate variability
Ethnomethodology at play
Exhibitor satisfaction research : case: Free Time -exhibition
Orlando : a biography
Home range and movements of the Saimaa ringed seal (Phoca hispida saimensis Nordq.)
Time, space and knowledge : a new vision of reality
Females as cult functionaries or ritual specialists in the Germanic Iron Age?
Feel the Finnish winter : free time activities for the Erasmus IP students
The logic of time : a model-theoretic investigation into the varieties of temporal ontology and temporal discourse
Leisure, time and space : meanings and values in people's lives
New significance test methods for Fourier analysis of geophysical  time series
The league of extraordinary gentlemen. Vol. II
Life on the preservation
Map of days
Book of souls
Space-like time : consequences of, alternatives to, and arguments regarding the theory that time is like space
On the political, economic and cultural control of time
The fast forward MBA in project management
An essay on space and time
Chambers adult learners' guide to numeracy: improve your number skills
Use of time in Finland 1979
The lost time accidents
Philosophical investigations on space, time and the continuum
Making time : why time seems to pass at different speeds and how to control it
Three spirals of power/knowledge : scientific laboratories, environmental panopticons and emerging biopolitics
Pictorial Victorians : the inscription of values in word and image
The diabolical Miss Hyde
How Leisure Air Transportation Services Can Be Developed in Kainuu Region
Capital times : tales from the conquest of time
In the company of thieves
Second home tourism in Finland : perceptions of citizens and municipalities on the state and development of second home tourism
An analysis of the recreational use of the canals in Birmingham
Leisure for leisure : critical essays
Early modern Europe, 1450-1789
The sociology of leisure
The dead witness : a connoisseur's collection of Victorian detective stories
Collection of 26 tales of high adventure through Victorian and Edwardian eras
Abstract:.
Finnish botanists actively studied the flora of Karelia (Karelian Republic) and the Kola Peninsula (Murmansk Region) when Finland was a Grand Duchy of Russia in 1809-1918. J. Fellman's expeditions in 1829 were the first notable botanical expeditions to the area. Geologically and floristically the area was similar to Finland, and exploring the area was considered to be a national duty for Finnish biologists. Almost 40 Finnish scientists who travelled on the Kola Peninsula collected significant amounts of herbarium specimens from there. The specimens are mostly in H, but duplicates were distributed widely. The collectors include M. Aschan, W. M. Axelson (Linnaniemi), V. Borg (Kivilinna), M. Brenner, V. F. Brotherus, R. Envald, J. Fellman, N. I. Fellman, C. W. Fontell, E. af Hällström, H. Hollmén, P. A. Karsten, A. Osw. Kihlman (Kairamo), F. W. Klingstedt, H. Lindberg, J. Lindén, A. J. Malmberg (Mela), J. Montell, F. Nylander, J. A. Palmén, V. Pesola, P. A. Rantaniemi, J. Sahlberg, and G. Selin. A short description is given of the biographies of the most important collectors with notes on their itineraries. Details of the collections from the Kola Peninsula are mostly taken from the vascular-plant specimens kept in the Finnish main herbaria and entered in the Floristic database Kastikka of the Finnish Museum of Natural History. As to bryophytes, lichens and other fungi, only a small proportion has been entered into the database. A network of biogeographic provinces for the Kola Peninsula was created by Finnish scientists in the mid 1800s, and it is still commonly used. Changes in the boundaries of provinces in the peninsula are discussed. The herbarium data are given according to the provinces.
One day : around the world in 24 hours
The sociology of time
Little red lies
Time, tense, and causation
Time and eternity
Most advice centers on what to do, or how to do it, and ignores the when of success. But exciting new research proves there is a right time to do just about everything, based on our biology and hormones. As Dr. Michael Breus proves in The power of when, working with your body's inner clock for maximum health, happiness, and productivity is easy, exciting, and fun. The power of when presents a groundbreaking new program for getting back in sync with your natural rhythm by making minor changes to your daily routine. After you've taken Dr. Breus's comprehensive Bio-Time Quiz to figure out your chronotype (are you a Bear, Lion, Dolphin or Wolf?), you'll find out the best time to do over 50 different activities. Featuring a foreword by Mehmet C. Oz, MD, and packed with fascinating facts, fun personality quizzes, and easy-to-follow guidelines, The power of when is the ultimate "lifehack" to help you achieve your goals.
The hidden reality : parallel universes and the deep laws of the cosmos
The therapeutic pause in osteopathy and manual therapy : the somatosensory integration time
Beyond 9 to 5 : your life in time
Baltimore. Volume 5 : The apostle and the witch or Harju
'Til death do us part
Finnish yearbook of political thought. 2000, vol. 4.
Dimensions of time
Real-time audio servers on BSD Unix derivatives
Methuen's history of medieval and modern Europe. 5, A history of Europe from 1494 to 1610
Talking about time in Russian and Finnish
Philosophy and psychology of time
About time : a visual memoir around the clock
Finnish yearbook of political thought. 2001, vol. 5.
The power of when : discover your chronotype - and the best time to eat lunch, ask for a raise, have sex, write a novel, take your meds, and more
The India fan
Mama Koko and the hundred gunmen : one ordinary family's extraordinary tale of love, loss, and survival in Congo
The enlightenment : an interpretation. [2], The science of freedom
The Victorians
Politics, poetry, and sufism in medieval Iran
"From V.E. Schwab, the critically acclaimed author of Vicious, comes a new universe of daring adventure, thrilling power, and parallel Londons, beginning with A Darker Shade of Magic.  Kell is one of the last Travelers--magicians with a rare, coveted ability to travel between parallel universes--as such, he can choose where he lands. There's Grey London, dirty and boring, without any magic, ruled by a mad King George. Then there's Red London, where life and magic are revered, and the Maresh Dynasty presides over a flourishing empire. White London, ruled by whoever has murdered their way to the throne--a place where people fight to control magic, and the magic fights back, draining the city to its very bones. And once upon a time, there was Black London...but no one speaks of that now. Officially, Kell is the Red Traveler, personal ambassador and adopted Prince of Red London, carrying the monthly correspondences between the royals of each London. Unofficially, Kell is a smuggler, servicing people willing to pay for even the smallest glimpses of a world they'll never see--a dangerous hobby, and one that has set him up for accidental treason. Fleeing into Grey London, Kell runs afoul of Delilah Bard, a cut-purse with lofty aspirations, first robs him, then saves him from a dangerous enemy, and then forces him to spirit her to another world for a proper adventure.  But perilous magic is afoot, and treachery lurks at every turn. To save all of the worlds, Kell and Lila will first need to stay alive--and that is proving trickier than they hoped. "--
In this paper, we propose a new noncausal vector autoregressive (VAR) model for non-Gaussian time series. The assumption of non-Gaussianity is needed for reasons of identifiability. Assuming that the error distribution belongs to a fairly general class of elliptical distributions, we develop an asymptotic theory of maximum likelihood estimation and statistical inference. We argue that allowing for noncausality is of importance in empirical economic research, which currently uses only conventional causal VAR models. Indeed, if noncausality is incorrectly ignored, the use of a causal VAR model may yield suboptimal forecasts and misleading economic interpretations. This is emphasized in the paper by noting that noncausality is closely related to the notion of nonfundamentalness, under which structural economic shocks cannot be recovered from an estimated causal VAR model. As detecting nonfundamentalness is therefore of great importance, we propose a procedure for discriminating between causality and noncausality that can be seen as a test of nonfundamentalness. The methods are illustrated with applications to fiscal foresight and the term structure of interest rates.
How to master your marquis
Youth, space and time : agoras and chronotopes in the global city
Finnish yearbook of political thought. 2003, vol. 7.
Cryptonomicon
A brief history of time:  from the big bang to black holes
Phenomenalism, phenomenology, and the question of time : a comparative study of the theories of Mach, Husserl, and Boltzmann
Aetheric mechanies : a graphic novella
Studies in Mid-Victorian imperialism
Hiding in the Mirror : The Mysterious allure of extra dimensions, from plato to string theory and beyond
The conquest of civilization
A leisure of one's own : a feminist perspective on women's leisure
Phenomenology and the problem of time
Thief of time
Intellectual and political elites of the enlightenment
A brief history of time
A brief history of time : the twentieth anniversary edition of the world's bestselling science book
Time and temporality in intercultural perspective
Fibula, fabula, fact - the Viking Age in Finland
When is the funeral? : attitudes towards the time between death and rite in native and some other cultures in Sweden today
The mammoth book of time travel SF
Hector finds time
Conference report : VAF III : identity and identification and the Viking Age in Finland (with special emphasis on the Åland Islands), 3rd-4th September 2012, Mariehamn, Åland
Cultures of Death and Dying in Medieval and Early Modern Europe
The leisure business and lifestyle
Time of law - time of experience
In search of lost time
The years
The new policeman
Sports and leisure activities among Iranian refugees living in Jyväskylä - social integration through sports
The science of Interstellar
This thought-provoking collection not only takes us into the past and the future, but also explores what might happen if we attempt to manipulate time to our own advantage. These stories show what happen once you start to meddle with time and the paradoxes that might arise. It also raises questions about whether we understand time, and how we perceive it. These are just some of the questions that are raised in these challenging, exciting and sometimes amusing stories by Kage Baker, Simon Clark, Fritz Leiber, Christopher Priest, Kristine Kathryn Rusch, Robert Silverberg, Michael Swanwick, John Varley and many others
Sex criminals. Volume three, Three the hard way
Void : the strange physics of nothing
Starting off with time
This book explores the problem of time and immanence for phenomenology in the work of Edmund Husserl, Martin Heidegger, Maurice Merleau-Ponty, and Jacques Derrida. It provides an in-depth analysis of phenomenologys central notions of intentionality, immanence, and temporality, suggesting a new perspective on themes central to phenomenology and its development as a movement. The author raises for debate the question of where phenomenology begins and ends. Detailed readings of immanence in light of the more familiar problems of time-consciousness and temporality provide the framework for evaluating both Husserl's efforts to break free of modern philosophy's notions of immanence, and the influence Hiedegger's criticism of Husserl exercised over Merleau-Ponty's and Derrida's alternatives to Husserl's phenomenology.
Reading clocks, alla Turca : time and society in the late Ottoman Empire
Time, experience and behaviour
The steampunk megapack : 26 modern and classic steampunk stories
Self-reference ENGINE
Reporting and functionality addition for time-tracking system
The natural philosophy of time
This thesis was done for Oulu University of Applied Sciences Sula project. In the thesis electricity consumption of a garage was examined using classic time series analysis and search for correlation between power consumption and difference between outside and inside temperatures. Also, forecasts were made for power consumption and thermal conductance by applying linear re-gression. In thesis’s context thermal conductance was defined as power con-sumption needed to increase the temperature difference between inside and outside air by one Celsius centigrade. The purpose was to find a programmable way to detect a broken heating device from increased electricity consumption. The program should be able to run au-tomatically on the Sula server. Using time series analysis, trend and irregular components were detected from the electricity consumption measurement. With coefficient of determination linear correlation between the energy consumption and temperature difference was proven. Power consumption forecast had the difference between outside and inside temperature as the explanatory variable. The forecast was good at comparing the last measured power consumption with certain temperature difference to average power consumption with the same temperature difference. The fore-cast was slow in adjusting to different kind of power consumption when used devices were changed, because the forecast method requires high number of observations. If the used devices would always be the same then this forecast method would be suitable for the purpose. Conductance forecasts were faster in adjusting when the used devices were changed, but it can also be a downside because if the forecast adjusts too fast, it’s useless detecting increased consumption. The adjusting speed is deter-mined by the number of observations used. With high number of observations the forecast doesn’t adjust too fast and is more suitable for the purpose.
The empire of time
This book contextualises case studies across a wide variety of languages and cultures, crystallising key interrelationships between linguistic standardisation and prescriptivism, and between ideas and practices. It focuses on different traditions of standardisation and prescription throughout the world and addresses questions such as how nationalistic idealisations of 'traditional' language persist (or shift) amid language change, linguistic variation and multilingualism. The volume explores issues of standardisation and the sociolinguistic phenomenon of prescription as a formative influence on the notional standard language as well as the interconnections between these in a wide range of geographical contexts. It balances the otherwise strong emphasis on English in English language publications on prescriptivism and breaks new ground with its multilingual approach across languages and nations. The book will appeal to scholars working within different linguistic traditions interested in questions relating to all aspects of standardisation and prescriptivism.
Space, time, and motion : a philosophical introduction
Changes in leisure time : the impact on tourism
The concept of time
Past and Present in Medieval Chronicles
Entangled worlds : archaeologies of ambivalence in the Viking Age
Ancient Voices in Modern Times : Eternal Light - Oulu Early Music Festival Concert
Desire me now
The labyrinth of politics : a conceptual approach to the modes of the political in the Scottish enlightenment
Business life in pursuit of economic and political advantages in early-nineteenth-century Finland
Man and time
The new Cambridge modern history. Volume 3, The counter-reformation and price revolution 1559-1610
This article reviews women of Germanic tribes mentioned in early Greek and Latin sources that have, in the past, been interpreted as cult functionaries or even 'priestesses'. Each case is presented and it is shown that although these women may have connections with the  supernatural, with prophecy and even had political influence, there is no reason to presume they are associated with a particular cult or a formal role in any cult.
Leisure studies : prospects for the twenty-first century
Really, really big questions about space and time
All that is : a novel
About time : from sun dials to quantum clocks, how the cosmos shapes our lives - and we shape the cosmos
Wonders of the universe
The year 2000 problem solver : a five-step disaster prevention plan
It's about time : from calendars and clocks to moon cycles and light years - a history
God and timelessness
The philosophy of time
Structural conditions of natural resource management : understanding the roles of complexity, control and evolution in societal resource use
After going through a time gateway, Caleb Hornblower is stuck in the present. He needs to find a way to return to the future, but after falling in love with Liberty Stone, Caleb isn't sure he can leave the past behind.
Methuen's history of medieval and modern Europe. 7, A history of Europe from 1715 to 1814
Viking Age in Finland : identity and identification : pre-print materials of the seminar “Identity and identification and the Viking Age in Finland (with special emphasis on the Åland Islands)” : Mariehamn, Åland 03.-04.09.2012
"Interstellar, from acclaimed filmmaker Christopher Nolan, takes us on a fantastic voyage far beyond our solar system. Yet in The Science of Interstellar, Kip Thorne, the physicist who assisted Nolan on the scientific aspects of Interstellar, shows us that the movie's jaw-dropping events and stunning, never-before-attempted visuals are grounded in real science. Thorne shares his experiences working as the science adviser on the film and then moves on to the science itself. In chapters on wormholes, black holes, interstellar travel, and much more, Thorne's scientific insights many of them triggered during the actual scripting and shooting of Interstellar, describe the physical laws that govern our universe and the truly astounding phenomena that those laws make possible."--Publisher's description.
Smart Guide to Managing Your Time
Analytical metaphysics : a collection of essays. Vol. 2, Time and causation
Leisure in your life : an exploration
Every inch a king : comparative studies on kings and kingship in the ancient and medieval worlds
War and peace in the ancient world
The universe in your hand : a journey through space, time and beyond
The time traveller's almanac : the ultimate treasury of time travel fiction - brought to you from the future
The new Cambridge modern history. Volume 1, The Renaissance 1493-1520
FutureWorld : where science fiction becomes science
Just in time
The contemporary evidence for early medieval witchcraft-beliefs
The time paradox : the new psychology of time
The unknown universe in 10 chapters
Politics and time : documenting the event
Embodied experiences, constructing a collaborative art event in the Northern environment
On waiting
Development of Henneguya zschokkei (Myxozoa: Myxosporea) actinospores in oligochaetes and plasmodia in whitefish Coregonous lavaretus
Space and time in languages and cultures : language, culture, and cognition
Life and society in the West : the modern centuries
Splitting the second : the story of atomic time
The rhythms of society
Time perception : theoretical considerations and empirical studies of the influence of gender, age, and culture on subjective duration
Lady of Ashes
The modernization of working times : flexibility and work sharing in Finland
The form of time
From eternity to here : the quest for the ultimate theory of time
The European mind 1680-1715
Postcolonial literary geographies : out of place
Perception and imaging
My brilliant friend
Development of Anticafe Concept in Finland
Diversity and the recreation profession : organizational perspectives
The camomile lawn
Learning English informally through authentic literacy practices : a case study of Finnish 8th grade students
Jewish book art between Islam and Christianity : the decoration of Hebrew bibles in medieval Spain
Questioning the millenium : a rationalist's guide to a precisely arbitrary countdown
About time : a philosophical inquiry into the origin and nature of time
Terrible time
A darker shade of magic
Studying autonomous motives in physical education and leisure time contexts
Analytical metaphysics : a collection of essays. Vol. 4, Particulars, actuality, and identity over time
Black hole : how an idea abondoned by Newtonians, hated by Einstein and gambled on by Hawking became loved
Rewind assassin
Analysing spatial accessibility patterns with travel time and distance measures : novel approaches for rural and urban contexts
The mystery of time : humanity's quest for order and measure
Time warped
My first book of time
Entertainment for congresses : survey of social programme providers in the Jyväskylä area
The structure of time
Alexander l. Abecinba argues that Gregory of Nyssa's dispute with Eunomius of Cyzicus in Contra Eunomium gave birth to a sacramental view of time. "In Chapter 1, Time and Ontology, I show that Gregory sees temporal extension ... as a fundamental property that distinguishes the creature from the Creator. Further, Nyssen conceives of creaturely temporality in a two-fold manner: temporality that applies to sensible creation and a higher temporality that applies to intelligible creation. For Gregory, time not only acts to veil the Creator from the creature. Through a participatory ascent from sensible to intelligible temporality, time also acts as the very means of creaturely communion with God. The veiling and unveiling function of time gives rise to its sacramental character. Chapter 2, Time, Language and Thought, extends the findings of Chapter 1. I argue that, for Nyssen, words pertain to sensible temporality while thought pertains to intelligible temporality. Words and thought, being temporally diastematic in character, veil the Creator from the creature. Nevertheless, for Gregory, the ascent of sensible to intelligible temporality is mirrored in an ascent from the spoken words to silent thought that also unveils the Creator to the creature. Thus, words and thought possess a sacramental character insofar as they are caught up the ascent of sacramental time into union with God. Chapter 3, Time and Christology, discusses topics such as the divine economy, the divine and human nature of Christ, and the kenosis and deification of Christ. I argue that Nyssen sees the Incarnation as the Sacrament, par excellence, of humanity's salvation. In this event the Son's divine nature is veiled in flesh, yet is visible in that same flesh to those who have "clear vision." This unique event in history, in which the human nature of the Son is properly deified, provides the basis for creaturely temporal ascent into the life of God. Creaturely temporal existence is sacramental, inasmuch as it shares in the unique Christological Sacrament by analogy. In the Epilogue I allow the findings of Chapters 1 to 3 to shed light on Greogory's understanding of the sacraments of baptism and eucharist. I argue that Gregory's defense of pro-Nicene sacramental practices, over against Eunomius of Cyzicus, depends upon his sacramental view of time."
Prescription and tradition in language : establishing standards across time and space
Perfect
Time and time again : reports from a boundary of the universe
At home with entertainment : changing uses, places and meanings of digital entertainment in family leisure
A Business Plan for the Leisure Industry : Case: Wolverine Fitness Helsinki
Perspectives on time
Finnish botanists on the Kola Peninsula (Russia) up to 1918.
Organizational change and temporality : bending the arrow of time
Victorian poetry
The league of extraordinary gentlemen. Volume two
Generalized integer-valued autoregression
Tense and performance : an essay on the uses of tensed and tenseless language
Journal of hospitality & leisure marketing
The Mayan prophecy 2012 : The Mayan calendar and the end of time
"I had rather be a thing than an angel." : a comparative study of Jane Austen's and Charlotte Brontë's views on women's status in Victorian society
Time was
Not now! Now! : chronopolitics, art & research
Felt time : the psychology of how we perceive time
The arguments of time
The 2012 story : the myths, fallacies, and thruth behind the most intriguing date in history
Methuen's history of medieval and modern Europe. 6, A history of Europe from 1610 to 1715
Nearing the end of a Third Age of Industry fueled by a magical substanced named aether, Robert Borrow, the son of a guildsman, becomes involved in a revolution to end a society based on inequality, greed, and corruption
Improving Product Lifecycle Management Through Lessons-to-Learn Culture  : Case Global Consumer Electronics Company
Garden of lies
Leisure and feminist theory
Handbook of work-life integration among professionals : challenges and opportunities
Clockwork prince
Childhood in the shadow of war : filled with work and play
Mapping gendered routes and spaces in the early modern world
The shoemaker's wife : a novel
About time : inventing the fourth dimension
Baltimore. Volume two : The curse bells
Bertie and the seven bodies : from the detective memoirs of King Edward VII
Lovers at the Chameleon Club, Paris 1932 : a novel
An econometric analysis of time use in Finnish households
Leisure and the changing city, 1870-1914
The light ages
The tenseless theory of time : a critical examination
The search for Heinrich Schlögel : a novel
Basic issues in the philosophy of time
Kings and Vikings : Scandinavia and Europe, A.D. 700-1100
Time : a philosophical introduction
Young people's leisure and lifestyles
The spectrum of social time
Man's work and leisure
Impossible time : past and future in the philosophy of religion
The summer isles
