http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21063 Facebook
Facebook
Facebook Marketing for Dummies / Paul Dunay and Richard Krueger
Effects of social media marketing on operations of a travel
Content analysis of Facebook pages : decoding expressions given off
A longitudinal test of the effects of Facebook use on cultural adaptation
Developing a SMS web application with integrations to a Social Network
Facebook : promote your business in the hottest marketing arena
Pogue's basics : essential tips and shortcuts (that no one bothers to tell you) for simplifying the technology in your life
Social media : how to skyrocket your business through social media marketing!
The like economy : how businesses are making money with Facebook
Marketing potential of social media : critical factors in creating and maintaining brand communities on Facebook
Social media : marketing strategies for rapid growth using: Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, LinkedIn, Pinterest and YouTube
Facebook for seniors
Using Facebook for marketing : case: Picnic Finland Oy
Facebook marketing : strategies for advertising, business, making money and making passive income
Facebook Platform is a prominent example of an internet-based service for which third-party developers can offer small add-on programs, which are often referred to as applications. The distribution of success of applications is highly skewed. This market structure with few blockbuster applications and a long-tail of unpopular ones is common in the media, entertainment and software industries. Philip Mayrhofer compiled individual-level survey data as well as an original panel data set of Facebook applications in order to examine the market for Facebook applications in detail. Specifically he identifies interdependencies such as bandwagon effects between users and spillovers between applications and analyzes whether they contribute to the concentrated market structure.Contents- Empirical Analysis of Facebooks Platform for Applications- Determinants of the Discovery and Adoption of Applications- Information Spillovers between Applications as a Source of Usage- Determinants of the Discovery and Adoption of Applications- Information Spillovers between Applications as a Source of UsageTarget Groups- Researchers and students in the field of management and industrial organization- Entrepreneurs and managers in companies with internet-based business models The Author Dr. Philip Mayrhofer obtained his doctorate degree at the Institute for Innovation Research,Technology Management and Entrepreneurship (Ludwig-Maximilians-Universitt̃Mnchen) under the supervision of Prof. Dietmar Harhoff, Ph. D.
Mastering web 2.0 : transform your business using key website and social media tools
Social Commerce : the underlying trend of social commerce
Integration of social networking sites (with focus on Facebook) into CRM
Evaluating corporate social media use : on facebook, twitter and blogs
Facebook marketing : all in one for dummies
Guide to using social media for BelleGames
M&A, cooperations and networks in the e-Business industry : focuced on Google, Yahoo, MSN, YouTube, MySpace, Facebook, StudiVZ,..
Job searching with social media for dummies
Facebook marketing : an hour a day
Creating a website for a small business
Convenience sampling through Facebook
Using facebook
Future visions of adult education centers : SoMe times?
Social Media as a Marketing Tool for a Small Business
Facebook all-in-one for dummies
Social Media Marketing: a Case Study of Company X
Social media strategy for the German-Finnish Chamber of Commerce
Facebook® marketing : an hour a day
Abstract. Sending a bulk SMS with a mobile phone is often a task that is fraught with usability issues. It becomes evident that a mobile phone with its small form factor cannot deliver the level of user experience that a web application can.     This project aims to develop a web application where users can register, create and manage contacts and contact groups, send bulk SMS. Facebook will be integrated into the web application to enable users to sign up and login to the service. A Facebook page will also be created for the service where the web application can be used from there.     In developing the application, PHP, HTML, CSS and Javascript will be the tools used to accomplish this.     This project can further be extended in the future to allow 2-way SMS campaigns. It can also be used as a service to support critical operations like ambulance service, rescue and any operation that might need short automatic message distribution when an event occurs.
Supporting awareness in creative group work by exposing design rationale
140 characters : a style guide for the short form
Finding customers through social media
Core factors influencing satisfaction with a Chinese social networking site page service
Identity problems in the Facebook era
The Social network
Facebook For Dummies
A case study of Facebook marketing approaches of two Nepali companies
Abstract: The goal of this project was to develop an application that would integrate a calendar application with the social media, that is, Facebook. The main purpose of this application was to retrieve events from Facebook into the local calendar application and vice versa and also to fetch friends' birthday events into the calendar application. The functional part  mainly concerned the core study of the Facebook platform and developers' tools for both   Facebook and iPhone. The Facebook connect SDK (Software Development Kit) was identified as the key player   in the integration business which provided readymade code to embed into the Facebook   application that was created during the project in order to exchange information with   iPhone application, that is, the Student Calendar. The Graph API was found to be the core   of the Facebook Platform to enable developers to read from and write data into Facebook.   All the targets of the project were achieved although there were some complexities within the platform components. Nowadays, integrating applications with social networking sites are becoming popular  which is attracting more developers. In such a context, the application developed has a   great demand. This application can be useful for students and those who are fond of using   Facebook. The application has some important features of Facebook, such as a post-onwall, view news feed or checking a friend's birthday, so the user does not have to go   through the Facebook page for these functions. The procedures that were taken during the  application have been documented in detail, so the thesis can be used as a guide for   developers, and those who have interest in how integration is done can have a glance at it.
You.com : manage your online self for profit, image and business success
Social media success! : practical advice and real-world examples for social media engagement
Internet marketing bible for accountants : the complete guide to using social media and online advertising including Facebook, Twitter, Google and Linkedin for cpas and accounting firms
Humanitarian issues on Facebook
How to value Facebook Inc.? : a study of various valuation methods and an application to current events
The truth about Facebook : 100+ Facebook tips and tricks you might not know, and much more - the facts you should know
Examining consumers’ acceptance of social commerce in clothing e-retail
Social networking for the older and wiser : connect with family and friends, old and new
Facebook Marketing towards Vietnamese consumers
Intimacy and friendship on Facebook
Film marketing in social media : case: Despicable Me
Utilizing social media in a tourism company
"I ate an apple today" : suitability of Facebook posts and reactions to norm violations
Practical Usage of Social Media Networks in Business - A Guideline to Facebook Utilization
ICT and Facebook Use among Finnish Adolecents : a study of social network analysis
Facebook : the missing manual
The purpose of the research is to study how Hennes & Mauritz AB's brand is perceived in social media. The topic is of current interest as the phenomenon of social media marketing and communication is expanding. More and more companies are using social media as a platform to communicate with their customers. The research concentrates on H&M's brand and how the customers are experiencing the brand in one of the social media platforms, Facebook. The research objective is to discover if the H&M brand is perceived by the customers as H&M intends and if the customers and H&M are receiving any additional value from the social media communication. The research examines both local and global news feeds of H&M to describe the results from the global, as well as from Finland's, point of view. The empirical material of this research is based on the qualitative research method. Firstly, an interview with H&M's marketing and communications manager in Finland was  analysed to find out how H&M expects its brand to be experienced in social media; secondly, the news feeds and customer comments of H&M's Facebook page were observed and analysed, during 1.2 – 11.3.2012, to detect how the customers perceive the H&M brand. From a general perspective, the results show that H&M has succeeded in their brand delivery. The customer perception is in unison with H&M's marketing and communication strategy, and both customers and the company are receiving added value from social media interaction. The research reveals strong and weak points in the social media communication, for the company to improve and develop its strategy in social media. From the local point of view, conclusions were hard to make due to the low level of participation; however, observation of local customers' interaction revealed that they focus more on quality, information and advice-oriented topics.
The Facebook diet
Increasing student engagement and retention using social technologies : Facebook, e-portfolios and other social networking services
Get up to speed with online marketing : how to use websites, blogs, social networking and much more
Meatspace
Facebook me! : a guide to having fun with your friends and promoting your projects on Facebook
Google this : the new media driver's licenseʼ
Facebook marketing : what do users think of it?
Calendar integration with social media: Facebook
Digital revolutions : activism in the Internet age
Got social mediology? : using psychology to master social media for your business without spending a dime
Entrepreneur magazine's ultimate guide to facebook advertising
Understanding consumer expectations towards Marimekko's Facebook content to increase consumer engagement
Social Media Marketing for Business-to-Business Organizations
Sports Fans 2.0 : an introduction
Always on : language in an online and mobile world
Smart social media : your guide to becoming a highly paid social media manager
The Greens of Finland in social media: Facebook as a communication forum
Corporate branding in Facebook fan pages : ideas for improving your brand value
Developing Online Marketing in Social Media for DORTMUNDtourismus e.V.
Facebook cookbook
Finnish students' uses of and attitudes towards English on Facebook
While performing a background investigation into sociological research on Facebook, work that had been done by Christine Brickman Bhutta came to my attention, where Bhutta discussed and evaluated the use of Facebook as a sampling frame. I found this of great interest; in particular, I was curious regarding the use of Facebook to research activity on Facebook itself. I therefore undertook to adapt Bhutta's method to my own experimental research design. I chose to implement this method for the pilot study of my research, partly to test this method's efficacy and viability.
Inbound marketing : get found using Google, social media, and blogs
humanization of brands through emotional engagement : case Facebook
Facebook nation : total information awareness
The Facebook effect : the real inside story of Mark Zuckerberg and the world's fastest-growing company
User perception of targeted ads in online social networks : a theoretical and empirical investigation using the example of Facebook
Marketing with social media : 10 easy steps to success for business
Co-creating value in social media : universities' utilization of Facebook
Free marketing in social media : 500 tactics & best practices : Twitter, Facebook, MySpace, YouTube & more
Female style vs. male style or something in between? : a case study on gendered communication on the Humans of New York Facebook page
National imagery in Finnish folk metal : lyrics, Facebook and beyond
Steinmeier accepted your friend request : German Social Democrats and their online communication through Facebook during the 2009 parliamentary elections
Abstract: Facebook is one of the most used online communities in the social media, which encourages  companies to launch their own Facebook page. This work's employer  Teollisuuden Voima Oyj (TVO) is planning on launching its own page. TVO aims on  using Facebook as one channel for its external corporate communication. The objective  of this study was to make a proposal for the content of this Facebook page. The  proposal is intended to help the communications unit of TVO in planning, maintaining  and developing the page. The topic was approached from the perspective of organizational  communication.  The study is an action research used with qualitative research methods, such as the  benchmarking method of analysis and interviewing. Before interviewing took place  benchmarking was used to ascertain the organization most suited for interviewing,  namely the Radiation and Nuclear Safety Authority (STUK). The benchmarking process  was done by monitoring the Facebook pages of seven different target organizations  for a month. The features chosen for monitoring were the most suitable in terms  of the work. After this an interview was executed as a half-structured interview. The  interviewee was a publicist of STUK. The analysis and interpretation of the interview  was based on a dialogue between the research data and theory.  This study showed that public relations make up one of Facebook's key functions  from the perspective of organizational communications. It also became evident that  through Facebook TVO can reach important stakeholders, such as young adults.  Based on the study results it should also be said that the maintenance and development  of a Facebook page require a lot of personnel resources.  The output of this action research was produced, i.e. a proposal on TVO's Facebook  page content plan was completed. The results of this research could best be utilized  by a company such as the nuclear company TVO.
Facebook Application Development
Utilizing Social Media in a Tourism Company
Using Facebook as a research site and research tool
Interdependencies in the discovery and adoption of Facebook applications : an empirical investigation
Editorial: Issues of Ethics and Methods in Studying Social Media
The Role of Social Media in Societal Change : Cases in Finland of Fifth Estate Activity on Facebook
Marketing in social media: the Facebook phenomenon
Art Inc : the essential guide for building your career as an artist
Social media marketing all-in-one for dummies
The facebook guide for people over 50
Towards the social media : Facebook page content plan for a company
Facebook advertising for dummies
Get up to speed with online marketing : how to use websites, blogs, social networking and more to promote your business
The social media phenomenon is the latest trend today. During the past couple of years, e-mailing and text messaging have given way somewhat to networking on the Internet. Social networking sites, such as MySpace and Facebook, have become particularly popular. Everyone seems to be a part of some Internet community; it seems that nobody wants to be left out.     Lately, the press has reported of a couple of negative incidents where, for example, people have been fired for reasons relating to Facebook use. In worst case scenarios, public status updates have even led to homicides. Networks, which were originally created to maintain relationships, have become surprisingly important in many people's lives. The purpose of this research was to find out what motivates young women to use Facebook and how big of a role it plays in their lives. The research also discusses the world of social media in general. The research group consists of 20- to 35-year-old Finnish women, all registered users of Facebook. To collect the data for this thesis, a quantitative method was used and a structured questionnaire was made, which was sent to the respondents electronically with the Webropol program. The results were tabulated on Microsoft Excel. As a result of the answers submitted to the questionnaire, it can be stated that young women enjoy being on Facebook, mostly to maintain friendships, but also to follow other people's lives. Facebook is not a deadly serious matter, but many have admitted a slight addiction and say that they log in everyday.
Blogs, wikis, Facebook, and more : everything you want to know about using today's Internet but are afraid to ask
Help! I'm a Facebookaholic : inside the crazy world of social networking
The H&M brand in social media : brand delivery in Facebook
101 social media tactics for nonprofits : a field guide
The thesis was carried out as a research-based thesis for Finnkino. The objective of the thesis is to study the connection between social media and film marketing. Firstly, the intention is to find out what kinds of attitudes customers have towards different types of marketing contents in social media when talking about film marketing. Secondly, the intention is to study what type of content in social media can help raise interest around the film. And finally, the study aims to find out how Facebook can be used affectively when marketing a film in social media. The case film chosen was Despicable me. The theoretical framework was based on film marketing theory by Fiona Kerrigan. The framework was also based on several theories and articles about social media, such as the CREF-model (marketing in social media) by Salmenkivi & Nyman and the customer bonding triangle by Szmigin & Reppel. Other relevant and current articles on social media, Facebook and film marketing were also examined and briefly presented. A comprehensive framework was constructed from the basis of these theories. The research method applied in the empirical part of the study was quantitative. An online questionnaire was created using Webropol. The survey was distributed through Facebook by two different channels; it was sent to the researcher's friends and also posted on the Finnish site of Despicable me (Itse ilkimys).The survey was available online 18.-31.10.2010 after which the responses were gathered, examined, analyzed and presented. Microsoft Excel-tools were used in analyzing the results in order to provide cross tabulating and filter the responses. The results indicated that users prefer unique and original film marketing in social media. The value of the trailer was confirmed as the biggest and most effective asset of the film. Elements such as interaction between user and the company, competitions, viral material and recommendations from one's own network were perceived very positively. In sum, users value video content in social media and the value of suggestions coming from their own network can highly raise the interest towards a film. Facebook-page of a film can have interesting content such as the trailer, but the findability of a film's Facebook page needs to be improved. Original and unexpected content is important and it can create want-to-see among audience prior to the theatrical release of the film.
This project explored the everyday use of the social network site Facebook by first-year undergraduate students in their transition to university. This was done by using a longitudinal study over one academic year. A connective ethnographic approach was used, which involved being with and observing the student participants on Facebook and face-to-face, within the university environment. Participant observation, field notes, screenshots of Facebook, questionnaires, interviews and focus groups were the main methods of data collection.
The zen of social media marketing : an easier way to build credibility, generate buzz, and increase revenue
The complete idiot's guide to Facebook
The nature of viral marketing videos shared on an online social networking site, Facebook
Consumer motivations to join a brand community on Facebook
Social Media - Brand Building Tool
Mary Ann in autumn : a tales of the city novel
Social networking and impression management : self-presentation in the digital age
Facebook users tend to claim their identities implicitly rather than explicitly; they 'show' rather than 'tell' and stress group identities over personal ones. In this case study, I unpack the methodology of content analysis and describe in detail the major steps we took in applying this method to the study of Facebook pages. I also reflect and comment on the methodological issues we encountered in our study and offer some advice for those who are interested in using this method.
Facebook and branding of Stronghold Gym
"I am on Facebook, therefore I am" : a study of young women's motives for using Facebook
What is the role of Facebook as one of Tjäreborg's communication channels
Facebook companion
Transnational Spaces in the Virtual World : Dominican Migrant Communities in the Social Media
Framing cosmologies : the anthropology of worlds
Facebook marketing for dummies
Evaluating usability of games : A study of four Facebook games using heuristic evaluation
Facebook, Twitter & YouTube : A social media guide for the city of Ravensburg
Supporting Awareness in Creative Group Work by Exposing Design Rationale
Facebook & Twitter for seniors for dummies
Facebook, YouTube & Myspace : The people, the hype and the deals behind the giants of Web 2.0
Forecasting with social media : using Facebook likes to predict the results of the 2015 Finnish parliamentary elections
Social media for school leaders : a comprehensive guide to getting the most out of Facebook, Twitter, and other essential Web tools
As of 2012, Twitter has over 100 million active users worldwide, generating close to 230 million Tweets per day. Encouraged by sports shows that incorporate social media as a major component of their programming strategies, sports fans and athletes have proven to be some of the most prolific and adept users of Twitter and other social media platforms. Social media has made it possible for fans to cross the virtual barrier that separates them from the teams they love and the athletes they follow, changing the way fans and athletes interact in the world of sports. In Sports Fans 2.0: How Fans Are Using Social Media to Get Closer to the Game, David M. Sutera explores the increasingly participatory nature of contemporary sports fandom and spectatorship. He examines the ways in which digital media has created and facilitated new channels for sports fan engagement, and how technology has enhanced the fan's perception of participating in America's sports culture. In addition, Sutera shows how high-profile athletes are using social media to increase their fan base and promote their own celebrity status, creating the sense that they are more accessible to their fans. Social media has forever altered the way sports fans and athletes engage with each other. Covering a wide range of sports and social media outlets, Sports Fans 2.0 is an accessible examination of how technology has changed-and will continue to change-the world of sports. Written for general readers and scholars alike, this book will appeal to anyone interested in the effects of social media on popular culture.
Facebook for dummies
Rewards as extrinsic motivator for geosocial networking
Oh Myyy! : there goes the internet
The Facebook guide to small business marketing
Facebook for grown-ups
Billionaire boy : Mark Zuckerberg in his own words
Identity construction and performance in real world and in social network sites : case study of Facebook
Facebook app development for dummies
Using Facebook
