http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2107 typefaces
typefaces
Adobe Type Library : reference book = Adobe Schriftenbibliothek : Referenzhandbuch = Typothèque Adobe = guide de référence de la
American type : design & designers
The encyclopedia of calligraphy techniques
Hangugui gohwalja = Early Korean typography = Kankoku no kokatsuji
Handbook of early advertising art mainly from American sources : typographical and ornamental volume
Counterpunch : making type in the sixteenth century, designing typefaces now
Typeface catalog A - Z
Font family : get familiar with fonts!
Helvetica : a documentary film
Gothic and old English alphabets : 100 complete fonts
Typodarium  : The Daily Dose of Type ; 365 typefaces from 140 designers & foundries in 28 countries for 2011
Web designer's color card ; Web designer's font card ; Web designer's HTML card ; HTML tags and attributes ; Visibone HTML card styles page ; URLs, XHTML, SSI, and special characters ; Web designer's JavaScript card ; JavaScript language ; DOM - Document Object Model ; JavaScript regular expression
The typography idea book : inspiration from 50 masters
Classic typefaces : American type and type designers
Overlap : web & typography
Indiefonts : a compendium of digital type from independent foundries
Fifty typefaces that changed the world
Universal-Schriftprobe = Specimen des caractères = Specimen book of typefaces
Treasury of authentic art nouveau alphabets, decorative initials, monograms, frames & ornaments
Lettering & type : creating letters and designing typefaces
New illustration with type
The field guide to typography : typefaces in the urban landscape
InDesign type : professional typography with Adobe InDesign
Choice of modern types = Urval av tidsenliga stilar
The elements of graphic design : space, unity, page architecture, and type
Jan Tschichold : master typographer
Type, form & function : a handbook on the fundamentals of typography / Jason Tselentis
A type detective story : episode one : the crime scene
Mexican blackletter
Forms, folds, and sizes : all the details graphic designers need to know but can never find
Free Font Index 1
Twenty-six characters : an alphabetical book about Nokia Pure
Encyclopedia of comparative letterforms : for artists and designers
Type : a visual history of typefaces and graphic styles. Vol. 1, 1628-1900.. Vol. 2, 1901-1938
30 essential typefaces for a lifetime
1000 fonts : an illustrated guide to finding the right typeface
Lessons in typography : must-know typographic principles presented through lessons, exercises, and examples
Berthold types. Vol 2, C-F : Caledonia-Futura : 377 Schriften aus der Berthold-Schriftenbibliothek = 377 Typefaces from the Berthold Library = 377 Caractères de la typothéque Berthold
Typographic specimens: the great typefaces
Graphic design : the new basics
Typographic web design : how to think like a typographer in HTML and CSS
Iskusstvo šrifta : raboty moskovskih hudožnikov knigi = The lettering art : works by Moscow book designers = L'art du lettrage : oeuvres des artistes moscovites = Schriftkunst : Werke von Moskauer Buchgestaltern : 1959-1974
Type graphics the power of type in graphic design
Berthold types. Vol. 2, H - Z
Typography & lettering. An introduction to the key elements of good typographic design. Broken into sections covering the fundamentals of typography, it features works by acclaimed typographic designers from across the world. Each section illustrates technical points and encourages readers to try out new ideas of their own.
New vintage type : classic fonts for the digital age
Emigre fonts : type specimens, 1986-2016
Type specific : designing custom fonts for function and identity
The evolution of type : a graphic guide to 100 landmark typefaces
Type is money = Typographie in der Werbung
The encyclopaedia of type faces
Adrian Frutiger typefaces : the complete works
Type cosmic : digital type collection
We all constantly interact with type in almost every aspect of our lives. But how do fonts affect what we read and influence the choices we make? This book opens up the science and the art behind how fonts influence you. It explains why certain fonts or styles evoke particular experiences and associations.
"In Aspects of Contemporary Book Design, Richard Hendel has invited book and journal designers he admires to describe how they approach and practice thier craft. Blending his roles as designer, author, interviewer, and editor, Hendel reaches across both sides of the drafting tables--both real and virtual--to create a book that will appeal to aspiring and seasoned book designers as well as writers, editors, and readers who want to know more about the visual presentation of the written word. A unique, title page-to-index guide to the ways that professional British American designers think about design, this book continues the conversation that began with Hendel's 1998 classic, On Book Design."--Book flap.
Die Schriftentwicklung = The development of writing = Le développement de l'écriture
Helvetica
Helvetica forever : story of a typeface
Berthold types. Vol 1, A-B : Aeterna-Brush : 268 Schriften aus der Berthold-Schriftenbibliothek = 268 Typefaces from the Berthold Library = 268 Caractères de la typothéque Berthold
Retrofonts
Script Fonts
Lettering tips for artists, graphic designers, and calligraphers
Fluid web typography
Aspects of contemporary book design
Exploring typography
Read naked : sauna, a typeface for all sizes
Arabesque : graphic design from the Arab world an Persia. 2
Rookledge's classic international typefinder : the essential handbook of typeface recognition and selection
ABC of lettering and printing typefaces : a complete guide to the letters and typefaces used for typesetting and printing
Typeforms : a history
Typography : the arrangement style and appearanche of type and typefaces
Desktop publisher's easy type guide : the 150 most important typefaces
Type Rules! : The Designer's Guide to Professional Typography
For years, the signs in the New York City subway system were a bewildering hodge-podge of lettering styles, sizes, shapes, materials, colors, and messages. The original mosaics (dating from as early as 1904), displaying a variety of serif and sans serif letters and decorative elements, were supplemented by signs in terracotta and cut stone. Over the years, enamel signs identifying stations and warning riders not to spit, smoke, or cross the tracks were added to the mix. Efforts to untangle this visual mess began in the mid-1960s, when the city transit authority hired the design firm Unimark International to create a clear and consistent sign system. We can see the results today in the white-on-black signs throughout the subway system, displaying station names, directions, and instructions in crisp Helvetica. This book tells the story of how typographic order triumphed over chaos. The process didn't go smoothly or quickly. At one point New York Times architecture writer Paul Goldberger declared that the signs were so confusing one almost wished that they weren't there at all. Legend has it that Helvetica came in and vanquished the competition. Paul Shaw shows that it didn't happen that way--that, in fact, for various reasons (expense, the limitations of the transit authority sign shop), the typeface overhaul of the 1960s began not with Helvetica but with its forebear, Standard (AKA Akzidenz Grotesk). It wasn't until the 1980s and 1990s that Helvetica became ubiquitous. Shaw describes the slow typographic changeover (supplementing his text with more than 250 images--photographs, sketches, type samples, and documents). He places this signage evolution in the context of the history of the New York City subway system, of 1960s transportation signage, of Unimark International, and of Helvetica itself
Extreme fonts : digital faces of the future
Berthold types. Vol 4, O-Z : Okay-Zentenar : 385 Schriften aus der Berthold-Schriftenbibliothek = 385 Typefaces from the Berthold Library = 385 Caractères de la typothéque Berthold
Anatomy of a typeface
Mastering type : the essential guide to typography for print and web design
Type one : discipline and progress in typography
Chosen to represent the key elements of form used by the punch cutters, calligraphers and designers of their day, and presented in chronological order by release date, each typeface is discussed in terms of its origins and its impact on the design and print industries, and considerations for screen use.00Versions released in metal type for hand-setting and for the Monotype and Linotype machines, as phototype, and as digital revivals or originals, are covered in detail alongside information about the people responsible for the design and development of each adaptation.00Key glyphs are annotated to indicate features that mark out how typeface design has evolved over the last 500 or so years. Visual comparisons illustrate how typefaces created years ago have influenced contemporary designs.00For the general reader, this book offers a thorough history of the typefaces we have been reading for decades; for typographers and designers, it is a valuable resource that will help to inform their choice of the most appropriate typeface for any project.
Dutch type
Type and typography
Specimens of wood letter : end grain, polished face-machine cut, rules, borders, ornaments etc
Berthold types. Vol 3, G-N : Galliard-Novarese : 382 Schriften aus der Berthold-Schriftenbibliothek = 382 Typefaces from the Berthold Library = 382 Caractères de la typothéque Berthold
Typography : n. the arrangement, style and apperance of type and typefaces
White Space Is Not Your Enemy : A Beginner's Guide to Communicating Visually Through Graphic, Web & Multimedia Design
Adobe font folio 11 : type reference guide
Typography on the personal computer
24 celtic and medieval display fonts : CD-ROM & book
Type specimens, 1801 and 1815, reproduced in facsimile
New typographics : with font samples
A type primer
Letter forms, typographic and scriptorial : two essays on their classification, history and bibliography
Creative type : A Sourcebook of Classic and Contemporary Letterforms
Font : classic typefaces for contemporary graphic design
The encyclopedia of fonts
Designing with type : the essential guide to typography
The typographic experiment : radical innovation in contemporary type design
Design and science : the life and work of Will Burtin
Letter fountain : on printing types
Type, image, message : a graphic design layout workshop
Type and colour
On web typography
Webtype: start here! : from zero to hero in easy lessons
Type in motion 2
Abstract: Visually recognisable lettering – Burned Serif typeface for the restaurant Soma. The subject of this Thesis is a creation of unique typefaces. The basics of letter formation and readability are covered in theory and how to follow those basics to get the best result. As a method, comparing the versions of the two most common typefaces provided a good background for the Thesis.  The customer's assignment was used as an example, which was to design a company profile to a restaurant/wine bar. The assignment was to design basic elements, such as the logo, web pages and a gift card plus something that the company would be recognized by. For this purpose it was required to create a unique, individual typeface for the company. A specific analysis accounts for the designed typeface with the goal of readability and maintaining a coherent line.  The requirement of readability is the same be it designing a typeface for print or web use. To this day basically grotesque typefaces have been used for the web, but the Author suggests that because of the always developing resolution of screens and pads, more antique typefaces will become more and more commonly used in the web world.
The eternal letter : two millennia of the classical roman capital
The complete typographer : a foundation course for graphic designers working with type
Why fonts matter
Twentieth century type designers
Type selector : the user-friendly font swatch
Berthold types. Vol. 1, A - G
Indiefonts  : a compendium of digital type from independent foundries. 2
Helvetica and the New York City subway system : the true (maybe) story
Encyclopaedia of typefaces
