http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21035 vases (Classical antiquity)
vases (Classical antiquity)
Attic red-figure vase-painters
The Greek vase : art of the storyteller
The Codrus Painter : iconography and reception of Athenian vases in the age of Pericles
This book examines Greek vase-paintings that depict humorous, burlesque, and irreverent images of Greek mythology and the gods. Many of the images present the gods and heroes as ridiculous and ugly. While the narrative content of some images may appear to be trivial, others address issues that are deeply serious. When placed against the background of the religious beliefs and social frameworks from which they spring, these images allow us to explore questions relating to their meaning in particular communities. Throughout, we see indications that Greek vase-painters developed their own comedic narratives and visual jokes. The images enhance our understanding of Greek society in just the same way as their more sober siblings in 'serious' art.
Style and society in dark age Greece : the changing face of a pre-literate society 1100-700 BC
The red-figured vases of Apulia. Vol. 1, Early and Middle Apulian
Corpus vasorum antiquorum. Fasc. 5, The Netherlands : Allard Pierson Museum, University of Amsterdam : Attic black-figure amphorae, pelikai, kraters, hydriai, olpai, oinochoai, and tripod kothon
Looking at Greek vases
Greek erotica on Attic red-figure vases
Ancient and traditional ceramics : seminar held at the European University Centre for Cultural Heritage, Ravello, March 19-24. 1990 = Céramiques anciennes et traditionelles
A comprehensive and fully illustrated collection of essays on the Pronomos Vase, the single most important piece of pictorial evidence for ancient theatre to have survived from ancient Greece.
Etruscan tomb-groups : ancient pottery and bronzes in Chicago's Field Museum of Natural History
The Pan painter : revised 1944 and 1947
Divergent archaeology
Corinthian and Attic vases in the Detroit Institute of Arts : geometric, black-figure, and red-figure
Athenian red figure vases : the Classical period : a handbook
Style and politics in Athenian vase-painting : the craft of democracy, ca. 530-460 B.C.E
Pots and pans of classical Athens
Studies in Archaic Corinthian vase painting
Understanding Greek vases : a guide to terms, styles, and techniques
Oltos and early red-figure vase painting
Boeotian black figure vase painting of the Archaic Period
Pots for the living, pots for the dead
This richly illustrated volume offers a fascinating introduction to ancient Greek vases for the general reader. It presents vases not merely as beautiful vessels to hold water and wine, but also as instruments of storytelling and bearers of meaning. The first two chapters analyze the development of different shapes of pottery and relate those shapes to function, the evolution in vase production techniques and decoration, and the roles of potters, painters, and their workshops. Subsequent chapters focus on vases as the primary source of imagery from ancient Greece, offering unique information about mythology, religion, theater, and daily life. The author discusses how to identify the figures and scenes depicted in vase paintings, what these narratives would have meant to the people who lived with them and used them, and how they therefore reflect the cultural values of their time. Also examined is the impact Greek vases had on the art, architecture, and literature of subsequent generations. Based on the rich collections of the British Museum and the J. Paul Getty Museum, the exquisite details of the works offer the reader the opportunity for an intimate interaction with the graphic beauty and narrative power of ancient vases often not available in a gallery setting.
The collection of antiquities from the cabinet of Sir William Hamilton = Collection des antiquites du cabinet de Sir William Hamilton = Die Antikensammlung aus dem Kabinett von Sir William Hamilton
Figures of speech : men and maidens in ancient Greece
Corinthian vase-painting of the Archaic period. 2, Commentary: The study of Corinthian vases
The Theseus painter : style, shapes and iconography
Attic black-figured pottery
Greek and Roman erotica
Ancient voices, modern echoes : theatre in the Greek world : exhibition catalogue
Distorted ideals in Greek vase-painting : the world of mythological Burlesque
The red-line painter and the workshop of the Acheloos painter
Corpus vasorum antiquorum : Australia. Nicholson Museum, University of Sydney
Corpus vasorum antiquorum. Fasc. 1, United States of America. Fasc. 38, Yale University Art Gallery, New Haven, Connecticut
The Amasis Painter and his world : vase-painting in sixth-century B. C. Athens
Addenda et corrigenda to D. A. Amyx, Corinthean vase-painting in the archaic period
Cleveland studies in the history of art
Greek painted pottery
The techniques of painted Attic pottery
A study of the Greek love-names : including a discussion of paederasty and a prosopographia
Personifications in Greek art : the representation of abstract concepts 600-400 B.C
Greek geometric and archaic pottery found in Cyprus
The Late Helladic I pottery of the southwestern Peloponnesos and its local characteristics
Greek vases : in the National Museum of Natural History Smithsonian Institution Washington, D. C.
Early Greek vase painting : 11th - 6th centuries BC : a handbook
The red and the black : studies in Greek pottery
What is a pyxis? Who was the Amasis Painter? How did Greek vases get their distinctive black and orange colors? This richly illustrated book - the latest in the popular Looking At series - offers definitions and descriptions of these and many other Greek vase shapes, painters, and techniques encountered in museum exhibitions and publications on ancient Greek ceramics. An essay on how to look at Greek vases and another on the conservation of ancient ceramics lay the ground for the succinct and readable explanations of the terms most frequently encountered by museum-goers.
Amphoras and the ancient wine trade
Female heads on Greek, South Italian, and Sicilian vases from the sixth to the third century B. C. as representations of Persephone/Kore
Comic angels and other approaches to Greek drama through vase-paintings
Greek vase-painting and the origins of visual humour
The history of Greek vases : potters, painters and pictures
Corpus vasorum antiquorum. Fasc. 3, The Netherlands : Allard Pierson Museum, University of Amsterdam : Black-figure, pattern and six technique lekythoi
Approaches to the study of Attic vases : Beazley and Pottier
Corpus vasorum antiquorum. Great Britain. Fasc. 22, Aberdeen University − Marischal Museum collection
Corpus vasorum antiquorum. Fasc. 2, Sweden : Stockholm, Medelhavsmuseet and Nationalmuseum
Take a walk on the wild side : the behaviour, attitude and identity of women approached by satyrs on Attic red-figure vases from 530 to 400 BC
Personifications of abstract concepts is a distinctive feature of Greek poetry from the time of Homer and of Greek art from the early sixth century. In this iconographical study, centered on Attic vase-painting, all the representations are studied against the background of the literary tradition and the evidence for cult worship of personified divinities.
Corpus vasorum antiquorum : Great Britain. Fasc. 23, Reading Museum Service (Reading Borough Council)
The Kleophrades painter : revised 1944 and 1948
The art of vase-painting in classical Athens
Greek vases from the Buffalo Museum of Science : life's possessions : treasures from Hades
Homer and the artists : text and picture in early Greek art
Athenian black figure vases, a handbook
The colors of clay : special techniques in Athenian vases
Ancient Greek pottery
The Meidias painter
Greek vases in the J. Paul Getty museum
A comprehensive study of visual humour in ancient Greece, with special emphasis on works created in Athens and Boeotia. Alexandre Mitchell brings an interdisciplinary approach to this topic, combining theories and methods of art history, archaeology, and classics with the anthropology of humour, and thereby establishing new ways of looking at art and visual humour in particular. Understanding what visual humour was to the ancients and how it functioned as a tool of social cohesion is only one facet of this study. Mitchell also focuses on the social truths that his study of humour unveils: democracy and freedom of expression, politics and religion, Greek vases and trends in fashion, market-driven production, proper and improper behaviour, popular versus elite culture, carnival in situ, and the place of women, foreigners, workers, and labourers within the Greek city.
Corpus vasorum antiquorum. Fasc. 6, The Netherlands : Allard Pierson Museum, University of Amsterdam : East Greek, Boeotian, Lacconian and Chalcidian pottery, a Caeretan Hydria & Campana Dinos
Athenian vase construction : a potter's analysis
Corinth : results of excavations conducted by the American School of Classical Studies at Athens. Vol. 7, Part 2, Archaic Corinthian pottery and the Anaploga well
The red-figured vases of Apulia. Vol. 2, Late Apulian
Attic red-figured and white-ground pottery
Aiani and upper Macedonia : athletics in antiquity
Massapien painted pottery : analysis and provirory classification
Corpus vasorum antiquorum. Fasc. 2 : Amsterdam, Allard Pierson Museum, University of Amsterdam : attic black-figure drinking-cups
Corinthian vase-painting of the Archaic period
Corpus vasorum antiquorum. Great Britain. Fasc. 21, Harrow School
Attic red-figured vases in American museums
The Pronomos Vase and its context
Attic black-figure vase-painters
Greek vases : the Athenians and their images
Kamares : a study of the charater of palatial Middle Minoan pottery
The parallel worlds of classical art and text
The dark age pottery of Messenia
Pots & plays : interactions between tragedy and Greek vase-painting of the fourth century B.C
A magnificent and important pair of monumental imperial porcelain vases : Monday 28 November 2011, London = Velikolepnaâ i značimaâ para veličestvennyh farforovnyh vaz
The Achilles painter
The late Mannerists in Athenian vase-painting
On Corinthian iconography : the bridled winged horse and the helmeted female head in the sixth century BC
Corpus vasorum antiquorum. Great Britain. Fasc. 24, Oxford Ashmolean Museum. Fascicule 4
Greek vases : gods, heroes and mortals
Corinthian vase-painting of the Archaic period. 3, Indexes, concordances and plates
Corpus vasorum antiquorum. Fasc. 4, The Netherlands : Allard Pierson Museum, University of Amsterdam : Red-figure and white-ground lekythoi
