http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21024 game industry
game industry
Abstract.
The success factors of the Finnish mobile game industry : a strategic overview : cases Rovio & Supercell
Online game pioneers at work : interviews with some of the top online game pioneers of our times
The Chinese mobile game market
With an increasing use of vido games in various disciplines within the scientific community, this book seeks to understand the nature of effective games and to provide guidance for how best to harness the power of gaming technology to successfully accomplish a more serious goal.
"This book takes a look at the games industry from a gendered perspective and highlights the variety of ways in which women remain underrepresented in this industry"--
Video game : from software to experience
The playing Finn : stories on successful game development and music export
Replay : the history of video games
Game over : how Nintendo zapped an American industry, captured your dollars and enslaved your children
Conceptual design methods for game sound
A comprehensive overview of the evolution of video games covering topics such as, "Atari revolution;" "rise of cartridge-based consoles;" American video game industry; international video game industry; "Apple Mac;" "Nintendo Entertainment System;" Sega video games; PlayStation video games; and "girl gaming"
Video game policy : production, distribution, and consumption
Factors contributing to the buying decision of pc and video games : and their weight in the buying decision process
Launching and Marketing a Mobile Game : Strategy and Consumer Perceptions
Challenges in the development of video game sequels: a study on video game postmortems
Serious game design and development : technologies for training and learning
Mobile & social game design : monetization methods and mechanics
Business games for management and economics : learning by playing
Pervasive games : theory and design
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
Producing games : from business and budgets to creativity and design
Why games are good for business : how to leverage the power of serious games, gamification and simulations
Video game marketing : a student textbook
Strategies of social screen play(ers) across the ecosystem of play: toys, games and hybrid social play in technologically mediated playscapes
Gender divide and the computer game industry
Game Production and Role of Game Producer : Case study: Research on demographic of gamers in Hanoi, Vietnam
A game theoretic simulation model for quality oriented timber supply to sawmills
"Interviews with some of the top online game pioneers of our times" .
Multichannel multimarket media services : dynamic media business models, value chains and ecosystems
"The games industry is serious business and the role of a games designer has dramatically changed over just the last few years. Developers now have to rethink everything they know about the creative, technical and business challenges to adapt to the transition to games as a service. Games as a Service: How Free to Play Design Can Make Better Games has been written to help designers overcome many of the fears and misconceptions surrounding freemium and social games. It provides a framework to deliver better games rather than the 'evil' or 'manipulative' experiences some designers fear with the move away from wasteful Products to sustainable, trustworthy Services. Games as a Service features: - Step-by-Step guide to ethical social and freemium game design principles - Product Design techniques to help create commercial games without compromising fun - The Role of the Player Lifecycle from Discovery, Learning, Engaging, and Churning - End-of-chapter exercises providing a design framework for Game As A Service - Companion website (www.GamesAsAService.net) for designers to share ideas"--Back cover.
Industry life-cycle theory in the cultural domain : dynamics of the games industry
Video Game Design is a visual introduction to integrating core design essentials, such as critical analysis, mechanics and aesthetics, prototyping, level design, into game design.
The Kobold guide to board game design
Fun Inc. : why games are the twenty-first century's most serious business
Game over : how Nintendo conquered the world
Women in game development : breaking the glass level-cap
Challenges in game development : Playtesting and prototyping as important steps in game development
Computer and video game law : cases, statutes, forms, problems & materials
Break into the game industry : how to get a job making video games
Best before : videogames, supersession and obsolescence
Questions and answers (on game innovation)
How do video games resonate with players to become worldwide hits? This practical book shows you how the right combination of story elements, psychology, and game theory can generate emotionally charged experiences that take players beyond mindless entertainment.
Gamers at work : stories behind the games people play
Cinematic game secrets for creative directors and producers : inspired techniques from industry legends
The game production handbook
Vintage games : an insider look at the history of Grand Theft Auto, Super Mario, and the most influential games of all time
Proceedings of Digra Nordic 2012 : Local and global - games in culture and society
Finnish game developers' perception on public and private funding sources : a survey analysis
Game localization : translating for the global digital entertainment industry
The game of developing a game : hobbyist game developers as playful entrepreneurs in the Apple App Store
A practical guide to indie game marketing
The game localization handbook
Changing faces of game innovation : GaIn and GIIP research project report
Production pipeline fundamentals for film and game
Becoming a video game artist : from portfolio design to landing the job
Analysis of player progression in digital games
Business model of gaming platforms : redefining Atari business model
Video games around the world
Millennial monsters : Japanese toys and the global imagination
Games as a service : how free2play design can make better games
On the way to fun : an emotion-based approach to successful game design
Game design workshop : a playcentric approach to creating innovative games
Adding value through in-house customer support in the video game industry : case : Gaming Corporate X
This innovative book provides transdisciplinary analyses of the nature and dynamics of digital game environments whilst tackling the existing fragmentation of academic research. Digital game environments are of increasing economic, social and cultural value. As their influence on diverse facets of life grows, states have felt compelled to intervene and secure some public interests. Yet, the contours of a comprehensive governance model are far from recognisable and governments are grappling with the complexity and fluidity of online games and virtual worlds as private spaces and as experimentation fields for creativity and innovation. This book contributes to a more comprehensive and fine-grained understanding of digital game environments, which is a precondition for addressing any of the pressing governance questions posed. Particular attention is given to the concept and policy objective of cultural diversity, which also offers a unique entry point into the discussion of the appropriate legal regulation of digital games. This book will be of interest to researchers of media law, internet law and governance, cultural studies, anthropology and sociology. As the book addresses a highly topical theme, it will attract the attention of policymakers at national, regional and international levels and will also serve as a great resource tool for scholars in new media and in particular digital games and virtual worlds.
Console wars : Sega, Nintendo and the battle that defined a generation
Connecting video games as a solution for the growing video game markets
The almost well done game project : case atudy of the anti-patterns in the development process of Urban Empire
Dynamic aspects of business models in mobile game companies
Collective redundancies in the State of California of the United States and the Republic of Finland : Procedures and provisions
The realm of games : how a small Nordic nation became an industry giant
Addiction by Design : machine gambling in Las Vegas
Art unknown : raw diamonds from the frozen wasteland
Stock price reactions on M&A, dividends and game releases : evidence from gaming industry
Producer in a Game Project : A Game Producer’s Workflow Case: Under
Characteristics of games
Games as services : final report
Four stories of superwomen : manifestations of feminine charasteristics in succesful leading of animation productions
Protecting the business of a gaming company
Power-up : how Japanese video games gave the world an extra life
The quality of life in the Finnish game industry
Governance of digital game environments and cultural diversity : Transdisciplinary enquiries
The video game business
Video game design : principles and practices from the ground up
The videogames industry is a key international cultural force, and game players are far more diverse than the traditional idea of 'toys for teenage boys'. Randy Nichols' study examines the processes of production, ties to other industries, and the nature of employment in the videogames industry.
The Chinese Mobile Game Market
The gameful world : approaches, issues, applications
Designing game services
"This book takes a look at the games industry from a gendered perspective and highlights the variety of ways in which women remain underrepresented in this industry"--Provided by publisher.
Team leadership in the game industry
Designing games : a guide to engineering experiences
A design approach on tactile gloves for commercial usage in the video game industry
A game-playing perspective on industry level megachange : an analysis of concentration in the Finnish forest sector 1985-1995
The role of business model in computer game development organizations
Summary.
Abstract: Launching and marketing a mobile game : strategy and consumer perceptions. As indicated by the title, the focus of this thesis is on both launching and marketing a mobile game. It aims to understand the consumer and its perceptions, the optimal marketing mix, and the most efficient way of launching a mobile game. All of this is applied in a real world setting, using the up-and-coming mobile gaming company Boomlagoon as an example. The marketing mix, consumer decision making process, lean startup method, and chasm are all concepts which are taken into consideration throughout the thesis. They act as the basis for methodology. Both in-depth interviews and a questionnaire are used to collect data. The research conducted is limited by sample size, due to the lack of resources available to the thesis author. In an optimal setting, the methodology applied in this thesis would contain more participants and research methods, in order to cross reference data and gain more depth to the information inferred. Overall, the results indicate that Boomlagoon is on the right track. However, applying the theories and concepts reviewed throughout the thesis, while not guaranteeing success, should at least aid the company in understanding their consumer, developing marketing efforts, and effectively launching their product.
The game rules of content potection [i.e.] protection
The formation of gaming culture : UK gaming magazines 1981-1995
Inside the video game industry : game developers talk about the business of play
Innovation and marketing in the video game industry : avoiding the performance trap
Tetris : the games people play
Korean screen cultures : interrogating cinema, tv, music and online games
How visual artists find employment in the Finnish game industry
Play Finland : history of the Finnish video games industry
Articles on experiences. 4, Digital media & games
Human computer interaction in game design
In life, uncertainty surrounds us. Things that we thought were good for us turn out to be bad for us (and vice versa); people we thought we knew well behave in mysterious ways; the stock market takes a nosedive. Thanks to an inexplicable optimism, most of the time we are fairly cheerful about it all. But we do devote much effort to managing and ameliorating uncertainty. Is it any wonder, then, asks Greg Costikyan, that we have taken this aspect of our lives and transformed it culturally, making a series of elaborate constructs that subject us to uncertainty but in a fictive and nonthreatening way? That is: we create games. In this concise and entertaining book Costikyan argues that games require uncertainty to hold our interest, and that the struggle to master uncertainty is central to their appeal. Game designers, he suggests, can harness the idea of uncertainty to guide their work. Costikyan explores the many sources of uncertainty in many sorts of games -- from Super Mario Bros. to Rock/Paper/Scissors, from Monopoly to CityVille, from FPS Deathmatch play to Chess. He describes types of uncertainty, including performative uncertainty, analytic complexity, and narrative anticipation. And he suggest ways that game designers who want to craft novel game experiences can use an understanding of game uncertainty in its many forms to improve their designs.
Research practices on product development for Grey Brain Ltd
Brand equity of digital games : the influence of product brand and consumer experiences as sources of unique value
Uncertainty in games
The video game industry : formation, present state, and future
Launching and marketing a mobile game : strategy and consumer perceptions
