http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21049 womanisers
womanisers
Shipwrecked in Okinawa, Sarasa has met Doctor Basho, who has healed her eyes, and Shuri, who has fled a coup in Sanyo. Together, they must help stop a plot to kill Okinawa's president and protect the independent nation from invasions / WorldCat.
The extraordinary adventures of Adèle Blanc-Sec. Volume 1, Terror over Paris and the Eiffel tower demon
The secret history of Wonder Woman
The Red King's forces have been defeated. The twisted Blue King is dead. Just as the rebellion gains momentum, shocking news distracts Sarasa-- her mother is alive and General Kazan's prisoner! Setting their larger goals aside, 'Tatara's' allies unite in a quest to rescue Tatara's mother / WorldCat.
Ink-stained amazons and cinematic warriors : superwomen in modern mythology
The northern rebels have sent a terrifying message, but Sarasa is determined to make contact with them and retrieve her missing ally Hayato. Unfortunately, Sarasa not only fails, but she and her comrades find themselves in a bizarre underground prison / WorldCat.
Television antiheroines : women behaving badly in crime and prison drama
A post-apocalyptic story of how a young girl becomes "the child of destiny" and finds the strength to free her people and to seek revenge for the death of her brother / WorldCat.
Harley Quinn and Power Girl
Badass bitches, damsels in distress, or something in between? : representation of female characters in superhero action films
The extraordinary adventures of Adèle Blanc-Sec. Volume 2, The mad scientist and Mummies on parade
"Byronic Heroes in Nineteenth-Century Women's Writing and Screen Adaptation charts a new chapter in the changing fortunes of a unique cultural phenomenon. This book examines the afterlives of the Byronic hero through the work of nineteenth-century women writers and screen adaptations of their fiction. It is a timely reassessment of Byron's enduring legacy during the nineteenth century and beyond, focusing on the charged and unstable literary dialogues between Jane Austen, Elizabeth Gaskell, George Eliot and a Romantic icon whose presence takes centre stage in recent screen adaptations of their most celebrated novels. The broad interdisciplinary lens employed in this book concentrates on the conflicted rewritings of Byron's poetry, his 'heroic' protagonists, and the cult of Byronism in nineteenth-century novels from Pride and Prejudice to Middlemarch, and extends outwards to the reappearance of Byronic heroes on film and in television series over the last two decades."--
Wonder women : feminisms and superheroes
Sasara is finally ready to take the fight to the Red King, but she doesn't know who he really is. On the eve of battle, Sasara and Shuri reunite and are finally able to express their true feelings, but will they reveal their true identities to each other / WorldCat.
A heartbroken baker and a charming but womanizing tour guide embark on an experiment to prove their respective gender's quality and trustworthiness while regaining self-respect, only to become the subject of gossip in their small hometown.
Delilah Dirk and the turkish lieutenant
"I will be a goddess to those I slay" : 'Gender* and 'power' in Anne Rice's The Vampire Lestat and the Queen of the Damned
Sweeter with you
Byronic heroes in nineteenth-century women's writing and screen adaptation
A brief history of the Amazons : women warriors in myth and history
The warrior women of television : a feminist cultural analysis of the new female body in popular media
A story about a girl, Sarasa, the leader of a small community of people in Japan, sometime after the collapse of material culture at the end of Twentieth century. She has decided to fight with the rival clan to revenge her killed brother. However, she falls in love with her enemy's son / WorldCat.
Ms. Marvel. Vol. 6, Civil War II
Sisältää myös lisämateriaalia, mm. dokumentin The making of About a boy.
Best of my love
The secret history of Wonder woman
This charming man
Gender, nation, narration : critical readings of cultural phenomena
̈With actress Pam Grier's breakthroughs in Coffy and Foxy Brown, women entered action, science fiction, war, westerns and martial arts films--genres that had previously been considered the domain of male protagonists. This ground-breaking cinema is still viewed with ambivalence. This work examines five female archetypes: dominatrix, Amazon, daughter, mother and rape-avenger ̈--Provided by publisher
The little book of Wonder Woman
History of my life
The Mambo Kings play songs of love
Wonder Woman : The true amazon
In the aftermath of the failed attempt to rescue her mother from General Kazan (now dead), Sasara must cope with the loss of allies and her new blindness / WorldCat.
The nutty professor
A brief history of the amazons : women warriors in myth and history
About a boy
After Sarasa and Shuri are separated in the flood, a shocking battle takes place and important secrets are revealed. In Seiran, Sarasa helps the rebels with the flood recovery effort and is reminded that no matter how hard she pretends otherwise she is still an ordinary girl / WorldCat.
The extraordinary adventures of Adèle Blanc-Sec. Volume 1, Pterror over Paris and The Eiffel tower demon
Don Jon
The unbeatable Squirrel Girl beats up the Marvel Universe!
Secretly taking her brother's identity, Sarasa must gain support as the 'Boy of Destiny.' Remarkably, she and her followers not only survived being surrounded by the Red King's forces, they emerged victorious. Now Sarasa and Shuri have been captured on their way to the Blue King's capita / WorldCat.
Black Widow : the itsy-bitsy spider
Nemo : river of ghosts
Delilah Dirk and the king's shilling
The Mambo Kings
Artemisia Gentileschi : the image of the female hero in Italian baroque art
"George R.R. Martin's acclaimed seven-book fantasy series A Song of Ice and Fire is unique for its strong and multi-faceted female protagonists, from teen queen Daenerys, scheming Queen Cersei, child avenger Arya, knight Brienne, Red Witch Melisandre, and many more. The Game of Thrones universe challenges, exploits, yet also changes how we think of women and gender, not only in fantasy, but in Western culture in general. Divided into three sections addressing questions of adaptation from novel to television, female characters, and politics and female audience engagement within the GoT universe, the interdisciplinary and international lineup of contributors analyze gender in relation to female characters and topics such as genre, sex, violence, adaptation, and fan fictions and fan reviews. The genre of fantasy was once considered a primarily male territory with male heroes. Women of Ice and Fire shows how the GoT universe challenges, exploits, and reimagines gender and why it holds strong appeal to female readers, audiences, and online participants"--
Faith. Vol. 1, Hollywood and vine
Black Widow. Vol. 1, S.H.I.E.L.D.'s most wanted
Wonder Woman. Vol 1, The lies
Wonder Woman : Earth one. Volume one
Dangerous curves : action heroines, gender, fetishism, and popular culture
Wonder Woman : the true amazon
Although Abashiri Prison has strained Sarasa's spirit, she must somehow survive more intrigues and gain allies before returning south. Back in Sanyo, a heartbreaking story unfolds as the rebels risk espionage to unseat King Ukon's harsh magistrate Momonoi / WorldCat.
Women of ice and fire : gender, Game of thrones, and multiple media engagements
Heroes and legends of fin-de-siècle France : gender, politics, and national identity
After saving Okinawa from invasion, Sarasa and Shuri must go their separate ways. The revelation of Sarasa's true gender does not lose her any friends, but it brings a horrifying message from Tatara's envoys / WorldCat.
The life and times of Martha Washington in the twenty-first century
Super bitches and action babes : the female hero in popular cinema, 1970-2006
Sarasa's plan to attract King Ukon's magistrate away from her allies pays off, but not without a price. She finds herself questioning her identity as the dawn of a critical battle approaches / WorldCat.
