http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21084 epitaphs
epitaphs tombstone inscriptions
This volume is concerned with the monumental stone inscriptions from Spain and Gaul during the period from 300 to 750 AD, and therefore the vast majority of these inscriptions are Christian and Latin in origin, with a few Jewish and Greek ones as well. Inscriptions make up the largest body of surviving written material from this period, but this is a relatively ignored area of research. This study attempts to use this large body of evidence in order to better understand the cultural, social and religious history of these regions during the period in question. Handley begins by introducing Christian epigraphy and places the relevant Gallic and Spanish material in the context of the Latin West. He also discusses the ideas held about death and funerary inscriptions that were held in this period, and he is interested in the changes that occurred after Christianity became the official religion of the Roman Empire, as well as what happened after the fall of the Empire itself.
The tomb chamber of Ḫsw the Elder : the inscribed material at Kom El-Ḥisa. Part 1, Illustrations
The secret of the cold coffin
Archaeology of the hidden Qumran : the new paradigm
Two monsoons : the life and death of Europeans in India
Qasr Ibrim : the Greek and Coptic inscriptions ; published on behalf of the Egypt exploration society
Reading the past : ancient writing from cuneiform to the alphabet
For his ka : essays offered in memory of Klaus Baer
Ancient Jewish epitaphs : an introductory survey of a millennium of Jewish funerary epigraphy (300 BCE - 700 CE)
Latin inscriptions and the life course : Regio III (Bruttium and Lucania) as a test case
Fourth-century Attic grave epigrams reflect a transitional phase in the evolution of the genre of epigram. They testify to a shift of interest towards social issues such as the family, the deceased's age and profession. In a turbulent period of restlessness and uncertainty that followed the devastating Peloponnesian war, the commemoration of the departed in private monuments became an effective mechanism of displaying publicly a new set of social concerns. It is within these contexts that special emphasis has been put on the composition of sepulchral epigrams, their gradual autonomization and sophistication. This book explores this decisive phase in the evolution of the epigram by reconstructing as many ancient contexts as possible on the one hand, and studying sepulchral epigrams as a poetic art on the other.
Ancient marriage in myth and reality
Roman military tombstones
Writing the dead : death and writing strategies in the Western tradition
Cut These Words into My Stone offers evidence that ancient Greek life was not only celebrated in great heroic epics, but was also commemorated in hundreds of artfully composed verse epitaphs. They have been preserved in anthologies and gleaned from weathered headstones. Ancient Greek epitaphs honor the lives, and often describe the deaths, of a rich cross section of Greek society, including people of all ages and classes- paupers, fishermen, tyrants, virgins, drunks, foot soldiers, generals-and some non-people-horses, dolphins, and insects. With brief commentary and notes, this bilingual collection of 127 short, witty, and often tender epigrams spans 1,000 years of the written word.
The ancient Egyptian coffin texts. 1, Volume I : Spells 1-354
The Medici secret
Wangshan no. 1 & 2 Chu Tombs : bamboo slip manuscripts
Cut these words into my stone : ancient Greek epitaphs
The epigraphy of death : studies in the history and society of Greece and Rome
Tombstones provide the largest single category of epigraphical evidence from the ancient world. However, epigraphy - the study of inscriptions - remains, for many students of history and archaeology, an abstruse subject. By marrying epigraphy and death, the contributors to this collection hope to encourage a wider audience to consider the importance of inscribed tombstones.
Inscribing sorrow : fourth-century Attic funerary epigrams
Quoting death in early modern England : the poetics of epitaphs beyond the tomb
The Samhan period in Korean history
The shrines of Tut-Ankh-Amon
Epitaphs : a dying art
Excavating the afterlife : the archaeology of early Chinese religion
The tombstone inscriptions uncovered by Abraham Firkovich in the Crimea in the 1830s-1840s in the light of their squeeze copies recently rediscovered in St. Petersburg
Stories in stone : a field guide to cemetery symbolism and iconography
Monumental messages : Latin inscriptions on tombstones and church bells in medieval Sweden
Epitah coats of arms in Tallinn Dome Church
Conservatism or Novelty : a Study of Pre-Constantine Christian Epitaphs
Epitaph culture in the West : variations on a theme in cultural history
Death, society and culture : inscriptions and epitaphs in Gaul and Spain, AD 300-750
The ancient Egyptian coffin texts. 2, Volume II : Spells 355-787
Demotic and Greek-Demotic mummy labels and other short texts gathered from many publications (short texts II 278-1200)
A small book of grave humour
A study of the sepulchral inscriptions in Buecheler's "Carmina epigraphica Latina
The rediscovery of Kaya in history and archaeology
