http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2108 events
events incidents
"Events Feasibility and Development: From Strategy to Operations" answers two fundamental questions faced by all events planners and organisers: 'how do I justify this event to the client?' and 'why are we spending money on this event?' With a user-friendly learning structure containing bullet points, questions and exercises and international case studies (Australian Taxation Office, Saudi Arabian events returns, Fuji-Xerox events), "Events Feasibility and Development: From Strategy to Operations" looks at issues such as: The process of creating a feasibility study; Events forecasting models and cost/benefit analysis; Types of events (exhibitions, sports, festivals) and their benefits and returns; Project management tools for measuring return on investment; Presents tools, techniques and arguments for justifying expenditure on event and festivals; Guides the reader through the project management process moulding existing models of cost benefit analysis for the events industry; and, International case study material is used throughout to add practical insight and support theory.
Events play an important role in the hospitality industry. Nowadays it is not just companies that organise events with professional help. As there are fewer milestone events in people's lives they are willing to spend large amounts of money to personal events such as weddings and anniversaries.  This thesis was done as a project based case study. It concentrates on successful event planning and organising from the point of view of an Internet based planned off-premises catering wedding in Spain. The wedding took place 21.9.2007 in a rural villa, and is described in the project in appendix 1.  The motivation for the thesis was both to assist on friend's wedding and to summaries the author's hospitality management studies and tests her abilities as an event coordinator in a real life project.   The primary objective was to a successful even, which can be used as a tool for future events. A secondary object was to examine what kind of challenges working with the Internet as a main booking tool brings. In addition the thesis examines special events and goes deeper into today's wedding trends and compares Finnish and Belgian wedding traditions.  The project, including the implementation and research, took nearly two years. There were many sources used and they provided the back ground for the product, the wedding plan. The results of the thesis as well as the product were conducted satisfactory and all objectives met.
Shared space : music, weather, politics : new approaches to scenography : Prague Quadrennial 2015
Development And Marketing Guideline Plan for Reiska Tournament
Technology and events : how to create engaging events
Facets of contemporary event management : theory & practice for event success
Events feasibility and development : from strategy to operations
Sport, recreation and tourism event management : theoretical and practical dimensions
Organising a multicultural event : case: Erasmus IP 2010: Innovative Approaches in Multicultural Tourism Education
Traveller and fan identities of the Finnish football fans
Resource Efficiency of Mass Events
Event studies : theory, research and policy for planned events
This thesis is a written report on the event management process of the annual corporate client event of GNT Finland in October 2008. The emphasis in the project description lies in the implementation of the event theme "Hevi Horror". The thesis is commissioned by the Event Management company responsible for the event supervision and production: BSG Marketing Ltd / Eventgarden. The report is written in the perspective of the author who serves as the event manager and producer of the event. The report is divided into an introduction giving an overview of the project and its broader frame, the theoretical frame of reference and the project description providing a detailed overview of the work involved, the project results and the project evaluation and analysis. The project is described based on the logical order of the theoretical part of the report: from the event analysis phase, over the event planning and implementation phase to the event evaluation. The analysis phase was carried out starting in March 2008, planning and implementation of the event was done from that time until the actual event on 3.10.2008 and the event evaluation process lasted until February 2009. Key results of the project describe the implementation of the event theme throughout all event elements: the event venue, sounds, lights and audiovisuals, the event entertainment and activities, the event catering and the event décor and props. The author describes in detail the results of the design of the overall event atmosphere, as well as the sourcing process for all related suppliers. A critical evaluation of the event management process is given in the last part of the thesis report. The author presents suggestions for improvement within in the own completion of tasks. For the commissioning party the report can serve as a guideline for improving the internal project management, particularly regarding the supplier sourcing process.
Memories symbols and festivals
Conferences and conventions : a global industry
Live entertainment is currently one of the few vital components of the music industry as it struggles to survive in the XXI century and conform to the drastic changes on the music market. Music events occur in great amount on a daily basis and it is important to plan and produce them in the right manner in order to stay relevant and secure one's place on the market. This report introduces various crucial matters that require attention during event organization process, such as marketing and strategic planning, communication and promotion, risk management, event programming and capacity management, to name a few. The 5-phase project management model is applied as the base on which this thesis is built. The research is conducted by comparing the theoretical and practical approach used in the music event business. The practical approach is based on examinations and interviews with the world market leader in live entertainment – Live Nation. An additional analysis of practices used in other large and successful music events in Europe and USA is also conducted. As this thesis shows, the practical approach is often easier and less rigorous than the theory. Some of the steps in this process may be simply omitted due to being considered of little relevance by the management team, many other are outsourced to professional agencies depending on requirements (security, catering). It becomes evident how important it is to be innovative and always stay up to date with the state of the market in order to organize the most successful events.
Numberland : the world in over 2000 figures and facts
How to succesfully produce an event  : Case study: Sunset Beach Party 2009 -festival
Organizing successful tournaments
Implementing and communicating the theme of a corporate client event : case: GNT Finland client event 2008 - "Hevi Horror"
Britannica book of the year. 2004
Organising successful events : case: Off-premises wedding in Spain
Events exposed : managing and designing special events
Three different events held in the area of Itä-Uusimaa, Finland
Events and festivals research methods and trends
Hallmark tourist events : impacts, management and planning
Culture for children in an old ironworks environment
Experience events : A theoretical research and compilation of tools for a handbook developed for events associated with Intotalo, Kajaani
Exhibitor satisfaction research : case: Free Time -exhibition
Events : from start to finish
Together and apart : all-Nordic folk dance events before 1975
Tapahtuman visuaalinen ilme : Case: KouVogue - Fashion in Concert
Britannica book of the year. 2006
Meri Valvoo & Pallomeri : ethico-aesthetic interventions in public space
Organizing a Business Russian course in Budapest
One of the most eagerly anticipated events on the sports calendar, the 15th edition of the UEFA European Championship will take place between June 10 and July 10 2016 in France, when, for the first time ever, 24 teams will fight it out for the most prestigious international prize in the European game. This book covers every aspect of the tournament, from how the bid was won and an overview of the venues to be used to an assessment of how the teams got there, a comprehensive analysis of their chances of success, a full breakdown of players expected to grab the headlines and a thorough examination of the event’s fascinating history (including biographies of the leading players of the tournament). Packed full of facts and statistics and beautifully illustrated with a superb collection of photographs, this book is suitable for fans of all ages and is the perfect accompaniment to the year's biggest soccer event.
A visit to the bazaar
The Meeting professional
A Study on Event Management : Case: Tomatkarnevalen
FUNCTIONAL ANALYSIS OF THE OGUN FESTIVAL IN ONDO, NIGERIA
Arctic Design Week as an attractive tourism product
Customer needs and wants for organizing children celebrations in Helsinki Metropolitan area
Development plan for the Ruka Disc Golf Park
Abstract: .
The good inn : an illustrated screen story of historical fiction
Britannica book of the year. 1999
Powerful exhibit marketing : the complete guide to successful trade shows, conferences and consumer shows
How to market tourist attractions, festivals and special events : a practical guide to maximising visitor attendance and income
The other Hong Kong report 1995
From sea to shining sea : places that shaped America
UEFA Euro 2016 France : the official book
International Marketing Plan of International Sibelius Festival 2015
Providing a comprehensive, in-depth analysis of the international conference industry, “Conferences and Conventions: A Global Industry Second Edition” examines the industry's origins, structure, economics, career opportunities, and future development. It also explains its links with the wider tourism industry. Now in its second edition, it is packed with a wealth of new international case studies covering the city of Melbourne, Queen Elizabeth II conference centre, London, Abu Dhabi, MCI Group, the Scottish Exhibition and Conference Centre, Glasgow and team San Jose, California. It also has new sections on: market segmentation and web marketing; conference and event budgeting; technology and communications, from video conferencing to web casting and pod casting; and corporate social responsibility and sustainable and green events. "Conferences and Conventions: A Global Industry" is illustrated with case studies and examples from around the world, including Great Britain, Canada, Australasia, Dubai, Greece, Thailand, South Africa, USA, Austria and many other destinations. It also provides challenging and reflective questions at the end of each chapter so that readers can test their knowledge and think about the issues raised, accompanied by practical assignments. Tony Rogers is Executive Director of the British Association of Conference Destinations and Association of British Professional Conference Organisers, UK. This second edition, now in full colour, is packed with new case studies from Cyprus, India, Australia and Abu Dhabi (amongst others), as well as new material including web marketing, procurement and ROI and corporate social responsibility. It is endorsed by the British Associations of Conferences Destinations and Association of British Professional Conference Organizers. It provides user-friendly, accessible approach that actively helps the reader to absorb and understand information.
Organization of a large scale music event: planning and production
Special event production : the resources
Small budget music event production process  : case: Rock n’ Flow, NPITA Club
ORGANIZING A SMALL EVENT : Case: Launch Event of PR-material for Occupational Therapists
Building a creative city brand through an international mega-event : case: World Design Capital Helsinki 2012
Pre-event Social Media Marketing To Promote Ticket Sales : Case: Eläköön koirat!
The subject of this thesis was to arrange a welfare day in the school of Business and Information Management. The two development tasks were to give information on how to promote personal wellbeing and to organize a successful event, which marketing communications meet the target group. Two target groups were defined for the event. The first target group was the students of the School of Business and Information Management and the second target group was the staff. The main theme for the event consisted of three areas of wellbeing: physical, social and mental. Erja Korhonen, leader of the student welfare team in the School of Business and Information Management, assigned the thesis. The student welfare team was working in the background of this thesis. The thesis consists of discussion in physical, social and mental wellbeing. The theoretical foundation includes physical, mental and social wellbeing, event project organizing, project planning, executing, evaluating and terminating. Event marketing is also included in the theoretical foundation by being a part of project planning. In addition to the theoretical foundation, chapters 3, 4, 5 and 6 also review how this event was put into action. The feedback was gathered by using a simple feedback form with three questions. 90 filled feedback forms were returned. 86 of the participants had gotten at least some ideas on how to promote their personal wellbeing. 67 participants thought that the event content was comprehensive enough and only three did not think so. The internal information channel Oiva reached most of the students that participated the event. According to the feedback, the welfare day event was successful and both of the development tasks were completed. This welfare day event was the first to be organized in the spring and it turned out to be a good time for a refreshing event like this. Most of the stands had activities to take part in, which made them more interesting. Free samples and raffle prizes by the sponsors Valio, SATS, Neste Oil and Manninen Nutraceuticals gave extra value to the event. Where to locate the stands gives something to think about. If the stands should be located around the school, little signposts would help the participants to find them easily. This thesis report can be exploited when working on a new welfare day event.
Experience Events : A theoretical research and compilation of tools for a handbook developed for events associated with Intotalo, Kajaani
Opening of the Finnish exhibition on trans-atlantic migration via the UK
Impact survey : 2Ways Communicating Life Science Research
Event Management : Manual for Financial Practicalities
Special events : twenty-first century global event management
Markets of Provence : food, antiques, crafts, and more
Britannica book of the year. 2007
Event planning business : everything you need to start a successful business!
IIHF centennial ice rink : - documentation of a temporary ice rink project
Event : a philosophical journey through a concept
Traveling for Football Events : Supporters' Motivators and Restrictions
Britannica book of the year. 1997
Special events : best practices in modern event management
Management of event operations
Event management of a French Day
How to successfully manage dance-related business in a highly competitive environment
Pre-modern games in a modern world : a case of public festivals as rational recreation in 19th century Finland
London : the autobiography : 2000 years of the capital's history by those who saw it happen
Organization of a large scale music event : planning and production
The improbability principle : why coincidences, miracles and rare events happen all the time
Meetings and conventions : a planning guide
Satisfaction survey of music against drugs
The cool camping guide to festivals
Project management of an international golf event : case: The Finnish Amateru Championship
M&E : secrets of effective meetings & events
Planning and organising training events
Developing Events for the Polish-Finnish Association
How to organise awesome school events : systems, strategies and practical ideas to eliminate worry and quarantee success!
Forces of light ; Valon voimat ; Ljusets krafter
Marketing of Nice Run
HOSTING A MEMORABLE EVENT : Case: Food Festival in Ostrobothnia
Welfare Day in The School of Business and Information Management
Case Forssan Suvi-ilta : cohesion as a key element in building a voluntary sport event organization
People around the world
Picturing Future Events : Building a Visual Identity for a New Music Festival
Operational challenges in managing multicultural events; Finnish perspectives for potential companies
Event planning : the ultimate guide to successful meeting, corporate events, fundraising galas, conferences, conventions, incentives and other special events
Innovative marketing communications : strategies for the events industry
The influence of small events on charity work and volunteerism : A case study of famine in Somalia and Kenya
Fly : the art of the club flyer
Management of Porche Design VIP event: Case: Suomen Kultakello Oy
Planning and staging the backstage area as an integral part of event production and management on temporary venues
Meeting architecture : a manifesto
Complete idiot's guide to meeting and event planning
THE IMPACTS OF EVENT TOURISM ON HOST COMMUNITIES   : Case: the City of Pietarsaari
Events : a metaphysical study
Explores the use of technology to improve results on all kinds of events from initial planning stages right through to post event debriefing. This book provides all the solutions and tips on how to maximize the participation of your audience, cut costs and have better revenues from your events."
How to become a succesful event planner : a practical approach to starting and running your own event planning business from home
Suggestions for developing international events in Finland : Case study: SATOA Kuopio Food Festival
Kirjava Sastamala : ihmisen kokoinen = Beautiful and bookish Sastamala
ORGANISING LARGE EVENTS  : Case: WOMEN’S TEN FUN RUN IN ST.PETERSBURG
Building brand equity through sports event sponsorship : Qualitative study on the London Olympics 2012
Implementing and communicating the theme of a corporate client event : Case: GNT Finland client event 2008 - "Hevi Horror"
Technopolis Ecosystem and MoneyTalks® Events as a facilitator of Venture Capital Financing
Public engagement with research : a Viking TeaBreak
The Gamal
Development of sponsorship co-operation for sport events : case: Kainuun Liikunta
The business of event planning : behind-the-scenes secrets of successful special events
Erotic bible to Europe : from kinky to chic
New York in four seasons
Eyewitness to history : from ancient times to the modern era
Britannica book of the year. 1998
Frameworks for event fundraising in Alberta, Canada
History's daybook : a history of the world in 366 quotations
Encyclopedia of world events : eighty turning points in history
Insider' guide to Williamsburg and Virginia's historic triangle
Customer satisfaction of Nice Run
Exploring the elements for value co-creation in consumer information systems in B2B context : a case study on the business event industry
Development of Anticafe Concept in Finland
Sports event impact research process : best practices and challenges according to experienced researchers
Mobile marketing process of an international event : case : Falun 2015 FIS Nordic World Ski Championship
Developing A Sport Event- Should Vuokatti Hiihto Join In The Euroloppet?
Consumer behaviour in sport and events
Event tourism : definition, evolution, and research
Dynamic implementation in organizing an ice hockey tournament
Rabid : are you crazy about your dog or just crazy?
Developing a Sport Event : Case: Sport U20 Ice Hockey Team
Planning, producing and executing marketing for Leppävaara-viikko 2008
Design for special events : 500 of the best logos, invitations, and graphics presented by top design, Los Angeles (topdesign.com)
Britannica book of the year. 2000
The special features of organising an association event
Britannica book of the year. 2008
Routledge handbook of sports event management
Ticket Sales Analysis for Live Nation Spain
Project manager's work in organizing and managing Nice Run events
Introducing and Promoting the New Porvoo Campus in Educational Fairs
Case studies in festival and event marketing and cultural tourism
Facility management at events : case Tampere Film Festival
Impact of the Olympic Games upon the Touristic Sector of a Region
Social eats : food to impress your mates
The event marketing handbook : beyond logistics and planning
The event manager's bible : the complete guide to planning and organising a voluntary or public event
Britannica book of the year. 2003
Abstract.
Neste Oil Rally Spectator 2011 : profile, typology, satisfaction and willingness to recommend  the event
Increasing the Attractiveness of an Event : Case Oulu Days 2013
Britannica book of the year. 2005
Project management and product development in event services targeted to companies: case Jolly Dragon
Event marketing in car industry : case: Carfest
CELEBRATING THE PAST : Marketing and Development Plan for Rosenlund
BalticSeaNow.info : experiences in public involvement
Human resource management for events : managing the event workforce
Welfare day in the School of Business and Information Management
Event Planning
Eurovision song contest Helsinki 2007 : official program
Malta : a business travel destination for the Finnish market
Urban tourism in Istanbul : urban regeneration, mega-events and city marketing and branding
Event production and marketing : case Porvoo Campus Events 10.10.2010
An event can be an occurrence that shatters ordinary life, a radical political rupture, a transformation of reality, a religious belief, the rise of a new art form, or an intense experience such as falling in love. Taking us on a trip that stops at different definitions of event, Žižek addresses fundamental questions such as: Are all things connected? How much are we agents of our own fates? Which conditions must be met for us to perceive something as really existing? In a world that's constantly changing, is anything new really happening? Drawing on references from Plato to arthouse cinema, the Big Bang to Buddhism, Event is a journey into philosophy at its most exciting and elementary.
Britannica book of the year. 2002
Sports Event Management and Development : Case Tekojärvihölkkä
Coming events and information on travel in Finland
The olympics' strangest moments : extraordinary but true tales from the history of the Olympic games
Event marketing : case: Syystober 2011
100 events that made history : memorable moments that shaped the modern world
Organizing a monsoon wedding : case: Hotel Villa River Cat, Goa, India
Only war : final testament : roleplaying in the grim darkness of the 41st millennium
Tampere : candidate for European capital of culture 2011 : 2006-2011
The 'Viking apocalypse' of 22nd February 2014 : an analysis of the Jorvik Viking Centre's Ragnarǫk and its media reception
Summer-Helsinki. 2001 : Sights, attractions and events / [text: Aktivist]
Event : philosophy in transit
Britannica book of the year. 2001
How to Establish a Programme Service Company
History's turning points
Top 10 of everything 2012
