http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21033 theological ethics
theological ethics
Some issues in human sexuality : a guide to the debate : a discussion document from the House of Bishops' Group on issues in human sexuality
Faithfulness and fortitude : conversations with the theological ethics of Stanley Hauerwas
The world is facing inhumane and barbaric acts of terrorism which is destroying the peace and has become a major threat to world peace. The Islamic curriculum on peace and counter-terrorism provides resources from the Holy Qur'an, Hadith and authoritative books to provide a comprehensive ideological and theological counter narratives.
The topic of love and non-violence in Islam, in an environment imbued with intolerance, extremism and terrorism, is very significant. This book portrays how loving humanity and eliminating violence are key in all the Islamic teachings and are evident in the conduct of Allah's exalted Messenger. Islam eliminated hatred through love, terrorism through peace and ignorance through knowledge. This book portrays how love, peace and knowledge form the very essence of Islam.
Divine evil? : the moral character of the God of Abraham
Living for the future : theological ethics for coming generations
The ethical demand
Radical protestantism in Spinoza's thought
Evolution of hope : theological metaethics in the context of evolution
Respecting life : theology and bioethics
This book focuses on dealing with questions and concerns regarding long-term and sustainable peaceful relations between Muslims and non-Muslims, in both Muslim majority countries and also western countries where Muslims live as minorities. Dr Muhammad Tahir-ul-Qadri provides evidences and nuanced interpretations of the concepts 'The Abode of Islam, The Abode of Reconciliation, The Abode of Treaty, The Abode of Peace, and The Abode of War.' Clear definitions of these categories are offered, along with how different countries can and cannot be classified in each of these categories.
The Oxford handbook of theological ethics
The responsibility of the church for society and other essays
Philosophy of religion : an anthology
Relations of Muslims and non-Muslims
Christian ethics : an introduction
Quests for freedom : biblical-historical- contemporary
The hyphenated phrase 'in-visibility' indicates that the visible and the invisible are inseparable and yet in tension with each other. If originating from acts of (in)visibilization, both the visible and the invisible are ethically imbued. Whether we see or overlook each other, respect or dismiss another's dignity, remember or forget a history of crimes against humanity, our (over)sight has an impact on our interaction. What, then, is implied in seeing the human being as created in the image of an invisible God, as imago Dei? Which (re)sources in Judaism and Christianity can counter idolatry in the sense of cognitive captivity and experiences of abandonment after the Shoah? In addressing such questions, this book outlines an ethics of in-visibility in an interdisciplinary dialogue between philosophy and theology, cultural history, art and media theory, sociology, literary and gender studies. Contributors: Christina von Braun, Iben Damgaard, Daniel Dayan, Arne Grøn, Hannes Langbein, Paul Mendes-Flohr, Melissa Raphael, N. Verbin, Alana M. Vincent, Claudia Welz, Christian Wiese, Elliot R. Wolfson.
The problem of evil
The history and future of bioethics : a sociological view
Animal sacrifices : religious perspectives on the use of animals in science
Introduction to moral theology
Richard Hooker (1554-1600) is often credited with being the founding father of Anglican moral theology. This book is the first major study to examine in depth the extent to which this claim is justified, and to evaluate the nature of Hooker's contribution to this aspect of Anglican tradition. The study roots Hooker firmly within his own historical context and considers his text principally on its own terms; thus it avoids many of the problems that have bedevilled modern Hooker scholarship, particularly where attempts have been made to 'claim' him for one particular theological tradition over another, or to approach his work primarily with an eye to its continued relevance to contemporary debate within Anglicanism, both of which can lead to significant distortions in the way in which Hooker is read and interpreted. What emerges amounts to a significant re-evaluation of much of the conventional wisdom about Hooker's place within Anglicanism, as well as a range of original insights into the nature, content, and style of his work and its wider significance.
A companion to some issues in human sexuality
Truth and faith in ethics
Dirty hands : Christian ethics in a morally ambigiuous world
Islamic curriculum on peace and counter terrorism : for young people and students
Christianity and liberal society
Self, world, and time
Caring well : religion, narrative and health care ethics
Bioethics : a primer for Christians
A moral ontology for a theistic ethic : gathering the nations in love and justice
When 'love' strikes : social sciences, ethics and theology on family violence
Islam on serving humanity
Crisis and change : religion, ethics and theology under late modern conditions
Moral life gathers its shape, force and meaning in relation to an underlying sense of reality, imaginatively conceived. Significant contemporary writing in philosophy appeals to the concept of 'transcendence' to explore what is deepest in our moral experience, but leaves this notion theologically unspecified. This book reflects on the appeal to transcendence in ethics with reference to the Resurrection of Jesus. Bachelard argues that the Resurrection reveals that the ultimate reality in which human life is held is gracious, forgiving and reconciling, a Goodness that is 'for us'. Faith in this testimony transforms the possibilities of moral life, both conceptually and in practice. It invites our participation in a goodness experienced non-dualistically as grace, and so profoundly affects the formation of the moral self, the practice of moral judgement and the shape of moral concepts. From this perspective, contemporary philosophical discussion about 'transcendence' in moral thought is cast in a new light, and debates about the continuity between theological and secular ethics gain a thoroughly new dimension. Bachelard demonstrates that placing the Resurrection at the heart of our ethical reflection resonates with the deepest currents of our lived moral experience and transfigures our approach to moral life and thought.
The primacy of religious disposition in James M. Gustafson's Ethics from a theocentric perspective
Constructing ethical patterns in times of globalization : Hans Küng's global ethic project and beyond
Christ and the moral life
Worship and ethics : Lutherans and Anglicans in dialogue
Peace, integration & human rights
Questioning religious authority : a conceptual analysis of authority, its justification and use in the context of religious belief
This book presents the results of an intense multi-year international and interdisciplinary cooperation. In a multi-perspective approach, it develops the themes: Freedom and slavery (Ron Soodalter, Manfred Oeming, Elisabeth Schüssler Fiorenza, Katharina von Kellenbach); autonomy and concepts of freedom (Rüdiger Bittner, Peter Lampe, Cyril Hovorun, Risto Saarinen, Friederike Nüssel); freedom given and shaped by God (Patrick Miller, Beverly Gaventa, Larry Hurtado, Hans-loachim Eclctein); freedom as an ethos of belonging and solidarity (Jan Gertz, Jürgen van Oorschot, Dirk Smit, Jindrich Halama); freedom, human rights and theological orientation (Carver Yu, Susan Abraham, Francis Schüssler Fiorenza, Michael Welker).
From morality to metaphysics : the theistic implications of our ethical commitments
Habermas and theology
Theology : expanding the borders
Sammanfattning (summary in swedish)
A tangled web : medicine and theology in dialogue
The focus of this book is upon consciously and proactively serving those in need, be they of any colour, creed or religion. Islam admonishes those who fail to see and address the needs of the poor, weak, elderly, oppressed, orphans, widows, refugees, travelers and prisoners. All possible means of serving humanity have been highlighted by citing the example of the Holy Prophet Muhammad and that of pious members of the Muslim community; thereby directing the attention of modern-day Muslims to this crucial and forgotten asset of Islam.
Richard Hooker and Anglican moral theology
Prospects for theology in peacebuilding : a theological analysis of the just peace concept in the textual process towards an international ecumenial peace declaration, World Council of Churches 2008-2011
The Cambridge companion to Christian ethics
"With his theory of communicative rationality, Jürgen Habermas has been one of the most influential social philosophers of the 20th century and a major dialogue partner for theology in the different stages of his work. Systematic and practical theology, theory of religious education and theological ethics have offered creative receptions and astute critiques. The book explores Habermas's renewal of Critical Theory of the first generation of the Frankfurt School through his paradigm change from the philosophy of consciousness to language. His postmetaphysical understanding of philosophy and the foundations of his discourse ethics are followed up into his recent demand for a species ethics in critique of genetic enhancement. The philosophical critiques of his work that are relevant for theology are explained and the successive phases of his view of religion are traced: supersessionism, co-existence, and finally cooperation in offering specific resources and shared criteria for public debate on the future directions of a technologically shaped pluralist culture"--Publisher's site.
Body, soul, and bioethics
The supreme jihad
Character and the Christian life : a study in theological ethics
And you welcomed me : a sourcebook on hospitality in early Christianity
Intersections : science, theology, and ethics
Until justice and peace embrace : the Kuyper lectures for 1981 delivered at the Free University of Amsterdam
Medical ethics and the faith factor : a handbook for clergy and health-care professionals
Christians in society : Luther, the Bible, and social ethics
Disruptive Christian ethics : when racism and women's lives matter
Jihad, a word popularly translated by the media as 'holy war', provides the ideological underpinnings to violent extremists, while at the same time informs the average westerner that Islam is a religion that advocates violence and barbarism. And yet the famous saying of the Prophet Muhammad, while returning from battle, 'We have returned from the lesser jihad to the greater jihad' has ensured that to the majority of Muslims around the world, jihad primarily refers to the inner struggle against base desires, and the spiritual and moral endeavour to promote human values and achieve fairness and justice in society.
The depth of the human person : a multidisciplinary approach
Altruism and Christian ethics
Philosophy and theological discourse
Foundations of an African ethic : beyond the universal claims of western morality
Christianity and the rights of animals
The doctrine of God and theological ethics
Plants as persons : a philosophical botany
Ethics of in-visibility : Imago Dei, memory, and human dignity in Jewish and Christian thought
The Ethics of Jesus : the believer as salt and light
Nature as reason : a Thomistic theory of the natural law
Theology of money
Belief or nonbelief? : a confrontation
The analogy of grace : Karl Barth's moral theology
Moral discernment in the Christian life : essays in theological ethics
Bonhoeffer on the Christian life : from the cross, for the world
Holy ground : a liturgical cosmology
Paul Ricoeur and the poetic imperative : the creative tension between love and justice
Persons : human and divine
Islam on love and non-violence
God-relationships with and without God
The world is facing a great dilemma due to despicable, inhumane and barbaric acts of terrorism, indiscriminate killings, warfare, anarchy, disorder and suicide bombings over the past two decades. It is not only destroying the peace of any specific region, group or country but has become a major threat to world peace. Young People and Students living in various western countries who do not have conceptual clarity regarding Islam are wrongly considering terrorism and indiscriminate killing to be Jihad and are being drawn towards it. By quoting the Qur'an, hadith and texts from the books of Islamic Law out of context, they influence common Muslims who are not acquainted with the true teachings of Islam, especially youngsters. There is a need to provide authentic, comprehensive material against extremism to all people, from every walk of life, according to their needs, so that the conceptual and ideological confusions which may lead to terrorism can be eliminated. The  Islamic curriculum on peace and counter-terrorism was prepared for this purpose.
Abstract.
The pacifist option : the moral argument against war in Eastern Orthodox theology
Review: 'Far more than a discrete proposition, the resurrection of Jesus entails an imaginative world to be inhabited and cultivated-a world that would transform our moral stances by reframing the horizons and desires that shape and often distort our views of transcendence, self and neighbor, and death. Sarah Bachelard's Resurrection and Moral Imagination powerfully evokes such a world, yet does so by showing how the distinctive features of Christian imagination open up to and are deepened by sustained conversation across philosophical and theological boundaries. While skillfully conducting this conversation, Bachelard's own keen insights provide the reader with a rich sense of the Christian's resurrection ethic as a wisdom ethic.' Brian Robinette, Boston College, USA'More than any other book I have read, Resurrection and Moral Imagination brings the kind of moral philosophy first developed in the English-speaking world by Iris Murdoch, into critical dialogue with theology. In prose of enviable simplicity, with sensitivity, depth and sometimes startling originality, Bachelard explores the ways each needs the other.'Raimond Gaita, University of Melbourne, Australia'Innovative, lucid and sensitive, this is a genuinely fresh look at what is distinctive about the Christian moral vision, worked out in conversation with a variety of sympathetic but more secular voices, including Rai Gaita and Iris Murdoch. Sarah Bachelard is a really significant new voice in theological ethics.'Rowan Williams, Magdalene College, Cambridge, UK
The Merton annual : studies in culture spirituality and social concerns. Vol. 11
Prenatal diagnosis : confronting the ethical issues
Belief or nonbelief ? : a confrontation
Explorations in global ethics : comparative religious ethics and interreligious dialogue
Resurrection and moral imagination
From fantasy to faith : morality, religion and twentieth-century literature
Paul's way of knowing : story, experience and the spirit
Sin and selfish genes : Christian and biological narratives
Beyond universal reason : the relation between religion and ethics in the work of Stanley Hauerwas
St. Thomas Aquinas and the natural law tradition : contemporary perspectives
Contingency and fortune in Aquinas's ethics
Misguided morality : Catholic moral teaching in the contemporary church
The triumph of Abraham's God : the transformation of identity in Galatians
All things in relation to God : a critical analysis of James M. Gustafson's theocentric ethics
Abortion
Self, World, and Time takes up the question of the form and matter of Christian ethics as an intellectual discipline. What is it about? How does it relate to the humanistic faculties, especially philosophy, theology, and behavioral studies? How does its shape correspond to the shape of practical reason? In what way does it participate in the proclamation of the gospel of Jesus Christ? Oliver O'Donovan discusses these questions with self, world, and time as foundation poles of moral reasoning, and with faith, love, and hope as the virtues anchoring the moral life.
Applied ethics in religion and culture : contextual and global changes
This volume brings together leading theologians, biblical scholars, scientists, philosophers, ethicists, and others to explore the multidimensionality and depth of the human person. Moving away from dualistic (mind-body, spirit-flesh, natural-mental) anthropologies, the book's contributors examine human personhood in terms of a complex flesh-body-mind-heart- soul-conscience-reason-spirit spectrum. The Depth of the Human Person begins with a provocative essay on the question "Why is personhood conceptually difficult?" It then rises to the challenge of relating theological contributions on the subject to various scientific explorations. Finally, the book turns to contemporary theological-ethical challenges, discussing such subjects as human dignity, embodiment, gender stereotypes, and human personhood at the edges of life.
Reclaiming moral agency : the moral philosophy of Albert the Great
Aquinas and the Nicomachean ethics
Islamic curriculum on peace and counter terrorism : for clerics, imams and teachers
Rights and Christian ethics
The ambivalent role of religions in contemporary conflicts has generated an increased call for faithbased peacebuilding endeavours. This study brings light to the way theology can provide essential resources for such peacebuilding pursuits. The prospects for theology in peacebuilding are explored in view of a recent faith-based endeavour for peace: the textual process towards an international ecumenical declaration on just peace. The exploration, involving a constructive theological analysis, considers the theological development of the just peace concept from the perspectives of theological ethics, biblical interpretation, spirituality, and ecumenical vision. On the basis of this analysis, the dissertation maps out possible theological resources for peacebuilding in our time.
Notes from a narrow ridge : religion and bioethics
The world is facing inhumane and barbaric acts of terrorism which is destroying the world peace. Angry, reactionary voices distort the peaceful message of Islam and present it as a violent ideology that calls for indiscriminate killings and suicidal terrorism. Such voices are denying the possibility of a harmonious coexistence between Muslims and non-Muslims. Under such circumstances there is an urgent need for the authentic voices of Islamic scholarship to reassert the normative, mainstream teachings of Islam. Voices backed by 1400 years of scholarship that represent the creed of the overwhelming majority of the Muslim World. The Islamic Curriculum on Peace and Counter-Terrorism aims to provide resources from the Holy Qur'an, Hadith and authoritative books to provide a comprehensive ideological and theological counter narrative. This timely collection consists of three lectures delivered by the world renowned authority, Shaykh-ul-Islam Dr. Tahir ul-Qadri who has published over 450 books and delivered over 5500 lectures to date.
Human nature and natural law
Gene therapy and human genetic engineering
This book is situated within the realm of theological engagement with the sciences with a particular focus on how the nature of ethics is understood through this dialogue. Its purpose is to provide a theological appreciation of the nature of ethics which also takes seriously evolutionary accounts of how ethics came to be. it argues that such a theological metaethic can be interpreted as hopeful and optimistic given the apparent evolution of the moral from the amoral. This work hinges on two different but intertwined levels. One is the level of ethical systems: a particular understanding of Western Christian ethics. This level is framed by another, broader level of metaethics: an overarching understanding of the character of ethics that emerges from reflections on evolutionary theory and its naturalistic context.
Contemplating Aquinas : on the varieties of interpretation
The redemption : an interdisciplinary symposium on Christ as Redeemer
Ethics
