http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21007 normativity
normativity
Charles S. Peirce : on norms and ideals
Abstract.
De-Centring Western Sexualities critically assesses the current state of knowledge about sexualities outside the framings of 'The West', by focusing on gender and sexuality within the context of Central and Eastern Europe. Providing rich case studies drawn from a range of "post-communist" countries, this interdisciplinary volume brings together the latest research on the formation of sexualities in Central and Eastern Europe, alongside analyses of the sexual and national identity politics of the region. Engaged with current debates within queer studies surrounding temporality and knowledge production, and inspired by post-colonial critique, the book problematises the Western hegemony that often characterises sexuality studies, and presents local theoretical insights better attuned to their geo-temporal realities. As such, it offers a cultural and social re-evaluation of everyday life experiences, and will be of interest to sociologists, queer studies scholars, geographers and anthropologists.
The normativity of the natural : human goods, human virtues, and human flourishing
The norm of belief
Ethics and organizational leadership : developing a normative model
Normativity and naturalism
Understanding ethics
The rejection of consequentialism : a philosophical investigation of the considerations underlying rival moral conceptions
A normative EU policy towards China : mission impossible?
Over the past twenty-five years the work of Judith Butler has had an extraordinary impact on numerous disciplines and interdisciplinary projects across the humanities and social sciences. This original study is the first to take a thematic approach to Butler as a political thinker. Starting with an explanation of her terms of analysis, Judith Butler and Political Theory develops Butler's theory of the political through an exploration of her politics of troubling given categories and approaches. By developing concepts such as normative violence and subversion and by elaborating her critique of heteronormativity, this book moves deftly between Butler's earliest and most famous writings on gender and her more recent interventions in post-9/11 politics. This book, along with its companion volume, Judith Butler's Precarious Politics, marks an intellectual event for political theory, with major implications for feminism, women's studies, gender studies, cultural studies, lesbian and gay studies, queer theory and anyone with a critical interest in contemporary American 'great power' politics.
"Andrew Sayer undertakes a fundamental critique of social science's difficulties in acknowledging that people's relation to the world is one of concern. As sentient beings, capable of flourishing and suffering, and particularly vulnerable to how others treat us, our view of the world is substantially evaluative. Yet modernist ways of thinking encourage the common but extraordinary belief that values are beyond reason, and merely subjective or matters of convention, with little or nothing to do with the kind of beings people are, the quality of their social relations, their material circumstances or well-being. The author shows how social theory and philosophy need to change to reflect the complexity of everyday ethical concerns and the importance people attach to dignity. He argues for a robustly critical social science that explains and evaluates social life from the standpoint of human flourishing".
Becoming Arab in London : performativity and the undoing of identity
Sexed texts : language, gender, and sexuality
Metaethical subjectivism
The reception and use of Christian ideas about dreams and visions in the Early Middle Ages (400–900)
Abstract: The formation of nursing students' conception of nursing during nurse education.
Desire : the politics of sexuality
Motherhood and infertility in Ireland : understanding the presence of absence
Global democracy and exclusion
Somatechnics highlights the reciprocal bond between the sôma and the techné of 'the body' and the techniques in which bodies are formed and transformed as crafted responses to the world around us. Structured around the themes of the governance of social bodies, the gendering of sexed bodies and the techniques associated with the formation of the self, Somatechnics presents a groundbreaking study of body modification. Its contributions to the work of Spinoza, Nietzsche, Merleau-Ponty, Deluze and Guattari make it a must read for scholars of sociology, cultural and queer studies and philosophy.
Robust ethics : the metaphysics and epistemology of godless normative realism
Prescriptive practices in an English-speaking language-oriented online community : a case study of Your Grammar Sucks videos
"This book is about social science's difficulties in acknowledging that people's relation to the world is one of concern. When we ask a friend how they are, they might reply in any number of ways, for example: 'I'm OK, thanks: my daughter's enjoying school, things are good at home and we've just had a great holiday.' 'Not so good: the boss is always in a bad mood and I'm worried about losing my job.' 'OK myself but I'm really appalled by what's been happening in the war.''I'm a bit depressed: I don't know where my life is going.' Such responses indicate that things matter to people, and make a difference to 'how they are'. Their lives can go well or badly, and their sense of well-being depends at least in part on how these other things that they care about - significant others, practices, objects, political causes - are faring, and on how others are treating them".
On what matters
Transgender studies is the latest area of academic inquiry to grow out of the exciting nexus of queer theory, feminist studies, and the history of sexuality. Because transpeople challenge our most fundamental assumptions about the relationship between bodies, desire, and identity, the field is both fascinating and contentious. The Transgender Studies Reader puts between two covers fifty influential texts with new introductions by the editors that, taken together, document the evolution of transgender studies in the English-speaking world. By bringing together the voices and experience of transgender individuals, doctors, psychologists and academically-based theorists, this volume will be a foundational text for the transgender community, transgender studies, and related queer theory.
Meaning and normativity
Sexuality and sexual identity have been relatively marginalized areas in both social work education and practice. However, changes in policy and legislation in the UK and other countries over the past decade have brought discussions of sexuality into the mainstream public service agenda. In social work and social care, gay and lesbian citizenship rights have been explicitly recognised. In the fields of adoption and fostering new regulations and guidance have helped improve and develop practice around assessment and intervention. It remains the case, however, that sex is often perceived as a problem area within social work and social care, discussed only in relation to sexually diverse communities or in the realm of dysfunction or pathology. This collection aims to generate a more proactive and challenging discussion of sexuality and sexual identity in social work. Its starting point is that sexuality is an essential aspect of individual identity, that users must be able to express their sexuality, and that it is essential for social workers to be able to respond and discuss sexual issues appropriately. The contributions are informed by feminist research, considering, in particular, the experiences of women working in and using social care services since the 1990s. In addition to a consideration of the wider policy, legislative and service providers' perspectives, the book includes reflective accounts as well as research-led contributions, offering a comprehensive and balanced account of this important field, which aims to inform both theory and practice.
Straight : the surprisingly short history of heterosexuality
Moral responsibility : beyond free will and determinism
The domain of reasons
The ordinary images : a study on stock photography and gender
Somatechnics : queering the technologisation of bodies
The Reactions of the European Union and the United States to the January 25th, 2011 Revolution in Egypt : a Comporative Appraisal of Normative Power
Sexual identities and sexuality in social work : research and reflections from women in the field
Wise choices, apt feelings : a theory of normative judgment
Naturalism, realism, and normativity
Nietzsche, naturalism, and normativity
Why things matter to people : social science, values and ethical life
Following the rules : practical reasoning and deontic constraint
Beyond description : naturalism and normativity
Promoting educational equity through teacher empowerment : web-assisted transformative action research as a counter-heteronormative praxis
On reflection
Knowing what to do : imagination, virtue, and Platonism in ethics
The transgender studies reader 2
The shaping of tradition : context and normativity
Body acts queer : clothing as a performative challenge to heteronormativity
From objectification to dialogue : "gaze" in Aviva Jane Carlin's Jodie's body and Steven Shainberg's Fur: an imaginary portrait of Diane Arbus
'Norm Struggles' explores and challenges normativity in general and heteronormativity in particular. A common trait in all chapters is the focus on contradictions, changes, disruptions and uncertainties that follow with different norms and structuring forces. The authors discuss and explore how norms are produced, and reproduced but also disrupted, subverted and changed. The chapters are based on observations from different settings such as preschools, schools, universities, factories, social welfare, popular culture, passenger ships, and the fire service. They are also based on observations from different countries - Lithuania, Canada, USA, Sweden, Finland, and Great Britain. The book presents studies of media, policies, machines, organisations, academic sexual theory, and the ongoing constructions of nations and nationalities.
Achieving knowledge : a virtue-theoretic account of epistemic normativity
Difficult normativity : normative dimensions in research on religion and theology
Sexed Texts explores the complex role that language plays in the construction of sexuality and gender, two concepts that are often discussed separately, although in practice are closely intertwined. The book draws on a range of theoretical perspectives and published research including performativity theory, feminism, queer studies, psychoanalytical theory, Marxism, social constructionism and essentialism. Illustrative examples are taken from written, spoken, internet, non-verbal, visual, media-scripted and naturally occurring texts. Some of the questions addressed in the book include: how do people construct their own and other's gendered or sexual identities through the use of language? What is the relationship between language and desire? In what ways do language practices help to reflect and shape different gendered/sexed discourses as 'normal', problematic or contested? Taking a broadly deconstructionist perspective, the book progresses from examining what are seen as preferable or acceptable ways to express gender and sexuality, moving towards more 'tolerated' identities, practices and desires, and finally arriving at marginalized and tabooed forms. The book locates sexuality and gender as socially constructed, and therefore examines language use in terms of socio-historical factors, linking changing conceptualisations of identity, discourse and desire to theories surrounding regulation, globalisation, new technologies, marketisation and consumerism.
"Ethical naturalism is narrowly construed as the doctrine that there are moral properties and facts, at least some of which are natural properties and facts. Perhaps owing to its having faced, early on, intuitively forceful objections by eliminativists and non-naturalists, ethical naturalism has only recently become a central player in the debates about the status of moral properties and facts which have occupied philosophers over the last century. It has now become a driving force in those debates, one with sufficient resources to challenge not only eliminativism, especially in its various non-cognitivist forms, but also the most sophisticated versions of non-naturalism. This volume brings together twelve new essays which make it clear that, in light of recent developments in analytic philosophy and the social sciences, there are novel grounds for reassessing the doctrines at stake in these debates".
Terrorist assemblages : homonationalism in queer times
Normativity of scientific laws
The normative thought of Charles S. Peirce
Erik J. Wielenberg draws on recent work in analytic philosophy and empirical moral psychology to defend non-theistic robust normative realism and develop an empirically-grounded account of human moral knowledge. Non-theistic robust normative realism has it that there are objective, non-natural, sui generis ethical features of the universe that do not depend on God for their existence. The early chapters of the book address various challenges to the intelligibility and plausibility of the claim that irreducible ethical features of things supervene on their non-ethical features as well as challenges from defenders of theistic ethics who argue that objective morality requires a theistic foundation. Later chapters develop an account of moral knowledge and answer various recent purported debunkings of morality, including those based on scientific research into the nature of the proximate causes of human moral beliefs as well as those based on proposed evolutionary explanations of our moral beliefs.
Islas de la locura : normatividad y marginalización en América Latina = Islas of madness : normativity and marginalization in Latin America
Heteronormativity in eighteenth-century literature and culture
Normative state power in international relations
Action, belief and inquiry : pragmatist perspectives on science, society and religion
Compulsory heterosexuality and Lesbian existence
"This collection of essays by Hilary Putnam, one of the very few contemporary grand masters of philosophy, presents the last development of Putnam's reflections regarding the core issue of his entire career: how to develop a form of philosophical realism able to account for both the scientific and the humanistic view of the world - that is, a conception in which the naturalistic view of the world can be reconciled with the acknowledgment that normative phenomena are a fundamental part of our lives. Many great philosophers, from Hume to Kant, from Mill to Sellars, from Quine to Davidson, have faced this challenge."--Provided by publisher.
Drarry, Snarry and Snape: the queerest of the queer : heteronormativity and queer theory in Harry Potter slash fan fiction
Social and legal norms : towards a socio-legal understanding of normativity
The concepts of meaning and mental content resist naturalistic analysis. This is because they are normative: they depend on ideas of how things ought to be. This text offers an explanation of these 'oughts', borrowing devices from metaethics to illuminate deep problems at the heart of the philosophy of language and thought.
Possibilities, silences : the publishing and reception of queer topics in Finland during the interwar years (and beyond)
"A work in metaethics that focuses on the two types of normative judgments, evaluative judgments and directive judgments; how the two interconnect; and what makes them true when they are true"--Provided by publisher.
Norm-struggles : sexualities in contentions / editors, Lena Martinsson and Eva Reimers
The transgender studies reader
Knowing full well
Impassioned belief
Practical reality
The concept of betterness and sport competitions
Hegemony and heteronormativity : revisiting 'the political' in queer politics
Healthy sex and pop porn : pornography, feminism and the Finnish context
The resurgence of marriage as a transnational institution, same-sex or otherwise, draws upon as much as it departs from enlightenment ideologies of sex, gender, and sexuality which this collection aims to investigate, interrogate, and conceptualize anew. Coming to terms with heteronormativity is imperative for appreciating the literature and culture of the eighteenth century writ large, as well as the myriad imaginaries of sex and sexuality that the period bequeaths to the present. This collection foregrounds British, European, and, to a lesser extent, transatlantic heteronormativities in order to pose vital if vexing questions about the degree of continuity subsisting between heteronormativities of the past and present, questions compounded by the aura of transhistoricity lying at the heart of heteronormativity as an ideology. Contributors attend to the fissures and failures of heteronormativity even as they stress the resilience of its hegemony: reconfiguring our sense of how gender and sexuality came to be mapped onto space; how public and private spheres were carved up, or gendered and sexual bodies socially sanctioned; and finally how literary traditions, scholarly criticisms, and pedagogical practices have served to buttress or contest the legacy of heteronormativity.
"When we affirm (or deny) that someone knows something, we are making a value judgment of sorts - we are claiming that there is something superior (or inferior) about that person's opinion, or their evidence, or perhaps about them. A central task of the theory of knowledge is to investigate the sort of evaluation at issue. This is the first book to make 'epistemic normativity,' or the normative dimension of knowledge and knowledge ascriptions, its central focus. John Greco argues that knowledge is a kind of achievement, as opposed to mere lucky success. This locates knowledge within a broader, familiar normative domain. By reflecting on our thinking and practices in this domain, it is argued, we gain insight into what knowledge is and what kind of value it has for us"--Provided by publisher.
Conceptual analysis and philosophical naturalism
Knowledge, experience, and ruling relations : studies in the social organizations of knowledge
Explaining the nature of knowledge, this book presents an account of the author's views on epistemic normativity as a form of performance normativity on two levels. It shows how experience should be understood if it is to figure in the epistemic competence that must be manifest in the truth of any belief apt enough to constitute knowledge.
Never mind the gap : gendering science in transgressive encounters
Explaining the normative
On what matters. Vol. 2
On What Matters is a major work in moral philosophy. It is the long-awaited follow-up to Derek Parfit's 1984 book Reasons and Persons, one of the landmarks of twentieth-century philosophy. Parfit now presents a powerful new treatment of reasons, rationality, and normativity, and a critical examination of three systematic moral theories - Kant's ethics, contractualism, and consequentialism - leading to his own ground-breaking synthetic conclusion. Along the way he discusses a wide range of moral issues, such as the significance of consent, treating people as a means rather than an end, and free will and responsibility. On What Matters is already the most-discussed work in moral philosophy: its publication is likely to establish it as a modern classic which everyone working on moral philosophy will have to read, and which many others will turn to for stimulation and illumination.
Woman, body, desire in post-colonial India : narratives of gender and sexuality
An important part of the legal domain has to do with rule-governed conduct, and is expressed by the use of notions such as norm, obligation, duty, and right. These require us to acknowledge the normative dimension of law. Normativity is, accordingly, to be regarded as a central feature of law lying at the heart of any comprehensive legal-theoretical project. The essays collected in this book are meant to further our understanding of the normativity of law. More specifically, the book stages a thorough discussion of legal normativity as approached from three strands of legal thought that are particularly influential and which play a key role in shaping debates on the normative dimension of law: the theory of planning agency, legal conventionalism and the constitutivist approach. While the essays presented here do not aspire to give an exhaustive picture of these debates--an aspiration that would be, by its very nature, unrealistic--they do provide the reader with some authoritative statements of some widely discussed families of views of legal normativity. In pursuing this objective, these essays also encourage a dialogue between different traditions of study of legal normativity, stimulating those who would not otherwise look outside their tradition of thought to engage with new ideas and, ultimately, to arrive at a more comprehensive account of the normativity of law.--Provided by publisher.
Naturalism and normativity
Dorothy Smith is considered one of the most original sociologists and theorists of our time, and her writings have attracted much attention in Europe and the US as well as in Canada. This collection of original essays, written by scholars who worked or studied with Smith, exemplifies Smith's approach to social analysis. Each author takes an empirical approach. Some analyse texts (the maps and documents of land-use planning, photographs, an influential history of British India, reports of a task force on battered women); some draw on interviews (with clerical workers, with Japanese corporate wives), while others (an AIDS activist, a teacher of adult literacy, a social worker) reflect on personal experiences. In each case we are introduced to specific themes in Smith's approach. The essays put Smith's method to work in diverse ways and in the process offer intriguing insights into their topics. This tribute to Smith's empowering contribution as a thinker and teacher reveals how empirical studies can illuminate concepts usually presented in the abstract. As the first compilation of applications of Smith's methodology, this is a landmark work in the developing field of the social organization of knowledge.
Promoting Educational Equity through Teacher Empowerment:web-assisted Transformative Action Research as a Counter-Heteronormative Praxis
Essays on Spinoza's ethical theory
Over the past twenty years, transgender studies has emerged as a vibrant field of interdisciplinary scholarship. In 2006, Routledge's The Transgender Studies Reader brought together the first definitive collection of the field. Since its publication, the field has seen an explosion of new work that has expanded the boundaries of inquiry in many directions. The Transgender Studies Reader 2 gathers these disparate strands of scholarship, and collects them into a format that makes sense for teaching and research. Complementing the first volume, rather than competing with it, The Transgender Studies Reader 2 consists of fifty articles, with a general introduction by the editors, explanatory head notes for each essay, and bibliographical suggestions for further research. Unlike the first volume, which was historically based, tracing the lineage of the field, this volume focuses on recent work and emerging trends. To keep pace with this rapidly changing area, the second reader has a companion website, with images, links to blogs, video, and other material to help supplement the book.
Blue jeans : the art of the ordinary
Ethical naturalism : current debates
This book spotlights six themes or lenses for understanding and analyzing education and its relation to oppression and anti-oppressive transformation. It brings together multiple perspectives on anti-oppressive education from various contexts, including K-12 schools, teacher education programs, postsecondary institutions, and community-based organizations. The book provides an array of practical and theoretical resources for educators to explore and innovate ways to confront and dismantle racism, sexism, classism, heterosexism and other forms of oppression in education. Significantly, this 2nd edition boasts ten new chapters as well as new or considerably revised Conversations for each of the six Parts. The chapters provide readers with diverse perspectives for considering anti-oppressive education from a range of content areas in K-12, postsecondary, and community contexts; student and educator populations; social differences; activities; and research methodology. In addition, this new edition significantly amplifies the perspectives and experiences of youth, including those from Southeast Asian, South Asian, and African American communities.
Religion, gender and sexuality in everyday life
Normativity
Beyond the pejorative : sphere of influence in international theory
New essays on the normativity of law
Oxford studies normative ethics. Volume 4
Balancing between identities : a gay athlete's experiences in sport and exercise domains in Finland
Morphogenesis and the crisis of normativity
Perspectives on prescriptivism
Normativity in legal sociology : methodological reflections on law and regulation in late modernity
Re-embodied : young women, the body quest and agency in the culture of appearances
From normativity to responsibility
The Routledge handbook of global ethics
Judith Butler and political theory : troubling politics
De-centring Western sexualities : Central and Eastern European perspectives
Norms, naturalism, and epistemology : the case for science without norms
Six lenses for anti-oppressive education : partial stories, improbable conversations
Concerning the normativity of the Christian tradition, there remains much to be said in a theological context today. In the modern period, from the debates that (still) rage over the reception of the second Vatican council to the embed-dedness of tradition in Orthodox positions, from firmly rooted national-ecclesial traditions to the challenges of various contextual and postmodern theologies, our understanding of tradition and its normativizing legacy continue to take center stage in our ongoing global theological conversations, though the exact stakes are often unclear and much in need of further examination. We are faced at present with an ever increasing rigor and depth in terms of theologians' willingness to confront the relationship between history, tradition and normativity - the great shaping forces of the Christian life, and ones which often go unexamined. What we discover in the midst of these reflections is that discerning whether or not God has interrupted our conceptualizations of history or whether and how our traditions are affected by God's people (or those who shepherd them) is a highly complex affair, and one that each of the essays presented here attempts to address in its own way.
Revisiting normativity with Deleuze
