http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21001 food products
food products
Food chemistry
Tariffs in world seafood trade
Abstract.
Buying and using convenience foods
Nation's restaurant news
The visual food encyclopedia
Salt, sugar, fat : how the food giants hooked us
Night restaurants in Helsinki downtown area face fierce competition today. The number of various concepts is great and most operators compete for the attention and money of fairly same target market/ -s. Alongside traditional competitional tools such as quality and price new means need to be sought in order to stay in business, and more importantly, to be profitable. Relationship marketing offers one way of approaching this issue. It offers tools for studying all relationships a company has with its' environment, recognising the ones that are can be valuable and managing all these a successful entity.  In order to provide an extensive theoretical framework towards which the empirical part of the study about the use of relationship marketing can be reflected to, one has to study a number of issues. The theoretical part will begin with short introduction to socio-economic factors that affect the situation today. The issue of value creation is handled, both from the customer and the company point of view. Background and history of relationship marketing is studied and a number of marketing definitions and theories introduced. Furthermore the motivators behind consumer behaviour are discussed and concepts important to this subject explained. Finally all the issues above will be tied into logical entity in the chapter "relationship management and marketing strategy".  The empirical study was conducted as a qualitative study using half structured theme interviews. The interviewees all work in the chosen Helsinki night restaurants and are one way or another involved in the marketing planning and general management of these places. The beginning of empirical study shows the results of thirteen interviews. The later part of the chapter concentrates on the analysis that arise from the results and theory and on the recommendations based on the analysis.  In short the results show that all the restaurants in the study are familiar with the general concept of relationship marketing and practise a number of related activities such as VIP-card system and regular customer register. However it seems that strategic long term planning, clear goal setting for these actions and consistent follow up is often lacking. The importance of staff in using this approach was widely recognised but issues such as the necessity for clear separation between VIP-customers and masses divided opinions. Finally it seemed that all restaurants could name their chosen target segments but did not possess a lot data about them.
Hungry for profit : the agribusiness threat to farmers, food, and the environment
Milk products and eggs
Multilingual dictionary of fish and fish products = Dictionnaire multilingue des poissons et produits de la pêche
Snack food
Pesticide residue monitoring in Finland 2006 : fruit, vegetables and cereals
The effectiveness of differentiated food taxes in promoting dietary quality and nutritional health : a review of the international and Finnish evidence
Milk products in the Finnish diet compared with the Polish diet
Pesticide residue monitoring in Finland 2005 : fruit, vegetables and cereals
Grocery e-commere : consumer behaviour and business strategies
One perfect ingredient
Nutritional aspects of food processing and ingredients
Dairy-based ingredients
Fermentation fortification of active vitamin B12 in food matrices using Propionibacterium freudenreichii : analysis, production and stability
The yogurt cookbook
Good Food, Great Business : How to Take Your Artisan Food Idea from Concept to Marketplace
Olympia Provisions : cured meats and tall tales from an American charcuterie
Cereals and cereal products : third supplement to McCance and Widdowson's the composition of foods
Food : the gift of Osiris. Vol. 2
Food structures, digestion and health
The occurrrence and diversity of yeasts in Zimbabwean traditional fermented milk and their potential use as starter cultures
Nutrition for serious athletes : [an advanced guide to foods, fluids, and supplements for training and performance]
Hygienic quality of foods served on aircraft
Flavours and fragrances : chemistry, bioprocessing and sustainability
The art and science of culinary preparation : a culinarian's manual
International cuisine has long conquered our cooking and eating habits. However, regional ingredients and some that were out of fashion for a while are gaining importance again. Accordingly, the range of available domestic and international foods is broad - enriching, but also challenging, as many fruits, herbs, seasonings, fish and meat products are unknown to the consumer.
Talking about food : an investigation to consumers' word-of-mouth discussions in relation to food products
Gas packaging of chilled meat products and ready-to-eat foods
Butchery and sausage-making for dummies
Meat, poultry and game : fift supplement to the fift edition of McCance and Widdowson's The Composition of Foods
Application of modern analytical techniques to ensure seafood safety and authenticity
Probiotics : a critical review
The ice cream & frozen yoghurt
How "Tropical Sno" should be launched in the capital area of Finland : case: Shave Ice Finland Oy
Fifty foods that changed the course of history
Functional foods : designer foods, pharmafoods, nutraceuticals
Gastronomy : the anthropology of food and food habits
Fungi, man and his environment
The effect of genes and diet on Alzheimer's disease-related molecular mechanisms : Influence of ubiquilin-1 and dietary lipids
Microwave heating uniformity of multicomponent prepared foods
Convenience and fast food handbook
A dictionary of Japanese food : ingredients & culture
Seafood : effects of technology on nutrition
Allergy-free cookbook
The constitution of consumption : food labeling and the politics of consumerism
Frozen food science and technology
Frozen food technology
Sensory quality of pork : influences of rearing system, feed, genotype, and sex
Understanding baking : the art and science of baking
Fats, oils and related products
Milk products in the Finnish diet
Young and slim for life : 10 essential steps to archieve total vitality and kick-start weight loss that lasts
Developments and microbiological applications in African foods : emphasis on Nigerian Wara cheese
Food safety regulatory compliance : catalyst for a lean and sustainable food supply chain
Ingredients offers an indispensable guidance: Over 2000 culinary ingredients are in this book, each introduced with pictures and described with tips on appearance, consistency, taste and use.
The complete guide to strength training
Demand for functional foods that offer therapeutic and disease-prevention properties is globally increasing. Barley presents an opportunity in this regard due to its high antioxidants and dietary fiber contents. Barley wholegrain and milling fractions were investigated in terms of phenolic acids composition, scavenging capacity against DPPH and ABTS radicals and inhibition of human LDL oxidation in vitro. Ferulic and p-coumaric were the primary phenolic acids in wholegrain and pearled fractions accounting for 43-97% and 2-55% of total phenolic acids, respectively. This wide range demonstrates significant differences among barley wholegrain or pearled products. Antioxidant capacities also varied significantly among barleys with the hulless cultivars tested exhibiting the greatest. The outer layers fraction showed higher scavenging capacity against ABTS and DPPH radicals and inhibitory effects toward LDL oxidation compared with the endosperm fractions. The results suggest that the outer layer and hull fractions would potentially provide promising sources of natural antioxidants.
A world-wide survey of the eating and drinking habits of early peoples, Don and Patricia Brothwell's Food in Antiquity covers a broad geographical range, from the early populations of Asia, Sub-Saharan Africa, and the Americas to the more familiar Egyptian, Mesopotamian, Greek, and Roman worlds. From meat, insects, vegetables, and fruits to cooking oils and beverages, each source of sustenance is described in terms of who consumed it, how it was prepared, and how it spread from its region of origin. The Brothwells' treatment is engaging and the information they provide fascinating. We learn, for example, that the vinegar carried by Roman foot soldiers on long marches was mixed with water to serve as a refreshing drink and that fungi provided a reliable source of diet for peoples from Europe, Australia, Japan, and China. The authors consider such questions as whether St. John ate carob or actual locusts in his desert hermitage and whether ancient farmers may have rid their crops of troublesome pests by capturing and eating them. They discuss cannibalism, food taboos, and the radical changes that took place with the introduction of the domestication of animals. The story they unfold is a compelling one that sheds much light on the intricate detective work, the problems and rewards, of biological research in archeology.
Creative cooking
The complete guide to sports nutrition
The Conran cookbook
"You've seen the headlines: Parmesan cheese made from sawdust. Lobster rolls containing no lobster at all. Extra virgin olive oil that isn't. Fake foods are in our supermarkets, our restaurants, and our kitchen cabinets. Food journalist Larry Olmsted exposes the pervasive and dangerous fraud perpetrated on consumers by bringing readers into the unregulated food industry, revealing the alarming truth: What we think we're eating is not what we're really eating. This shocking deception extends from high-end foods like olive oil, wine, and Kobe beef to everyday staples such as coffee, honey, juice, and cheese. It's a massive bait and switch where counterfeiting is rampant and where the consumer ultimately pays the price. Olmstead travels to the sources of the real stuff, to help us recognize what to look for, eat, and enjoy. Genuine Parmigiano-Reggiano from Italy, fresh-caught grouper from Florida, authentic port from Portugal. Real foods that are grown, raised, produced, and prepared with care by masters of their craft."
Eating for sport : A Practical guide to sports nutrition
The ABC's of quick and glamorous cooking
Food choice, acceptance, and consumption
Vegetables, whole grains, and their derivatives in cancer prevention
Enzymes of psychrotrophs in raw food
Food and culture : a reader
Phenolic acids and antioxidant properties of barley wholegrain and pearling fractions
Effects of wholegrain foods and grain fibre in intestinal tract in relation to glucose metabolism : with an emphasis on wheat and rye bread effects
Meat and fish management
The role of cereals in the human diet : proceedings of a special symposium held at the Melbourne Townhouse Hotel, Melbourne, October 19, 1987, in conjunction with the 37th annual conference of the Cereal Chemistry Division of the Royal Australian Chemical Institute
Food in antiquity : a survey of the diet of early peoples
1001 foods you must try before you die : [a global guide to the best ingredients]
23rd Biocenter Oulu Day : brain's digest : healthy diet drives a sharp mind
Consumer-led food product development
Developing new food products for a changing marketplace
Simply gluten-free & dairy-free : breakfasts, lunches, treats, dinners, desserts
Migration of substances from paper and board food packaging materials
New food product development : from concept to marketplace
Handbook of organic food processing and production
Real food / fake food : why you don't know what you're eating & what you can do about it
Dimension of novelty : a social representation approach to new foods
Bubbles in food 2 : novelty, health, and luxury
Effects of dietary carbohydrate modification on persons with metabolic syndrome : a transcriptomics approach of adipose tissue
Marguerite Patten's book of of fruit and vegetable cookery : and eggs, cheese, bacon, pickles, chutneys, jams, home-made wines
You are what you eat : food advertising, contemporary food consumption and life-style strategies
Competitive strategy : Sorrin Puutarha
Potato : a global history
