http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21065 feminist research
feminist research
Becoming valuable selves : self-promotion, gender and individuality in late capitalism
Introducing gender and women's studies
An anthropology of mothering
Researching gender. Vol. IV, Researching bodies, emotions and new materialisms
Undoing monogamy : the politics of science and the possibilities of biology
This pioneering and influential work of feminist theory has been extensively updated by the author to chart the changes in feminist film theory and practice between the eighties and the nineties. Readers, whether engaged in the making of films, the study of them, or simply the pleasure of viewing them, will appreciate the way in which the author discusses and demystifies the current methods of analysis, including semiotic and psychoanalytical approaches. The films used as points of discussion are drawn from both mainstream and alternative cinema, institutions which are themselves examined in relation to their production, distribution and exhibition practices.The thesis proposed by Annette Kuhn is an exciting one: namely, that feminism and cinema, taken together, could provide the basis for new forms of expression, providing the opportunity for a truly feminist alternative cinema in terms of film language, of reading that language and of representing the world.
Luce Irigaray's philosophy of feminine being : body, desire and wisdom
Gender regulation, violence and social hierarchies in school : 'sluts', 'gays' and 'scrubs'
Researching gender. Vol. III, Strong objectivity and feminist empiricism
The Oxford Handbook of Feminist Theory provides a rich overview of the analytical frameworks and theoretical concepts that feminist theorists have developed to analyze the known world. Featuring leading feminist theorists from diverse regions of the globe, this collection delves into forty-nine subject areas, demonstrating the complexity of feminist challenges to established knowledge, while also engaging areas of contestation within feminist theory.
The Bible and women : an encyclopaedia of exegesis and cultural history
Women in film noir
Performing the author/mother/merchant/wife: moving subject positions in Minna Canth's autobiography
A concise glossary of feminist theory
The Matriarchs of England's Cooperative Movement : a study in Gender Politics and Female Leadership, 1883-1921
Finnish summary.
Women's pictures : feminism and cinema
Teaching subjectivity : travelling selves for feminist pedagogy
Thoroughly revised throughout, the second edition benefits from the addition of nine new concepts including Gender Social Movements, Intersectionality and Mainstreaming. Each of the entries: begins with a concise definition outlines the history of each term and the debates surrounding it includes illustrations of how the concept has been applied within the field offers examples which allow a critical re-evaluation of the concept is cross-referenced with the other key concepts ends with guidance on further reading.
The Oxford handbook of feminist theory
Gender diversity in Indonesia : sexuality, Islam and queer selves
Key concepts in gender studies
Seeing differently : a history and theory of identification and the visual arts
The Sage handbook of feminist theory
Working with affect in feminist readings : disturbing differences
Feminist ethnography and performance. 9-10
Challenging the orientalist reading of Mary Wortley Montagu's Turkish letters with feminist approaches
Researching gender. Vol. I, Situated knowers and feminist standpoint
Gender matters in global politics : a feminist introduction to international relations
Contemporary feminist studies and its relation to art history and visual studies : proceedings from a conference in Gothenburg, March 28-29, 2007
Acting out : feminist performances / editors: Lynda Hart and Peggy Phelan
Sexuality in the field of vision
Tibetan nuns between oppression and opportunities : an intersectional study
Writing against, alongside and beyond memory : lifewriting as reflexive, poststructuralist feminist research practice
Women and femininity as a source of humor in the dialogue of the sitcom Friends
Feminisms and educational research
Mundane heterosexualities : from theory to practices
The lonely mirror : Italian perspectives on feminist theory
The full impact of austerity policies across Europe is still being assessed, but it is clear that their gendered impacts have been consistently severe, structural and manifold. They have also been, until now, under-researched and under-estimated. This book brings together the research of leading feminist economists in the area of gender and austerity economics to perform a rigorous gender-impact analysis both at national and pan-European levels. The chapters not only offer thorough evidence for the detrimental gender-impact of austerity policies across Europe, but they also provide readers with concrete suggestions of alternative policies that national governments and the European Union should adopt. With a combination of country case studies and cross-country empirical analysis, this book reveals the scope and channels through which women and men have been impacted by austerity policies in Europe, and goes on to offer readers the opportunity to assess the feasibility and implications of a feminist alternative to continued austerity. This book will be invaluable to social science students and researchers, as well to as policy-makers searching not just for a Plan B to continued austerity policies but for a Plan F - a feminist economic strategy to stimulate sustainable economic recovery.
Feminisms in the Academy explores the relationship between feminist scholarship and the other academic disciplines. Going beyond the conventional "mainstreaming" model which may tend to polarize and caricature positions, the essays employ existing epistemological and methodological tensions to generate productive dialogues within and among the humanities and social sciences, as well as in interdisciplinary areas such as African-American and Latina studies. Part I, "Questioning the Disciplines," addresses the challenges that feminist scholarship poses to unexamined assumptions in four emblematic disciplines: philosophy, art history, psychology, and literature. The essays here demonstrate that such challenges have posed new questions and dilemmas for the disciplines, as well as for feminist scholarship. Part II, "Reading Differently," investigates the ways in which gender as an analytic tool transforms disciplinary knowledge and creates an opening to other categories of difference in literary criticism, sociology, and classical studies. The essays in Part III, "Feminism and the Politics of Intellectual Inquiry," explore the complex dynamics between feminist scholarship and the fields of archeology, French literature, and Spanish-American history and literature. Finally, the essays in "Dialogues: Feminist Scholarship and/in the Disciplines" expose the tensions between feminism and political science, sociology, and second- language acquisition. These essays, like several others in the volume, emphasize as well the transformation of women's studies itself through critique from the perspective of women of color. Thus illuminating major themes within contemporary feminist scholarship across a broad range of disciplines, the collection demonstrates an appreciation of both feminist scholarship and the "traditional" academic fields, investigating the future possibilities of their mutual transformation and integration, and delineating a model for innovative knowledge in the academy for the twenty-first century.
Drawing difference : connections between gender and drawing
Gender, identity and representation in video games : an elective discourse-oriented course for Finnish EFL upper secondary school students
Understanding Feminism provides an accessible guide to one of the most important and contested movements in progressive modern thought. Presenting feminism as a dynamic, multi-faceted and adaptive movement that has evolved in response to the changing practical and theoretical problems faced by women, the authors take a problem-oriented approach that maps the complex strands of feminist thinking in relation to women's struggles for equal recognition and rights, and freedom from oppressive constraints of sex, self-expression and autonomy. Each chapter focuses on a different cluster of concerns, demonstrating key moves in second-wave feminist thought, as well as some of the diversity in response-strategies that encompass both socio-economic and cultural-symbolic concerns. This approach not only shows how central feminist insights, theories and strategies emerge and re-emerge across different contexts, but makes clear that far from being “over”, feminism remains a vital response to the diverse issues that women (and men) find pressing and socially important.
Northern insights : feminist inquiries into politics of place, knowledge and agency
Teaching empires : gender and transnational citizenship in Europe
Feminist theory reader : local and global perspectives
Possible subversions : the narrative construction of identity in Agnes Smedley's Daughter of Earth
Ugly girls on stage : Riot Grrrl reflected through misrepresentations
Transnational borderlands in women's global networks : the making of cultural resistance
About the self and the time : on the autobiographical texts by É. Gerštejn, T. Petkevič, E. Bonnèr, M. Pliseckaja and M. Arbatova
Perspectives on women's archives
Gender matters : feminist linguistic analysis
Feminist methodologies for critical researchers : bridging differences
Feminist political togetherness : rethinking the collective dimension of feminist politics
The subject of Rosi Braidotti : politics and concepts
The body in pieces : the fragment as a metaphor of modernity
Re/Structuring science education : ReUniting sociological and psychological perspectives
Badass bitches, damsels in distress, or something in between? : representation of female characters in superhero action films
A feminist voyage through international relations
Gender myths and feminist fables : the struggle for interpretive power in gender and development
Teaching visual culture in an interdisciplinary classroom : feminist (re)interpretations of the field
The nick of time : politics, evolution, and the untimely / Elizabeth Grosz
Theoretical perspectives on gender and development
Chicana feminisms : a critical reader
Researching gender. Vol. II, Representation, voice and intersectionality
Body matters : feminism, textuality, corporeality
Gendering global conflict : toward a feminist theory of war
Feminisms in the academy
Old mistresses : women, art and ideology
Feminist metaphysics : explorations in the ontology of sex, gender and the self
Luce Irigaray's phenomenology of feminine being
Communication, gender, and Finnish female business leaders : does the communication of female business leaders in the Finnish stock market differ from male leaders according to their own perspective?
Feminist researchers learning to teach : a Finnish case of university pedagogy in women's studies
Cross-cultural interviewing : feminist experiences and reflections
Universal human rights in a world of difference
life.after.theory
Economics and austerity in Europe : gendered impacts and sustainable alternatives
Narrating care and entrepreneurship
"The typical southern Italian woman" : ruminations on poststructural feminist ethnography
State and society in small-town Russia : a feminist-ethnographic inquiry into the boundaries of society in the Finnish-Russian borderland
"This diverse collection explores the rhetoric of a wide range of public policies that propose "to put women and children first," including homeland security, school violence, gun control, medical intervention of intersex infants, and policies that aim to distinguish "good" from "bad" mothers. Using various feminist philosophical analyses, the contributors uncover a logic of paternalistic treatment of women and children that purports to protect them but almost always also disempowers them and sometimes harms them. This logic is widespread in contemporary popular policy discourse and affects the way that people understand and respond to social and political issues. Contributors rethink basic philosophical assumptions concerning subjectivity, difference, and dualistic logic in order to read the rhetoric of contemporary public policy discourse and develop new ways of talking and acting in the policy domain."--BOOK JACKET.
Women artists at the millennium / edited by Carol Amstrong and Catherine de Zegher
Gendered entanglements : re-visiting gender in rapidly changing Asia
Teaching gender, diversity and urban space : an intersectional approach between gender studies and spatial disciplines
Neurofeminism : issues at the intersection of feminist theory and cognitive science
Talking feminist institutions : interviews with leading European scholars
Gender, nation, narration : critical readings of cultural phenomena
Ecofeminism and systems thinking
Gender hurts : a feminist analysis of the politics of transgenderism
Teaching gender in social work : teaching with gender. European women's studies in international and interdisciplinary classrooms
To be a woman here is to be invisible : in search of the dispossessed femininity in Middle-earth
Deviant will to knowledge : the Pandora myth and its feminist revisions
Teaching with the third wave : new feminists' explorations of teaching and institutional contexts
Ageing apparatuses at work : transdisciplinary negotiations of sex, age and materiality : enclosed articles
Beyond accommodation : ethical feminism, deconstruction, and the law
The gender of psychology
ICTs in teaching and learning women's studies : perspectives and practices in Europe : the use of new information and communication technologies in women's studies teaching
Nothing mat(t)ers : a feminist critique of postmodernism
Restless multiplicities : aspects of sexual difference in the songs of Joni Mitchell
This a broad-ranging anthology of critical essays spanning the last ten years, drawn from literature, linguistics, semiotics, history, psychoanalysis and philosophy. Contributing to a dialogue with Anglo-American and French theorists, this collection sets out to contextualize Italian feminist theory within the international debate. The essays illuminate the specific character of Italian feminism as a political and intellectual movement, and draw out comparisons with the more institutionalized nature of women's studies in the United States and Britain. It aims to be of interest to both general and academic readers wishing to explore developments in European feminism.
Political bodies/body politic : the semiotics of gender
Laura Sjoberg positions gender and gender subordination as key factors in the making and fighting of global conflict. Through the lens ofgender, she examines the meaning, causes, practices, and experiences of war, building a more inclusive approach to the analysis of violent conflict between states. Considering war at the international, state, substate, and individual levels, Sjoberg's feminist perspective elevates a number of causal variables in war decision-making. These include structural gender inequality, cycles of gendered violence, state masculine posturing, the often overlooked role of emotion in political interactions, gendered understandings of power, and states' mistaken perception of their own autonomy and unitary nature. Gendering Global Conflict also calls attention to understudied spaces that can be sites of war, such as the workplace, the household, and even the bedroom. Her findings show gender to be a linchpin of even the most tedious and seemingly bland tactical and logistical decisions in violent conflict. Armed with that information, Sjoberg undertakes the task of redefining and reintroducing critical readings of war's political, economic, and humanitarian dimensions, developing the beginnings of a feminist theory of war.
Feminist film studies : writing the woman into cinema
Writing the Woman into Cinema provides an introduction to feminist film theory as a discourse that grew in cultural significance since the early 1970s to the present. Janet McCabe traces the broad-ranging knowledges produced by feminist film scholarship, from formalist readings and psychoanalytical approaches to debates initiated by cultural studies, race and queer theory. This book thus documents a dynamic critical field, charting the numerous feminist interventions, and critically assesses how the social, political and cultural contexts informed debates and shaped the writing of a feminist film theory.
Asexualities : feminist and queer perspectives
Women and children first : feminism, rhetoric, and public policy
