http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21046 politics of memory
politics of memory
Taking wrongs seriously : apologies and reconciliation
Never forget national humiliation : historical memory in Chinese politics and foreign relations
Unsettling memories : narratives of the emergency in Delhi
Difficult heritage : negotiating the Nazi past in Nuremberg and beyond
Rites of place : public commemoration in Russia and Eastern Europe
The philosophy and practice of dealing with the past : some conceptual and normative issues
In search for Aram and Israel : politics, culture, and identity
Memory and representation : constructed truths and competing realities
Grassroots memorials : the politics of memorializing traumatic death
Germany, Poland, and postmemorial relations : in search of a livable past
Remembering the German Democratic Republic : divided memory in a united Germany
Abstract.
The Case Against Noam Chomsky - Mental Processing The Case Against Noam Chomsky and Mental Processing, volumes one and two of A Biological Philosophy, are about philosophy, cognitive psychology, and linguistics. The first volume presents the theory of speech as interpretation of feelings and language as a social practice. In linguistics this distinction has not been made leading to great confusion in the science. The second volume describes how feelings are created in mental processes (complex, high-speed neural processes) as a function of an individual (unconsciously and consciously) interpreting himself in relation to the environment. - The first volume is presented as a case against Chomsky in view of Chomsky's theories offering a complete contrast to the ideas of a biological philosophy in all its aspects.
Rites of return : diaspora poetics and the politics of memory
Embattled memories : contested meanings in Korean War memorials
Memory and the future : transnational politics, ethics and society
Memory : histories, theories, debates
Memories of 1968 : international perspectives
In pursuit of German memory : history, television, and politics after Auschwitz
Historical memory in Africa : dealing with the past, reaching for the future in an intercultural context
Heroes and martyrs of Palestine : the politics of national commemoration
A European memory? : contested histories and politics of remembrance
Memory and material culture : tracing the past in prehistoric Europe
Now-time/image-space : temporalization of politics in Walter Benjaminś philosophy of history and art
The Use and Abuse of Memory : interpreting World War II in contemporary European Politics
Remembering the year of the French : Irish folk history and social memory
"We have left the twentieth century, but this century of violence and extremes has not left us: Its shadow has become longer and blacker. Seventy years after the end of the Second World War, the memory of the Holocaust is less and less anchored in the lived experience of survivors and witnesses. Shadows of Trauma analyzes the transformation of the past from an individual experience to a collective construction, with special attention to the tensions that arise when personal experience collides with official commemoration. In addition to surveying memory's important terms and distinctions, Assmann traces the process that emerged after the fall of the Berlin Wall, of creating a new German memory of the Holocaust. Assmann revisits the pitfalls of "false memory" and lingering forms of denial and repression, as well as the new twenty-first-century discourses, such as that of German "victimhood," as well as the new memory sites for a future in which German memory will be increasingly oriented toward a European context. Combining theoretical analysis with historical case studies, the book revisits crucial debates and controversial issues out of which "memory culture" has emerged as a collective project and a work in progress"--
The politics of memory in postwar Europe
Liberation exhibitions as a commemorative membrane of socialist Hungary
Remembering and rethinking the GDR : multiple perspectives and plural authenticities
"The links between cinema and war machines have long been established. At the same time, cinema represents an often overlooked, yet crucial channel of tackling the difficult themes of post-traumatic memory. This book explores the range, form, and valences of trauma narratives that permeate the most notable narrative films about the breakup of Yugoslavia. It examines how film plays a part in coming to terms with the traumatic effects that wars have on communities, by ways of forming an archive of publically circulated, mass-mediated cultural memories"--
Back from Afghanistan : the experiences of Soviet Afghan war veterans ; Martyrdom and memory in post-socialist space
The Masada myth : collective memory and mythmaking in Israel
These essays survey the histories, the theories and the fault lines that compose the field of memory research. Drawing on the advances in the sciences and in the humanities, they address the question of how memory works, highlighting transactions between the interiority of subjective memory and the larger fields of public or collective memory.
Twenty years after communism : the politics of memory and commemoration
Cartographies of culture : memory, space, representation
In his iconoclastic and controversial study, Norman G. Finkelstein moves from an interrogation of the place the Holocaust has come to occupy in global culture to a disturbing examination of recent Holocaust compensation settlements. It was not until the Arab–Israeli War of 1967, when Israel’s evident strength brought it into line with US foreign policy, that memory of the Holocaust began to acquire the exceptional prominence it has today. Recalling Holocaust fraudsters such as Jerzy Kosiński and Binjamin Wilkomirski, as well as the demagogic constructions of writers like Daniel Goldhagen, Finkelstein contends that the main danger posed to the memory of Nazism’s victims comes from some of the very people who profess most passionately to defend it. Drawing on a wealth of untapped sources, he exposes the double shakedown of European countries and legitimate Jewish claimants, and concludes that the Holocaust industry has become an outright extortion racket.
Locality, memory, reconstruction : the cultural challenges and possibilities of former single-industry communities
On the basis of a body of reggae songs from the 1970s and late 1990s, this book offers a sociological analysis of memory, hope and redemption in reggae music. From Dennis Brown to Sizzla, the way in which reggae music constructs a musical, religious and socio-political memory in rupture with dominant models is vividly illustrated by the lyrics themselves. How is the past remembered in the present? How does remembering the past allow for imagining the future? How does collective memory participate into the historical grounding of collective identity? What is the relationship between tradition and revolution, between the recollection of the past and the imagination of the future, between passivity and action? Ultimately, this case study of memory at work opens up on a theoretical problem: the conceptualization of time and its relationship with memory.
Towering figures : reading the 9/11 archive
Blood of tyrants
The art of forgetting : disgrace & oblivion in Roman political culture
Present pasts : urban palimpsests and the politics of memory
Contested pasts : the politics of memory
The politics of public memory in Turkey
Bringing the dark past to light : the reception of the Holocaust in postcommunist Europe
Throughout its history, the Kingdom of Israel had strong connections with the Aramaean world. Constantly changing relations, from rivalry and military conflicts to alliances and military cooperation, affected the history of the whole Levant and left their marks on both Biblical and extra-Biblical sources. New studies demonstrate that Israelite state formation was contemporaneous with the formation of the Aramaean polities (11th-9th centuries BCE). Consequently, the Jordan Valley (and especially its northern parts and its extension to the valley of Lebanon) was a constantly changing border zone between different Iron Age polities. In light of that, there is a need to study the history of Ancient Israel not only from the "Canaanite" point of view but also within the political and cultural context of the Aramaean world. This volume brings together experts working in different fields to address the relations and interactions between Aram and Israel during the Early Iron Age (12th to 8th centuries BCE).
Troubled apologies among Japan, Korea, and the United States
Heritage, ideology, and identity in Central and Eastern Europe : contested pasts, contested presents
"The Korean War has been called the "forgotten war," not as studied as World War II or Vietnam. Choi examines the collective memory of the Korean War through five discrete memory sites in the United States and South Korea, including the PBS documentary Battle for Korea, the Korean War Memorial in Salt Lake City, and the statue of General Douglas MacArthur in Incheon, South Korea. She contends that these sites are not static; rather, they are active places where countermemories of the war clash with the official state-sanctioned remembrance. Through lively and compelling analysis of these memory sites, which include two differing accounts of the No Gun Ri massacre\--contemporaneous journalism and oral histories by survivors\--Choi shows diverse narratives of the Korean War competing for dominance in acts of remembering. Embattled Memories is an important interdisciplinary work in two fields, memory studies and public history, from an understudied perspective, that of witnesses to the Korean War. "--
Collective memory of political events : social psychological perspectives
Identity and foreign policy : Baltic-Russian relations and European integration
Throughout Canada, provincial, federal, and municipal archives exist to house the records we produce. Some conceive of these institutions as old and staid, suggesting that archives are somehow trapped in the past. But archives are more than resources for professional scholars and interested individuals. With an increasing emphasis on transparency in government and public institutions, archives have become essential tools for accountability. Better Off Forgetting? offers a reappraisal of archives and a look at the challenges they face in a time when issues of freedom of information, privacy, technology, and digitization are increasingly important. The contributors argue that archives are essential to contemporary debates about public policy and make a case for more status, funding, and influence within public bureaucracies. While stimulating debate about our rapidly changing information environment, Better Off Forgetting? focuses on the continuing role of archives in gathering and preserving our collective memory.
How has memory - collective and individual - influenced European politics after the Second World War and after 1989 in particular? How has the past been used in domestic struggles for power, and how have 'historical lessons' been applied in foreign policy? While there is now a burgeoning field of social and cultural memory studies, mostly focused on commemorations and monuments, this volume is the first to examine the connection between memory and politics directly. It investigates how memory is officially recast, personally reworked and often violently re-instilled after wars, and, above all, the ways memory shapes present power constellations. The chapters combine theoretical innovation in their approach to the study of memory with deeply historical, empirically based case studies of major European countries. The volume concludes with reflections on the ethics of memory, and the politics of truth, justice and forgetting after 1945 and 1989.
In search of better times : myth and memory in Eastern and Central Europe
Memory, history, nation : contested pasts
Shadows of war : a social history of silence in the twentieth century
Time and memory in reggae music : the politics of hope
Revisiting India's partition : new essays on memory, culture, and politics
Summaries in English.
Memory and power in post-war Europe : studies in the presence of the past
Funerals, politics, and memory in modern France, 1789-1996
Weight of the past : memory , myth, and policies of China's 'Century of national humiliation'
Politics of commemoration on the streets of 1920s Helsinki
The collective memory reader
States of memory : continuities, conflicts, and transformations in national retrospection
A biological philosophy. Vol. 1, The case against Noam Chomsky. Vol. 2, Mental processing
"There are few terms or concepts that have, in the last twenty or so years, rivaled collective memory for attention in the humanities and social sciences. Indeed, use of the term has extended far beyond scholarship to the realm of politics and journalism, where it has appeared in speeches at the centers of power and on the front pages of the world's leading newspapers. The current efflorescence of interest in memory, however, is no mere passing fad: it is a hallmark characteristic of our age and a crucial site for understanding our present social, political, and cultural conditions. Scholars and others in numerous fields have thus employed the concept of collective memory, sociological in origin, to guide their inquiries into diverse, though allegedly connected, phenomena. Nevertheless, there remains a great deal of confusion about the meaning, origin, and implication of the term and the field of inquiry it underwrites. This book presents, organizes, and evaluates past work and contemporary contributions on the questions raised under the rubric of collective memory. Combining seminal texts, hard-to-find classics, previously untranslated references, and contemporary landmarks, it will serve as an essential resource for teaching and research in the field. In addition, in both its selections as well as in its editorial materials, it suggests a novel life-story for the field, one that appreciates recent innovations but only against the background of a long history. In addition to its major editorial introduction, which outlines a useful past for contemporary memory studies, The Collective Memory Reader includes five sections-Precursors and Classics; History, Memory, and Identity; Power, Politics, and Contestation; Media and Modes of Transmission; Memory, Justice, and the Contemporary Epoch-comprising ninety-one texts." --Publisher's description.
Memory, politics and religion : the past meets the present in Europe
China's unequal treaties : narrating national history
Popular culture in Asia : memory, city, celebrity
Memories of the slave trade : ritual and the historical imagination in Sierra Leone
History, memory and politics in Central and Eastern Europe : memory games
Global memoryscapes : contesting remembrance in a transnational age
Museums and migration : history, memory and politics
Memory and representation in contemporary Europe : the persistence of the past
Shadows of trauma : memory and the politics of postwar identity
Memory in culture
Memories of mass repression : narrating life stories in the aftermath of atrocity
The Ashgate research companion to memory studies
Politics and the art of commemoration : memorials to struggle in Latin America and Spain
Music and monumentality : commemoration and wonderment in nineteenth-century Germany
Reconciling community and subjective life : trauma testimony as political theorizing in the work of Jean Améry and Imre Kertész
Diaspora and memory : figures of displacement in contemporary literature, arts and politics
Memory and the impact of political transformation in public space
Soundscapes : exploring music in a changing world
Geography and memory : explorations in identity, place and becoming
Better off forgetting? : essays on archives, public policy, and collective memory
The Holocaust Industry: Reflections on the Exploitation of Jewish Suffering
Race, empire, and the idea of human development
Nordic Cold War cultures : ideological promotion, public reception, and East-West interactions
Contested and shared places of memory : history and politics in North Eastern Europe
Balkan memories : media constructions of national and transnational history
Nation and religion : the politics of commemoration in South-East Poland
Evoking Polish memory : state, self and the Communist past in transition
The merits of memory : concepts, context, debates
Why do certain places and not others symbolically capture the past and freeze time? Likewise, why does the process of memory, as a fluid and changing activity, seem to prevent its own solidification? "Memory and Representation in Contemporary Europe" reflects not only on the persistence of the past as a theme linked to modernity, media and time, but also discusses the politics of memory within a changing Europe. Drawing on the theoretical work of Hannah Arendt, Isaiah Berlin and Zygmunt Bauman, Siobhan Kattago uses examples from both Germany and Estonia in order to address the multiple layers of Europe's totalitarian past. Through reflecting on the legacy of totalitarianism and the revolutions of 1989, it becomes clear that the issue is less of whether one should remember, but rather how to internalize the various lessons of the past for the future of Europe. "Memory and Representation in Contemporary Europe" thus offers the reader occasions upon which to take stock of different but overlapping contours of past and present in contemporary Europe.
Predicting the Past : The Munich Template and the Suez Crisis
"Why do ruling classes fear history?", and other questions
Whose memory? Which future? : remembering ethnic cleansing and lost cultural diversity in East, Central, and Southeastern Europe
A few weeks after the reunification of Germany, Leonard Bernstein raised his baton above the ruins of the Berlin Wall and conducted a special arrangement of Beethoven's ninth symphony. The central statement of the work, that "all men will be brothers," captured the sentiment of those who saw a brighter future for the newly reunited nation. This now-iconic performance is a palpable example of "musical monumentality" - a significant concept which underlies our cultural and ideological understanding of Western art music since the nineteenth-century. Although the concept was first raised in the earliest years of musicological study in the 1930s, a satisfying exploration of the "monumental" in music has not yet been made. Alexander Rehding, one of the brightest young stars in the field, takes on the task in Music and monumentality, an elegant, thorough treatment that will serve as a foundation for all future discussion in this area.
Social and behavioural  sciences for nurses : an integrated approach
Varietes of silence : collective memory of the holocaust in Finland
The making of modern Turkey : nation and state in Eastern Anatolia, 1913-1950
Peripheral memories : public and private forms of experiencing and narrating the past
The heritage of war
Where memory dwells : culture and state violence in Chile
"This collection contains nineteen interdisciplinary essays that explore the continuing cultural, political, and social impact of the Partition on India, Pakistan and Bangladesh as well as in the South Asian diaspora. It focuses on neglected areas in the existing scholarship on the subject--themes as well as regions within South Asia--that illustrate Vazira Zamindar's idea of a 'Long Partition'"--Provided by publisher.
Understanding heritage and memory
Dislocated screen memory : narrating trauma in post-Yugoslav cinema
