http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21093 self-injurious behavior
self-injurious behavior
Sweet deception
Sharp objects
All my puny sorrows
A humorous account of a New York City teenager's battle with depression and his time spent in a psychiatric hospital / Library of Congress.
The water children
Art and the wish to die
November of the soul : the enigma of suicide
Distorted bodies and suffering souls : women in Australian fiction, 1984-1994
Childhood social exclusion and suicidal behavior in adolescence and young adulthood
The clinical science of suicide prevention
Eight years ago, Charlie lost her brother in a mountaineering accident. She's come a long way since, or rather has fallen a long way down... A drop out, an alcoholic and promiscuous to boot, she is a constant disappointment to her family. Eight years ago, Richard Davenport watched his best friend die. Now a successful businessman, he's never forgotten the promise he made to Charlie's brother that he would keep her safe. But how do you go about saving someone hell-bent on self-destruction? One night Charlie goes too far and Richard is her only option for help. Can he break through and stop her lying to herself? Or will Charlie finally succeed in tumbling over the edge...
Drinking to death : traditional masculinity,  alcohol and shame in Finnish metal lyrics
Rewire : change your brain to break bad habits, overcome addictions, conquer self-destructive behavior
"A temporary solution to a permanent problem" : how to care for individuals with self-destructive behaviors in open-care
Nervous system medications and suicidal ideation and behaviour : the Northern Finland Birth Cohort 1966
Sayonara, Zetsubou-sensei : the power of negative thinking. 2
Around the world, more than a million people die by suicide each year. Yet many of us know very little about a tragedy that may strike our own loved ones, and much of what we think we know is wrong. This book dismantles myth after myth to bring compassionate and accurate understanding of a massive international killer. Drawing on a fascinating array of clinical cases, media reports, literary works, and scientific studies, the author demolishes both moralistic and psychotherapeutic cliches. He shows that suicide is not easy, painless, cowardly, rash, vengeful, or selfish. It is not a manifestation of "suppressed rage" or a side effect of medication. It is not caused by breast augmentation, medicines, "slow" methods like smoking or anorexia, or, as some psychoanalysts once thought, things like masturbation. Threats of suicide, far from being idle, are often followed by serious attempts. People who are prevented once from killing themselves will not necessarily try again. The risk for suicide, he argues, is partly genetic and is influenced by often agonizing mental disorders. Vulnerability to suicide may be anticipated and treated. Most important, suicide can be prevented. The author, an expert whose own father's death by suicide changed his life, is relentless in his pursuit of the truth about suicide and deeply sympathetic to such tragic waste of life and the pain it causes those left behind.--Book jacket.
Depressed adolescents grow up : prevalence, course and clinical risk factors of non-suicidal self-injury, suicidal ideation and suicide attempts
The fall
Identifying, assessing, and treating self-injury at school
Helping children and young people who self-harm : an introduction to self-harming and suicidal behaviours for health professionals
Life satisfaction as a health predictor
Suicidal behaviour in bipolar disorder
The Oxford handbook of religion and violence
Routledge handbook of deviant behavior
Thorn Jack : a night and nothing novel
The international handbook of suicide and attempted suicide
Challenging behavior and developmental disability
Sayonara, Zetsubou-sensei : the power of negative thinking. 1
Sayonara, Zetsubou-sensei : the power of negative thinking. 3
Helping adolescents who self-mutilate : a practice theory
Dialectical behavior therapy with suicidal adolescents
The gender of suicide : knowledge production, theory and suicidology
Acute drug poisoning : outcome and factors affecting outcome
Stress, culture & aggression
Responding to self-harm in children and adolescents : a professional's guide to identification, intervention and support
Elfrieda, a world-renowned pianist, glamorous, wealthy, happily married: she wants to die. Yolandi, divorced, broke, sleeping with the wrong men as she tries to find true love: she desperately wants to keep her older sister alive. But Elf's latest suicide attempt is a shock: she is three weeks away from the opening of her highly anticipated international tour. Can she be nursed back to "health" in time? Does it matter? As the situation becomes ever more complicated, Yoli faces the most terrifying decision of her life.
The tender cut : inside the hidden world of self-injury
Our happy time
Leadership is a matter of life and death : the psychodynamics of Eros and Thanatos working in organisations
Depression and your child : a guide for parents and caregivers
Working with adolescents and young adults : a contemporary psychodynamic approach
Bullying behaviour in relation to psychiatric disorders, suicidality and criminal offences : a study of under-age adolescent inpatients in Northern Finland
Self-injury in youth : the essential guide to assessment and intervention
Sisters unlimited : the guide to life, love, bodies and being you
Self-harm among young people : a literature review
It's kind of a funny story
Myths about suicide
International handbook of suicide prevention : research, policy and practice
Sayonara, Zetsubou-sensei : the power of negative thinking. 4
All the bright places
The scarred soul : understanding & ending self-inflicted violence
Finnish summary.
The neurobiology of suicide : from the bench to the clinic
"Over 800 000 people die by suicide every year – that's one person every 40 seconds. Yet these deaths are preventable. In WHO's first suicide report “Preventing suicide: a global imperative” information is included on what is known about suicide across the world, groups at particular risk of suicide, and what can be done at both societal and individual level to reduce the number of deaths from suicide." --
"Told in alternating voices, when Theodore Finch and Violet Markey meet on the ledge of the bell tower at school--both teetering on the edge--it's the beginning of an unlikely relationship, a journey to discover the "natural wonders" of the state of Indiana, and two teens' desperate desire to heal and save one another"
Myth of martyrdom : what really drives suicide bombers, rampage shooters, and other self-destructive killers
Self-injurious behavior : assessment and treatment
Personality disorders and suicide : theory and research
Suicide : the tragedy of hopelessness
Catch me when I fall
Cobain : montage of heck
Conduct disorder among girls : violent behaviour, suicidality and comorbidity : a study of adolescent inpatients in Northern Finland
Conduct disorder among girls: violent behaviour, suicidality and comorbidity : a study of adolescent inpatients in Northern Finland
Care of the suicidal person
SUICIDAL TENDENCY AND SELF-HARM AMONG TEENAGERS IN THE HELSINKI METROPOLITAN AREA :A LITERATURE REVIEW
Suicidal mass murderers : a criminological study of why they kill
Cry of pain : understanding suicide and the suicidal mind
“A TEMPORARY SOLUTION TO A PERMANENT PROBLEM ”- how to care for individuals with self-destructive behaviors in open-care.
Political self-sacrifice : agency, body and emotion in international relations
That's not a feeling
Cockroach
Acute drug poisoning: outcome and factors affecting outcome
Sharp objects : a novel
