http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21017 apophatic theology
apophatic theology negative theology
A new apophaticism : Augustine and the redemption of Signs
Pluralism : the future of religion
Theology of religions has defaulted in the last two decades to an epicyclic inclusivism which seeks to undermine pluralism with claims that it is covertly triumphalistic and that it mirrors the logic of exclusivism. With the exception of pioneers in the field such as John Hick and Paul Knitter, most major figures in this theological field have retreated from pluralism and promote versions of particularism and inclusivism. Pluralism: The Future of Religion argues for an apophatic pluralism that is motivated by the insight that it is impossible to secure universal assent for changeable bodies of religious teachings. This insight implies the non-finality and consequent 'departicularization' of all religious teachings and their inclusivistic defenses. These conclusions point us inevitably toward pluralism and lead us out of the inclusivistic impasse of contemporary theology in religions.
Being with God : trinity, apophaticism, and divine-human communion
For the medieval mystical tradition, the Christian soul meets God in a 'cloud of unknowing', a divine darkness of ignorance. This meeting with God is beyond all knowing and beyond all experiencing. Mysticisms of the modern period, on the contrary, place 'mystical experience' at the centre, and contemporary readers are inclined to misunderstand the medieval tradition in 'experientialist' terms. Denys Turner argues that the distinctiveness and contemporary relevance of medieval mysticism lies precisely in its rejection of 'mystical experience', and locates the mystical firmly within the grasp of the ordinary and the everyday. The argument covers some central authorities in the period from Augustine to John of the Cross.
In A New Apophaticism Susannah Ticciati draws on Augustine to develop an apophatic theology for the twenty-first century. Shifting the focus away from the potential and failure of words to say something about God, the book suggests that the purpose of God-language is to transform human beings in their relationship with God. Augustine's doctrine of predestination is read, with the help of speech-act theory and indexical studies, for its power to effect redemptive change; and his De doctrina christiana is drawn upon for its semiotics. Together they make way for the hypothesis that God-language transforms human beings into better signs of God.
One word, one body, one voice : studies in apophatic theology and christocentric anthropology in Gregory of Nyssa
Gregory of Nyssa and the grasp of faith : union, knowledge, and divine presence
Augustine's way of speaking about God has been frequently deplored. It has been dismissed as too confident regarding the content of its assertions and too narrowly confined. The reception of Augustine's work appears to indicate that there was not a little truth to this view. Augustine's affirmative statements on God's essence and activities constituted the 'initial capital' of Christian theology and spirituality. In contemporary religion, a tendency is in evidence to deny that too specific an image of God can really contain absolute truth. Fully formulated religious truths have to be placed in perspective, or must even be deconstructed, especially if the suspicion arises that they inhibit openness to authentic religious experiences of unity and harmony. Given such an outlook on religion, it seems understandable that those who take contemporary culture's renewed interest in religion seriously ignored Augustine's work as an authoritative source for 'post-Christian' discourse about God.
The unknown God : negative theology in the Platonic tradition: Plato to Eriugena
Wrestling with angels : conversations in modern theology
The darkness of God : negativity in Christian mysticism
Clement of Alexandria and the beginnings of Christian apophaticism
The incomprehensibility of God : Augustine as a negative theologian
Church in the making : an apophatic ecclesiology of consubstantiality
One word, one body, one voice : studies in apophatic theology and Christocentric anthropology in Gregory of Nyssa
Becoming God : the doctrine of theosis in Nicholas of Cusa
