http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21044 dishonesty
dishonesty
The (honest) truth about dishonesty : how we lie to everyone - especially ourselves
Burdens of proof : faith, doubt and identity in autobiography
Fraud risk management : a practical guide for accountants
Wheelmen : Lance Armstrong, the Tour de France, and the greatest sports conspiracy ever
Lying and deception : theory and practice
Soul traders
The post-truth era : dishonesty and deception in contemporary life
The confidence game : the psychology of the con and why we fall for it every time
Celia and Djuna ruled their clique of friends with dual iron fists. But when Djuna disappeared while the duo was walking home together, Celia buried the terrible truth of that day deep down inside. Now, twenty years later, Celia is unable to consciously keep her secret any longer. Despite her success, her personal life has fallen stagnant, and, buried under the weight of her awful past, Celia returns to her hometown to confess her sins.
New directions in interpersonal communication research
After greenwashing : symbolic corporate environmentalism and society
"Some philosophers argue that false speech and false belief are impossible. In the Sophist, Plato addresses this 'falsehood paradox', which purports to prove that one can neither say nor believe falsehoods (because to say or believe a falsehood is to say or believe something that is not, and is therefore not there to be said or believed). In this book Paolo Crivelli closely examines the whole dialogue and shows how Plato's brilliant solution to the paradox is radically different from those put forward by modern philosophers. He surveys and critically discusses the vast range of literature which has developed around the Sophist over the past fifty years, and provides original solutions to several problems that are so far unsolved. His book will be important for all who are interested in the Sophist and in ancient ontology and philosophy of language more generally"--
Seven deadly sins : my pursuit of Lance Armstrong
The Lomborg deception : setting the record straight about global warming
Studies in symbolic interaction
Elizabeth Barber is crossing the Atlantic by liner with her perfectly adequate boyfriend, Derek, who might be planning to propose. In fleeing the UK - temporarily - Elizabeth may also be in flight from her past and the charismatic Arthur, once her partner in what she came to see as a series of crimes. Together they acted as fake mediums, perfecting the arcane skills practised by effective frauds. Elizabeth finally rejected what once seemed an intoxicating game. Arthur continued his search for the right way to do wrong. The pair still meet occasionally, for weekends of sexual oblivion, but their affection lacerates as much as it consoles. She hadn't, though, expected the other man on the boat...
Deception in the marketplace : the psychology of deceptive persuasion and consumer self-protection
"Thomas Carson offers the most comprehensive and up-to-date investigation of moral and conceptual questions about lying and deception. Part I addresses conceptual questions and offers definitions of lying, deception, and related concepts such as withholding information, 'keeping someone in the dark', and 'half truths'. Part II deals with questions in ethical theory. Carson argues that standard debates about lying and deception between act-utilitarians and their critics are inconclusive because they rest on appeals to disputed moral intuitions. He defends a version of the golden rule and a theory of moral reasoning. His theory implies that there is a moral presumption against lying and deception that causes harm - a presumption at least as strong as that endorsed by act-utilitarianism. He uses this theory to justify his claims about the issues he addresses in Part III: deception and withholding information in sales, deception in advertising, bluffing in negotiations, the duties of professionals to inform clients, lying and deception by leaders as a pretext for fighting wars, and lying and deception about history (with special attention to the Holocaust), and cases of distorting the historical record by telling half-truths. Carson concludes with a qualified defence of the view that honesty is a virtue."--BOOK JACKET.
(Dis)honesty in management : manifestations and consequences
Liars and outliers : enabling the trust that society needs to thrive
Game of thrones and philosophy : logic cuts deeper than swords
The Blue Book
Children's interpersonal trust : sensitivity to lying, deception, and promise violations
Dishonesty inspires more euphemisms than copulation or defecation. This helps desensitize us to its implications. In the post-truth era we don't just have truth and lies but a third category of ambiguous statements that are not exactly the truth but fall just short of a lie. Enhanced truth it might be called. Neo-truth. Soft truth. Faux truth. Truth lite." Deception has become the modern way of life. Where once the boundary line between truth and lies was clear and distinct, it is no longer so. In the post-truth era, deceiving others has become a challenge, a game, a habit. High-profile dissemblers compete for news coverage, from journalists like Jayson Blair and professors like Joseph Ellis to politicians (of all stripes), executives, and "creative" accountants. Research suggests that the average American tells multiple lies on a daily basis, often for no good reason. Not a finger-wagging scolding, The Post-Truth Era is a combination of Ralph Keyes's investigative journalism and solid science. The result is a spirited exploration of why we lie about practically everything and the consequences such casual dishonesty has on society. American society has become permeated from top to bottom by deception. Its consequences for the nature of public discourse, media, business, literature, academia, and politics are profound. With dry humor, passionate fervor, and deep understanding, Ralph Keyes takes us on a tour of a world where truth and honesty are no longer absolutes but mutable, fluid concepts.
An ethics of betrayal : the politics of otherness in emergent U.S. literatures and culture
Deceit and self-deception : fooling yourself the better to fool others
The false friend : a novel
Web of deceit : misinformation and manipulation in the age of social media
It's all mine!, or, Little Raven's mischief
Plato's account of falsehood : a study of the Sophist
Some lie and some die
Swindled : from poison sweets to counterfeit coffee : the dark history of the food cheats
Biography & autobiography.
Cheating lessons : learning from academic dishonesty
Misleading cases
Betrayers of the truth
Telling lies : clues to deceit in the marketplace, politics, and marriage
The blue book
Perceived social acceptability of deception as a function of culture, motive and relationship : a cross-cultural study of majority speech communities in Finland, China and the United States
The Oxford handbook of neuroethics
The strange last voyage of Donald Crowhurst
Deception : from ancient empires to Internet dating
Deception in selection : interviewees and the psychology of deceit
Lying and deception in human interaction
The confidence game : why we fall for it ... every time
When Lance Armstrong fought back from life-threatening cancer to win the 1999 Tour de France - the so-called 'Tour of Renewal' - it seemed almost too good to be true. It was. Sunday Times journalist David Walsh was one of a small group who was prepared to raise awkward questions about Armstrong's seemingly superhuman feats. And so began a 13-year battle to reveal the truth that finally ended in October 2012 when the cyclist was stripped of his seven Tour victories and banned from the sport for life. Walsh's gripping and moving personal account of his struggles is a revealing insight into the murkier end of professional cycling - a place where having the right doctor can make all the difference and where there existed a conspiracy of silence. As he shows, it never was about the bike. However, spurred on by a few brave people who were prepared to speak out in the hope of saving the sport they loved, Walsh continued to probe, and eventually he was vindicated when Armstrong's reputation was ruined. Seven Deadly Sins takes the reader into a world of doping and lies, but shows that there is always hope for a better future.
Fog of falsehood : Russian strategy of deception and the conflict in Ukraine
