http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21016 antiheroes
antiheroes
Dead Pool team-up : Good buddies
Polarity : Volume one
Ratchet & Clank : PS4
The perdition score
Ghost rider : ultimate collection
What would middle school be like if half your classmates had super powers? It's time for Penny Akk to find out. Her latest (failed) attempt to become a superhero has inspired the rest of the kids in her school to reveal their own powers.  Now, all of her relationships are changing. She has a not-at-all-secret admirer, who wants to be Penny's partner almost as much as she wants to be Penny's rival. The meanest girl in school has gained super powers and lost her mind. Can Penny help her find a better one? Can she help an aging supervillain connect with his daughter, and mend the broken hearts of two of the most powerful people in the world? And in all this, where will she find time for her own supervillainous fun, or even more dangerous, to start dating?  It's going to be a long, strange semester.
The story of Kullervo
Television antiheroines : women behaving badly in crime and prison drama
The dog
The getaway god
Blade of the immortal. Vol. 23, Scarlet swords
The sea-stone sword
Interesting times : a Discworld novel
Imagine a city within a city, where monsters walk the street and magic fills the night. This is New York, but not as you know it. This New York is a city of magic and monsters. Where ordinary people live alongside demons and nightmares, completely unaware of them. New York is home to M, a man with a past...and a secret. He knows more about the creatures who call his city home than anyone else in the world. He walks between the two worlds, at home in neither but more than comfortable in both. M is the man the monsters call when things get bad. And things are about to get really, really bad.
The liar's key
Mirror of the soul
Deadpool : Xbox One
Sparrow net
Eric : a Discworld novel
Martin misunderstood
The shipping news
Jerry Cornelius : his life and his times
A hell of a woman
Tomorrow the killing
Elric of Melniboné
Fun with Buddy + Lisa : [a Hate collection]
The star-spangled adventures of Captain Freebird
Zenith. phase two
The making of zombie wars
For tomorrow
Penelope Akk wants to be a superhero. She's got superhero parents. She's got the ultimate mad science power, filling her life with crazy gadgets even she doesn't understand. She has two super-powered best friends. In middle school, the line between good and evil looks clear. In real life, nothing is that clear. All it takes is one hero's sidekick picking a fight, and Penny and her friends are labeled supervillains. In the process, Penny learns a hard lesson about villainy: She's good at it. Criminal masterminds, heroes in power armor, bottles of dragon blood, alien war drones, shapeshifters and ghosts, no matter what the super powered world throws at her, Penny and her friends come out on top. They have to. If she can keep winning, maybe she can clear her name before her mom and dad find out.
The Adventuress : the irresistible rise of Miss Cath Fox
Kill city blues
DeadPool : Dead head redemption
Marshal Law : the deluxe edition
Momus is the most ambitious literary creation of Leon Battista Alberti, the famous humanist-scientist-artist and "universal man" of the Italian Renaissance. In this dark comedy, written around 1450, Alberti charts the lively fortunes of his anti-hero Momus, the unscrupulous and vitriolic god of criticism. Alberti deploys his singular erudition and wit to satirize subjects from court life and politics to philosophy and intellectuals, from grand architectural designs to human and divine folly. The possible contemporary resonance of Alberti's satire--read variously as a humanist roman-à-clef and as a veiled mockery of the mid-Quattrocento papacy--is among its most intriguing aspects. While his more famous books on architecture, painting, and family life have long been regarded as indispensable to a study of Renaissance culture, Momus has recently attracted increasing attention from scholars as a work anticipating the realism of Machiavelli and the satiric wit of Erasmus. This edition provides a new Latin text, the first to be based on the two earliest manuscripts, both corrected by Alberti himself, and includes the first full translation into English.
Deadpool : world's greatest. [Vol. 4], Temporary insanitation
Captain in calico
I am sort of a loser
Deadpool Vs. Carnage
Putting the boot in
Everybody loves Tank Girl
Supervillains do not merely play hooky.  True, coming back to school after a month spent fighting - and defeating - adult superheroes is a bit of a comedown for the Inscrutable Machine. When offered the chance to skip school in the most dramatic way possible, Penelope Akk can't resist. With the help of a giant spider and mysterious red goo, she builds a spaceship and flies to Jupiter.  Mutant goats. Secret human colonies. A war between three alien races with humanity as the prize. Robot overlords and evil plots. Penny and her friends find all this and more on Jupiter's moons, but what they don't find are any heroes to save the day.  Fortunately, they have an angry eleven year old and a whole lot of mad science...
Transmetropolitan. 2 : Lust for life
Polarity. Volume one
The Shade
Jack London's new-womanish heroines Frona Welse, Margaret West and Saxon Roberts
Institutionalized
Shadows and secrets
Bloody Chester
Please don't tell my parents I blew up the Moon
Prince of fools
Farmer Giles of Ham : ... the rise and wonderful adventures of Farmer Giles, Lord of Tame, Count of Worminghall and King of the Little Kingdom
Prince of Fools
Please don't tell my parents I've got henchmen
Deadpool max : Involuntary Armageddon
Normal
Zenith. phase one
The mark and the void / Paul Murray
Transmetropolitan. 4 : The new scum
Deadpool : world's greatest. [Vol. 5], Civil war II
Buddy does Seattle
She who waits
Tank girl : the royal escape
Transmetropolitan. 5 : Lonely city
On the perfection of anatomy
Dexter is dead
Tommy Storm
Deadpool : PlayStation 3
The wheel of Osheim
I wear the black hat : grappling with villains (real and imagined)
The hundred-year-old man who climbed out of the window and disappeared
Kill the dead
Black Lightning
Worst. Person. Ever
Deadpool : world's greatest. [Vol. 3], Deadpool vs. Sabretooth
Shortcut
Ghost rider : fear itself
Farmer Giles of Ham : ..the rise and wonderful adventures of Farmer Giles, Lord of Tame, Count of Worminghall and King of the Little Kingdom
Highway to Hell
Low Town : the straight razor cure
I am so over being a loser
Ordinary
It's not easy being a half-human, half-angel nephilim with a bad rep and a worse attitude who also has to learn to be human again after 11 years in Hell and a brief stint as Lucifer (yep). But that's the least of James Stark/Sandman Slim's worries. For the old gods, the Angra Om Ya, are poised to invade. LA is descending into chaos. And the Wildfire Ripper is stalking the city. No ordinary killer, he takes Stark deep into a conspiracy that stretches from Earth, to Heaven and Hell. The Ripper might be only person alive who knows how to save the world, but he's also Stark's worst enemy, the only man in existence Stark would happily kill twice.
Suicide Squad most wanted : Katana
Deadpool : PlayStation 4
Deadpool max : Second cut
A city dreaming
Please don't tell my parents I'm a supervillain
