http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21042 grasslands
grasslands
Juncus tenuis found in the Åland Islands, SW Finland
Effects of traffic and fertilization levels on grass yields in northern Norway
Prediction of silage composition and organic matter digestibility from herbage composition and pepsin-cellulase solubility
On the regeneration of Northeuropean bogs. I. Klaukkalan Isosuo in S. Finland
"Implementing grassland management practices that increase carbon uptake by increasing productivity or reducing carbon losses (e.g. through high rates of offtake) can lead to net accumulation of carbon in grassland soils - sequestering atmospheric carbon dioxide (CO2). Globally, the potential to sequester carbon by improving grassland practices or rehabilitating degraded grasslands is substantial - of the same order as that of agricultural and forestry sequestration. Because practices that sequester carbon in grasslands often enhance productivity, policies designed to encourage carbon sequestering grassland management practices could lead to near-term dividends in greater forage production and enhanced producer income. Practices that sequester carbon in grasslands also tend to enhance resilience in the face of climate variability, and are thus likely to enhance longer-term adaptation to changing climates. Developing policies to encourage the adoption of practices that sequester carbon has several significant challenges, such as demonstrating additionality, addressing the potential for losses of sequestered carbon, and engaging smallholders and pastoralists with uncertain land tenure. In addition, the paucity of data in developing countries hampers the measurement, monitoring and verifying of carbon sequestration in response to those practices. This report reviews the current status of opportunities and challenges for grassland carbon sequestration. Based on these observations, the report then identifies components that could foster the inclusion of grasslands in a post-2012 climate agreement, and the development of policies to improve grassland management."--Executive summary.
The effect of nitrogen and phosphorus concentrations on nutrient balances of cereals and grass silage
Nitrogen use in grassland in spring in the Netherlands and elsewhere in Europe: temperature sum, stage of growth, rate and source of nitrogen
Grassland management for organic farmers
Three trials were performed on two organic farms with dairy and suckler cows and using home-produced forage and feed crops, predominantly grass-clover ley, in order to determine whether boron (B) is a limiting factor for legumes on coarse-textured soils in an area predisposed to low B soil concentrations. The effects of B fertilisation (applied as sprayed liquid) on biomass yield, botanical composition and plant macro- and micronutrient concentrations relative to soil concentrations and livestock requirements were investigated. Boron fertilisation (i) did not affect any yield, (ii) increased the white clover percentage significantly in forage on one farm and (iii) increased B concentrations in plants and soil on both farms, and (iv) did not affect concentrations of other nutrients in forage on either farm. Thus, B was not an obvious limiting factor on these farms. Effects of management practices on interactions and   ratios between B, calcium (Ca), potassium (K), magnesium (Mg) and sodium (Na) and their implications are discussed.
Sensitivity of soil phosphorus tests in predicting the potential risk of phosphorus loss from pasture soil
Grasslands of the world
Effects of defoliation height on regrowth of timothy and meadow fescue in the generative and vegetative phases of growth
Relationship between abundance and fecundity in the endangered grassland annual Euphrasia rostkoviana ssp. fennica
Nurmijärvi geophysical observatory : magnetic results 2008
Quality and costs of diabetes care – comparison of two models in primary health care
Grassland ecology
Catá́logo dos mirídeos do mundo = Catalogue of the miridae of the world. 4, Subfamília Mirinae = Subfamily Mirinae
Annual ryegrasses in Atlantic Canada
Evaluation of a handling system for ley crop used in biogas production : capacities and costs for a centralised system = Utvärdering av ett hanteringssystem för vallgröda ämnad för biogasproduktion
Winter damage and low-temperature fungi on leys in North Finland in 1976-1979
Grassland renovation and weed control in Europe : a conference held at Graz, Austria, September 18-21, 1991.
Virallisten lajikekokeiden tulokset 1997-2004 = Results of official variety trials 1997-2004
Nurmijärven taiteen & käsityön tekijät = The artists & craftsmen of Nurmijärvi
Crop protection handbook - Grass and clover swards
Proceedings of the First International Conference on Turfgrass Management and Science for Sports Field : Athens Greece, 2-7 June
Growth analysis of timothy, meadow fescue and red clover mixture in northern Sweden
High value grassland : providing biodiversity, a clean environment and premium products
Primary productivity of grass ecosystems of the tropics and sub-tropics
Magnetic results from Nurmijärvi Geophysical Observatory 1989.
How grasses grow
The quality of grass samples used for animal feed by combining mycotoxin measures and mycological determination of mycobiota were explored. The samples of the plant material were collected in 2014 in two stages: before the first mowing (May-June) and before the second one (July-August) from the fields of stock-farms located in northwestern part of the Russia. All samples were divided into three types: grasses, mixture of different grasses and clover, alfalfa mixed with timothy. The occurrence of aflatoxin B1, alternariol, citrinin, cyclopiazonic acid, deoxynivalenol, diacetoxyscirpenol, emodin, ergot alkaloids, fumonisins, mycophenolic acid, ochratoxin A, PR-toxin, roridin A, sterigmatocystin, T-2 toxin, and zearalenone were determined using ELISA. The multiple fungal and mycotoxin contaminations are already formed in plant tissues by the moment of first mowing. The complexes of mycotoxins including up to 14-16 components and the combined character of plant contamination quite correspond to the taxonomic variety of mycobiota.
Creeping bentgrass management : summer stresses, weeds and selected maladies
Magnetic results from Helsinki magnetic-meteorological observatory. Part II, Geomagnetic activity 1844-1856
Virallisten lajikekokeiden tulokset 1996-2003 = Results of official variety trials 1996-2003
Field and laboratory methods for grassland and animal production research
Weeds, pests and diseases of grassland and herbage legumes : proceedings of a Symposium held at the University of Nottingham, 10-12 April 1985
The grass crop : the physiological basis of production
The grass crop : its development, use and maintenance
Meadow foxtail : a production guide
Perennial forage and pasture crops : proceedings of the 13th Nordic graduate course in plant production
Estimated metabolizable energy yields of perennial and annual grass swards compared with those of spring barley and oat
Nurmijärvi Geophysical Observatory : magnetic results 2006
Vegetation changes after cessation of grazing management in the Jizerské Mountains (Czech Republic)
The experience of pastoral landscapes
Bone mineral accrual in physically active girls : with special reference to reduction in physical activity level and use of oral contraceptives
On the relative location of the plasmapause and the HF backscatter curtains
Dairy cow excreta patches change the boreal grass swards from sink to source of methane
Waste composts as nitrogen fertilizers for forage leys
Virallisten lajikokeiden tulokset 1994 - 2001 = Results of officialvariety trials 1994 - 2001
Technical change in Finnish grass silage production
Lowland grasslands of Europe: utilization and development
Turfgrass soil fertility and chemical problems : assessment and management
In vitro rumen methane output of forb species sampled in spring and summer
Managing grass for horses : the responsible owner's guide
Grass : its production and utilization
Nurmijärvi geophysical observatory : magnetic results 2007
Grasses and grassland ecology
Magnetic results from Nurmijärvi Geophysical Observatory 1988.
Forage crops
Paavo Nurmi Congress book : [advanced European course on sports medicine] : [50th anniversary of the Finnish Society of Sports Medicine] : [August 28th - September 1st, 1989 Turku, Finland]
Stem anatomy of annual legume intercropping components: white lupin (Lupinus albus L.), narbonne (Vicia narbonensis L.) and common (Vicia sativa L.) vetches
Forages. Vol. 1, An introduction to grassland agriculture
Improved grassland management
Fundamentals of turfgrass and agricultural chemistry
Accumulation of metals in Finnish raised bogs
Breeding high yielding forage varieties combined with high seed yield : report of the meeting of the Fodder Crops Section at the Centre of Agricultural Research in Merelbeke - Gent (Belgium) 8-10 September 1981.
Virallisten lajikekokeiden tulokset 2003-2010 = Results of official variety trials 2003-2010
Challenges and opportunities for carbon sequestration in grassland systems : a technical report on grassland management and climate mitigation
The main objective of the study was to compare nutrient balances of phosphorus (P), potassium (K), magnesium (Mg) and calcium (Ca) on fertilized grass pasture (high input) and unfertilized grass-clover pasture (low input) both grazed by dairy cattle. The second aim was to quantify P loss in surface runoff from the fertilized grass pasture. The study was conducted on a lysimeter field that included two surface runoff collector ditches. The whole area was rotationally stocked five times per year and the amount of milk was recorded. Nutrient balances were negative on both grass and grass-clover pastures except the P balance for grass pasture, which was 18 kg ha-1 positive. The amount of total P in the surface runoff from fertilized grass pasture was 1.2-0.9 kg ha-1 y-1. It seems that in short-term ley farming, grass-clover swards can retain nutrients in the soil better than pure grass swards.
Paavo Nurmi : Flying Finn - a lifetime in one hour
Grassland signals : a practical guide for getting the most out of grassland
Nurmijärvi geophysical observatory : magnetic results 2005
Virallisten lajikekokeiden tulokset 2006-2013 = Results of official variety trials 2006-2013
Nitrogen cycling on intensively managed boreal dairy pastures
Distribution and reproduction of dung beetles in a varying environment : implications for conservation of semi-natural grasslands
Environmental management in agriculture : European perspectives
Agronomy of grassland systems
Seed bank, seed rain and community regeneration in Estonian calcareous grasslands
Forage can potentially be food resource for pig feeding in the tropics. The palatability of silages by pigs may be better than that of fresh forage. Foliage silage contains more dry matter than green forage and has a pleasant smell. Thirty commercial pigs (47.0 ± 4.7 kg live weight LW), were used to assess the silage intake capacity of pigs when feeding the legumes Clitoria ternatea, Centrosema brasilianum, Cratylia argentea and the Brachiaria grass hybrid Mulato II. The silages were offered ad libitum as a supplement to a normal balanced diet based on maize and soy bean meal. A crossover design was applied comprising five treatments, Control and the four silage supplements respectively. Daily consumption of dry matter -expressed in g of DMkg-1 metabolic LW- were similar (p>0.05) for diets containing C. argentea, C. ternatea and the Control. Daily consumption of C. brasilianum and Brachiaria was significantly lower (p<0.001). In conclusion, C. argentea and C. ternatea silages have the potential to serve as feed supplement in pig diets.
Microbial protein synthesis, digestion and lactation responses of cows to grass or grass-red clover silage diet supplemented with barley or oats
Nurmijärvi geophysical observatory : magnetic results 2004
Fungal species and multiple mycotoxin contamination of cultivated forage crops
Grazing regimes and plant reproduction in semi-natural grasslands
Effects of grassland management on the emission of methane from grassland on peat soils
Development of freezing tolerance and vernalisation in forage grasses in field experiments (2009-2013)
Distribution of trace metals and sulfur in the surface peat of Finnish raised bogs
Nitrogen dynamics of organic farming in a crop rotation based on red clover (Trifolium pratense) leys
Residual effect of clover-rich leys on soil nitrogen and successive grain crops
Boron fertilisation of organically managed grass-clover swards on coarse-textured soils: effects on botanical and element composition
Habitat quality indicators and indices based on invertebrate communities : nature monitoring in the eastern Baltic / 2
Soil-bioengineering: ecological restoration with native plant and seed material : conference ; 5. - 9. September 2006 HBLFA Raumberg-Gumpenstein = Ingenieurbiologie: Begrünung mit standortgerechtem Saat- und Pflanzgut = Ingegneria naturalistica: ripristino della vegetazione con sementi e materiali vegetali idonei al sito
Effect of nitrogen fertilization, grass species and cultivar on sod production on Valkeasuo peat bog - a case study
Natural turf for sport and amenity : science and practice
Reasoned choices : scripta in hororem professoris Hannu Nurmi sexagesimum annum complentis : essays in honour of Academy professor Hannu Nurmi on the occasion of his 60th birthday, August 24, 2004
Nutrient elements in grassland : soil-plant-animal relationships
Results of the official variety trials 2009-2016.
Advances in Pasture and Hay-Meadow management : collection of papers prepared in 1944-1958 by the staff of the Meadow and Pasture Section of the Leningrad Agricultural Institute
Plant physiology and herbage production : proceedings of Symposium organised by the British Grassland Society 7-9 1981, held at the University of Nottingham
A small stand of Slender Rush or Path Rush, Juncus tenuis Willd., was found on trampled gravelly and stony ground at the edge of a car park on a path to café Soltuna on the hills of Geta (Getabergen). There were only 3 larger and 13 small tussocks of the species growing on approximately one square metre. The accompanying vascular plants were few; Agrostis cf. capillaris, Juncus effusus, Leontodon autumnalis, Plantago major subsp. major and Poa annua were the only taxa observed among the rush tussocks. Juncus tenuis was not seen during investigations of the vascular plant flora at Soltuna in 2003 and 2007. Juncus tenuis is introduced from North America to Europe and elsewhere....
Regional distribution and local abundance in the grassland plant Carlina vulgaris in two landscapes in Sweden
The flows and balances of P, K, Ca and Mg on intensively managed Boreal high input grass and low input grass-clover pastures
Mechanics of cutting plant material
Landscape operations : management, methods and materials
The effect of intercropping on stem anatomy of both supporting (Lupinus albus) and supported (Vicia narbonnensis and V. sativa) annual forage legumes was investigated using stereological method. Intercropped plants showed minimal differences in volume densities (Vv) of stem tissues and forage chemical composition compared to sole crops. The proportions of lignin and NDF (Neutral Detergent Fiber) positively correlated with xylem Vv. The proportions of ADF (Acid Detergent Fiber), cellulose and ash in intercropped plants were increased or decreased mostly by less than 10% compared to those in pure stands. The Anatomical Equivalent Ratio (AER) defined as the ratio based on anatomical quality-determining parameters, can assist in the evaluation of the benefits of specific intercropping systems. Intercropping of the legume species studied in this work, especially L. albus with V. sativa, showed encouraging results from anatomical perspective since it would not cause a decline of forage quality.
Nurmijärvi geophysical observatory : magnetic results 2003
Effects of plant species and harvesting system on grassland production in northern Finland
An ecological atlas of grassland plants
Red clover grown in a mixture with grasses : yield, persistence and dynamics of quality characteristics
Seed production characters and germination performance of reed canary grass in Finland
The voluntary intake in growing pigs of four ensiled forage species
Virallisten lajikekokeiden tulokset 2008-2015 = Results of the official variety trials 2008-2015
Irrigated pastures in western Canada
Seven brothers
Municipal land fills on peatland in Finland
Energy efficient model for biogas production in farm scale
Nurmijärvi geophysical observatory : magnetic results 2009
Results of the official variety trials 2008-2015.
We studied methane (CH₄) flux rates from experimental excreta patches on a dairy pasture with a chamber technique during snow free seasons and with a gas gradient technique during winter from timothy-meadow fescue sward with mineral N fertilization (220 kg ha-1) and from grass-white clover mixture without fertilization. The dung and urine patches were applied in June or August two consecutive grazing seasons and the measurements were carried out for a year following each application. There were no significant differences in CH₄  fluxes between plant species and emissions originated mainly from the fresh dung pats. The average annual CH₄ fluxes from the control sites without excreta were -0.60±0.1 and with the excreta 0.47±0.3 kg CH₄ ha-1. Thus, excreta originating from dairy cows can turn boreal swards from weak sinks to small sources of CH₄. However, these emissions are only 0.2% of the total CH₄ emissions from a dairy cow.
Spatial mosaics and vegetation diversity in grassland ecosystems : interacting effects of ants, nematodes and above-ground herbivores
The role of nitrogen in grassland productivity
Feeding value of grass ensiled with absorbents assessed in growing lambs
Report of a Working Group on Forages : Seventh Meeting, 18-20 November 1999, Elvas, Portugal : European Cooperative Programme for Crop Genetic Resources Networks (ECP/GR)
The development of the state of glaciofluvial landscape in Finland
Yellow-flowered lucerne : properties and influence on performance and reproduction of ewes
Nurmijärvi geophysical observatory : magnetic results 2010
Biogas production from high-yielding energy crops in boreal conditions
The chemical composition, in vitro rumen fermentation variables and methane (CH₄) output of a range of common forb species sampled in spring and summer, and grass silage (14 treatments in total), were determined in this study. Dried, milled herbage samples were incubated in an in vitro rumen batch culture with rumen microbial inoculum (rumen fluid) and buffered mineral solution (artificial saliva) at 39 °C for 24 hours. All herbage chemical composition and in vitro rumen fermentation variables were affected (p<0.001) by treatment. Rumex obtusifolius (in spring and summer), Urtica dioica (summer) and Senecio jacobaea (summer) had lower (p<0.05) CH₄ outputs relative to feed dry matter incubated compared with grass silage, reflecting their lower extent of in vitro rumen fermentation.
Grassland carbon sequestration : management, policy and economics : proceedings of the Workshop on the Role of Grassland Carbon Sequestration in Mitigation of Climate Change, Rome, April 2009
Nitrogen fertilizer rates, N balances, and related risk of N leaching in Finnish agriculture
Plant community diversity and habitat relationships in central Argentina grasslands
Impact of increasing concentrations of O[sub 3] and CO[sub 2] on wheat, clover and pasture
