http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2100 temperature
temperature
Development of a Quadcopter Sensor System for Measuring Thermal Profiles of the Lower Atmosphere
Hygiene for management : a text for food safety courses
Infrared thermography in the evaluation of skin temperature : applications in musculoskeletal conditions
Thermal adaptation on an elevational gradient in Malagasy dung beetles
Reconstructions of past climates from documentary and natural sources in Finland since the 18th century
Applications of radiometric measurements in non-contact thermometry and mesopic photometry
Synthesis and applications of macroscopic well-aligned multi-walled carbon nanotube films
Root temperature and plant growth : a review
Ultrasound stimulation of bone and cartilage : interactions in common in vitro and tissue engineering configurations
Seasonal patterns of temperature distribution in Lake Ladoga
Removal of nutrients by algae from municipal wastewater contaminated with heavy metals
Hitsatut painelaiteteräsputket = Welded steel tubes for pressure purposes : tekniset toimitusehdot = technical delivery conditions. 6, Jauhekaarihitsatut seostamattomat teräsputket mataliin käyttölämpötiloihin = Submerged arc welded non-alloy steel tubes with specified low temperature properties
Thermal properties in low dimensional structures below 1K
Tree-ring chronologies are commonly extended back in time by combining samples from living trees with relict material preserved in man-made structures or natural archives (e.g. lakes). Although spatially close, these natural archives and living-tree-sites often comprise different micro-climates. Inhomogeneous growth conditions among these habitats, which may yield offsets in growth-rates, require caution in data processing. Here we assess species-specific growth dynamics in two micro-habitats and their potential effects on long chronologies by combining tree-ring data from different living-tree-sites with an “artificial” subfossil dataset. Well replicated (n > 80) Norway spruce (Picea abies (L.) Karst.) and Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris L.) chronologies from northern Fennoscandia, sampled directly at the lakeshore (wet) and several meters beyond the lakeshore (dry) reveal high coherence of the variance between micro-sites (rspruce = 0.59, rpine = 0.68). Significant differences of the Regional Curves (RC) indicate faster growth of both species at the drier site though. Growth differences are more pronounced between the spruce micro-sites. The combination of recent dry and wet spruce data with artificial relict data results in two long chronologies covering the last 800 years with substantially different trends, although they consist of the same relict material and the micro-site chronologies correlate significantly over the past two centuries. The combination of spruce samples from dry inland micro-sites with subfossil samples originating from the wet lake shore can result in an underestimation of past temperatures prior to the 19th century. Such effects, hidden in the composition of long chronologies (living trees + subfossil samples) can bias long-term trends in climate reconstructions..
Regional temperature patterns across Northern Eurasia: tree-ring reconstructions over centuries and millenia
The effect of climatic factors on wood anatomy of the alien red oak (Quercus rubra L.) growing in three experimental plantations in Latvia was assessed by classical dendrochronological techniques. Two tree-ring proxies - tree-ring width (TRW) and mean area of earlywood vessel lumen (VLA) - were studied on 33 trees. Annual variation of TRW amongst trees was similar (mean r = 0.46), but there was more individuality in VLA (mean r = 0.26); nevertheless, chronologies of both proxies had rather synchronous variation amongst the sites. Annual variation of TRW was affected by factors related to water deficit in late summer, as suggested by the negative effect of temperature and positive effect of precipitation that have intensified during the 20th century, likely due to warming. Although weather conditions during the dormant period did not directly affect TRW, temperature during the autumn-spring period has been the main climatic determinant of VLA likely via influence on overwintering and hence vigour of tree. This suggests that conductive properties of wood and hence the susceptibility to water deficit have been affected by weather conditions before the formation of tree rings. During the 20th century, sensitivity of VLA has shifted from temperature in winter to temperature in autumn likely due to climate change. Still, the positive effect of these factors suggests that warming of climate would increase VLA and hence the risk of embolism and xylem disfunction. Therefore, the importance of availability of water for growth of red oak in Latvia is increasing..
One dimensional arrays of small normal metal tunnel junctions as thermometers and single charge pumps
The effect of temperature on cercariae production of two Rhipidocotyle trematodes parasitizing freshwater mussel, Anodonta anatina
Seasonal responses of photosynthesis and growth of a bioenergy crop (Phalaris arundinacea L.) to climatic change under varying water regimes
Phosphorus acquisition by barley (Hordeum vulgare L.) at suboptimal soil temperature
The electric heaters : Handbook(tm)
Plankton communities of Lake Ladoga under thermal bar conditions
Modelling the effect of temperature on height increment of Scots pine at high latitudes
Radiative properties and microphysics of clouds for application in large-scale models
From the river to the open sea : a critical life phase of young Atlantic salmon migrating from the Simojoki river
Floriculture : principles and species
This paper quantifies the spring wheat yield conditional on temperature- and rainfall-based weather indices in Finland. The estimating equations are standardized and simplified so that they provide information for designing tradable contracts. A simple basket of weather indices, consisting of growing degree days, night frost and rainfall measures, has the potential to hedge about 38% of the wheat grower yield risk, with the remaining 62% being left as uninsured basis risk. Our results have several important implications for the design of simple and tractable weather index-based insurance contracts. The data suggest that the marginal products of weather events have a large variation across time and they are the most significant within certain critical time periods. Therefore, the weather events triggering the indemnity payments should be bounded within certain critical time regimes over their distribution along the growing season.
Anaerobic on-site wastewater treatment at low temperatures
Climate change and the risks of Neodiprion sertifer outbreaks on Scots pine
Spatio-temporal climate variability and snow resource changes in Finland
Effects of different paper mulches on soil temperature and yield of cucumber (Cucumis sativus L.) in the temperate zone
Photosynthesis, CO2 and temperature : an approach to analyse the constrains to acclimation of trees to increasing CO2 concentration
Cold application in training & competition : the influence of temperature on your athletic performance
Exploring evolutionary responses to increasing temperature in an environmental opportunistic pathogen
Comparison of Temperature Coupling Algorithms in SMD simulations and Mutation Design in Talin I/LWEQ Domain
Environmental factors modulating cold tolerance, gene expression and metabolism in Drosophila montana
Utilising modelling in reliability study of ACA joints in temperature tests
Climate change may impose stimulations or constraints on the mycorrhizal symbiosis by increasing and fluctuating temperatures. We conducted a study to compare the soil temperature response curves (6, 12, 18, and 24 °C) of three isolates of Funneliformis mosseae from different regions and climates (Finland, Denmark, Spain), to test if the isolates from cold environments were able to grow better at lower temperatures and the isolates from warmer environments grew better at higher temperatures. The results provided clear evidence suggesting no adaptation to soil temperature in these AMF isolates. All isolates showed reduced development and very little external mycelium growth at 6 and 12 °C, and similar increased development with increasing soil temperature.  These results suggest that AMF have a narrow window to develop in cold regions where temperatures below 15 °C prevail.
Temperature : its measurement and control in science and industry : papers presented at a symposium held in New York City, November, 1939.
Plants and temperature : proceedings of a meeting held at the University of Essex, England 8-10 September 1987
Responses of silver birch saplings to low soil temperature
Global warming : the complete briefing
Climate change : a very short introduction
Role of substrate on the dendroclimatic response of Scots pine from varying elevations in northern Scotland
Melatonin and thyroid hormones in the cold and in darkness:association with mood and cognition
Effects of temperature and feeding regime on compensatory growth of rainbow trout, Oncorhynchus mykiss
Temperature as a modifier of fish cardiac contractility
Determing the fate of selected antibiotics during nitrogen recovery via urea-formaldehdye synthesis
The climate of northern Finland
Effect of environmental, developmental and genetic factors on flavonoid and carotenoid profile of Vaccinium berries
Accurary and functionality of hand held wood moisture content meters
Variation in Temperature Responses among Populations of Betula papyrifera
Tilastoja maan lämpötilasta Suomessa 1971-1990 = Statistics of soil temperature in Finland 1971-1990
Clubroot, caused by Plasmodiophora brassicae Woronin, is a serious plant disease of cruciferous plants. A field survey of occurrence of clubroot in oilseed fields was conducted in Finland in 2007−2009 and in 1984−1989. At present, the disease is distributed throughout the oilseed cultivation area. Clubroot was found on average from 30% of fields, but its severity was low; fields with high numbers of infected plants and plants with severe symptoms were rare. According to the survey, cultivation frequency of cruciferous plants is the most important factor affecting clubroot occurrence and severity. Clubroot was found in soils with a wide range of pH-values (pH 5-7.6), but symptoms were most severe at low pH. According to the survey, and greenhouse and field trials, high temperature and moisture during the early growth period seem to favour disease development and can cause significant yield losses. In a survival trial, clubroot declined to close to zero after four years in the absence of host plants, but traces of the pathogen were still detectable after a 19-year trial period, making eradication of the pathogen very difficult.
Wood properties of northern forest trees grown under elevated CO2, O3 and temperature
The Usborne first encyclopedia of science
Global Weirdness : severe storms, deadly heat waves, relentless drought, rising seas, and the weather of the future
Tempmeko 90 : 4th Symposium on Temperature and Thermal Measurement in Industry and Science : pre-prints
Study of the heat balance of the forest
Temperature sensitivity of soil organic matter decomposition in boreal soils
Hitsatut painelaiteteräsputket = Welded steel tubes for pressure purposes : tekniset toimitusehdot = technical delivery conditions. 4, Sähkövastushitsatut seostamattomat teräsputket mataliin käyttölämpötiloihin = Electric welded non-alloy steel tubes with specified low temperature profiles
Statistics of the sea surface temperature of the Baltic Sea 21 October - 1 March (1965-1986)
Effects of climate change and simulated herbivory on growth responses and leaf characteristics of silver birch (Betula pendula) seedlings
Testing of frost hardiness models for Pinus sylvestris in natural conditions and in elevated temperature
Internet of Things : A RFID Temperature Smart sensor
Adaptation to growing season length in the perennial Arabidopsis lyrata
Variation in temperature challenges crop production and animal farming. Elevated temperatures are often harmful, though may also open opportunities at high latitudes. Impacts depend on the vulnerability of the object, production system and their resilience to climatic variability. The station-wise temperature observations from the Finnish Meteorological Institute for a time period of 54 years (1961‒2014) were interpolated to a regular 10 km × 10 km grid covering the whole country. Several successive time slices were used to measure the likelihood for: 1) elevated temperatures of a) ≥1 °C above normal for three weeks, b) ≥2 °C above normal for two weeks and c) ≥3 °C above normal for one week, and 2) heatwaves with daily maximum temperature >25 °C for: a) 5 days (short) or b) 14 days (long episode). We also estimated the likelihood of warm winds in the early growing season which may enhance pest migration. We found large spatial and temporal variations in the likelihoods of elevated temperatures with many impacts on crop production, animal farming and welfare. In fact, only 1 °C temperature elevation may already be harmful, though in some cases also beneficial depending on region and vulnerability or adaptation of the object and production system. Though we show only some examples of the potential impacts of temperature variation on high latitude agro-ecosystems, these data are valuable as such for much wider applications in agriculture and beyond that.
Thermal responses of inward and delayed rectifier potassium channels in fish cardiac myocytes
Implications of heat waves on immune defence, life history traits, and adaptive potential : a snail's perspective
Effect of temperature on the induction of bud dormancy in ecotypes of Betula pubescens and Betula pendula
Effects of mineral by-products on the frost-resistance of concrete
Large inelastic deformation analysis of steel pressure vessels at high temperature
From LED die to a lighting system : performance improvement in LED lighting by means of thermal management and smart control
Seasonal response of biomass growth and allocation of a boreal bioenergy crop (Phalaris arundinacea L.) to climate change
Geographic and oceanographic research in Indian waters. Part 6, Temperature and salinity of the deeper waters of the Bay of Bengal and Andaman Sea
Forest nursery waste composting in windrows with or without horse manure or urea : the composting process and nutrient leaching
Remote monitoring of temperature
Effect of cooking temperature during extended delignification selectivity, strength properties and TCF-bleachability
Theory and design for mechanical measurements
Release of soil phosphorus during runoff as affected by ionic strength and temperature
The efficiency of time and temperature driven regulation principles in plants at the beginning of the active period
The curing process of layered silicate/epoxy nanocomposites
Spatial variations of the urban climate and its influence on thermal comfort and behaviour
Effects of temperature on the electrical excitability of fish cardiac myocytes
Special measurements and control models for a basic oxygen furnace (BOF)
Vegetative growth and freezing tolerance of white clover (Trifolium repens L.) genotypes from Svalbard
Supervising food safety : a text for level 3 food safety courses and a reference for supervisors
On control of daily structural matter production in population of Avenella flexuosa (L.) Parl
Internet Of Things : RFID Temperature Smart Sensor
Methodological aspects of use of infrared thermography in healthy individuals and patients with non-specific musculoskeletal disorders
Laboratory environment of PC technology & device design
Materials selection for high temperature applications
Essential soil physics : an introduction to soil processes, functions, structure and mechanics
Thermally responsive polymers based on N-vinylcaprolactam and an amphiphilic macromonomer
What determines the timberline?
Thermal control and radiation : technical papers selected from the AIAA 10th Aerospace Sciences Meeting, January 1972, and the AIAA 7th Thermophysics Conference, April 1972, subsequently revised for this volume
Measurement system in a wooden apartment building : Data acquisition system and web user interface
Modelling of peat temperature and moisture profile
Aerobic wastewater treatment under high and varying temperatures : thermophilic process performance and effluent quality
Microwave substrate properties in gyrogenic temperatures
Nanocircuits with superconductivity : nonequilibrium studies
Some features of ground inversions in Finland
The Hutchinson world weather guide
Impact of temperature and germination time on the success of a C4 weed in a C3 crop : Amaranthus retroflexus and spring barley
Observations of solar wind related climate effects in the Northern Hemisphere winter
Effects of manufacturing temperatures on the properties of plywood
The energy balance and vertical thermal structure of two small boreal lakes in summer
Physics, tests and instrumentation of Coulomb blockade primary thermometry
Meteorology for seafarers
Norway spruce fine root dynamics and carbon input into soil in relation to environmental factors
Removal of ambiguities in meteorological fields through stochastic minimization of the spatial variability
Elevation in temperatures due to climate change could promote the invasion by C4 weed species of arable fields in the boreal region, which are dominated by C3 crops. The success of Amaranthus retroflexus L. (a C4 weed) in spring barley (a C3 crop) was studied at current and elevated temperatures (3°C difference) in a greenhouse experiment in southern Finland. The competition treatments included no competition and four levels of competition with barley, differing in terms of germination time. The success of A. retroflexus was measured as growth (height and biomass) and seed production (number and biomass). Elevation in temperature enhanced seed production of A. retroflexus, but the impact on growth was minor (only difference in plant height in one treatment). The growth and seed production of A. retroflexus in competition with barley was minimal although the growth of barley decreased with the rise in temperature. The results indicate that climate change could improve growth of a C4 weed such as A. retroflexus, but it is unlikely to succeed in spring barley.
Effect of clearcutting of boreal spruce forest on air and soil temperature conditions
Temperature stress in arbuscular mycorrhizal fungi : a test for adaptation to soil temperature in three isolates of Funneliformis mosseae from different climates
Servsafe manager book
Gulf Stream and ENSO increasing the temperature sensitivity of Atlantic tropical cyclones
Daytime temperature sum : a new thermal variable describing growing season characteristics and explaining evapotranspiration
Experimental spectroscopic studies of metals with electron, ion, and optical techniques
The vertical profiles of temperature and relative humidity associated with deep convection over tropical oceans
Human thermal environments
Environmental plant physiology
Handbook of temperature measurement. Vol. 3, Theory and practice of thermoelectric thermometry
The effect of different paper mulches and two different biodegradable plastic mulches on the yield of field-grown cucumber (Cucumis sativus L.) was examined. The studies were conducted during two climatically different growing seasons 2011 and 2012 in Southern Finland.  All the mulches increased the yield as compared to bare ground. In 2011, cucumbers on all the mulches with a dark upper surface produced higher yields than those on kraft paper alone. In 2012, when the average temperatures were lower than in 2011, there were no differences in yield between different types of mulches. Soil temperatures of the experimental plots were monitored throughout the growing seasons. The mulches with a dark-colored upper surface increased the soil temperature more than the ones with a light-colored upper surface. The soil warming effect of the mulches was greater during early season and diminished when the plants grew larger and their leaves covered most of the mulch surface. There was no need for weed control except in uncovered plots. In conclusion, during both years dark-colored paper mulch was comparable to biodegradable film in yield production and could replace it as a mulch material in cucumber production.
The childcare practice of children’s daytime sleeping outdoors in the context of Northern Finnish winter
Temperature : its measurement and control in science and industry. Vol 2, Papers presented at the Third Symposium on Temperature, Washington D. C., October 28-30, 1954
John Houghton's market-leading textbook is now in full colour and includes the latest IPCC findings, making it the definitive guide to climate change. Written for students across a wide range of disciplines, its simple, logical flow of ideas gives an invaluable grounding in the science and impacts of climate change and highlights the need for action on global warming. Is there evidence for climate changing due to human activities? How do we account for recent extremes of weather and climate? Can global electricity provision and transport ever be carbon free? Written by a leading figure at the forefront of action to confront humanity's most serious environmental problem, this undergraduate textbook comprehensively explores these and other issues, allowing students to think through the problem, assess the data and draw conclusions on the action that should be taken, by governments, by industry and by each and every one of us.
Early determination of perch and pikeperch recruitment in the northern Baltic Sea
Post-Installable Automatic Adjustment Device for Air Conditioner
Under-ice temperature and oxygen conditions in boreal lakes
We studied the effects of soil temperature (8°C and 15°C) on barley growth, barley phosphorus (P) uptake and soil P solubility. Barley was grown in a pot experiment in two soils with different P fertilization histories for 22 years. The availability of P was estimated by using 33P-labeled fertilizer and calculating L-values. After cultivation for 22 years at ambient soil temperature without P fertilization (-P), soil L-value had decreased compared to soil that received annual P fertilization (P+). Low soil temperature further reduced the L-values, more in the -P soil than in the +P soil. Our results demonstrated that P fertilization can only partially ameliorate poor growth at low soil temperatures. Thus, applying ample fertilization to compensate for poor growth at low soil temperatures would increase the P content and solubility in the soil, but plant uptake would remain inhibited by cold.
The North Atlantic in the west and the Asian continent in the east regulate the general features of the climate in northern Finland. Especially in the low areas in the west, the smaller amounts of precipitation are largely due to the Scandic föhn effect. The weather conditions and microclimate in the fells differ from those in the lower areas. Temperature inversion is a common phenomenon on the slopes. Heavy snow loads in the crowns of the trees are a prominent feature of the southern fells and the eastern highlands.
Guidelines for humidity and temperatude for Canadian archives
Development of temperature and respiratory gases during summer stratification in two lakes in southern Finland
Oxidation of steryl esters
Physiology : series one. Vol. 7, Environmental physiology
Thousand years of winter surface air temperature variations in  Svalbard and northern Norway reconstructed from ice-core data
Evolution of Tetrahymena thermophila (Protozoa, Ciliata) populations exposed to variable environment
Thermic tresholds and wintering of timothy, Phleum pratense, in Pelsonsuo
On the hidden significance of differing micro-sites on tree-ring based climate reconstructions
NMR and specific heat measurements in normal and superfluid 3He
Chemistry at extreme conditions
An invasive ectoparasite of cervids, the deer ked dispersion, cold tolerance and predation
Simulation of spring wheat responses to elevated CO2 and temperature by using CERES-wheat crop model
Soil CO2 efflux in boreal pine forests in the current climate and under CO2 enrichment and air warming
Homogeneous record of Atlantic hurricane surge threat since 1923
Water sorption of food models for studies of glass transition and reaction kinetics
Interpretation and classification of blast furnace wall temperatures using self organizing maps
Selected climatic data for a global set of standard stations for vegetation science
Effects of environmental factors, especially temperature, on the population dynamics of pikeperch (Stizostedion lucioperca (L.))
Occurrence of Plasmodiophora brassicae in Finnish turnip rape and oilseed rape fields
Spatial daily air temperature and humidity distributions over Lake Ladoga
Both the northern (latitudinal) and the upper (altitudinal) timberlines are phytogeographic transitions between the forested boreal vegetation zone and treeless areas. These two timberlines, which intermingle in northern Fennoscandia, are mainly controlled by the cold climate, although other natural and anthropogenic factors are of noticeable importance at least locally. The roles of the various controlling factors are discussed in this article. The timberline and tree line in northern Finland are usually formed by the mountain birch (Betula pubescens ssp. tortuosa), which extends further than the Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris) or the Norway spruce (Picea abies). The northern coniferous timberline in Finland follows approximately an isoline that represents an effective temperature sum of 600 degree days. Hazardous events also regulate the growth and occurrence of trees in addition to average conditions. Trees growing at the timberline have adapted themselves in many ways to the prevailing harsh circumstances. Pollen research and megafossil analyses (such as tree ring studies) show that the timberline has moved and its tree species composition has changed, primarily due to climatic fluctuations. This is one clear indication that the timberline is a dynamic 'combat zone'.
Combined effects of elevated winter temperatures and CO2 on Norway spruce seedlings
Temperature plays an important role in sports - regarding both the athlete's performance and health. However, until now, these effects, e.g. thermoregulatory mechanisms as well as the variations of body temperature during physical exertion have barely been considered. This book presents studies and results which prove that cold application has a positive influence on the athlete's performance and regeneration ability. Based on the results of international studies, and considering the control mechanisms and principles of thermoregulation, the effects of cold application should be utilized in training and competition.
Model for predicting the evolution of steel temperature in a continuous casting tundish on the basis of expert knowledge
Contributions to the measurement and interpretation of small-scale temperature fluctuations
Temperature measurement in engineering. Volume 1
Low-temperature X-ray diffraction : apparatus and techniques
Annual cycle of the surface temperature in large lakes
Industrial and process furnaces : principles, design and operation
Bumblebees in a changing climate : evaluating the effects of temperature on queen performance
Atmospheric trends above Finland : II. Troposhere and stratosphere
Bark surface temperature measurements on the boles of wild cherry (Prunus avium) grown within an agroforestry system
Relation of tree-ring width and earlywood vessel size of alien Quercus rubra L. with climatic factors in Latvia
NMR thermometry at millikelvin temperatures
Thermally evoked cerebral potentials in man
Environmental ergonomics : the ergonomics of human comfort, health, and performance in the thermal environment
Response of the leaf phenology and tree-ring width of European beech to climate variability
Laboratory Environment of PC Technology & Device Design
Deuterium excess record from a small Arctic ice cap
Boreal and temperate trees in a changing climate : modelling the ecophysiology of seasonality
Characteristics of thermal regime in Lake Onega
Common growth signal and spatial synchrony of the chronologies of tree-rings from pines in the Baltic Sea region over the last nine centuries
Height increment of hybrid aspen Populus tremuloides × P. tremula as a function of weather conditions in south-western part of Latvia
Interaction between phytochrome B and gibberellins in thermoperiodic responses of cucumber
Dynamic workload parallelization and system calibration on single-chip cloud computer
Maximum growth temperature ranges of Aeromonas spp. isolated from clinical or environmental sources
Influence of solar UV radiation on the nitrogen metabolism in needles of Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris L.)
Predicting the yield of spring wheat by weather indices in Finland : implications for designing weather index insurances
Deep-sea and extreme shallow-water habitats : affinities and adaptations
Spatial distribution of daily mean surface temperatures in Lake Ladoga from May to November
Kriging in interpolating July mean temperatures and precipitation sums
Photosynthesis and Rubisco kinetics in spring wheat and meadow fescue under conditions of simulated climate change with elevated CO[sub 2] and increased temperatures
Magnetization and AC losses of (Bi,Pb)[sub 2]Sr[sub 2]Ca[sub 2]Cu[sub 3]O[sub x] superconductors
Various environmental conditions (heat waves and drought events) strongly affect leaf and xylem phenology. Disentangling the influence of temperature, precipitation and soil moisture content (AWR) on the forest productivity remains an important research area. We analyzed the impact of climate variability on the leaf phenology (10 sample trees) and radial growth (17 sample trees) of European beech (Fagus sylvatica L.). The study was conducted on 130-year-old European beech trees growing in a temperate forest stand in the Czech Republic. Detailed 20-year phenological monitoring was performed at the study site (1992-2011). As expected, leaf phenological events were mainly driven by the growing season temperatures. Leaf unfolding was highly affected positively by spring temperatures and the top-layer (to 40 cm) AWR in March. The correlation of tree-ring width with the interpolated climate data was positive significant for the growing season AWR and precipitation signal. Furthermore, the water availability in the top soil layer was found to be an important predictor of tree growth and extremely low growth occurrence. The extended phenological growing season, which was caused by a temperature increase, was not followed by an increased tree-ring width. The examined relationships point out the significance of the water availability in the top soil layer in European beech stands..
Effects of low temperature and excessive light on photosynthesis in unhardened and cold-acclimated herbaceous plants
Investigating the effect of high humidity on charge air cooler perfomance
This thesis studies the long-term relation between the solar wind driven energetic particle forcing into the atmosphere and the tropospheric circulation in the Northern Hemisphere winter. The work covers the period of more than one hundred years since the turn of the 20th century to present. The thesis makes a statistical analysis of satellite measurements of precipitating energetic electrons, sunspot number data and geomagnetic activity, and compares them with temperature and pressure measurements made at the Earth's surface.Recent results, both observational and from chemistry climate models, have indicated significant effects in the Earth's middle atmosphere due to the energetic electrons precipitating from the magnetosphere. These effects include the formation of reactive hydrogen and nitrogen oxides in the high latitude mesosphere and the depletion of ozone caused by them. Ozone is a radiatively active and important gas, which affects the thermal structure and dynamics of the middle atmosphere. Accordingly, the depletion of ozone can intensify the large scale stratospheric circulation pattern called the polar vortex. Winter weather conditions on the surface have been shown to be dependent on the polar vortex strength.This thesis shows that there is a significant relation between the average fluxes of medium energy (ten to hundred keVs) precipitating electrons and surface temperatures in parts of the Northern Hemisphere in winter time. Temperatures are positively correlated with electron fluxes in North Eurasia and negatively correlated in Greenland during the period 1980-2010 which is covered by direct satellite observations of precipitating particles. This difference is especially notable when major sudden stratospheric warmings and the quasi-biennial oscillation (QBO), which both are known to affect the polar vortex strength, are taken into account. When extended to the late 19th century, the analysis shows that a similar temperature pattern is predominated during the declining phase of the sunspot cycle. The high speed solar wind streams and energetic particle precipitation typically maximize also at the declining phase of the solar cycle. This specific temperature pattern is related to the variability of the northern annular mode (NAM), which is the most significant circulation pattern in the Northern Hemisphere winter. Before the space era, geomagnetic activity measured by ground observations can be used as a proxy for energetic particle precipitation. Earlier studies have found a significant positive correlation between geomagnetic activity and NAM since the 1960s. We find that, when the QBO measured at 30 hPa height is in the easterly phase, a positive correlation is extended to the beginning of 1900s. We also show that high geomagnetic activity causes a stronger effect in the Northern Hemisphere winter than high sunspot activity, especially in the Atlantic and Eurasia.A comprehensive knowledge of the Earth's climate system and all its drivers is crucial for the future projection of climate. Solar variability effects have been estimated to produce only a small factor to the global climate change. However, there is increasing evidence, including the results presented in this thesis, that the different forms of solar variability can have a substantial effect to regional and seasonal climate variability. With this new evidence, the solar wind related particle effects in the atmosphere are now gaining increasing attention. These effects will soon be included in the next coupled model inter comparison project (CMIP6) as an additional solar related climate effect. This emphasizes the relevance of this thesis.
Growing Prunus avium L. within an agroforestry system (AFS) may result in sun damage to cambial tissues on sun-exposed bole faces. There are two periods of risk of damage caused by insolation to exposed tree boles, the summer, when cambial temperatures become too high, or during winter, when the frozen dormant cambium tissue thaws and then rapidly re-freezes, a phenomenon commonly referred to as sunscald or southwest disease. Damage on the south western bole face was observed on a number of P. avium within an AFS. Five trees were sampled to assess the period in time that damage occurred. To retrospectively investigate such damage, bark surface temperature data were collected over a two year period for a further five P. avium and analysed. It was shown that bark surface temperature on the south western bole face reached nearly 50 °C during summer and experienced a maximum range of 38 °C within a 24 hour period in spring. A specially formulated white paint was applied to two trees, thus, testing a method to reduce the risk of sun damage. Two models were constructed to predict maximum and minimum daily bark surface temperature using maximum, minimum and mean daily air temperature, daily sum of sunshine hours, cloud cover, wind speed, relative humidity, maximum solar elevation and height on the tree bole as predictor variables. The damage occurred during winter 2009/2010. The models were used to identify maximum and minimum bark surface temperatures during that winter enabling the identification of possible damage events..
Spatial and temporal variation in weather events critical for boreal agriculture: I Elevated temperatures
Effects of temperature on dormancy release in woody plants : implications of prevailing models
Net-zero energy technical shelter
Thermal, hormonal and cardiovascular responses to single and repeated nonhypothermic cold exposures in man
This book provides an overview of how boreal and temperate tree species have adapted their annual cycle of development to the seasonally varying climatic conditions of the zone. The frost hardy dormant phase and the susceptible growth phase are synchronised with the seasonality of the climate. The volume discusses the annual cycle, including various attributes such as the timing of bud burst and other phenological events and the seasonality of photosynthetic capacity or the frost hardiness of the trees. During the last few decades, dynamic ecophysiological models have been increasingly used in studies of the annual cycle, particularly for projecting the ecological effects of climate change. The main emphasis in this volume is on combining the modelling approach with experimental studies and pursuing biological realism in the models.
Seed moisture content during chilling and heat stress effects after chilling on the germination of common alder and downy birch seeds
Temperature and plant development
Model prediction of frost tolerance as related to winter survival of wheat in Finnish field trials
Temporal relationships between warmth imagery and associated changes in skin blood flow, temperature, and temperature sensation
The new catering repertoire. 1, Aide-mémoire du chef
Estimates of past and future forest fire danger in Finland from a climatological viewpoint / : Hanna M. Mäkelä
Quality and shelf life of packaged fresh sliced mushrooms stored at two different temperatures
Role of temperature in the biological activity of a boreal forest
Limiting phenomena related to the use of iron ore pellets in a blast furnace
Variation in Hsp70 levels after cold shock: Signs of evolutionary responses to thermal selection among Leptinotarsa decemlineata populations
Plant adaptation to temperature and photoperiod
Thermal environmental conditions for human occupancy : standardi
Shear stress modelling of ACA joints during temperature cycling testing
