http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21036 anti-imperialism
anti-imperialism
Immortal history : the year 1932
Empire and imperial ambition : liberty, Englishness and anti-imperialism in late-Victorian Britain
The late nineteenth century is generally thought of as a period of fervent imperial enthusiasm in Britain. However, beneath the surface there were currents of discontent. This title examines modes of thought in Late Victorian Britain that were described as anti-imperialist in the period 1878-1901.
The new political economy of development : globalization, imperialism, hegemony
Africa's "agitators" : militant anti-colonialism in Africa and the west, 1918-1939
This is the first book to focus exclusively on Indian Nationalist Bose's controversial relationship with Nazi Germany. Bose was an Indian nationalist on part with Gandhi. This book sheds new light on both the history of Nazi Germany and the story of Indian independence.
Un-American : W.E.B. Du Bois and the century of world revolution
Bourgeois radicals : the NAACP and the struggle for colonial liberation, 1941-1960
The invention of racism in classical antiquity
The United States and imperialism
From empire to orient : travellers to the Middle East 1830-1926
Modern Korea : the socialist North, revolutionary perspectives in the South, and unification
During the first half of the twentieth century, movements seeking political equality emerged in France's overseas territories. Within twenty years, they were replaced by movements for national independence in the majority of French colonies, protectorates, and mandates. In this pathbreaking study of the decolonization era, Adria Lawrence asks why elites in French colonies shifted from demands for egalitarian and democratic reforms to calls for independent statehood, and why mass mobilization for independence emerged where and when it did. Lawrence shows that nationalist discourses became dominant as a consequence of the failure of the reform agenda. Where political rights were granted, colonial subjects opted for further integration and reform. Contrary to conventional accounts, nationalism was not the only or even the primary form of anti-colonialism. Lawrence shows further that mass nationalist protest occurred only when and where French authority was disrupted. Imperial crises were the cause, not the result, of mass protest.
The Wilsonian moment : self-determination and the international origins of anticolonial nationalism
Globalization and antiglobalization : dynamics of change in the new world order
Confronting an empire, constructing a nation : Arab nationalists and popular politics in mandate Palestine
Borrowed light. 1, Vico, Hegel, and the colonies
Imperial rule and the politics of nationalism : anti-colonial protest in the French empire
Subhas Chandra Bose in Nazi Germany : politics, intelligence and propaganda, 1941-43
Breaching the colonial contract : anti-colonialism in the US and Canada
Human smoke : the beginnings of World War II, the end of civilization
The British left and India : metropolitan anti-imperialism, 1885-1947
3.1 Undonggwa 1919-nyeonui segyesajeok uiui = The significance of Korea's March First Independence Movement and the year 1919 in world history
The origins of totalitarianism
Anti-imperial metropolis : interwar Paris and the seeds of Third World nationalism
From the ruins of empire : the revolt against the West and the remaking of Asia
"This book traces the spread of a global anti-imperialism from the vantage point of Paris between the two World Wars, where countless future leaders of Third World countries spent formative stints. Exploring the local social context in which these emergent activists moved, the study delves into assassination plots allegedly hatched by Chinese students, demonstrations by Latin American nationalists, and the everyday lives of Algerian, Senegalese and Vietnamese workers. On the basis of police reports and other primary sources, the book foregrounds the role of migration and interaction as driving forces enabling challenges to the imperial world order, weaving together the stories of peoples of three continents. Drawing on the scholarship of twentieth-century imperial, international and global history as well as migration, race and ethnicity in France, it ultimately proposes a new understanding of the roots of the Third World idea"--
"Un-American is Bill Mullen's revisionist account of renowned author and activist W.E.B. Du Bois's political thought toward the end of his life, a period largely dismissed and neglected by scholars. He describes Du Bois's support for what the Communist International called 'world revolution' as the primary objective of this aged radical's activism. Du Bois was a champion of the world's laboring millions and critic of the Cold War, a man dedicated to animating global political revolution. Mullen argues that Du Bois believed that the Cold War stalemate could create the conditions in which the world powers could achieve not only peace but workers' democracy. Un-American shows Du Bois to be deeply engaged in international networks and personal relationships with revolutionaries in India, China, and Africa. Mullen explores how thinkers like Karl Marx, Jawaharlal Nehru, Mohandas Gandhi, and C.L.R. James helped him develop a theory of world revolution at a stage in his life when most commentators regard him as marginalized. This original political biography also challenges assessments of Du Bois as an American 'race man'"--
West African responses to European imperialism in the nineteenth and twentieth centuries
Under three flags : anarchism and the anti-colonial imagination
Landscapes of hope : anti-colonial utopianism in America
