http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21094 normality
normality
"In an era when human lives are increasingly measured and weighed in relation to the medical and scientific, notions of what is "normal" have changed drastically. While it is no longer useful to think of a person's particular race, gender, sexual orientation, or choice as "normal," the concept continues to haunt us in other ways. In The End of Normal, Lennard J. Davis explores changing perceptions of body and mind in social, cultural, and political life as the 21st century unfolds. The book's provocative essays mine the worlds of advertising, film, literature, and the visual arts as they consider issues of disability, depression, physician-assisted suicide, medical diagnosis, transgender, and other identities. Using contemporary discussions of biopower and biopolitics, Davis focuses on social and cultural production--particularly on issues around the different body and mind. The End of Normal seeks an analysis that works comfortably in the intersection between science, medicine, technology, and culture, and will appeal to those interested in cultural studies, bodily practices, disability, science and medical studies, feminist materialism, psychiatry, and psychology"--
The end of normal : identity in a biocultural era
Haganai : I don't have many friends. Volume 2
Haganai : I don't have many friends. Volume 3
Gaga feminism : sex, gender, and the end of normal
Back to normal : why ordinary childhood behavior is mistaken for ADHD, bipolar disorder, and autism spectrum disorder
Haganai : I don't have many friends. Volume 4
Haganai : I don't have many friends. Volume 7
Abnormal : lectures at the Collège de France 1974-1975
Blue jeans : the art of the ordinary
Haganai : I don't have many friends. Volume 10
The handbook of social, emotional and behavioural difficulties
The other side of normal : how biology is providing the clues to unlock the secrets of normal and abnormal behavior
Haganai : I don't have many friends. Volume 1
Haganai : I don't have many friends. Volume 6
Perfectly average : the pursuit of normality in postwar America
Why youth is not wasted on the young : immaturity in human development
Haganai : I don't have many friends. Volume 9
Haganai : I don't have many friends. Volume 5
Spoiled distinctions : aesthetics and the ordinary in French modernism
Summary.
Ordinary
"Brilliant Harvard psychiatrist Jordan Smoller reveals the hidden side of our everyday behaviors and addresses one of society's most enduring questions: What do we mean by "normal?" And what does this tell us about "abnormal?""--
How to be normal : a guide for the perplexed
"At the end of World War II, many Americans longed for a return to a more normal way of life after decades of depression and war. In fact, between 1945 and 1963 the idea of "normality" circulated as a keyword in almost every aspect of American culture. In Perfectly Average, Anna Creadick investigates how and why this concept reemerged as a potent homogenizing category in postwar America. Working with scientific studies, material culture, literary texts, film, fashion, and the mass media, she charts the pursuit of the "normal" through thematic chapters on the body, character, class, sexuality, and community."
Women and fat : approaches to the social study of fatness
Enforcing normalcy : disability, deafness, and the body
Haganai : I don't have many friends. Volume 11
The short bus : a journey beyond normal
Medical technologies and the life world : the social construction of normality
Normality / normativity / Lisa Folkmarson Käll (ed.)
Haganai : I don't have many friends. Volume 8
