http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21043 self-expression
self-expression
Abstract.
New cutting edge. Elementary
Talk like a winner! : 21 simple rules for achieving everyday communication success
Mind over medicine : scientific proof you can heal yourself
Arts-based methods in child welfare : towards own space and experiences.
TOPmodels and top designers : forms of social interaction and creativity in the TOPmodel online forums
The creative photographer
" For nearly fifty years the humanities have been confined by a series of critiques: of the subject, of representation, of the visual, of modernism, of autonomy, of intention, of art itself. In their place various "materialities" have appeared: signs, identities, bodies, history, and works. Against Affective Formalism challenges these orthodoxies. "What I am after, above all, is expression," Henri Matisse declared. Matisse believed that through the careful arrangement of line and color he could transmit his feelings directly to the minds and bodies of his viewers. Yet Matisse continually struggled with the reality that his feelings were misunderstood--or simply ignored--by viewers of his art. Matisse oscillates between a desire for expressive command over the viewer and a sense of the impossibility of making himself known. Against Affective Formalism confronts modernism's dissatisfactions with representation. As Todd Cronan explains, a central tenet of modernist thought turns on the effort to overcome representation in the name of something more explicit in its capacity to generate bodily or affective experience. Henri Bergson was one of the most influential advocates of the antirepresentational impulse; his novel theories of memory and freedom gripped a generation of writers, philosophers, psychologists, and artists. Matisse and Bergson worked within and against the context of form and expression that remains in force today. Writing in opposition to prevailing theories and assumptions about the relation of intention and form--most of which accept the "death of the author" as a basic fact of interpretation--Cronan argues that the beholder's response to art, outside a framework of intentionality, is irrelevant to a work's meaning. Intentions are not a matter of method at all: no letter, biography, document, archive, or key will recover an intention. What matters is that intentions make works of art different from objects in the world. "
The truth about style
English pronunciation in use : elementary : self-study and classroom use
Successful interview skills : how to prepare, answer tough questions and get your ideal job
Bound-In-Tension
Be excellent at anything : the four keys to transforming the way we work and live
Writing as a way of healing : how telling our stories transforms our lives
Musical encounters
The language of art : inquiry-based studio practices in early childhood settings
New cutting edge : workbook with key. Pre-intermediate
New cutting edge : students' book. Pre-intermediate
The testament of Thomas Miller : a feature film script
Branding yourself : how to look, sound and behave your way to success
500 kids art ideas : inspiring projects for fostering creativity and self-expression
Against affective formalism : Matisse, Bergson, modernism
Lexicon of the mouth : poetics and politics of voice and the oral imaginary
Getting real
"Poetry therapy has been widely recognized as a valuable form of treatment for over thirty years, and has been proven effective worldwide with many diverse clients. Written by a pioneer and a consistent leader in the field, 'Poetry Therapy: Theory and Practice' presents a unified model for the effective practice of poetry therapy. Based on his wealth of clinical and theoretical knowledge, Dr Nicholas Mazza outlines a tripartite system composed of receptive, expressive, and symbolic modes of practice. Now available in a paperback edition, this text serves as a primary resource for any serious practitioner interested in poetry therapy, bibliotherapy, writing and healing, or the broader area of creative/expressive arts therapies." -- (Back Cover)
Cambridge First certificate in English. 3 : official examination papers from University of Cambridge ESOL examinations
Raising our children, raising ourselves
The element : how finding your passion changes everything
Teenagers' brand relationships in daily life : a qualitative study of brand meanings and their motivational ground among teenagers in Helsinki and London metropolitan areas
The essential theatre
Digital storytelling: a tool for expressing emotions - with instituionalised adolescents of paimio, Finland
Psychiatric visual expression interview in dissociative disorders
Self impression : life-writing, autobiografiction, and the forms of modern literature
Cutting edge. Advanced
HearSay
New cutting edge : students' Cds. Pre-intermediate
Snoop : what your stuff says about you
The new digital storytelling : creating narratives with new media
Tiger Writing : art, culture, and the interdependent self
Gender and material culture in Britain since 1600
Transforming images : screens, affect, futures
Logline:  Underrated and fed up with his life, Henri decides to kill himself, but when meeting a  man who tries to help him die, he gets on a journey where he gradually discovers how  to live.  Synopsis:  Henri is middle aged, underrated, lonely and his mother has just died. Henri's crush  doesn't notice him. Even his cat despises him. The system Henri lives in, abuses its  inhabitants. As long as you're alive, you have to pay. Henri has gone through his life  without a say in anything. His mother blamed Henri for everything wrong in her life.  Henri gets a confirmation to what she always said. That him being born was a mistake.  Henri has had enough. He decides to jump off a bridge. Henri is stopped by a man,  Thomas, who suggests they start planning suicide together. Henri's and Thomas' suicide  duo starts, an unusual friendship which developes as Thomas tries to help Henri die. As  they try to find the perfect way to go, Thomas is actually secretly teaching Henri how to  live. This happens gradually as Thomas gives Henri new experiences while emphasizing  the meaning of closures and portaying suicide as pragmatic and tedious. In the course,  Henri starts to change and get out of his shell.  As Henri starts questioning Thomas' reasons, he hears about Hanna, Thomas' daughter,  who he abandoned years ago. Thomas' teachings are starting to backfire, as Henri  decides that Thomas must reap what he sows, and get a closure by meeting Hanna.  Although Thomas tries to obstruct, they get on the road towards Åland. As they are  getting closer, their relationship starts to crack as the tension is rising. Then, a terrible  accident happens. Thomas falls down, hits his head badly and ends up in a coma. Henri  reverts back to his old feelings. He is all alone again. He has lost his only friend.  Henri is torn, but he still decides to get Thomas' closure. He goes to meet Hanna, who  doesn't take the news well of his father, whom she thought was dead. As Henri has  learned how to stick up for himself, he tries to reason with her. Eventually, Hanna  agrees to see him. And after she sees Thomas, she wants to get him home. If not for  getting better, then to die in a familiar place. System acts twisted again, and they end up  stealing Thomas from the hospital. Together with Hanna, they go through the emotions  of letting go of Thomas, at the same time getting to know and finding comfort from  each other. And who knows, maybe even future. As Henri takes off Thomas' life  support, he has learned to live and understood what Thomas was trying to teach him.
New cutting edge. Intermediate : workbook
Adolescents, music and music therapy : methods and techniques for clinicians, educators and students
Sister arts : the erotics of lesbian landscapes
Let's talk : self-study audio CD. 1
First certificate expert : student's resource book with key
New cutting edge : students' book. Intermediate
Mind over medicine : scientific proof that you can heal yourself
Rhetoric of self-expressions in online celebrity gossip
First certificate practice tests plus : with key. 2
Frances Dean who loved to dance and dance
New cutting edge : students' Cds. Elementary
New cutting edge : students' Cds. Upper intermediate
Lexicon of the Mouth surveys the oral cavity as the central channel by which self and surrounding are brought into relation. Questions of embodiment and agency, attachment and loss, incorporation and hunger, locution and the non-sensical are critically examined. In doing so, LaBelle emphasizes the mouth as a vital conduit for negotiating "the foundational narrative of proper speech." Lexicon of the Mouth aims for a viscous, poetic and resonant discourse of subjectivity, detailed through the "micro-oralities" of laughing and whispering, stuttering and reciting, eating and kissing, among others. The oral cavity is posed as an impressionable arena, susceptible to all types of material input, contamination and intervention, while also enabling powerful forms of resistance, attachment and conversation, as well as radical imagination. ---
New cutting edge : students' book. Elementary
Cultivate intangibles
The mobile phone: a medium in itself
How to talk to absolutely anyone : confident communication in every situation
Nature mandalas : coloring book
Self-expression
New cutting edge : students' Cds. Intermediate
Max Saunders explores the ways in which modern writers from the 1870s to the 1930s experimented with forms of life-writing such as biography, autobiography, memoir, diary and journal for the purposes of fiction. He identifies a wave of new hybrid forms from the late 19th century and provides a fresh look at turn-of-the-century literature.
New cutting edge : workbook with key. Elementary
The element is the point at which natural talent meets personal passion. When people arrive at the element, they feel most themselves and most inspired and achieve at their highest levels. The Element draws on the stories of a wide range of people, from ex-Beatle Paul McCartney to Matt Groening, creator of The Simpsons; from Meg Ryan to Gillian Lynne, who choreographed the Broadway productions of Cats and The Phantom of the Opera; and from writer Arianna Huffington to renowned physicist Richard Feynman and others, including business leaders and athletes. It explores the components of this new paradigm: The diversity of intelligence, the power of imagination and creativity, and the importance of commitment to our own capabilities. With a wry sense of humor, Ken Robinson looks at the conditions that enable us to find ourselves in the element and those that stifle that possibility. He shows that age and occupation are no barrier, and that once we have found our path we can help others to do so as well. The Element shows the vital need to enhance creativity and innovation by thinking differently about human resources and imagination. It is also an essential strategy for transforming education, business, and communities to meet the challenges of living and succeeding in the twenty-first century.
Complete first certificate : student's book with answers
Creative tools
Offers strategies for enabling sustainable high performance by systematically investing in employee health and happiness, citing the vulnerabilities of common business practices while offering examples of effective leadership.
Cambridge English : Complete First. Student's book with answers / Guy Brook-Hart
New cutting edge : students' book. Upper intermediate
Foucault and a politics of confession in education
Keep talking Dutch : audio course : advanced beginner
English pronunciation in use : advanced : self-study and classroom use
Draw on your emotions : creative ways to explore, express & understand important feelings
Giving voice to love : song and self-expression from the troubadours to Guillaume de Machaut
No one understands you and what to do about it
100 ideas : for teaching literacy
Dandies : fashion and finesse in art and culture
Let's talk : self-study audio CD. 2
Social networking and impression management : self-presentation in the digital age
Digital storytelling, mediatized stories : self-representations in new media
Identity problems in the Facebook era
English for presentations
New cutting edge : workbook with key. Upper intermediate
The solitude of the stance : the bodyly autology of gym-work and boxing in an Essex town
First impressions : what you don't know about how others see you
Joaquín Rodrigo's challenge for the senses : transcending the body in the music of a blind composer
A string of expression : techniques for transforming art and life into jewelry
Poetry therapy : theory and practice
"Have you ever had the feeling that you're just not getting through to the person you're talking with, or coming across the way you intend to? You're not alone. Our usual approach is to just talk louder, to try harder to get our message through. This is almost always the wrong approach. Why? Because other people almost never see us the way we see ourselves. Fortunately, these distortions in perception are systematic, understandable, and surmountable. Heidi Grant Halvorson, bestselling author of Nine Things Successful People Do Differently and Focus, now shows you how to communicate effectively-despite these unintentional (yet widespread) distortions of perception. By better understanding how communication and perception really work, you'll learn to send the right signals at the right time, no matter who you're communicating with"--
Alive in the writing : crafting ethnography in the company of Chekhov
"In liberal, democratic and capitalist societies today, we are increasingly invited to disclose our innermost thoughts to others. We are asked to turn our gaze inwards, scrutinizing ourselves, our behaviours and beliefs, while talking and writing about ourselves in these terms. This form of disclosure of the self resonates with older forms of church confession, and is now widely seen in practices of education in new ways in nurseries, schools, colleges, universities, workplaces and the wider policy arena. This book brings together international scholars and researchers inspired by the work of Michel Foucault, to explore in detail what happens when these practices of confession become part of our lives and ways of being in education. The authors argue that they are not neutral, but political and powerful in their effects in shaping and governing people; they examine confession as discursive and contemporary practice so as to provoke critical thought.International in scope and pioneering in the detail of its scrutiny of such practices, this book extends contemporary understanding of the exercise of power and politics of confessional practices in education and learning, and offers an alternative way of thinking of them. The book will be of value to educational practitioners, scholars, researchers and students, interested in the politics of their own practices"-- "In liberal, democratic and capitalist societies today, we are increasingly invited to disclose our innermost thoughts to others. We are asked to turn our gaze inwards, scrutinizing ourselves, our behaviours and beliefs, while talking and writing about ourselves in these terms. This form of disclosure of the self resonates with older forms of church confession, and is now widely seen in practices of education in new ways in nurseries, schools, colleges, universities, workplaces and the wider policy arena".
Expression and the inner
The cat, the coat, the truth, etc
Let's talk : self-study audio CD. 3
Play reconsidered : sociological perspectives on human expression
IELTS practice tests plus : with key. 2
Remixing experience : research into remixing experiences through design
Cambridge First certificate in English. 3 : with answers : official examination papers from University of Cambridge ESOL examinations
Moves : a sourcebook of ideas for body awareness and creative movement
Contemporary cabinets of curiosities : capturing environment and experiences into digital collections
It's a George thing!
"What does material culture tell us about gendered identities and how does gender reveal the meaning of spaces and things? This edited collection looks at the adornment of the body, dress and material cultures of the home and public spaces to demonstrate how people in Britain have presented themselves as gendered beings from 1600 through to today"--
Euthanasia, death with dignity and the law
Writing the self : diaries, memoirs, and the history of the self
