http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21031 flat taxation
flat taxation flat tax
Transactions in real property in Germany
Base companies in multinational corporate structures : a comparative study of anti avoidance legislation and its impact on investment location and competitiveness
Flat tax for Finland : a simple and fair tax system that promotes growth
The effects of capital taxation : an equilibrium asset market approach
Inherited wealth, justice and equality
Gender and the European labour market
The almost nearly perfect people : behind the myth of the Scandinavian utopia
Summary and conclusions (s. 557-574).
The principle of equality in European taxation
Conclusions (s. 233-238).
The year of living Danishly : uncovering the secrets of the world's happiest country
Human rights and public finance : budgets and the promotion of economic and social rights
The dividend concept in international tax law : dividend payments between corporate entities
Permanent establishment : erosion of a tax treaty principle
Essays on labour demand and wage formation
Ecotaxation
Equity : in theory and practice
Studies in optimal taxation, stabilization and imperfect competition
This edited collection addresses some of the most important challenges in contemporary human rights law and practice. Its central theme is the linkage between public finance, particularly budget decisions, and the realisation (or not) of economic and social rights. While much academic and political debate on economic and social rights implementation has focused on the role of the courts, this work places the spotlight squarely on those organs of government that have the primary responsibility and the greatest capacity for giving effect to such rights: namely, the elected branches of government. The major actors considered in this book are politicians, public servants and civil society, with their role in realising economic and social rights the work's key focus. The book thus makes a crucial contribution to remedying the current imbalance in attention paid by economic and social rights scholars to the legislature and executive vis-a-vis the judiciary. Featuring pioneering work by leading experts in the field of human rights and public finance, this multidisciplinary collection will be of great interest to academics, practitioners, public servants and students working in the areas of law, human rights, economics, development and political science. --Publisher's description.
Capital taxation and neutrality : a study of tax wedges with special reference to Sweden
The almost nearly perfect people : the truth about the Nordic miracle
Taxation of investment derivatives
Applied general equilibrium analysis
The Oxford companion to the economics of China
Outsourcing and labor taxation in dual labor markets
Taxation, employment and the environment : general equilibrium analysis with unionised labour markets
The German Corporation Tax Law with 1980 amendments = (Körperschaftsteuerreformgesetz 1977 mit Änderungen von 1980) : comments and translation
Closing the gap : a flat tax on labour income or a progressive tax on capital income?
Fair wages, involuntary unemployment and tax policies in the simple general equilibrium model
Mill and paternalism
Doing business in the Czech Republic
Many discussions of J. S. Mill's concept of liberty focus too narrowly on On Liberty and fail to acknowledge that his treatment of related issues elsewhere may modify its leading doctrines. Mill and Paternalism demonstrates how a contextual reading suggests that in Principles of Political Economy, and also his writings on Ireland, India and on domestic issues like land reform, Mill proposed a substantially more interventionist account of the state than On Liberty seems to imply. This helps to explain Mill's sympathies for socialism after 1848, as well as his Malthusianism and feminism, which, in conjunction with Harriet Taylor's views, are central to his later discussions of the family and marriage. Feminism, indeed, is shown to provide the answer to the problem which most agitated Mill, overpopulation. Thus Gregory Claeys sheds new lights on many of Mill's overarching preoccupations, including the theory of liberty at the heart of On Liberty.
Legal protection against discriminatory tax legislation : the struggle for equality in European tax law
Base company taxation
