http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21075 spatial perception
spatial perception
Statistics for spatio-temporal data
Psychology of touch and blindness
Spatial schemas and abstract thought
Place of geometry
Applied spatial data analysis with R
Spatial intelligence : new futures for architecture
Digital design in sustainable urbanism : explorations in computational design strategies
Space, time, & stuff
Space and time in perception and action
Spatial sign and rank based scatter matrices with applications
Inner navigation : why we get lost and how we find our way
Abstract.
Integrating gestures : the interdisciplinary nature of gesture
Even if you've never touched a 3D printer, these projects will excite and empower you to learn new skills, extend your current abilities, and awaken your creative impulses. Each project uses a unique combination of electronics, hand assembly techniques, custom 3D-printed parts, and software, while teaching you how to think through and execute your own ideas. Written by the founder of Printrbot, his staff, and veteran DIY authors, this book of projects exemplifies the broad range of highly personalized, limit-pushing project possibilities of 3D printing when combined with affordable electronic components and materials. In Make: 3D Printing Projects, you'll: Print and assemble a modular lamp that's suitable for beginners--and quickly gets you incorporating electronics into 3D-printed structures. Learn about RC vehicles by fabricating--and driving--your own sleek, shiny, and fast Inverted Trike. Model a 1950s-style Raygun Pen through a step-by-step primer on how to augment an existing object through rapid prototyping. Fabricate a fully functional, battery-powered screwdriver, while learning how to tear down and reconstruct your own tools. Get hands-on with animatronics by building your own set of life-like mechanical eyes. Make a Raspberry Pi robot that rides a monorail of string, can turn corners, runs its own web server, streams video, and is remote-controlled from your phone. Build and customize a bubble-blowing robot, flower watering contraption, and a DIY camera gimbal.
Spatial working memory
Visually structured methods and tools for industry automation
Spatial cognition, spatial perception : mapping the self and space
Language, cognition and space : the state of the art and new directions
Lost or not? : designing and evaluating user interfaces of mobile map services : the viewpoint of supporting users' location awareness
Multimodal representation and intermodal similarity : cues of space in the audio description of film
Drawing  : a contemporary approach
Bag-of-features approach to unsupervised visual object categorisation
The construal of spatial meaning : windows into conceptual space
Making space : how the brain knows where things are
Action and thought : from sensomotor schemes to symbolic operations
Three-dimensional spiral grain pattern in five large Norway spruce stems
"Knowing where things are seems effortless. Yet our brains devote tremendous computational power to figuring out the simplest details about spatial relationships. Going to the grocery store or finding our cell phone requires sleuthing and coordination across different sensory and motor domains. Making Space traces this mental detective work to explain how the brain creates our sense of location. But it goes further, to make the case that spatial processing permeates all our cognitive abilities, and that the brain's systems for thinking about space may be the systems of thought itself. Our senses measure energy in the form of light, sound, and pressure on the skin, and our brains evaluate these measurements to make inferences about objects and boundaries. Jennifer Groh describes how eyes detect electromagnetic radiation, how the brain can locate sounds by measuring differences of less than one one-thousandth of a second in how long they take to reach each ear, and how the ear's balance organs help us monitor body posture and movement. The brain synthesizes all this neural information so that we can navigate three-dimensional space. But the brain's work doesn't end there. Spatial representations do double duty in aiding memory and reasoning. This is why it is harder to remember how to get somewhere if someone else is driving, and why, if we set out to do something and forget what it was, returning to the place we started can jog our memory. In making space the brain uses powers we did not know we have." -- Publisher's description.
"Space, Time, and Stuff is an attempt to show that physics is geometry: that the fundamental structure of the physical world is purely geometrical structure. Along the way, he examines some non-standard views about the structure of spacetime and its inhabitants, including the idea that space and time are pointless, the idea that quantum mechanics is a completely local theory, the idea that antiparticles are just particles travelling back in time, and the idea that time has no structure whatsoever. The main thrust of the book, however, is that there are good reasons to believe that spaces other than spacetime exist, and that it is the existence of these additional spaces that allows one to reduce all of physics to geometry. Philosophy, and metaphysics in particular, plays an important role here: the assumption that the fundamental laws of physics are simple in terms of the fundamental physical properties and relations is pivotal."--P. [4] of cover.
Thinking visually
The dynamic body in space : developing Rudolf Laban's ideas for the 21st century : presentations from the Laban International Conference, October 24-26 2008
IQ and aptitude tests : assess your verbal, numerical and spatial reasoning skills
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
From mental imagery to spatial cognition and language : essays in honour of Michel Denis
Space to reason : a spatial theory of human thought
Place and belonging : an ethnography of rural migrant children in Beijing
Spatial questions : cultural topologies and social spatialisation
Robotics and cognitive approaches to spatial mapping
Origins of the sex differences in handedness and mental rotation ability : genetic, environmental and hormonal effects
Space in the medieval West : places, territories, and imagined geographies
The pop-up generation : design between dimensions
Cognitive mapping : past, present and future
Statistical methods for geography : a student's guide
Persistence and spacetime
Towards a European geo-statistical system
Basic vision : an introduction to visual perception
