http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21141 Ottomans
Ottomans
Ottoman intimacies, Balkan musical realities
"A revised and expanded second edition of a highly-praised account of the structure of the government of the Ottoman Empire to the mid-seventeenth century. Colin Imber incorporates the latest research, and the text now also features a new chapter on taxation as well as an up-to-date bibliography"--Provided by publisher.
The Ottoman Empire : a troubled legacy : views, comments and judgments by noted experts worldwide
Imperial legacy : the Ottoman imprint on the Balkans and the Middle East
The enemy at the gate : Habsburgs, Ottomans and the battle for Europe
Living in the Ottoman realm : empire and identity, 13th to 20th centuries
Kānūn and sharī'a in old Ottoman criminal justice
Between Eden & earth : gardens of the Islamic world
Petitioning the Sultan : protests and justice in late Ottoman Palestine, 1865-1908
The Muslims of Bosnia-Herzegovina : their historic development from the Middle Ages to the dissolution of Yugoslavia
The Ottoman endgame : war, revolution and the making of the modern Middle East, 1908-1923
Risale-i Mi'mariyye : an early seventeenth-century Ottoman treatise on architecture : facsimile with translation and notes
'Turquerie' and the politics of representation, 1728-1876
The Ottoman Empire, 1801-1913
The janissaries
Merchants in the Ottoman empire
Türkiye disindaki Osmanli mimari yapitlari = Ottoman architectural works outside Turkey
Studies in Ottonian, Romanesque, and Gothic art
The world of Ottoman art
The Ottoman peoples and the end of empire
Byzantium in the Near East : its relations with the Seljuk sultanate of Rum in Asia Minor, the Armenians of Cilicia and the Mongols A. D. c. 1192-1237
Women in the Ottoman Balkans : gender, culture and history
A history of the Arab peoples
Religion, ethnicity and contested nationhood in the former Ottoman space
The oracle of Stamboul
Between two worlds : the construction of the Ottoman state
Ottoman Bosnia : a history in peril
Journey to the Sublime Porte : the Arabic memoir of a Sharifian agent's diplomatic mission to the Ottoman Imperial Court in the era of Suleyman the Magnificent : the relevant text from Quṭb al-Dīn al-Nahrawālī's al-Fawāʾid al-sanīyah fī al-riḥlah al-Madanīyah wa al-Rūmīyah
Tears of pearl
Aleppo : the rise and fall of Syria's great merchant city
Stephen the Great and Balkan nationalism : Moldova and Eastern European history
The Müfti of Istanbul : a study in the development of the Ottoman learned hierarchy
To what strange place : the music of the Ottoman-American diaspora 1916-1929
The Ottoman Empire: was it the sick man of Europe?
Chinese treasures in Istanbul
Ottoman-Polish diplomatic relations (15th-18th century) : an annotated edition of 'Ahdnames and other documents
Inside the Seraglio : private lives of the sultans in Istanbul
Turkey from empire to revolutionary republic : the emergence of the Turkish nation from 1789 to the present
Architecture and hagiography in the Ottoman Empire : the politics of Bektashi shrines in the classical age
Women in the Ottoman Empire : Middle Eastern women in the early Modern Era
Islam at the gates : how Christendom defeated the Ottoman Turks
Negotiating transcultural relations in the early modern Mediterranean : Ottoman-Venetian encounters
Struggle for domination in the Middle East : the Ottoman-Mamluk War, 1485-91
The structure of Turkish guilds and its significance for Ottoman social history
Neshrī's history of the Ottomans : the sources and development of the text
Between 1911 and 1923, a series of wars - chief among them World War I - would engulf the Ottoman Empire and its successor states. Beginning with Italy's invasion of Ottoman Tripoli in September 1911, the opening salvo in what would soon spiral into a European conflict, the book concludes with the establishment of Turkish independence in the Treaty of Lausanne, 1923.
A brief history of the late Ottoman empire
The Ottoman Crimean War (1853-1856)
The Great Ottoman-Turkish civilisation
The sultan : the life of Abdul Hamid
The Balkan wars : British consular reports from Macedonia in the final years of the Ottoman Empire
Visions of the Ottoman world in Renaissance Europe
The fall of Constantinople 1453
The Ottoman empire : its record and legacy
The Bulgarians in the seventeenth century : Slavic Orthodox society and culture under Ottoman rule
Catholic pirates and Greek merchants : a maritime history of the Mediterranean
The monograph considers the ways in which the Ottoman state in the early modern period mobilized human and material resources for war-making and what secondary effects this had on provincial society. Focusing on the Levantine trading center of Aleppo, it explores changes in the relations of power operating within certain urban institutions - residential quarters, military garrisons and guilds - during the military and fiscal transformations of the late seventeenth century. Using both documents of the central state treasury and the records of local law courts, it examines how the routinization of direct imperial taxes and the assimilation of soldiers to civilian life subverted the city's social and political order.
The Ottoman Turks : an introductory history to 1923
A history of Ottoman architecture
The Ottoman Empire (1299-1923) existed at the crossroads of the East and the West. Neither the history of Western Asia, nor that of Eastern Europe, can be fully understood without knowledge of the history of the Ottoman Empire. The question is often raised of whether or not economic thinking can exist in a non-capitalistic society. In the Ottoman Empire, like in all other pre-capitalistic cultures, the economic sphere was an integral part of social life, and elements of Ottoman economic thought can frequently be found in amongst political, social and religious ideas. Ottoman economic thinking cannot, therefore, be analyzed in isolation; analysis of economic thinking can reveal aspects of the entire world view of the Ottomans. Based on extensive archival work, this landmark volume examines Ottoman economic thinking in the classical period using three concepts: humorism, circle of justice and household economy. Basing the research upon the writings of the Ottoman elite and bureaucrats, this book explores Ottoman economic thinking starting from its own dynamics, avoiding the temptation to seek modern economic theories and approaches in the Ottoman milieu.
The Via Egnatia under Ottoman rule (1380-1699) : Halcyon Days in Crete II : a symposium held in Rethymnon 9-11 January 1994
Studies in pre-Ottoman Turkey and the Ottomans
Türk müziǧi ustalari. Ney = Masters of Turkish music. Ney
Forging urban solidarities : Ottoman Aleppo, 1640-1700
A history of Ottoman economic thought : developments before the nineteenth century
The fall of the Ottomans : the Great War in the Middle East, 1914-1920
The history of Turkey
Essays on Ottoman Civilization : proceedings of the XIIth Congress of the Comité International d'Études Pré-Ottomanes et Ottomanes, Praha 1996
Ottoman tulips, Ottoman coffee : leisure and lifestyle in the eighteenth century
Jihad : the Ottomans and the allies 1914-1922
Clash of empires : the great siege
In this first book in a trilogy a girl child is born to Vlad Dracula, in Transylvania, in 1435--at first rejected by her father and always ignored by her mother, she will grow up to be Lada Dragwlya, a vicious and brutal princess, destined to rule and destroy her enemies / Library of Congress.
The Ottoman centuries : the rise and fall of the Turkish empire
The stone woman : [a novel]
Warriors and weapons of early times in colour
The Ottoman empire and the world around it
Music of the Ottoman court : makam, composition and the early ottoman instrumental repertoire
Artisans of empire : crafts and craftspeople under the Ottomans
Southeastern Europe under Ottoman rule, 1354-1804
Türk müziǧi ustalari. Kemençe = Masters of Turkish music. Kemençe
The Ottoman Empire : a short history
Shadow of the sultan's realm : the destruction of the Ottoman Empire and the Creation of the modern Middle East
Istanbul : the city and the Sultan
Letters in gold : Ottoman calligraphy from the Sakip Sabanci collection, Istanbul
Inventory of the lettere e scritture Turchesche in the Venetian State Archives
The Ottoman world
1565 : the Great Siege of Malta exhibition : Grand Master's Palace, Valletta 4 September - 6 December 2015
Approaching Ottoman history : an introduction to the sources
The early modern Ottomans : remapping the Empire
Süleyman the Magnificient and his age
Turkish Islamic architecture in Seljuk and Ottoman times 1071-1923
The Ottoman age of exploration
The Ottomans
The enemy at the gate : Habsburgs, Ottomans and the Battle for Europe
The Ottoman Empire, 1300-1650 : the structure of power
Ivan the Terrible
Empire of difference : the Ottomans in comparative perspective
Midilli, Rodos, Sakiz ve Istanköy'de Osmanli minarisi = Ottoman architecture in Lesvos, Rhodes, Chios and Kos islands
The Ottoman Empire, 1700-1922
Living in the Ottoman Realm brings the Ottoman Empire to life in all of its ethnic, religious, linguistic, and geographic diversity. The contributors explore the development and transformation of identity over the long span of the empire's existence. They offer engaging accounts of individuals, groups, and communities by drawing on a rich array of primary sources, some available in English translation for the first time. These materials are examined with new methodological approaches to gain a deeper understanding of what it meant to be Ottoman. Designed for use as a course text, each chapter includes study questions and suggestions for further reading.
The limits of integration : ethnicity and nationalism in modern Europe
Turks and Armenians : nationalism and conflict in the Ottoman Empire
The enemy at the gate : Habsburgs, ottomans and the battle for Europe
Contested conversions to Islam : narratives of religious change in the early modern Ottoman Empire
Türk müziǧi ustalari. Ud = Masters of Turkish music. Ud
Frontiers of Ottoman studies : state, province, and the west. Vol. 2
State and provincial society in the Ottoman empire : Mosul, 1540-1834
Ottoman medicine : healing and medical institutions, 1500-1700
History of Egypt : from the Arab conquest to the present
The mosque in early Ottoman architecture
Osman's dream : the story of the Ottoman Empire, 1300-1923
The Balfour declaration : the origins of the Arab-Israeli conflict
The middle east : 2000 years of history from the Rice of Christianity to the Present Day
The Kapudan Pasha, his office and his domain : Halcyon Days in Crete IV : a symposium held in Rethymnon 7-9 January 2000
Empire of the Sultans : Ottoman art from the collections of Nasser D. Khalili
The Ottoman empire 1326-1699
Empire, Islam, and politics of difference : Ottoman rule in Yemen, 1849-1919
A social history of Ottoman Istanbul
The age of Sultan Süleyman the Magnificent
The Janissaries
Frontiers of Ottoman studies : state, province, and the west. Vol. 1
Studies on Ottoman society and culture, 16th-18th centuries
Osmanli arsivi : Yildiz tasnifi, Ermeni meselesi, Talori olaylari = Ottoman archives : Yildiz collection, the Armenian question, Talori incidents
Ipek : imperial Ottoman silks and velvets
Iznik : the artistry of Ottoman ceramics
The essence of Iznik
The role of the Balian family in Ottoman architecture
An Ottoman tragedy : history and historiography at play
The Cambridge history of Turkey. Vol. 3, The Later Ottoman Empire, 1603-1839
