http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21119 blu-ray discs
blu-ray discs
Live at Montreux 1997
Migration from DVD to Blu-ray disc in packaged interactive video format
Maailmojen sota : War of the worlds
Abstract: Migration From DVD to Blu-ray Disc in Packaged Interactive Video Format : Blu-ray Authoring.
Sin City
Principles of digital audio
DVD versus Blu-ray disc : consumer survey
Programming HD DVD and Blu-ray disc : the HD cookbook
SBK X superbike world championship
The imaginarium of doctor Parnassus
The videomaker guide to video production
The sound of music : laulava Trappin perhe : 45-vuotisjuhlajulkaisu
The sound of music
Blu-ray disc demystified
Pulp fiction
This thesis is a marketing survey on the introduction of Blu-ray discs on the Finnish market proposed by Paramount Home Entertainment (Finland) Ltd. The objective of the survey is to find, what position Blu-ray disc holds on the home video entertainment market in Helsinki capital area and to determine the profile of an average consumer. The main research questions are, what the typical buyer of Blu-ray and DVD discs is like and what consumers in Helsinki capital area know about Blu-ray products.   Blu-ray format was introduced on the global market in 2006 and is a new type of video format with enhanced resolution, capacity and sound. It first appeared on the Finnish market in 2007. The theoretical framework for the survey covers positioning and competitive advantage, product life cycle and diffusion of innovation, decision making process and other factors influencing buying behavior e.g. word of mouth communication and perceived risk. The information for the survey was gathered during weeks 39 and 40 at Kamppi shopping center and 102 respondents answered the questionnaire.  The sample consists mainly of employees and businessmen (58%) and students (42%) and is skewed towards the age group of 21-30. An average consumer in the sample is a frequent cinema visitor and prefers to purchase DVD and Blu-ray discs in supermarkets and Internet stores. The analysis of data revealed that 77% of respondents heard about Blu-ray format. The respondents are quite satisfied with the current quality of DVDs and Blu-ray discs, yet, very few people had first-hand experience in Blu-ray products. An average buyer of DVD and Blu-ray discs in the sample is quite independent, yet listening consumer.  The sales for Blu-ray discs grow continuously and can be increased by promotion, active learning and both formal and informal opinion leadership. Blu-ray disc has many alluring physical attributes such as enhanced resolution and capacity. However, theses advantages should be transferred into perceptual positioning, so that the diffusion of Blu-ray discs becomes faster and it would substitute DVDs as the next generation in home video entertainment.
Superstars V8 : next challenge : PlayStation 3.
High-definition DVD handbook : producing for HD DVD and Blu-Ray disc
