http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21127 dissatisfaction
dissatisfaction
They wrote me a really nice letter... : the findings of a mystery shopping exercise : how high street retailers respond to written complaints from their customers
The foolish tortoise
The customer service survival kit : what to say to defuse even the worst customer situations
The little old lady who broke all the rules
Boreout! : overcoming workplace demotivation
Love from Luisa
Post-romantic stress disorder : what to do when the honeymoon is over
Life satisfaction as a health predictor
Missing out : in praise of the unlived life
The cow on the roof
Male eating disorders and related traits : genetic epidemiological study in Finnish twins
Higglety pigglety pop! or There must be more to life
Failure / edited by Lisa Le Feuvre
Food, morals, and meaning : the pleasure and anxiety of eating
Maoism at the grassroots : everyday life in China's era of high socialism
Who wants to be a poodle, I don't
Abstract: An investigation into the issues facing effective employee induction : the case of new employee induction at the Skanska Nordic Procurement Unit. The main objective of this study was to investigate what are the issues and possible problems that this one unit in a researched company is facing in their induction and how the employees themselves see the current situation of the induction.    The researched company unit felt that there was a need for a  concentrated induction process created especially for the employees of this particular unit. Before planning the new process, it would be essential to map the current situation  and define the issues that have to be taken into account when planning the induction.    This Bachelor's Thesis is therefore investigating what are the most important issues to take into consideration when it comes to new employee induction.    A critical review of the literature was carried out and an online questionnaire was administered to 53 employees who had joined the researched company unit within the past year.    The results revealed that there is no common process followed at the researched company unit. Furthermore, the findings illustrate that the issues that the company should take into account regarding the induction are the induction plan and the presence of the immediate supervisor on the newcomer's first day.
Service firms' action upon negative incidents in high touch services : a narrative study
The carriage house : a novel
Shapes and sizes : body image, body dissatisfaction and disordered eating in relation to gender and gender identity
Finnish summary.
Service firm' s action upon negative incidents in high touch services : a narrative study
The dogs of Littlefield
Customer claims : DHL Lahti
The winter war
The Woman Who Went To Bed For a Year
The grass is singing
Comfort zone : a novel of present day discontents
Job satisfaction among secondary school teachers in Tanzania : the case of Njombe district
Improving Customer Satisfaction and Customer Service Levels : Case: Nakumatt Mega City Supermarket
Childhood gender atypical behavior and adult body dissatisfaction, and the moderating effect of parent-child relationship quality
Prince Charmless
Never say no to a princess!
Handbook of tourist behavior : theory & practice
Abstract:.
Hairy bear
The winter of our discontent
The woman who went to bed for a year
The body wars : why body dissatisfaction is at epidemic proportions and how we can fight back
The stonecutter : a folktale from Japan
"This edited volume explores the stunning diversity in behavior, outlook, and viewpoints at the grassroots level of society during the Mao Zedong era. Men had gay relationships in factory dormitories, teens penned searing complaints in diaries, mentally ill individuals in the Beijing suburbs cursed Mao, and farmers formed secret societies, founded new dynasties, and worshipped forbidden spirits. These diverse undercurrents were at least as mainstream in people's everyday lives as the ideas found in Mao's Little Red Book or People's Daily editorials. Bringing together senior scholars and up-and-coming researchers from China, Europe, North America, and Taiwan, the book draws on rare documents to challenge top-down historical narratives. Focusing on crime, labels, and punishment; mobilization; culture and communication; and discontent, the chapters reveal how people individually and collectively negotiated structures of power. Bringing readers stories of aggrieved schoolteachers in rural Hunan, Uyghur officials in Xinjiang, armed rebels on the southwest frontier, and disaffected youth in Tianjin, the volume sheds light on the traumas and unexpected turning points during China's years of high socialism, raising the question of whether 'Mao's China' ever existed at all"--Provided by publisher.
Adultery : a novel
An Investigation into the Issues Facing Effective Employee Induction : The Case of New Employee Induction at the Skanska Nordic Procurement Unit
Voices from the welfare state : dissatisfaction and political action in Sweden
The time of my life
A culture of corruption : everyday deception and popular discontent in Nigeria
Designing a security intranet for company X
Encounters in the health care : the voice of the patient
Completion
An investigation into the issues facing effective employee induction : the case of new employee induction at the Skanska Nordic Procurement Unit
Proactive service recovery from a relationship perspective : a case study of partnership Forum at Wärtsilä India Ltd
Eleanor's eyebrows
Mary's Hair
