http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21197 electronic government
electronic government e-government
Summary (s. ix-x).
Towards a networked Finland : the Information Society Council's report to the Finnish Government : February 2005.
E-government : towards electronic democracy : International Conference, TCGOV 2005, Bolzano, Italy, March 2-4, 2005 : proceedings
Record keeping in a hybrid environment : managing the creation, use, preservation and disposal of unpublished information objects in context
Rethinking e-government services : user-centred approaches
Handbook of research on public information technology / Vol. 1.
eEurope 2002 : creating an EU framework for the exploitation of public sector information : communication from the Commission to the Council, the European Parliament, the Economic and Social Committee and the Committee of the Regions
Electrical safety governance : case Finland
Electronic invoicing iniatives in Finland and in the European Union : taking the steps towards the real-time economy
e-Development toward the knowledge economy : leveraging technology, innovation and entrepreneurship for "smart" development
Electronic-mail handling instruction for State Government
ICEB + eBRF 2006 : frontiers of e-business research 2006 : conference proceedings
Designing e-government for the poor
E-readiness of public administration in developing countries : a case study on Bangladesh public administration
Transition to a new online recruitment service  : case: Ministry of the Interior
"This book provides rare insights into the nature of contemporary, technologically-facilitated government. Its multidisciplinary approach demonstrates that information technology is more than a tool for politicians and policy-makers. E-government has reconfigured public administration, policy, power and citizenship"--Provided by publisher.
E-government research : policy and management
Local electronic government : a comparative study
Comparison of governance models for e-government initiatives
Effectiveness of e-government in a two-case comparison : health care services in Finland and Estonia
Reforms for stability and sustainable growth : an OECD perspective on Hungary
Digital divide : civic engagement, information poverty, and the Internet worldwide
National electronic government : comparing governance structures in multi-layer administrations
The e-government imperative
Abstract: ICT law in electronic administration : ICT judicial principles and electronic administrative procedure.
Dangerous enthusiasms : e-government, computer failure and information system development
"This book compiles estimable research on the global trend toward the rapidly increasing use of information technology in the public sector, discussing such issues as e-government and e-commerce; project management and information technology evaluation; system design and data processing; security and protection; and privacy, access, and ethics of public information technology"--Provided by publisher.
Information society : from theory to political practice : coursebook
Advances in librarianship. Vol. 32, Exploring the digital frontier
The use of e-government services and the Internet: the role of socio-demographic, economic and geographical predictors
ICT and innovation in the public sector : European studies in the making of e-government
Building e-community centres for rural development : report of the Regional Workshop, Bali, Indonesia, 8-14 December 2004
Usability of e-government portals in China
IDA: e-government services for living, working and moving across Europe
E-Taxation : state & perspectives
Computer accounting : for courses based on Sage Accounting software
Electronic invoicing as a platform for exchanging accounting information : the electronic accounting reference concept
E-governance initiative in a developing country : the case of Bangladesh
Transition to a new online recruitment service : case Ministry of the Interior
Managing the electronic government : from vision to practice
Manufacturing I in Microsoft DynamicsTM NAV 5.0 : 8607 A.
ICT security readiness checklist for developing countries : a social-technical approach
Presenting a multi-disciplinary approach, the comprehensive text analyses a range of challenges that governments are facing with the growth of e-government, covering those of a technological and managerial nature as well as those of a more political and legal nature.
Information management for tactical decision-making in the cardiac care process
The purpose of this thesis is to ascertain the challenges involved in the transition from traditional recruiting to a new online recruitment service. Heli online recruitment service has been created by the State Treasury and is intended for use by government agencies. The service was developed to make the administration of routine matters more effective, to modernize the State recruiting culture, and to increase personnel mobility within the state. It is also part of Finnish productivity and regionalization programs. The research method used in this study was qualitative. The empirical data was gathered by interviewing four employees of the Ministry of the Interior, between July and October 2009. The effects of the transition on recruitment efficiency were observed by analyzing them with the help of internal marketing, human resources management and employer image theories. The aim was to discover how this online recruitment service has changed the recruitment process and how this has benefitted the Ministry of the Interior’s image. The study results indicated that use of this service has significantly changed the recruitment process in the Ministry of the Interior. This service has modernized the recruitment culture and it has helped to promote governmental agencies as a prominent employer. Efficiency has increased, as many tasks can now be done electronically. The results indicated that there is still room for improvement. In order to develop the Heli service, it is crucial that the State Treasury and various governmental agencies co-operate. It can be stated that once the most critical faults have been corrected and the public is more familiar with the service, its full potential can be reached.
Digital era governance : IT corporations, the state, and E-government
Summary (s. 11-15).
'The emperor's new clothes' : recordkeeping in a new context
The electronic document and its management in a distributed operating environment
OECD e-government studies. Mexico
Usability in government systems : user experience design for citizens and public servants
The implementation and use of ERMS : a study in Icelandic organizations
Cases on managing e-services
Governance and information technology : from electronic government to information government
Summary (s. 1-6).
Electronic archiving applications and their adoption in Finnish accounting firms
Business Process Management System in The City of Oulu's Electronic Government
OECD e-government studies : Hungary
Emerging electronic highways : new challenges for politics and law
Understanding e-government : information systems in public administration
OECD e-government studies. Norway
Organisational performance management in sport
The implementation of Internet democracy in Estonian local governments
Digital government : principles and best practices
Information, the people that use it, the tool that stores it, the E-tool that sends it & how to use and get the most from it
International handbook of public management reform
Governing electronically : e-government and the reconfiguration of public administration, policy and power
Strengthening e-governance in the North-South local government co-operation programme: Ghana, Tanzania, Kenya, South Africa, Namibia and Swaziland
Current issues and trends in e-government research
Synergy : the IDABC quarterly
Access to Finnish law
Summary assessment and proposals for action (s. 9-36).
Managing electronic services : a public sector perspective
Development of the cost-efficient reporting process for VTP Oy
From e-government to public information management : the maturity and future of information management in local governments
OECD e-government studies : Netherlands
Rapports suisses présentés au XVIIe Congrès international de droit comparé, Utrecht, 16 au 22 juillet 2006 = : Swiss reports presented at the XVIIth International Congress of Comparative Law
The core governmental perspectives of e-health
Resilient health care. volume 3, reconciling work-as-imagined and work-as-done
Extending reach and increasing impact
Design for recordkeeping : areas of improvement
Ireland : towards an integrated public service
Manufacturing II in Microsoft DynamicsTM NAV 5.0
Implementing and managing egovernment : an international text
The information ecology of e-government : e-government as institutional and technological innovation in public administration
Public administration and information technology
Electronic document archiving in Häme Polytechnic
Understanding e-government in Europe : issues and challenges
The Implementation and Use of ERMS - A Study in Icelandic Organizations
New technologies in public administration
Legal issues and economic exploitation of open government data
Internet politics : states, citizens, and new communication technologies
Information government in practise: functional gains and legal perils
Community information services for the poor : report on the country course, Colombo, 6-12 October 2005
Conclusion (s. 86-89).
The tools of government in the digital age
Internet governance : a grand collaboration : an edited collection of papers contributed to the United Nations ICT Task Force Global Forum on Internet Governance, New York, March 25-26, 2004
Global e-government : theory, applications and benchmarking
