http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21183 arts sector
arts sector arts (lines of business)
Managing creativity : Exploring the paradox
Selvedge : the fabric of your life: textiles in fine art, fashion, interiors, travel and shopping
Change is no stranger to us in the twenty-first century. All of us must constantly adjust to an evolving world, to transformation and innovation. But for many thousands of creative artists, a torrent of recent changes has made it all but impossible to earn a living. A persistent economic recession, social shifts, and technological change have combined to put our artists-from graphic designers to indie-rock musicians, from architects to booksellers-out of work. This book looks deeply and broadly into the roots of the crisis of the creative class in America and tells us why it matters.
The arts in the primary school
"A Philosophy of cinematic Art is a systematic study of cinema as an art form, showing how the medium conditions fundamental features of cinematic artworks. It discusses the status of cinema as an art form, whether there is a language of film, realism in cinema, cinematic authorship, intentionalist and constructivist theories of interpretation, cinematic narration, the role of emotions in responses to films, the possibility of identification with characters, and the nature of the cinematic medium." "Groundbreaking in its coverage of a wide range of contemporary cinematic media, it analyses not only traditional photographic films, but also digital cinema, and a variety of interactive cinematic works, including videogames, written in a clear and accessible style, the book examines the work of leading film theorists and philosophers of film, and develops a powerful framework with which to think about cinema as an art."--BOOK JACKET.
Culture crash : the killing of the creative class
Collecting as modernist practice
The Italian metamorphosis, 1943-1968
Entrepreneurship and the creative economy : process, practice and policy
How to create a portfolio & get hired : a guide for graphic designers and illustrators
A textbook of cultural economics
Entrepreneurship in the creative industries : an international perspective
Choreographers in motion : retrospective and perspectives
Art school : (propositions for the 21st century)
Pleasant guided mental walks via pictures of works of art : a work of art stimulation programme : controlled intervention studies of the effect on psyhomedical health in elderly women
Strategic management in the arts
Performing and visual arts : writing & reviewing
The contested autonomy of arts and journalism : change and continuity in the dual professionalism of cultural journalism
Gallery as community : art, education, politics
In pursuit of the UnSafe : locating the native artist
Digital creativity : something from nothing
New cultural art centres in Moscow and St. Petersburg
Creativity and innovation among science and art : a discussion of the two cultures
The guerilla guide to performance art : how to make a living as an artist
Thesis design : research meets practice in art and design master's theses
Bibliotecas de arte, arquitectura y diseño : perspectivas actuales : Barcelona, 18-21 de agosto de 1993 : actas del Congreso organizado por la Sección de Bibliotecas de Arte de la IFLA, el Grup de Bibliotecaris d'Art de Catalunya y el Museu Nacional d'Art de Catalunya = Art, architecture and design libraries : current trends : proceedings of the IFLA Art Libraries Satellite Meeting organized by IFLA Section of Art Libraries, the Grup de Bib[l]iotecaris d'Art de Catalunya and the Museu Nacional d'Art de Catalunya
Creative economy report 2008 : the challenge of assessing the creative economy : towards informed policy-making
This text shows those embarking on an illustration or graphic design career how best to put together an effective, professional portfolio. It discusses what to include and how to organize and display the work, and also advises on presentation techniques and self-promotion.
Potentials : design in the field : new discourse on craft development 1-2
Breakfast at Sotheby's : an A-Z of the art world
Arts & business : exempel på kreativa allianser i Norden = Arts & business : creative alliances - a collection of cases in the North
Seven days in the art world
The expressive arts
From Alan01 to AlanOnline : a study of the different characteristics of physical media installations and non-material art
The Long Road Toward Cooperation : International Trade Union Organizations in the Arts, Culture, Media and Entertainment Sector after World War II - An oral history project -.
Inspiring writing in art and design : taking a line for a write
The education of an art director
Made by hand : contemporary makers, traditional practices
Creative graduates creative futures : a major longitudinal study undertaken between 2008 and 2010 of the career patterns of graduates in art, design, crafts and media subjects qualifying in 2002, 2003 and 2004 from 26 UK higher education institutions
Women in art : figures of influence
Creative, Inc. : the ultimate guide to running a successful freelance business
Dora Jung : Beuty which lasts forever. Dora Jung ́s reborn textiles=La beauté est éternelle. Dora Jung a rendu la vie au textile
Creative industries : Russian profile
Postipankki : the first 100 years
Thank you, postman
Women artists : the Linda Nochlin reader
International artist : the magazine for artists by artists from around the world
This edited book will address creativity and innovation among the two cultures of science and art. Disciplines within science and art include: medicine (neurology), music therapy, art therapy, physics, chemistry, engineering, music, improvisation, education and aesthetics. This book will be the first of its kind to appeal to a broad audience of students, scholars, scientists, professionals, practitioners (physicians, psychologists, counsellors and social workers), musicians, artists, educators and administrators. In order to understand creativity and innovation across fields, the approach is multidisciplinary. While there is overlap across disciplines, unique domain specific traits exist in each field and are also discussed in addition to similarities. This book engages the reader with the comparison of similarities and differences through dialog across disciplines. Authors of each chapter address creativity and innovation from their own distinct perspective. Each chapter is transdisciplinary in approach. These perspectives entail a representation of their field through research, teaching, service and/or practice.
The textile directory 2007
International Entrepreneurship in the Arts focuses on teaching students, artists, and arts managers specific strategies for expanding creative ventures that are already successful domestically to an international audience. Varbanova’s accessible writing outlines a systematic theoretical framework that guides the reader from generating an innovative idea and starting up an international arts enterprise to its sustainable international growth. Applying concepts, models, and tools from international entrepreneurship theory and practice, Varbanova analyzes how these function within the unique setting of the arts and culture sector. -- The book covers: Domestic inception of an arts enterprise, followed by international expansion, starting up an international arts venture in the early stages of its inception, presenting an arts activity or project in a foreign country or region, financing a startup venture with international resources, implementing diverse models of international partnership, starting up an arts venture that is run by a multinational team and creating an art product with international dimension -- The book’s 23 case studies and 54 short examples feature disciplines from fine arts and photography to music, theatre, and contemporary dance, and cover ventures in over 20 countries to provide students with practical insight into the issues and challenges facing real arts organizations. Aimed at students interested in the business aspects of arts and cultural ventures, it will also be of use to practitioners looking at ways to internationalize their own enterprises.
$30 writing school
The art market has been booming. Museum attendance is surging. More people than ever call themselves artists. Contemporary art has become a mass entertainment, a luxury good, a job description, and, for some, a kind of alternative religion. In a series of narratives, Sarah Thornton investigates the drama of a Christie's auction, the workings in Takashi Murakami's studios, the elite at the Basel Art Fair, the eccentricities of Artforum magazine, the competition behind an important art prize, life in a notorious art-school seminar, and the wonderland of the Venice Biennale. She reveals the new dynamics of creativity, taste, status, money, and the search for meaning in life. A judicious and juicy account of the institutions that have the power to shape art history, based on hundreds of interviews with high-profile players, Thornton's entertaining ethnography will change the way you look at contemporary culture. From publisher description.
Rotterdam dialogues : the critics, the curators, the artists : [this publication appears following the three symposia Rotterdam Dialogues: The Critics, The Curators, the Artists held at Witte de With between October 2008 and April 2009]
Research in art and design in Finnish universities : evaluation report
"This book looks at the unique characteristics of cultural organizations and shows readers how to tailor a strategic plan to help these organizations meet their objectives. Including examples, cases, questions and suggestions for further reading, this book is designed to accompany classes on strategic planning, cultural management or arts management"--
International entrepreneurship in the arts
"Digital Creativity examines the impact of technology on the creative practitioner, how it influences, and sometimes determines, the way they work and what they produce. It questions the claims to creativity of the technology industry, and at the same time argues for seeing computing as a craft practice. Artists and craftspeople have always been drawn to new technologies for inspiration, and the book seeks to contextualize the frenzy of claims about the impact of digital technology against the reality of what it is to be creative. The different motivations for creativity are tested, making much-needed distinctions between the practices of the arts and the models of innovation in engineering and elsewhere in the technology industries. Finally, the book warns of the problems ahead if technology comes to dominate creative practice, either by defining it or imitating it. Ultimately, artists must engage with it if it is to retain a human form and scale. "-- Provided by publisher.
Start your own arts and crafts business : retail, carts and kiosks, craft shows, street fairs
Framework : the finnish art review
Mapping the Americas : the transnational politics of contemporary native culture
The creative industries : culture and policy
Tourist Motivation and Information Search Behaviour
Case: Museum of Contemporary Art Kiasma
Primary art : it's the process, not the product
Creative careers : paths for aspiring actors, artists, dancers, musicians and writers
Developing and maintaining a design-tech portfolio : a guide for theatre, film, and TV
Dancing Korea : new waves of choreographers and dance companies
Bookbinding basics
Management and the arts
New media in the white cube and beyond : curatorial models for digital art
Understandign the value of arts & culture : the AHRC cultural value project
Nature the end of art : environmental landscapes
Plato - plutonium - Plutarch : trinity for contemporary plurality
Interactive experience in the digital age : evaluating new art practice
VJ : audio-visual art and VJ culture
Between grace and fear : the role of the arts in a time of change
Arts, health, entrepreneurship? : a conference on arts and health projects and practices on 22-23 October 2012 in Helsinki
Unspoken interactions : exploring the unspoken dimension of learning and teaching in creative subjects
Creative Industries and Economic Evolution
All that is : a novel
Intercultural communication and creative practice : music, dance, and women's cultural identity
Culture as a vocation : sociology of career choices in cultural management
Art, games and sensors harnessed to enhance well-being
A philosophy of cinematic art
Northern beauty : Barents visual arts in the 1970s and the 1980s
The art business
Sacred exchanges : images in global context
The culture business : management strategies for the arts-related business
Photographed by Reed Krakoff, Women in Art: Figures of Influence features intimate black-and-white portraits of leading women in the contemporary art community. From Valentina Castellani, Almine Rech, and Jeanne Greenberg Rohatyn to Dominique Lévy, Marianne Boesky, and Lucy Chadwick, each woman possesses undeniable talent, creativity, and intelligence -- making them prominent figureheads of renowned galleries, museums, and institutions across the globe. Complementing each image is an art questionnaire -- following in the spirit of Assouline's bestselling Proust Questionnaire and Fashion Questionnaire -- personally completed by each woman along with selected works of art. A true objet d'art, Women in Art: Figures of Influence offers a unique window into the feminine side of the art world.
Evaluation of media and communication studies in higher education in Finland
The New administration of aesthetics
Being and becoming visible : women, performance, and visual culture
Understanding the classical music profession : the past, the present and strategies for the future
The fifth edition of Management and the Arts provides you with theory and practical applications from all arts management perspectives including planning, marketing, finance, economics, organization, staffing, and group dynamics. Regardless of whether you are a manager in a theatre, museum, dance company, or opera, you will gain useful insights into strategic planning, organization, and integrated management theories. Case studies, statistics, and real-world examples will allow you get a handle on all aspects of arts managements, from budgeting and fundraising, to e-marketing and social networking, to working effectively with boards and staff members. Revised to reflect the latest thinking and trends in managing organizations and people, this fifth edition features class-tested questions in each chapter, which help you to integrate the material and develop ideas about how the situations and problems could have been handled. Case studies focus on the challenges facing managers and organizations every day, and "In the News" quotes give you real-world examples of principles and theories.
Practising photographic art online
Training artists for innovation : competencies for new contexts
Cultural threads : transnational textiles today
Stones and other works
The future of art : a manual
Readings in primary art education
