http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21164 combining
combining reconciliation matching
Children's and parents' experiences on everyday life and the home/work balance in Finland
Balancing your life : executive lessons for work, family and self
Balancing the big stuff : finding happiness in work, family, and life
A year after arresting Jason Medina for the rape and murder of his step-daughter, Detective Inspector Amaia Salazar has one last duty to complete before starting her maternity leave attending Medina's trial. Then the trial is suddenly called off.
"Pair beer and food like a pro. Beer has re-claimed its place at the dinner table. Yet unlike wine, there just aren't many in-depth resources to guide both beginners and beer geeks for pairing beer with food. Julia Herz and Gwen Conley are here to change that.As you start your journey, you'll learn all about the effects aroma, taste, preference, and personal experience can have on flavor. Just as important, you'll become a tasting Anarchist--throw out the conventional advice and figure out what works for you! Then, on to the pairing. Begin with beer styles, start with your favorite foods, or join the authors on a series of wild palate trips. From classics like barbecue ribs with American Brown Ale to unusual matches like pineapple upside-down cake with Double India Pale Ale, you'll learn why some pairings stand the test of time and you'll find plenty of new ideas as well. With complete information for planning beer dinners and cooking with beer, tips from pro brewers, and geek-out science features, Julia and Gwen will make sure you never look at beer--or food--the same way again!"--
100 ways to simplify your life
Workplace psychological health : current research and practice
The synchronization of national policies : ethnography of the global tribe of moderns
Womenomics : work less, achieve moore, live better
By living to glorify God, and letting go of what lies behind, you have the power to change your live. Meyer shows you one hundred ways to immediately improve your life, and let God help you live a simple life.
The changing realities of work and family : a multidisciplinary approach
Work/family reconciliation : corporate management, family policies, and gender equality in the Finnish context
Flourishing in life, work and careers : individual wellbeing and career experiences
The Legacy of the Bones
Unspeakable truths : transitional justice and the challenge of truth commissions
Abstract: Proper balance between work and leisure? : studies of time use in different life situations.
The illusion of the prolongation of youth
Reconciling work and family life in EU law and policy
Summary.
Reconciling human existence with ecological integrity : science, ethics, economics and law
Finnish summary.
Work-life balance policy in Czech Republic, Hungary, Poland and Slovakia 1989 - 2009 : twenty years of transformation
"This book critically assesses the policy and legislative framework for the reconciliation of work and family life at EU level, and proposes a new way of looking at this complex set of issues based in what the realities are for working families"--Provided by publisher.
Longer careers? : 'Veto' programme indicators
Beer pairing : the essential guide from the pairing pros
Work-life interaction among international business travelers
Work-life balance in Europe : the role of job quality
"A resource guide for both beginners and beer geeks explaining beer styles and characteristics, taste elements, interactions, and providing specific food pairings"--
Creating balance? : international perspectives on the work-life integration of professionals
Network adjacency in shaping intra-organizational perceptions about strategic IT-business alignment
Workplace flexibility : realigning 20th-century jobs for a 21st-century workforce
Combining paid work and family care : policies and experiences in international perspective
Women, men and children in families : private troubles and public issues
The successful combination of work and family in Finland : the ability to compromise as a key factor
French summary.
Reinventing art of everyday making
Application integration development : case study: BillQuick-Netvisor integration
The Synchronization of National Policies shows how it is possible that there is remarkable uniformity in the policies that the nation-states adopt, although there is no world government. Mainstream research attributes such global governance to the influence of leading countries, to functional requirements created by capitalism and technological development, or to international organizations. This book argues that to understand how national policies are synchronized we need to realize that the global population forms a single global tribe of moderns, divided into some 200 clans called nations. While previous research on the world culture of moderns has focused on the diffusion of ideas, this book concentrates on the active role of local actors, who introduce global models and domesticate them to nation-states. In national policymaking, actors justify new policies by international comparisons, by the successes and failures of models adopted in other countries, and by building and appealing to the authority of international organizations. Consequently, national policies are synchronized with each other. Yet, because of the way such domestication of global trends takes place, citizens retain and reproduce the understanding that they follow a sovereign national trajectory.
Final paleolithic camp organization : as seen from the perspective of lithic artifacts refitting
Personal and political : feminisms, sociology and family lives
New frontiers in work and family research
Seven rules on having a happy marriage along with work
Eco-experiential quality of urban forests: Combining ecological, restorative and aesthetic perspectives
Freetime machos
Working time and family time : experiences of the work and family interface among dual-earning couples in Finland
Working couples caring for children and aging parents : effects on work and well-being
The time divide : work, family, and gender inequality
Extended collective licences : the compatibility of the Nordic solution with the international conventions and EC law
Work-family balance, gender and policy
Transitions to parenthood in Europe : a comparative life course perspective
"A book with more than 75 recipes from an internationally acclaimed chef/brewer duo dedicated to elevating and pairing beer with high-end dining. The debut book by Danish gypsy brewer Jeppe Jarnit-Bjergs of the bar T rst, and Canadian chef Daniel Burns of the Michelin-starred restaurant Luksus -- both in a shared space in Greenpoint, Brooklyn where they elevate beer to the level of wine in fine dining. With a dialogue running throughout the book, Food & Beer examines the vision and philosophy of this duo at the forefront of a new gastronomic movement. With a stunning, bold aesthetic, the design will highlight the dual visions of the authors and the spaces -- T rst, which is more rustic and relaxed, and Luksus, which is more sleek and refined. Foreword by internationally renowned chef Ren e Redzepi, co-owner of Noma in Copenhagen." --
Matchmakers : the new economics of platform businesses : how one of the oldest business models on earth powers the most incredible companies in the world
The individual in the changing working life
Towards business-driven business intelligence : alignment between business and BI
