http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21194 waste electronic and electrical equipment
waste electronic and electrical equipment electronic waste
Evaluation of opportunities in e-waste processing facility investment in Pune, India
A multinational perspective to managing end-of-life electronics
E-waste recycling : proposal plan for Rustenburg city
Utopia : can we achieve it?
Made to break : technology and obsolescence in America
The production and use of electrical and electronic equipment (EEE) have significantly increased during the last three decades due to technological innovations and new applications of EEE. Fast technological progress, EEE becoming a part of everyday life and rising incomes have led to the situation where EEE are more replaceable than ever causing the rapid growth of waste electrical and electronic equipment (WEEE). In order to reduce negative environmental and health impacts and to improve the recovery of valuable substances from WEEE, the European Union has implemented Directives related to EEE.In this thesis, the national implementation of the WEEE Directive and the development of the WEEE recovery infrastructure in Finland were studied. Furthermore, consumers’ awareness and perceptions toward the WEEE recovery system were assessed through a survey conducted in the Oulu region. Finally, the role of consumer behaviour in storing electronics at home and its impact on the realisation of the waste hierarchy were considered.Results indicate that the implementation of the WEEE Directive has succeeded in Finland. The legislative basis and functional WEEE recovery system with high collection and recovery rates have been enacted within a few years. The study revealed that consumers' awareness of the importance and existence of WEEE recovery system is high among the residents in Oulu; however, the high storing rates of mobile phones indicate that the proximity and the convenience of the WEEE recovery system are inadequate to motivate the return of small WEEE. Analysing the lifespan of electronics indicates that stockpiling deprives the re-use potential of mobile phones and thus hinders waste prevention. Storage also delays the return of valuable substances for recycling and risks the realisation of the waste management hierarchy. It is concluded that education and awareness raising will continue to be a crucial element in the progress towards a more environmentally conscious WEEE recovery in Finland.
Visit sunny Chernobyl : and other adventures in the world's most polluted places
Mechanical and thermal recycling of waste from electric and electrical equipment
Electronic waste management
Strengths and challenges in the Finnish waste electrical and electronic equipment recovery system : consumers’ perceptions and participation
Understanding environmental policy
Opening an IT recycling center in Nigeria : the business plan
Element recovery and sustainability
Abstract:.
Strengths and challenges in the Finnish waste electrical and electronic equipment recovery system : consumers' perceptions and participation
High tech trash : digital devices, hidden toxics, and human health
Nigeria`s WEEE market : business opportunity for Finnish SMEs
Conversion of large scale wastes into value-added products
Hydrometallurgical recovery of valuable metals from secondary raw materials
Strengths and challenges in the Finnish waste electrical and electronic equipment recovery system:consumers’ perceptions and participation
