http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21130 transitional phase
transitional phase
Interprofessional collaboration in supporting transition to school
School-to-work-transitions in international comparison
The economics of organic farming : an international perspective
Residential differentiation, housing policy and urban planning in the transformation from state socialism to a market economy : the case of Tallinn
Proactive and preventive student welfare activities in Finnish preschool and elementary school : handling of transition to formal schooling and a National Anti-bullying Program as examples
Between school and work : new perspectives on transfer and boundary-crossing
Emerging adulthood : the winding road from the late teens through the twenties
Abstract: From innocence to freezy : observation of the transition stage from childhood to youth.
Transitions and learning through the lifecourse
Moral struggles, subtle shifts : narrative practices of identity work in career transitions
Transition assessment : wise practices for quality lives
Providing public goods in transitional China
Bridging the divide at transition : what happens for young people with learning difficulties and their families?
Bridging the transition from primary to secondary school
Labour mobility : At the eastern border of the enlarging European Union; the Polish-Ukrainian border
Transitions and transformations in learning and education
Autism and the transition to adulthood : success beyond the classroom
Is timing everything? : a longitudinal perspective on adult transitions, their antecedents, and psychological implications
Supporting transitions in the early years
Evaluation : evolving new partnerships between Finland and Namibia : summary
Two decades of post-communist transition in Europe
Transitions in individual vocational education pathways : challenges and collaborative solutions
Regulation of milk production in cows selected for different milk fat content with special reference to transition periods
I compagni : understanding children's transition from preschool to elementary school
Abstract (s. 3). Summary (s. 12-15).
Pathways to adulthood : developmental tasks, financial resources and agency
What will organic farming deliver? : COR 2006
Understanding transitions in the early years : supporting change through attachment and resilience
Successful kindergarten transition : your guide to connecting children, families & schools
Input supplies in Polish agriculture
School-to-work transitions in international comparison
Evaluation : evolving new partnerships between Finland and Namibia
Some trends of the transition from hunting to nomadic economy in Finnmark
The transition handbook : strategies high school teachers use that work!
Approaches to transition support for first year students in higher education
Where is China going? : new challenges and perspectives of China
Early years education : major themes in education. Volume 2 : curriculum issues in early childhood education
Transition management : new mode of governance for sustainable development = Transitiemanagement : nieuwe vorm van governance voor duurzame ontwikkeling
The transition to kindergarten
The influence of the transition from the command economy to the market-led economy on English language teaching and learning in Poland
Piano musicians' identity negotiations in the context of the academy and transition to working life : a socio-cultural approach
Cap and the rural environment in transition : a panorama of national perspectives
From education to work : report from Friskie EU -project
Modernization of agriculture in developing countries : resources, potentials and problems
Framed against the background of educational change, this book proposes to examine the relationship between curriculum change, teacher professional development, policy reform and the processes of educational change. The main aims of the book are to: . Focus on educational changes and reconstruction in transitional societies that have undergone political, economic and social change in the past two decades . Provide a forum for the dissemination of research on education reconstruction and reform in transitional societies . Disseminate ideas that enhance both the practical and theoretical aspects of educational changes in these societies . Further knowledge and understanding of emerging trends and issues in education in these societies . Reflect the realities of educational scenarios in each transitional society. The book presents an in-depth exploration of educational reconstruction in 15 transitional societies. In each chapter, the authors have provided an overview of educational processes in the country, a distillation of education change or reform, and/or reconstruction in each transitional society. Collectively, the chapters in the book have attempted to contribute to a better understanding of the educational system in respective countries by identifying the challenges and obstacles, the policy implications, the teacher professional development needs and curriculum reform efforts.
Motivation, burnout and engagement during critical transitions from school to work
Accounting reform in Central and Eastern Europe
Towards active citizenship : Friskie programme as a professional method for guidance
Guiding at-risk youth through learning to work : lessons from across Europe
Dealing with losers : the political economy of policy transitions
Abstract: The well-being of optimistic, well-performing high school students from high school to university.
Education Reform in Societies in Transition : International Perspectives
The Finnish senior secondary research project. 2, Departure from junior secondary and transfer to senior secondary
Student motivation and well-being : achievement goal orientation profiles, temporal stability, and academic and socio-emotional outcomes
Appraisals of education-related goals during educational transitions in late adolescence : consequences for academic well-being and goal attainment
Educational transitions : moving stories from around the world
An introduction to transitional justice
Learning to belong : exploring young children's participation at the start of school
Young people leaving care : supporting pathways to adulthood
Negotiating autonomy in greater China : Hong Kong and its sovereign before and after 1997
Manual : proposals for easy school transitions in Lapland
Behavioral inhibition as moderator of the relation between parenting and academic skill development in first grade -students
Transition and constitution in school/work relations
Transition strategies for adolescents & young adults who use AAC
Farm women's entrepreneurial activities in the countryside in transition
Reconciling community and subjective life : trauma testimony as political theorizing in the work of Jean Améry and Imre Kertész
