http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21195 postpartum depression
postpartum depression
Fear of childbirth
Postnatal depression : facing the paradox of loss, happiness and motherhood
Depression in new mothers : causes, consequences, and treatment alternatives
Rock-a-by baby : feminism, self-help, and postpartum depression
Abstract.
Early motherhood at risk : mothers with substance dependency
Offering a comprehensive approach to treating postpartum depression, including treatment options for breastfeeding mothers, the author addresses problems such as fatigue, pain, negative birth experiences, infant characteristics, & psychosocial factors.
Depression and distress in Swedish fathers in the postnatal period : prevalence, correlates, identification, and support
Motherhood and mental health
New mothers' survey in 2008 in rural China : a CHIMACA report
Risk and resilience during the neonatal period
Friday forever : memoirs of madness
The social context of birth
From pregnancy to middle childhood : what predicts a child's socio-emotional well-being?
The postpartum effect : deadly depression in mothers
Beyond the baby blues : the complete perinatal anxiety and depression handbook
Case studies in music therapy
"In today's perfectionistic culture, pregnant women are expected to be boundlessly optimistic and literally glowing with happiness. What often go unacknowledged are the physical and emotional challenges of pregnancy. This book offers strategies and solutions for confronting and relieving the stress of pregnancy. Think about some of the words so commonly used to describe a pregnant woman: "radiant," "glowing," "serene." But even for women who are thrilled to be having a baby, pregnancy can also be a difficult time filled with ambivalence, anxiety, and moodiness. Women who are typically accustomed to having complete control over their bodies endure waves of morning sickness, discomfort with their expanding belly, exhaustion, and anxiety about the impact a baby will have on their career, relationships, and freedom. Many pregnant women feel guilty about the challenging emotions; they face enormous societal pressure to be ecstatic about impending motherhood and wonder what is wrong with them when they don't feel the happiness they think they should be experiencing. Research shows that excessive stress during pregnancy is associated with premature birth and low birth weight. But relief does not come in the form of a pill--antidepressants have the potential to cause pregnancy complications and lifelong harm to unborn babies. Finding Calm for the Expectant Mom presents a seven-step program that shows women what they can do to feel happier, calmer, and less stressed in a safe and natural way. With the tools and problem-solving techniques presented here, women can adjust their expectations, restructure negative thought patterns, cultivate resiliency, and become better prepared to take on the role of motherhood"--
When baby brings the blues : solutions for postpartum depression
Use of the Edinburgh Postnatal Depression Scale (EPDS) in the detection of postnatal depression : a systematic literature review
Dropping the baby and other scary thoughts : breaking the cycle of unwanted thoughts in motherhood
The heartbreaking true story of a young, troubled mother who needed help. The sixteenth fostering memoir by Cathy Glass. It s a big, exciting moment for Laura when she decides to finally take her new baby out to the school playground for the first time ever. What should be a happy, magical moment quickly sours, however, when Laura suddenly feels queasy and runs off back home. None of the other schoolyard mothers seem to notice this troubled, struggling woman apart from Cathy. But when Cathy tries to help, she finds herself hitting wall after wall. Laura needs medical help but refuses to see a doctor. Her own cold mother refuses to help. It is left to Cathy to try and bring light to this dark and dangerous place.
Written for women who struggle with scary thoughts and the healthcare professionals who treat them, this book provides a resource for consumers and clinicians who must confront these negative cognitions by outlining what these thoughts are, why they are there, and what can be done about them.
Post-natal depression : psychology, science and the transition to motherhood
Modern management of perinatal psychiatric disorder
Depression after childbirth : how to recognize and treat postnatal illness
Antenatal & postnatal depression : practical advice and support for all sufferers
Early relationship between very preterm infant and mother : the role of infant, maternal and dyadic factors
The darkest days of my life : stories of postpartum depression
Psychology for midwives : pregnancy, childbirth and puerperium
Finding calm for the expectant mom : tools for reducing stress, anxiety, and mood swings during your pregnancy
Conquering postpartum depression : a proven plan for recovery
The silent cry : alone, there is nothing Kim can do as her mother's mental health spirals out of control
Maternal distress and postnatal depression : the myth of Madonna
Maternal postnatal depression, causes and consequences
The pregnancy & postpartum anxiety workbook : practical skills to help you overcome anxiety, worry, panic attacks, obsessions, and compulsions
Post-Natal depression : Psychology, science and the transition to motherhood
Postnatal depression : prevalence, identification and treatment
Postpartum depression and child development
Early maternal sensitivity : continuity and related risk factors
