http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2113 accommodation sector
accommodation sector
Beach Babylon
Write in English
The travel and tourism industry : strategies for the future
Caribbean tourism : people, service and hospitality
Applied facilities management for the hospitality industry
The lodging and food service industry
Hospitality management : an introduction to the industry
Managing people in international hospitality & tourism industries : approaches to managing, motivating and rewarding employees
A glance at hospitality management : an entrance examination reading guide
Marketing for hospitality and tourism
Advances in hospitality management research
Hotel housekeeping : operations and management
Motivational management made easy : for hospitality, tourism and leisure
Rolling pin international : the hotel and tourism magazine in German and English
Tourism & hospitality industry 2004 : new trends in tourism and hospitality management : congress proceedings : 17th Biennial International Congress, 14-16 April, Opatija, Croatija. Vol. 2.
Journal of hospitality & leisure marketing
The hotel and restaurant business
Hospitality marketing in the e-commerce age
Hospitality careers : planning and prepairing for a career in the hospitality industry
Travel, tourism, and hospitality research : a handbook for managers and researchers
Journal of hospitality education
Behavioural studies in hospitality management
Relationship between perceived organizational support and willingness to pursue a career in the hospitality industry
The theory of hospitality and catering
English for international tourism. Intermediate
Hospitality today : an introduction
The innkeeper of Ivy Hill
Leadership and management in the hospitality industry
Strategic concepts for assessing the potential of hospitality-related higher education in Uganda
Accounting for hospitality managers
Professional management of housekeeping operations
Tourism SMEs, service quality, and destination competitiveness
Accommodation management : a systems approach
Progress in tourism, recreation and hospitality management. Vol. 2
Mise en place for teaching : a handbook for hospitality and tourism educators and trainers
Human resources management in the hospitality industry. Study guide to accompany
Managing front office operations
Introducing hospitality
Highly recommended : English for the hotel and catering industry. 1, Pre-intermediate
International hospitality management : concepts and cases
Marketing management for the hospitality industry : a strategic approach
Marketing hospitality
Hospitality education and research journal
Exploring the hospitality industry
Information and communication technologies in tourism 2011 : proceedings of the international conference in Innsbruck, Austria, January 26-28, 2011
The importance of customer satisfaction and delight on loyalty in the tourism and hospitality industry
English for the hotel and tourism industry
"Today's hospitality professional must be an expert at managing many functions. In every segment of the hospitality industry, recruiting, selecting, orienting, training, and retaining outstanding staff members are always challenging tasks, but every manager must master them. Hospitality managers now need to be familiar with rising labor costs, increasing competition for quality staff, changing employees' attitudes, evolving guest expectations and a proliferation of new laws that impact human resources policies and activities. "--
Tourism supply chain management
Highly recommended : English for the hotel and catering industry : teacher's book. 1, Pre-intermediate
The economic ascent of the hotel business
Executive decisions : hospitality case studies in leadership, ethics, employee relations and external relations
Tourism : principles and practice
TTG. Travel trade gazette. U.K. and Ireland
Information and communication technologies in tourism 2016 : Proceedings of the International Conference in Bilbao, Spain, February 2-5, 2016
Profit planning : for hospitality and tourism
Introduction to management in the hospitality industry. Study guide to accompany
Cultural diversity in hospitality management  : how to improve cultural diversity workforce
Lodging : the management magazine of the American Hotel & Motel Association
CHRIE member directory and resource guide 1998-1999 : a comprehensive listing of educators, industry professionals, institutions, associations, and corporations
Please your guests : a business guide for small hotels, B&Bs, guesthouses & farmhouses
Financial management for hospitality decision makers
Planning and development of tourism and hospitality
Forecasting regional tourist accommodation supply and demand
English texts
Managing technology in the hospitality industry
International journal of hospitality management
High season : English for the hotel and tourism industry : teacher's book
Hospitality marketing : principles and practice
Discusses the radical companies of the new Silicon Valley that are rewriting the rules of business and sidestepping ethical and legal obstacles in the process.
An introduction to revenue management for the hospitality industry : principles and practices for the real world
The Cornell school of hotel administration on hospitality : cutting edge thinking and practice
Dynamic pricing agreements of Norwegian hotels from the corporate accounts perspective
English for international tourism : audio CD. Intermediate
Karen Brown's Italy : charming Bed & Breakfasts
Opportunities in hotel and motel careers
Summary. - Referat.
Dynamic pricing : strategies to grow proftis in the hospitality industry in the 21st century
New directions in hospitality and tourism : annual review of hospitality and tourism trends
Accounting essentials for hospitality managers
Supervision in the hospitality industry
Procurement of hospitality resources
How to found a hostel in Fuengirola, Spain
Managerial accounting for the hospitality industry
Journal of hospitality marketing & management
Human resource management for the hospitality and tourism industries
Hospitality and travel marketing
Services 2020 : competences in the international service society : final report
Organizational behaviour for hospitality management
The travel industry
Housekeeping by design : hotels and labor
The Perfect hope
Providing quality service : what every hospitality service provider needs to know
The hospitality review
"This book is a comprehensive source of information for those interested in tourism and hospitality management, approaches, and trends, and, covers the emerging research topics that will define the future of IT and cultural development in the 21st century"--Provided by publisher.
BTEC First Hospitality
The Perception of employee wellness in the hospitality industry : a survay research among hotel employers in the Black Forest, Germany
Introduction to hospitality
Making it! : in hotels & catering : Finland
Strategic marketing plan for a hotel
Highly recommended : English for the hotel and catering industry : workbook. 1, Pre-intermediate
Foundations of lodging management
SOFTWARE IN TOURISM INDUSTRY : A Study On Emerging New Niches Of Software In Hotel Industry
English for international tourism : audio CD. Pre-intermediate
Sustainability in the hospitality industry : principles of sustainable operations
Information and communication technologies in tourism 2014 : proceedings of the International Conference in Dublin, Ireland, January 21-24, 2014
Target group analysis : strategic segmentation of Tampere Dream Hostel Oy clientele
Accommodation statistics
Leadership and entrepreneurship in the hospitality industry
Marketing of hospitality services
Hospitality research journal : the professional journal of the Council on Hotel, Restaurant, and Institutional Education
A clear understanding of the issues surrounding climate change, global warming, air and water pollution, ozone depletion, deforestation, the loss of biodiversity and global poverty is essential for every manager in the hospitality industry. Present and future hospitality executives need to know how sustainable management systems can be integrated into their businesses while maintaining and hopefully improving the bottom line. "Sustainability in the Hospitality Industry" explores innovative ways to tackle the ever increasing costs of energy and water as well as the moral, ethical, social and political arguments for taking action. This book uses case studies throughout to explore the following key issues: How can hospitality properties and equipment be designed to use less resources? What are the benefits of using more sustainable food and beverage sources? How can environmental impacts be reduced and profitability increased? How can properties integrate sustainability management systems and stay one step ahead of the competition? How can the reputation of a hospitality operation be improved to attract investment by incorporating responsible marketing and corporate social responsibility policies? "Sustainability in the Hospitality Industry" contains stimulating new ideas, solutions, and strategies essential to every student and professional in the hospitality industry. Philip Sloan is from the department of Hospitality Management, International University of Applied Sciences Bad Honnef, Bonn, Germany. Willy Legrand is from the Department of Hospitality Management, International University of Applied Sciences Bad Honnef, Bonn, Germany. Joseph S. Chen is from the department of Recreation, Park and Tourism Studies, Indiana University, Bloomington, USA. It includes: revealing and refreshing ideas for the neglected area of sustainability in hospitality management; presents viable strategies for saving energy and promoting a positive image for hotel managers, restaurant managers and other hospitality providers; demonstrates principles with case studies from industry and chain hotels; and, stimulates new solutions and strategies to tackle the problem of increasing energy costs and to help alleviate pressure from environmental groups.
Information and communication technologies in tourism 2013 : proceedings of the International Conference in Innsbruck, Austria, January 22-25, 2013
The Australian bed and breakfast book : homes, farms, guest houses
Hospitality branding
At your service : 12 elite hoteliers share insights on hospitality and leadership
Leisure in the new millennium : the Barclays and JHIC report produced by the Henley Centre
Class acts : service and inequality in luxury hotels
Tourism & hospitality industry 2004 : new trends in tourism and hospitality management : congress proceedings : 17th Biennial International Congress, 14-16 April, Opatija, Croatija. Vol. 1.
A century of hospitality : American Hotel & Lodging Association : 1910-2010
The competent leader in the Finnish hospitality industry : case: Haaga Institute graduates
American lodging excellence : the key to best practices in the U.S. lodging industry
A common problem in the hospitality industry, perishable products and services, has led hoteliers to seek for new strategies in their pricing. Revenue management is a relatively new science that mixes together different revenue optimizing strategies. Dynamic pricing, a part of revenue management, is a familiar concept in the hotel industry and was presented to buyers about a decade ago. Dynamic pricing is already in use with the published daily rates of hotels, and increasingly with corporate clients. In dynamic pricing, the daily rate follows the demand and it is controlled by a revenue manager or sophisticated automated systems. There are buyers who perceive dynamic pricing as a positive value and others who perceive it as a negative value to their business. The question is how hotels can successfully implement a communication strategy that increases their customers' acceptance towards dynamic pricing.     The purpose of this thesis is to determine the reasons behind the negative perceptions of the corporate customers who rather use static accommodation agreements than agreements based on dynamic pricing. The thesis focuses on buyers who use accommodation services in Norway. This study tries to understand what corporate customers think about the dynamic pricing and how much they know about the topic.     Literature about revenue management and dynamic pricing is scarce. For this reason, the qualitative research method was chosen to support and strengthen the secondary data. The primary data was gathered by interviewing companies in English or Norwegian. The interviews were high-structured, because the author wanted to penetrate the research problem and to find certain patterns in the research sample. The companies were interviewed face-to-face, on telephone or by email.     The results revealed that the buyers are not familiar with dynamic pricing and do not see how they could benefit from it. In general, the customers wanted to continue to use the static corporate agreements and not dynamic pricing. The information they have received from the hotels was mostly in the form of price examples that did not suit their travel profile. Further information and open communication were wished from the suppliers' side. Dynamic pricing was also seen as harmful for the customer relations, even though modern revenue management should be customer-oriented. The companies acknowledged that dynamic pricing is here to stay and they were willing to test it in the form of hybrid agreements if their key destina-tions were not involved.
How to open a financially successful bed & breakfast or small hotel
Environmental sustainability in North European hotel business
Extending hospitality : giving space, taking time
Competence-based innovation in hospitality and tourism
The lifeblood of the village of Ivy Hill is its coaching inn, The Bell. When the innkeeper dies suddenly, his genteel wife, Jane, becomes the reluctant owner. With a large loan due, can Jane and her resentful mother-in-law, Thora, find a way to save the inn—and discover fresh hope for the future?
The international hospitality industry : organizational and operational issues
Knowledge sharing and quality assurance in hospitality and tourism
Hospitality marketing management
Hospitality management education
Scandinavian journal of hospitality and tourism
Hotel investments handbook : 2000
Hospitality financial management
The purpose of this research was to plan and implement a strategic segmentation of the clientele of the commissioning company, Tampere Dream Hostel Oy. The intention was to acquire a thorough understanding of the past and current clientele, analyse and group the population into homogenous within and from each other heterogeneous segments, and to define and determine in terms of strategic and operational objectives the most valuable ones. In the literature review, the most important concepts regarding the segmentation re-search were defined in order to gain a thorough understanding of the topics at hand, after which a theoretical framework was chosen to guide through the process of seg-mentation.  The theoretical framework is primarily based on the theory of Ala-Mutka and Talvela, while being supported by other academic authors. The research was primarily based on quantitative research methods, supplemented by the use of qualitative data collected through interviews. The primary source of data in the research was the secondary data extracted from the online property management software of the commissioning company. The research was conducted with respect to general guidelines of academic study and with the aims of reliable and valid end results. All relevant findings of the processed data, and an overview of the clientele of the hos-tel were described objectively in the findings of this research. Subsequently, the findings were analysed and discussed thoroughly from various points of view, through which the sample population was finally divided into segments that respond to the defined objectives of the study. Furthermore, the resulting segments respond to the strategic and operational objectives of the commissioning company, and thus bring support in financial growth. Therefore, the study can be considered to have been of great value to the consignee, and is considered successful while said objectives were met.
Global hospitality and tourism management technologies
Cornell hospitality quarterly
Strategic Marketing Analysis and Planning for Gloria Palace San Agustin Thalasso and Hotel in Spain
Lodging hospitality
The Perception of Employee Wellness in the Hospitality Industry : A survey research among hotel employers in the Black Forest, Germany
Human resources management in the hospitality industry
Introduction to hospitality. Study guide
Food and beverage management
International hospitality management : corporate strategy in practice
Four Seasons : the story of a business philosophy
Hotel English
Marketing in the hospitality industry
Ecotourism and the community participation
Abstract: Grey Economy in Accommodation and Nutrition Industry.
Managing housekeeping operations
International encyclopedia of hospitality management
English texts 1EG4
Hospitality directions - Europe edition : forecasts & analyses for the hospitality industry
Highly recommended : English for the hotel and catering industry : class CD. 1, Pre-intermediate
Proceedings of the 2011 Conference on Social Media in Hospitality and Tourism / conference co-chairs and proceedings editors: Crotts, J., Magnini, V., and Zehrer, A.
English for the hotel, restaurant and tourist industries
The upstarts : how Uber, Airbnb, and the killer companies of the new Silicon Valley are changing the world
Marketing tourism and hospitality industry. volume II, inbounding and outbounding tourism, ecotourism and hospitality industry
