http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21100 hearing protection
hearing protection
Radio speech communication and workload in military aviation:a human factors perspective
Soldiers are at risk of incurable noise-induced hearing loss (NIHL) in military activities. Therefore the prevention of hearing loss is important. The large variation in individual susceptibility to NIHL is well known but the reason for this is not completely understood.The data of this current comprehensive register-based follow-up study consist of the health records, hearing measuring results and occupational history of 1 941 soldiers. The occurrence and degree of hearing losses among soldiers who served between 1965 and 2007 was investigated by comparing groups formed according to year-class and service branch. An association between cardiovascular risk factors and NIHL was also assessed. Furthermore the efficacy of the hearing conservation measures carried out by the Finnish Defence Forces (FDF) and the Finnish Border Guard (FBG) was evaluated.Noise turned out to be the major risk factor of hearing impairment among the investigated soldiers. The occurrence of NIHL (hearing threshold at 3,4 or 6 kHz >40 dB) was at least around 10 percentages lower among soldiers who started their career in 1990s than in the older year-classes 15 years after the beginning of military career. Concurrently, the decline of the average degree of hearing loss at high tones improved around 20 dB. The occurrence of NIHL was the lowest among pilots, musicians and naval soldiers, and the highest among soldiers in engineering and air defense corps. No clear difference was found between cardiovascular risk factors and NIHL with the exception of hyperglycemia. A clear temporal connection was found between the decline of the occurrence of NIHL among the soldiers and the hearing conservation measures carried out in the late 80s. A review of the four-stage hearing classification used in Finnish occupational health service since the 1970s, as well as the guidelines that rely on them, is needed.
A systems approach to individual hearing conservation
Radio speech communication and workload in military aviation : a human factors perspective
Hearing among Finnish professional soldiers : epidemiological study
Non occupational noise : sources, exposure and effects on hearing
Hitsaus = Welding. Osa 12, Hitsauksen työturvallisuus = Health and safety in welding
Hearing conservation among classical musicians : needs, means, and attitudes
Hearing conservation among among classical musicians : needs, means and attitudes
