http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2112 happening
happening
Art tribes
Experimental environment : Köbenhavn i 1980 / publisher: Arbejdsgruppen for Experimental Environment
The tourist experience
Allan Kaprow : art as life / edited by Eva Meyer-Hermann, Andrew Perchuk and Stephanie Rosenthal
Art of the cutting edge : a guide to contemporary movements / Lea Vergine
Samling Block : Hovet gennem muren = Sammlung Block : Mit dem Kopf durch die Wand = Collection Block : Head through the wall : Statens Museum for Kunst (Kóbenhavn) 7. maj - 30. august 1992, Museet för nutidskunst (Helsingfors) 30. oktober 1992 - 3. januar / [udstillingens tilrettelæggelse og redaktion af katalog = Gesamtorganisation von Austellung und Katalog = organization of the exhibition and edition of the catalogue: Elisabeth Delin Hansen, René Block ; katalogfortegnelse, biografier, bibliografi = Verze
Contemporary musicians : profiles of the people in music. Volume 28 : includes cumulative indexes
The art of participation : 1950 to now
Fluxus codex / Jon Hendricks ; with an introduction by Robert Pincus-Witten
Performance art : from futurism to the present
The right to dwell : the politics of mass engaging aesthetic interventions in public space in the wake of the corporeal turn and how they challenge our conception of event analysis in the beginning 21st century
Performing archives/archives of performance
Assemblage, environments and happenings
Performance : live art since the 60s
A primer of happenings & time/space art
In the spirit of Fluxus
Pomarańczowa alternatywa - happeningiem w komunizm : Happening against communism by the Orange alternative
Art action, 1958-1998
Festival and special event management
Language aLive. One
Spencer Tunick in Newcastle Gateshead 17 July 2005
Art on the cutting edge : a guide to contemporary movements
Happening : event as art
Happenings and other acts / edited by Mariellen R. Sandford
Happenings and other acts
Hovedet gennem muren = Pää läpi seinän = Head through the wall
Critical mass : happenings, Fluxus, performance, intermedia, and Rutgers University 1958-1972
Everywhere and all at once : an anthology of writings on Performa 07
The twentieth-century performance reader
Language aLive. Two
Happenings : an illustrated anthology
It was a musical revolution that happened in the midst of Reagan's 80s: a small but sprawling network of bands, labels, fanzines, radio stations and other subversives who re-shaped and re-energized American rock music with punk rock's revolutionary do-it-yourself credo. The music that resulted was deeply personal, always challenging and immensely influential. This book traces the arc of the American indie underground in the 1980s, from obscure beginnings to the point a decade later when the mainstream sat up and took notice. Beginning with the pioneering and notorious punk band, Black Flag, the story continues with the Minutemen, Mission of Burma, Minor Threat, Husker Du, the Replacements, Sonic Youth, Butthole Surfers, Big Black, Dinosaur Jr, Fugazi, Mudhoney and Beat Happening, among others. Without major label support, these bands depended on resourcefulness, creativity and an all-powerful sense of community.
Childsplay : the art of Allan Kaprow / Jeff Kelley ; with a foreword by David Antin
Our band could be your life : scenes from the American indie underground 1981-1991
Svensk fluxus = Swedish fluxus
Body art : performing the subject
Allan Kaprow : art as life
The dream of Fluxus : George Maciunas : an artist's biography
In the spirit of Fluxus : [ Walker Art Center, Minneapolis, MN, February 14-June 6, 1993] / [ed. by Janet Jenkins]
The visual arts from 1960 to the 1990s (Independent Finland)
Thorvaldur Thorsteinsson : 6 works 1990-1995
Aeg room liikumine : Eesti Tegevuskunsti Festival Paides, 14. - 15. juunil 1997 = Time space movement, Estonian Art Festival in Paide, June 14th and 15th, 1997
eSense of connection
Oxford art journal : on installation
Works : 1958.1979
Tampere Jazz Happening
Art and feminism
Dialogical conversations on power abuse in couples treatment for intimate partner violence : a qualitative analysis of positions and dominance used in conversations
5 - the dish
The visual arts from 1960 to the 1990s (Independent Finland) / Bengt von Bonsdorff
Otwarcia / Zamkniecia : wybrane dzialania w sztuce lat 1960 - 1987 : Muzeum Narodowe w Warszawie, maj - sierpien 1988 = On / over : selected actions in the art of 1960 - 1987 : National Museum in Warsaw, May - August 1988 / Katalog opracowata Dorota Folga
Essays on the blurring of art and life
Art tribes / Achille Bonito Oliva
Assemblage, environments & happenings : with a selection of scenarios by: 9 Japanese of the Gutai Group, Jean-Jacques Lebel, Wolf Vostell, George Brecht, Kenneth Dewey, Milan Knizak, Allan Kaprow / text and design by Allan Kaprow
The Fluxus reader
Social-specificity in practice
The Cambridge companion to performance studies
Suits : the clothes make the man : the art guys with Todd Oldham d with essays by Dave Hickey and Sheila Dewan
Essays on the blurring of art and life / Allan Kaprow ; edited by Jeff Kelley
