http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21190 service design
service design
The role of object in service design
"Are we even talking about the same thing?" : creating shared understanding in interdiciplinary service design teams by measuring and visualising team mental models
Everyday practice of food consuming : a case study on a web based supply service
Service Design for Architect Clients: Turning Architect Daily Challenges  Into a New Service
Foundations of service science a aragmatic approach
10 service design basic cards
Better together : strategic use of design to enhance customer experience : case study of TeliaSonera Finland
Value co-creation through service portfolio designing in wellness industry : case Wasa Wellness
Information flows in customer-oriented service development process
Defining customer experience in four star hotels in Finland and in Russia
Developing a New Service for Micro Enterprises in Co-Creation with Customers Using Service Design
New ICT Supply Process, Interfaces between Supply Process and Project Management Process in ITIL Service Design Framework
Service Design in the Public Sector: Role, Challenge and Good Practice
Ideadeck : service design
Service design approach to strategic network management
Design transitions
Navigating in the world of services
Service design : practical access to an evolving field
Designing game services
Customer innovation : customer-centric strategy for enduring growth
Service design by industrial designers
Introducing a New Business Model : Die Storage Service for Purso Oy
Designing service for a personnel agency in the social and health care sector
This is service design thinking : Basics -  tools - cases
Touchpoint : the journal of service design
Engagement of employees to internal service development : Case: Development of the contract management tool
Humour is present in our everyday life, as well as in companies'  boardrooms, but it could be used more strategically in business innovation. Although there is an ample amount of research on humour in advertising, and there is increasing interest in emotions in business research, there is a gap in how to use humour in order to advance business innovation: creating new products and services. Service design thinking processes offer an opportunity to study humour in innovation workshops. The present paper discusses how humour could be studied in service design workshops of nine companies involved in a Tekes-funded humour-related research project in 2016. The purpose of the paper is to suggest a research framework in order to get more understanding of the role of humour in service design processes, particularly in workshops and their outcomes. The main research question is whether humour advances the process and the outcome of service design workshops and if yes, how. Humour and playfulness will be defined, and how to measure them discussed. The paper will accomplish the following: firstly, theoretical foundations are laid for humour, playfulness, humour in group work and humour in workshops'  outcomes. Secondly, we propose a research agenda for empirical studies. Expected results from the empirical studies will provide new insight into the importance of humour in service design workshop processes and outcomes. The contribution of the present paper will be twofold: theoretical – a research framework for analysing humour in service design processes (process and outcome) and managerial – how humour can be used to improve the service design workshops in companies, e.g. to improve the quality of the process, as well as the results. We are particularly interested in the possibility of integrating humour in business models and value propositions of companies and the present paper may contribute to this aim.
Value co-creation approach in B2B-service
The effect of media convergence on advertising and media agencies’ service offering
Designing for service : key issues and new directions
The voices of the users : how technology can help in co-innovation
Utilization of Service Design in Tourism : Mobile Ethnographic Research in a Ski Resort
Co-design, tools & methods
The current state of customer experience and service process design : case company X
The purpose of the paper is to gain understanding of creating and tangibilizing a networked business  model of five public research laboratories. They are providing materials' imaging and analysis  services as a Network to assist growth-oriented high-tech SMEs in their product development. An EUfunded  project is used as a case to demonstrate the challenges and opportunities of using service  design thinking tools and principles in a b2b context. These tools proved useful in tangibilizing the  networked business model for the service providers. They were also useful in creating the content and  structure for the Network website, where appropriate strategies tangibilize the services for customers.
Service Design Implementation. :  Case: Kotoka International Airport-Ghana
Service design tool : simple steps to win, insights and opportunities for maxing out success
Usable usability : simple steps for making stuff better
Applying Business Model Canvas with Service-Dominant Logic for Child Sponsorship
Tools and methods for technology - aided prototyping of user experience : SINCO environment as a pilot
Development of public Sauna in Finland and Germany: Analysis of the diversification driven by user needs, functional requirements and cultural demands
Services marketing : an interactive approach
Service-dominant logic in the spatial design of a school : spatial concept for school as a service project in Espoo
Characteristics of value co-creation in a learning environment by service design and service-dominant frameworks
Employer Brand and Great Place to Work as Perceived by Generation Y Employees - Case Ravintolakolmio-ryhmä
Design for localization in India : Experiences and practices of nine Finnish SMEs
Design and wicked problems in the Rural Arctic
Finnish design yearbook 2014-2015
Forest and Well-Being Services for Tourists : Case:Nuuksio
Customer satisfaction development research : comparison of the customer feedback success factors of Sixt Finland and Sixt Sweden
Developing Me2we Finland Ltd.’s platform through service design
Developing a Framework for the Implementation and Development of a Digital Customer interface for the Case Company X.
Space and collections earning their keep : transformation, technologies, retooling
The Secret Recipe for Future Supply Chains – The Silent Voice of the Customer : Case: Freight Forwarding Company X
Dimensions of perceived pleasure in tourism services
This is service design thinking : basics, tools, cases
Empathy maps : stand in your customer’s shoes : comprehensive step-by-step guide
Designing publics
Design science research in information systems : advances in theory and practice : 7th international conference, DESRIST 2012, Las Vegas, NV, USA, May 14-15, 2012. Proceedings / Editors: Ken Peffers, Marcus Rothenberger, Bill Kuechler
Tangibilizing the service concept of the nordic network of applied imaging  and analysis
Defining new directions for user experience design
Visual Eye Tracking Data as Medium in User Dialogue - Service Design’s Perspective
Design to feed the world : 100 projects 50 schools 5 topics
Designing ICT based services for intellectually disabled people
Experience Exchange : a guide to the Lahti Institute of Design and Fine Arts for the Exchange Students
Developing international services of Tampere Chamber and Commerce by using the method of productization
Realizing design thinking through a service design process and an innovative prototyping laboratory : introducing Service Innovation Corner (SINCO)
Design, user experience, and usability: design discourse/ part 1
Implementing a green philosophy in hotel lobbies, Finland
Perceived success factors supporting the integration of service design into brand building work
Service design as a tool to optimize catering services: Case Gustav Paulig Ltd
Methods of mayhem : using role-playing games as a framework for co-design
The Saue manor-house : finding new programs
X : The Experience When Business Meets Design
Innovating for people : handbook of human-centered design methods
Improving service development through co-creation with internal users
Woo, wow, and win : service design, strategy, and the art of customer delight
Service blueprints : the tool for service innovation : comprehensive step-by-step guide
The use of digital services today has become more and more common. There is a huge amount of information available about products, services and companies for consumers and thus they have become more critical towards information they are offered. Understanding customer need has become more essential when companies have begun to invest in online services. When companies start to put effort on improving online services, their functionality, navigation and information output, customers can have more complete service experience. Me2we Finland Ltd. focuses on project management through crowdsourcing and is the case company in this thesis. The purpose of this thesis was to illustrate Me2we Finland Ltd.’s customer service path and bring out critical points from student-customer perspective by using service design methods. The service path in this context means the steps the customer makes during the service experience, covering the entire process. The use of digital services has become a big part of service industry and it is used in this thesis as a way of utilizing the web site. The platform is used as the only option for customer service in the service process. Customer journey and customer perspective was visualized by utilizing service design methods, such as customer journey and service blueprint and value proposition. Alongside of these methods, business model canvas was used to finding out case company’s current status. The methods used created a description of steps the customer takes while using the service. These steps were arranged through touchpoints, which include the interaction between the customer, platform and company. A workshop was organized for going through the customer journey with potential customers and for clarifying their viewpoint. This thesis followed a five-stage service design process and involved customer viewpoint in order to improve platform’s usage. It can be concluded that describing the digital service path and adding company’s processes enable presenting the path visually and its critical steps in an easy format. Customer participation in the development process was involved through a workshop, then analyzed by observing. The service phases can be presented internally in the company to evaluate and improve the phases to incorporate them as a visible part of company operations. Service design basically enables customer to have more information available and thus might reduce the need for customization and personal guidance of service. The researcher realized that every touchpoint of the service path has risks. Customer journey and service blueprint revealed few critical points that effect on the success of the whole service process.
Handbook of service science
Service design for business : a practical guide to optimizing the customer experience
Successful Service Development in  the Public Sector: a Case study of a Service Design  Project Carried out in Short-Term Care  Services in the Town of Turku
Service Design Outcomes in Finnish Book Industry : From Transition to Transformation
Development of Service Quality Rating Through Design Thinking and Innovation Metrics
Co-created Corporate Story : Creating a Concept for Engaging Staff into Change Implementation
Service design tools : communication methods that support design processes
Service systems implementation
Service design project for Ikea Finland
Humour Matters in Service Design Workshops
Concept Design for a Fitness Center
Blended Service Design Approach in Designing a Wiki Portal for Open Collaboration
An anthropology of services : toward a practice approach to designing services
For profit, for good : developing organizations through service design
Crafting business model value propositions in servitization
Creating Customer Focused Service Descriptions
Co-learning service design within the PALI project
Service design : innovative used car sales
Design for services
Service co-production facilitation
A Study of User Experience: Aesthetic, Tangible User Interface Concepts in the Context of Adaptive Hotel Room
Distance is not a barrier to health : welfare technology makes life easier
Service design : on the evolution of design expertise
Organisational purchasing of service design : agency and client perspectives
Touchpoint: the journal of service design
Redesigning Futurice : introducing service design into an agile software contractor
Practical methods of user involvement in the service innovation process based on user motivation : conducted in conjunction with the FUAS "Virtual Campus" E-learning project
Design thinking : pocket guide
Lean startup approach for innovative corporate culture
Practices and principles in service design : stakeholders, knowledge and community of service
Service Design and Delivery : How Design Thinking Can Innovate Business and Add Value to Society
Serviceology for designing the future : selected and edited papers of the 2nd International Conference on Serviceology
Design for policy
A study of touchpoints adaptability at Helsinki airport: from customer experience perspective
Businesses have a responsibility to conform to continuously tightened environmental laws and regulations as well as deliver more ecological products and services to an environmentally conscious target market. As the hotel lobby serves as the first on-site experience to a customer entering a hotel, the thesis scope on implementing a green philosophy was narrowed to this area. Focus was on the functional tangible elements of the lobby's service design. In order to investigate and answer the research question: 'how should green philosophy be implemented in hotel lobbies', hotels which had been granted the Swan label by SFS Ecolabelling were chosen as the population of the research. These hotels readily implemented environmental criteria to reduce their impact on the environment and perhaps could serve an example of the thesis topic.     The research population was located in Helsinki metropolitan area of Finland. The research was carried out in two parts. A questionnaire was made by using a web based program for collection of more detailed data on products and equipment used in lobby premises. The main research was the observational research done on-site in the hotel lobbies of population which had agreed on the visit. For this part of the research photographs were taken of the tangible elements which reflected, or did not reflect ecological values. Most of the research was qualitative but the quantitative nature of the research questionnaire could not be overlooked and therefore also included a small quantitative element. Factors of research were mostly based on Swan label criteria relevant to hotel lobbies.    Results indicated that hotel lobbies have not been given much attention in fulfilling environmental criteria and implementing a green philosophy had room for improvement. A GREENBOOK check-list was written into the appendix to give guidance to management in implementing a green philosophy in the hotel lobbies. Several factors must be considered in developing more ecological lobbies including recycling, energy- and water-consumption as well as ergonomics. Service flow and safety are not to be forgotten. The scope of the thesis could have covered developing an entire hotel, but would have been overwhelmingly broad as a thesis topic. Ideas which derived for further research can be examined in the concluding chapters.
Creating an ideal customer path using service design : Case Pharmacy Isokannel
Developing Me2we Finland Ltd.'s platform through service design
Storied design : narrative matters in design presentation
Arctic design : opening the discussion
Design and wicked problems in the rural Arctic
Storytelling for user experience : crafting stories for better design
Century of the child ; Nordic design for children 1900 to today
Managers as designers in the public services : beyond technomagic
Service design in the age of collaboration : a case study on customization of mobile phone content
This is service design thinking : basics - tools - cases
The social design of technical systems : building technologies for communities
Designing a Digital Service Concept for a Professional Business Service - Case Työeläkelakipalvelu
Services marketing : concepts, planning and implementation
The best of both worlds : designing a seamless integration of the in-store and digital retail experience
New Commuting Experience
Designing a Construction Service Using Service Design : Case Study: Sealing Solutions
Innovating professional services : transforming value and efficiency
Design works : how to tackle your toughest innovation challenges through business design
Tourist experience co-creation and management
Journey maps : the tool for design innovation : comprehensive step-by-step guide
Servitize, design and co-create values through social media
This research focused in comparing the received customer feedback of the worldwide operating Sixt Rent a Car in the franchise countries Finland and Sweden. Objective of the thesis was to find out the differences in the success factors between the two neighbouring markets, discovering points of development in for customer satisfaction. The main research method was quantitative desktop study on the received customer feedback for observation period of one year. The main research was reinforced by qualitative research into the received verbal feedback commentary and by expert interviews with the management personnel of Sixt Finland and Sixt Sweden. The development suggestions are intersection of the research findings and the theoretical framework addressing service management, customer behaviour, customer satisfaction and the concepts of customer journey mapping and quality perception. Factual market differences between the countries concerning car rental industry were also addressed to ensure the validity and relevance of the study. Main findings of the research revealed that for the observation period, the overall received customer feedback was slightly better in favour of Sixt Sweden. Main reasons covered in the conclusions include differing organizational structures, difference in the vehicle fleet composition and cultural differences between the countries and organizations. Relating to the market size of the countries, also the business volumes can be seen as one factor affecting customer feedback. The development suggestions introduced are centred on the importance of customer-based thinking. Various themes e.g. customer service situations, communication, vehicles, premises and attitudes of the customer service personnel are covered in the development draft.
A market analysis of single-house renovation services in Finland : a customer-oriented service and business development
Service design as an approach for recognizing blue ocean
Advances in the human side of service engineering
Elimination of doubt : methods for a predictive design to direct and optimize the flow of visitors
Functional differential equations and approximation of fixed points : proceedings, Bonn, 1978
Service design for Chinese restaurant management in Finland
In "Design for Services", Anna Meroni and Daniela Sangiorgi articulate what Design is doing and can do for services, and how this connects to existing fields of knowledge and practice. Designers previously saw their task as the conceptualisation, development and production of tangible objects. In the twenty-first century, a designer rarely 'designs something' but rather 'designs for something': in the case of this publication, for change, better experiences and better services. The authors reflect on this recent transformation in the practice, role and skills of designers, by organising their book into three main sections. The first section links "Design for Services" to existing models and studies on services and service innovation. Section two presents multiple service design projects to illustrate and clarify the issues, practices and theories that characterise the discipline today; using these case studies the authors propose a conceptual framework that maps and describes the role of designers in the service economy. The final section projects the discipline into the emerging paradigms of a new economy to initiate a reflection on its future development.
Service design in social robotics: Involving elderly care professionals into co-creation
