http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21187 game research
game research
Critical elements underpinning the emergence of the medical game ecosystem : gamifying traumatic brain injury rehabilitation in Finland
The game of the urban futures : what it takes to play in the network society?
Larp politics : systems, theory, and gender in action
Game research methods : an overview
Playing with an attitude : creating a method for analysing the cognitive relationships between players and computer games
The player's game : towards understanding player production among computer game culture
Video game design : principles and practices from the ground up
Humour in video games : play, comedy and mischief
Pervasive games : theory and design
Unscrambling the "average user" of Habbo Hotel
Players unleashed! : modding The Sims and the culture of gaming
Digital games and learning : research and theory
CSI : crime scene investigation : deadly intent : Xbox 360, Xbox live
From Elvish to Klingon : exploring invented languages
Twisty little passages : an approach to interactive fiction
Gender, identity and representation in video games : an elective discourse-oriented course for Finnish EFL upper secondary school students
Making virtual worlds : Linden Lab and Second Life
Gamer theory
Knowledge creation in Oulu Game LAB
Gender inclusive game design : expanding the market
Playing horror : narrative and genre in Valve's Left 4 Dead Series
The art of game design : a book of lenses
The hunger games and philosophy : a critique of pure treason
In life, uncertainty surrounds us. Things that we thought were good for us turn out to be bad for us (and vice versa); people we thought we knew well behave in mysterious ways; the stock market takes a nosedive. Thanks to an inexplicable optimism, most of the time we are fairly cheerful about it all. But we do devote much effort to managing and ameliorating uncertainty. Is it any wonder, then, asks Greg Costikyan, that we have taken this aspect of our lives and transformed it culturally, making a series of elaborate constructs that subject us to uncertainty but in a fictive and nonthreatening way? That is: we create games. In this concise and entertaining book Costikyan argues that games require uncertainty to hold our interest, and that the struggle to master uncertainty is central to their appeal. Game designers, he suggests, can harness the idea of uncertainty to guide their work. Costikyan explores the many sources of uncertainty in many sorts of games -- from Super Mario Bros. to Rock/Paper/Scissors, from Monopoly to CityVille, from FPS Deathmatch play to Chess. He describes types of uncertainty, including performative uncertainty, analytic complexity, and narrative anticipation. And he suggest ways that game designers who want to craft novel game experiences can use an understanding of game uncertainty in its many forms to improve their designs.
"Analyzes paratextual board games--particularly games based on film, television, and books--as unique media texts"--
CSI: crime scene investigation : deadly intent : Wii
The play versus story divide in game studies : critical essays
Psychologically-based and content-oriented experience in entertainment virtual environments
Disposition matrix : the design and development process of a critical war game
Gender and sexuality in online game cultures : passionate play
"Game studies is a rapidly developing field across the world, with a growing number of dedicated courses addressing video games and digital play as significant phenomena in contemporary everyday life and media cultures. Seth Giddings looks to fill a gap by focusing on the relationship between the actual and virtual worlds of play in everyday life. He addresses both the continuities and differences between digital play and longer-established modes of play. The 'gameworlds' title indicates both the virtual world designed into the videogame and the wider environments in which play is manifested: social relationships between players; hardware and software; between the virtual worlds of the game and the media universes they extend (e.g. Poke;mon, Harry Potter, Lego, Star Wars); and the gameworlds generated by children's imaginations and creativity (through talk and role-play, drawings and outdoor play). The gameworld raises questions about who, and what, is in play. Drawing on recent theoretical work in science and technology studies, games studies and new media studies, a key theme is the material and embodied character of these gameworlds and their components (players' bodies, computer hardware, toys, virtual physics, and the physical environment). Building on detailed small-scale ethnographic case studies, Gameworlds is the first book to explore the nature of play in the virtual worlds of video games and how this play relates to, and crosses over into, everyday play in the actual world"
The gameplay function of text and its effect on localization : a case study of Spore
Mediating the immediate : endogenous meanings and simulated narratives in ludic spaces
Players Unleashed! Modding The Sims and the Culture of Gaming
Marketing analytics for Free-to-Play Games
"The sixteen essays in this collection offer critical examinations of the issue of control in video games, including different ways to theorize and define control within video gaming and how control impacts game design and game play. Close readings of specific games consider how each locates elements of control in their structures"--Provided by publisher.
Congestion and crowding games
Systemic perspectives on information in physically performed role-play
Video game policy : production, distribution, and consumption
Character-driven game design : a design approach and its foundations in character engagement
Virtual worlds apart : a comparative study on digital games in Japan and the west
The pleasures of computer gaming : essays on cultural history, theory and aesthetics
Beyond game design : nine steps toward creating better videogames
Finnish summary.
"The number of publications dealing with video game studies has exploded over the course of the last decade, but the field has not yet produced a comprehensive reference work. The Routledge Companion to Video Game Studies, by well-known video game scholars Mark Wolf and Bernard Perron, aims to address the on-going theoretical and methodological development of game studies, providing students, scholars, and game designers with a definitive look at contemporary video game studies. Features include: -comprehensive and interdisciplinary models and approaches for analyzing video games; -new perspectives on video games both as art form and cultural phenomenon; -explorations of technical and creative dimensions of video games; -accounts of the economical, political, social, and cultural dynamics of video games"--
My life as a night elf priest : an anthropological account of World of warcraft
Characteristics of games
Computer games for learning : an evidence-based approach
The ethics of computer games
Children's media barometer 2010 : the use of media among 0-8-year-olds in Finland : an English summary of the original Finnish report
Ring bearers : the Lord of the Rings online as intertextual narrative
Playing with virtuality : theories and methods of computer game studies
Games as services : final report
In this paper we study how knowledge creation is used in game education. We examine the model and learning from the perspective of knowledge and knowledge creation. Based on literature review different aspects related to knowledge creation are identified and the Oulu Game LAB is then evaluated in relation to these aspects. Overall, the model seems to offer great support for knowledge creation. In addition to supporting learning the model offers the students good understanding of entrepreneurial thinking. The main challenges for the model are to find suitable place and quality coaches. As a future research more studies are needed to study the LAB-model in other industries besides games.
Playing with the past : digital games and the simulation of history
Toward a ludic architecture : the space of play and games
In this timely new book, Christopher Paul analyzes how the words we use to talk about video games and the structures that are produced within games shape a particular way of gaming by focusing on how games create meaning, lead to identification and division, persuade, and circulate ideas. Paul examines the broader social discourse about gaming, including: the way players are socialized into games; the impact of the lingering association of video games as kid's toys; the dynamics within specific games (including Grand Theft Auto and EA Sports Games); and the ways in which players participate in shaping the discourse of games, demonstrated through examples like the reward system of World of Warcraft and the development of theorycraft. Overall, this book illustrates how video games are shaped by words, design and play; all of which are negotiated, ongoing practices among the designers, players, and society that construct the discourse of video games.
We may think of video games as being fun, but in The Art of Failure, Jesper Juul claims that this is almost entirely mistaken. When we play video games, our facial expressions are rarely those of happiness or bliss. Instead, we frown, grimace, and shout in frustration as we lose, or die, or fail to advance to the next level. Humans may have a fundamental desire to succeed and feel competent, but game players choose to engage in an activity in which they are nearly certain to fail and feel incompetent. So why do we play video games even though they make us unhappy? Juul examines this paradox. In video games, as in tragic works of art, literature, theater, and cinema, it seems that we want to experience unpleasantness even if we also dislike it. Reader or audience reaction to tragedy is often explained as catharsis, as a purging of negative emotions. But, Juul points out, this doesn't seem to be the case for video game players. Games do not purge us of unpleasant emotions; they produce them in the first place. What, then, does failure in video game playing do? Juul argues that failure in a game is unique in that when you fail in a game, you (not a character) are in some way inadequate. Yet games also motivate us to play more, in order to escape that inadequacy, and the feeling of escaping failure (often by improving skills) is a central enjoyment of games. Games, writes Juul, are the art of failure: the singular art form that sets us up for failure and allows us to experience it and experiment with it. The Art of Failure is essential reading for anyone interested in video games, whether as entertainment, art, or education.
Emotion and social context in a digital game experience
Ludoliteracy : defining, understanding and supporting games education
Gameworlds : virtual media and children's everyday play
Independent games : what they are and are they different
Coin-operated Americans : rebooting boyhood at the video game arcade
"Video gaming: it's a boy's world, right? That's what the industry wants us to think. Why and how we came to comply are what Carly A. Kocurek investigates in this provocative consideration of how an industry's craving for respectability hooked up with cultural narratives about technology, masculinity, and youth at the video arcade.From the dawn of the golden age of video games with the launch of Atari's Pong in 1972, through the industry-wide crash of 1983, to the recent nostalgia-bathed revival of the arcade, Coin-Operated Americans explores the development and implications of the "video gamer" as a cultural identity. This cultural-historical journey takes us to the Twin Galaxies arcade in Ottumwa, Iowa, for a close look at the origins of competitive gaming. It immerses us in video gaming's first moral panic, generated by Exidy's Death Race (1976), an unlicensed adaptation of the film Death Race 2000. And it ventures into the realm of video game films such as Tron and WarGames, in which gamers become brilliant, boyish heroes.Whether conducting a phenomenological tour of a classic arcade or evaluating attempts, then and now, to regulate or eradicate arcades and coin-op video games, Kocurek does more than document the rise and fall of a now-booming industry. Drawing on newspapers, interviews, oral history, films, and television, she examines the factors and incidents that contributed to the widespread view of video gaming as an enclave for young men and boys.A case study of this once emergent and now revived medium became the presumed enclave of boys and young men, Coin-Operated Americans is history that holds valuable lessons for contemporary culture as we struggle to address pervasive sexism in the domain of video games--and in the digital working world beyond. "--
Introduction to game analysis
Persuasive games : the expressive power of videogames
The game educator's handbook : revised international edition
"How do gender and sexuality come to matter in online game cultures? Why is it important to explore "straight" versus "queer" contexts of play? And what does it mean to play together with others over time, as co-players and researchers? Gender and Sexuality in Online Game Cultures is a book about female players and their passionate encounters with the online game World of Warcraft and its player cultures. It takes seriously women's passions in games, and as such draws attention to questions of pleasure in and desire for technology. The authors use a unique approach of what they term a "twin ethnography" that develops two parallel stories. Sveningsson studies "straight" game culture, and makes explicit that which is of the norm by exploring the experiences of female gamers in a male-dominated gaming context. Sundâen investigates "queer" game culture through the queer potentials of mainstream World of Warcraft culture, as well as through the case of a guild explicitly defined as LGBT.Academic research on game culture is flourishing, yet feminist accounts of gender and sexuality in games are still in the making. Drawing on feminist notions of performance, performativity and positionality, as well as the recent turn to affect and phenomenology within cultural theory, the authors develop queer, feminist studies of online player cultures in ways that are situated and embodied"--
Bigger deal : a year inside the poker boom
Real-time hermeneutics : meaning-making in ludonarrative digital games
Market Analysis on Virtual Reality Games in Finland : Case Vivendi
The ecology of games : connecting youth, games, and learning
Executable formal specifications in game development : design, validation and evolution
Understanding video games : the essential introduction
Conceptual design methods for game sound
The magic circle : principles of gaming & simulation
Playfulness, play, and games : a constructionist ludology approach
"Game analysis allows us to understand games better, providing insight into the player-game relationship, the construction of the game, and its sociocultural relevance. As the field of game studies grows, videogame writing is evolving from the mere evaluation of gameplay, graphics, sound, and replayablity, to more reflective writing that manages to convey the complexity of a game and the way it is played in a cultural context. Introduction to Game Analysis serves as an accessible guide to analyzing games using strategies borrowed from textual analysis. Clara Fernández-Vara's concise primer provides instruction on the basic building blocks of game analysis--examination of context, content and reception, and formal qualities--as well as the vocabulary necessary for talking about videogames' distinguishing characteristics. Examples are drawn from a range of games, both digital and non-digital--from Bioshock and World of Warcraft to Monopoly--and the book provides a variety of exercises and sample analyses, as well as a comprehensive ludography and glossary"--
Travels in cybertextuality : the challenge of ergodic literature and ludology to literary theory
On the edge of the magic circle : understanding role-playing and pervasive games
Conflict
Game sound : an introduction to the history, theory, and practice of video game music and sound design
Serious games : mechanisms and effects
Study of Zumba game playing experience, related to previous knowledge of Zumba
The Army Game Project : creating an artefact of war
Online and face-to-face role-play simulations in promoting social work students  argumentative problem-solving
Children's media barometer 2011 : media use among 7-11-year-old children and their experiences on media education : an english summary of the original Finnish report
Female Characters in Video Games : Representation and Character Types
Ctrl-alt-play : essays on control in video gaming
Game on! : gaming at the library
Creating critical gameplay : designing affective player experiences
Gaming globally : production, play, and place
Video games as new tools for political persuasion : web games of the Estonian Centre Party
The limits of fantasy : a comparative study of the representations of gender, ethnicity and class in the console fantasy role-playing games Lost Odyssey and Final Fantasy XIII
"Game Studies is a rapidly growing area of contemporary scholarship, yet volumes in the area have tended to focus on more general issues. With Playing with the Past, game studies is taken to the next level by offering a specific and detailed analysis of one area of digital game play -- the representation of history. The collection focuses on the ways in which gamers engage with, play with, recreate, subvert, reverse and direct the historical past, and what effect this has on the ways in which we go about constructing the present or imagining a future. What can World War Two strategy games teach us about the reality of this complex and multifaceted period? Do the possibilities of playing with the past change the way we understand history? If we embody a colonialist's perspective to conquer 'primitive' tribes in Colonization, does this privilege a distinct way of viewing history as benevolent intervention over imperialist expansion? The fusion of these two fields allows the editors to pose new questions about the ways in which gamers interact with their game worlds. Drawing these threads together, the collection concludes by asking whether digital games - which represent history or historical change - alter the way we, today, understand history itself"--
Video game narrative and criticism : playing the story
The proteus paradox : how online games and virtual worlds change us-and how they don't
Art, games and sensors harnessed to enhance well-being
"Proteus, the mythical sea god who could alter his appearance at will, embodies one of the promises of online games: the ability to reinvent oneself. Yet inhabitants of virtual worlds rarely achieve this liberty, game researcher Nick Yee contends. Though online games evoke freedom and escapism, Yee shows that virtual spaces perpetuate social norms and stereotypes from the offline world, transform play into labor, and inspire racial scapegoating and superstitious thinking. And the change that does occur is often out of our control and effected by unparalleled--but rarely recognized--tools for controlling what players think and how they behave. Using player surveys, psychological experiments, and in-game data, Yee breaks down misconceptions about who plays fantasy games and the extent to which the online and offline worlds operate separately. With a wealth of entertaining and provocative examples, he explains what virtual worlds are about and why they matter, not only for entertainment but also for business and education. He uses gaming as a lens through which to examine the pressing question of what it means to be human in a digital world. His thought-provoking book is an invitation to think more deeply about virtual worlds and what they reveal to us about ourselves. "--
Uncertainty in games
The Routledge companion to video game studies
Video Game Design is a visual introduction to integrating core design essentials, such as critical analysis, mechanics and aesthetics, prototyping, level design, into game design.
Video games are inherently transnational by virtue of its industrial, textual, and player practices. This collection includes essays from scholars from seven countries analyzing game cultures on macro- and micro-levels and investigates the growing transnational nature of digital play.
Games without frontiers : theories and methods for game studies and design
Playful identities : the ludification of digital media cultures
""The Art of Game Design: A Book of Lenses" shows that the same basic principles of psychology that work for board games, card games and athletic games also are the keys to making top-quality video games. Good game design happens when you view your game from many different perspectives, or lenses. While touring through the unusual territory that is game design, this book gives the reader one hundred of these lenses - one hundred sets of insightful questions to ask yourself that will help make your game better. These lenses are gathered from fields as diverse as psychology, architecture, music, visual design, film, software engineering, theme park design, mathematics, writing, puzzle design, and anthropology. Anyone who reads this book will be inspired to become a better game designer - and will understand how to do it"--Resource description page.
Larp realia : analysis, design, and discussions of Nordic larp
Studying the field of game studies : a proposal model to categorize game studies
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
Wordplay and the discourse of video games : analyzing words, design, and play
Defining Role-Playing Games as Language-Games
Leet Noobs : the life and death of an expert player group in World of Warcraft
The art of failure : an essay on the pain of playing video games
Computer games and new media cultures : a handbook of digital games studies
Game play : paratextuality in contemporary board games
Video game spaces : image, play, and structure in 3D game worlds
