http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21128 genealogists
genealogists
A woman's guide to doctoral studies
Multidisciplinary Latin American Studies : Festschrift in Honor of Martti Pärssinen
Feminist film theorists : Laura Mulvey, Kaja Silverman, Teresa de Lauretis, Barbara Creed
Women in academia and equality law : aiming high - falling short? : Denmark, France, Germany, Hungary, Italy, The Netherlands, Sweden, United Kingdom
Focusing on the ground-breaking work of Laura Mulvey, Kaja Silverman, Teresa de Lauretis and Barbara Creed, this book explores how, since it began in the 1970s, feminist film theory has revolutionized the way that films and their spectators can be understood. Examining the new and distinctive approaches of each of these thinkers, this book provides the most detailed account so far of their ideas. Testing their ideas with a number of other examples from contemporary cinema and TV, Shohini Chaudhuri shows how these four thinkers construct their theories through their reading of films.
Gender issues in field research
The Blackwell guide to literary theory
Women in science : a social and cultural history
Folklore and feminism
Changing gendered practices : a PAR project within an academic work community
A history both finnish and european : history and the culture of historical writing in Finland during the imperial period
Doing the ideal academic : gender, excellence and changing academia
Research-based teacher education in Finland : reflections by Finnish teacher educators
The gender and science reader
Can two scientists work and live together? Marie and Pierre Curie proved that it was indeed possible to have a happy marriage and do brilliant research together. This collection of seventeen original essays explores the interplay between marriage and scientific work in the lives of two dozen couples in the nineteenth and twentieth century. It is the first book to discuss the professional and personal lives of scientific couples. For much of this period, marriage was the only acceptable way a woman could gain access to the tools, space, and colleagues indispensable to doing science. Yet, collaboration with her husband could also mean the denial of full credit for her work, inability to move to better jobs, and the juggling of domestic and scientific responsibilities. For the husband, collaboration with his skilled, unpaid wife could bring greater achievements than he might have achieved alone, but also meant the suspicion of his professional peers and the necessity of supporting the household.
'Why do all the women disappear?' : gendering processes in a political science department
Gender & sexuality : critical theories, critical thinkers
Creative couples in the sciences
Margaret Rossiter's widely hailed Women Scientists in America: Struggles and Strategies to 1940 marked the beginning of a pioneering effort to interpret the history of American women scientists. That effort continues in this provocative sequel that covers the crucial years of World War II and beyond. Rossiter begins by showing how the acute labor shortage brought on by the war seemed to hold out new hope for women professionals, especially in the sciences. But the public posture of welcoming women into the scientific professions masked a deep-seated opposition to change. Rossiter proves that despite frustrating obstacles created by the patriarchal structure and values of universities, government, and industry, women scientists made genuine contributions to their fields, grew in professional stature, and laid the foundation for the breakthroughs that followed 1972.
The gender of history : men, women, and historical practice
Scholarly publishing patterns in Finland : a comparison of disciplinary groups
"Eileen Pollack had grown up in the 1960s and 70s dreaming of a career as a theoretical astrophysicist. Denied the chance to take advanced courses in science and math, she nonetheless made her way to Yale, where, despite finding herself far behind the men in her classes, she went on to graduate, summa cum laude, with honors, as one of the university's first two women to earn a Bachelor of Science degree in physics. And yet, isolated, lacking in confidence, starved for encouragement, she abandoned her ambition to become a physicist. Years later, Pollack revisited her reasons for walking away from the career she once had coveted. She spent six years interviewing her former teachers and classmates and dozens of other women who had dropped out before completing their degrees in science. In addition, Pollack talked to experts in the field of gender studies and reviewed the most up-to-date research that seeks to document why women and minorities underperform in STEM fields. Girls who study science and math are still belittled and teased by their male peers and teachers, even by other girls. They are led to think that any interest or achievement in science or math will diminish their popularity. They are still being steered away from advanced courses in technical fields, while deeply entrenched stereotypes lead them to see themselves as less talented than their male classmates, a condition that causes them to fulfill such expectations and perform more poorly than the boys sitting beside them. "--
Scientists and storytellers : feminist anthropologists and the construction of the American Southwest
The personal response to science
From the fratricide to a family memory
Complex identities : the case of academic women
Researching women's lives from a feminist perspective
Women scientists in America. [Vol. 2], Before affirmative action, 1940-1972
Embedded in fluid networks : spaces, times and conditions of biosciences and social sciences in contemporary Finland
A feminist ethnomusicology : writings on music and gender
"In the early twentieth century, the field of anthropology transformed itself from the "welcoming science," uniquely open to women, people of color, and amateurs, into a professional science of culture. The new field grew in rigor and prestige but excluded practitioners and methods that no longer fit a narrow standard of scientific legitimacy. In Rhetoric in American Anthropology, Risa Applegarth traces the "rhetorical archeology" of this transformation in the writings of early women anthropologists"--
An old state in new settings : studies in the social anthropology of China in memory of Maurice Freedman
The Medici secret
French feminist theory : an introduction
The mind has no sex? : women in the origins of modern science
Anthropology and the climate of opinion
Interaction and gender : a study of postgraduate seminars at a Swedish university
The natural and social sciences : gendered epistemic environments at two university departments in Finland : an introduction
The ice princess
Rhetoric in American anthropology : gender, genre, and science
Identity and networks : fashioning gender and ethnicity across cultures
Hard work in the academy
French Feminist Theory offers an introduction to the key concepts and themes in French feminist thought, both the materialist and the linguistic/psychoanalytic traditions. These are explored through the work of a wide range of theorists. The book outlines the philosophical and political diversity of French feminism, setting developments in the field in the particular cultural and social contexts in which they have emerged and unfolded. The principal areas covered are: ongoing debates on the cultural construction and definition of sexual and gendered idenities; the relationship between subjectivity and language; the roles played by both private and public institutions in the shaping of sexual relations; the issue of embodiment; and the relationship between gender, sexuality and race. Finally, the book traces the connections between French and Anglo-American feminist approaches and methodologies.
Crossing : a memoir
Women in science : career processes and outcomes
Sexism, support and survival in academia : academic women and hidden discrimination in Finland
Women's studies is a rapidly expanding field with a tremendous growth in the number of London courses available. As a result of this there has been increasing debate about the nature of feminist research. Can a specifically feminist methodology be identified? Which research methods are most appropriate in feminist work? What is the difference between a feminist approach and other forms of scholarship.; "Researching Women's Lives" explores these issues by focusing on the dynamics of doing research, rather than engaging in a theoretical discussion about research techniques. Feminists are now involved in exploring a whole range of wider issues concerned with practical, political and ethical matters in undertaking research. In addition to issues such as violence, sexuality, political activity and popular culture, contributors also examine the impact of race, class, sexual orientation and age.
Handbook of the psychology of science
As part of his attempt to secure a place for women in scientific culture, the Cartesian Francois Poullain de la Barre asserted as long ago as 1673 that "the mind has no sex?" In this rich and comprehensive history of women's contributions to the development of early modem science, Londa Schiebinger examines the shifting fortunes of male and female equality in the sphere of the intellect. Schiebinger counters the "great women" mode of history and calls attention to broader developments in scientific culture that have been obscured by time and changing circumstance. She also elucidates a larger issue: how gender structures knowledge and power.
Perspectives on gender and science
The only woman in the room : why science is still a boys' club
