http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21126 biorefineries
biorefineries
Biomass as energy source : resources, systems and applications
The refinery of the future
Intensification of hemicellulose hot-water extraction from spruce wood by parameter tuning
Developing the global bioeconomy : technical, market, and environmental lessons from bioenergy
NWBC 2015 : the 6th Nordic Wood Biorefinery Conference, Helsinki, Finland 20-22 October, 2015.
As feedstocks to refineries change, there must be an accompanying change in refinery technology. This means a movement from conventional means of refining heavy feedstocks using (typically) coking technologies to more innovative processes that will coax the last drips of liquid fuels from the feedstock. This book presents the evolution of refinery processes during the last century and as well as the means by which refinery processes will evolve during the next three-to-five decades. Chapters contain material relevant to (1) comparisons of current feedstocks with heavy oil and bio-feedstocks; (2) evolution of refineries since the 1950s, (3) properties and refinability of heavy oil and bio-feedstocks, (4) thermal processes vs. hydroprocesses, and (5) evolution of products to match the environmental market. Process innovations that have influenced refinery processing over the past three decades are presented, as well as the relevant patents that have the potential for incorporation into future refineries.-- back cover.
Development of pretreatment technology and enzymatic hydrolysis for biorefineries
Pretreatment techniques for biofuels and biorefineries
Separation and purification technologies in biorefineries
SO2-ethanol-water (SEW) fractionation of lignocellulosics
Introduction to chemicals from biomass
Capillary electrophoresis : applicability and method validation for biorefinery analytics
Spinnova is spinning yarn from wood fibres. (English summary)
Biorefinery in the pulp and paper industry
Production of sugars, ethanol and tannin from spruce bark and recovered fibres
The biobased economy : biofuels, materials and chemicals in the post-oil era
Industrial biorenewables : a practical viewpoint
Forests in development : a vital balance
A larch biorefinery producing pulp and lactic acid
This book extensively covers the different types of biomass (e.g. molasses, sugar beet pulp, cheese whey, sugarcane residues, palm waste, vegetable oil, straws, stalks and wood), various pretreatment approaches (e.g. physical, thermal, chemical, physicochemical and biological) and methods that show the subsequent production of biofuels and chemicals such as sugars, ethanol, extracellular polysaccharides, biodiesel, gas and oil. In addition to traditional methods such as steam, hot-water, hydrothermal, diluted-acid, organosolv, ozonolysis, sulfite, milling, fungal and bacterial, microwave, ultrasonic, plasma, torrefaction, pelletization, gasification (including biogas) and liquefaction pretreatments, it also introduces and discusses novel techniques such as nano and solid catalysts, organic electrolyte solutions and ionic liquids. This book offers a review of state-of-the-art research and provides guidance for the future paths of developing pretreatment techniques of biomass for biofuels, especially in the fields of biotechnology, microbiology, chemistry, materials science and engineering.
Pressurized hot water flow-through extraction of birch wood
Formic acid catalysed xylose dehydration into furfural
Integrated forest biorefineries
Towards sustainable and efficient biofuels production : use of pervaporation in product recovery and purification
Chemical characterization in the biorefinery of lignocellulose : formation and management of oxalic acid and analysis of feedstocks for bioethanol production
Innovation management of biorefineries in Finnish forest sector
SO2-ethanol-water (SEW) fractionation of lignocellulose
An overview of biorefineries in Finland
Papermaking science and technology. Book 11, Pigment coating and surface sizing of paper
Recovery of biomass-derived valuable compounds using chromatographic and membrane separations
Characterization of organic material dissolved during alkaline pulping of wood and non-wood feedstocks
Biogas from waste and renewable resources : an introduction
This book provides a state-of-the-art perspective on industrial biorenewables. A selection of industries dealing with biomass as raw materials present their activities and industrial processes. Emphasis on each chapter includes, and is not limited to: discussion of the motivation of that specific industry to use biorenewables; a short history of their expertise and developments in the field; selected current R&D activities using biomass, the aim of the research, type of biomass used, catalysts, achieved products, economics, etc.; detailed discussions of the type of biomass, indicating 1st or 2nd generation, and options to substitute 1st generation raw materials for more sustainable 2nd generation ones; current processes that have been or are about to be implemented at industrial and commercial scales; expectations such as where potential improvements could be made and where academic research groups could help provide pre-competitive and industrially-sound insights and research; and finally, conclusions, prospects, and recommendations for future directions of research.
Towards sustainable and efficient biofuels production:use of pervaporation in product recovery and purification
Chemical derivatization of galactoglucomannan for functional materials
Biorefineries - industrial processes and products : status quo and future directions
Isolation of birch xylan as a part of pulping-based biorefinery
"Providing a state of the art in the field of available and future biomass resources, energy systems using biomass and optimization and control of systems and processes. The book covers biomass resources globally, but also complex systems such as biorefineries, polygeneration and pulp and paper industry, as well as chemicals used as feedstocks for plastics. Other examples are using wood for textiles and food additives as nano-fibers. The contributing authors are highly-qualified researchers and engineers in different aspects of biomass utilization from most parts of the world"--
Papermaking science and technology. Book 7, Recycled fiber and deinking
BioRefine yearbook 2011
Papermaking science and technology. Book 20, Biorefining of forest resources
Future Biorefinery Joint Research. 2 : programme report 2011-2014
SO2-ethanol-water fractionation and enzymatic hydrolysis of forest biomass
BioRefine yearbook 2010
Additional revenue opportunities in pulp mills and their impacts on the kraft process
Biorefineries - future business opportunity for forest cluster : diffusion of forest biorefineries in Scandinavia, North America and South America
Pulp companies increasingly relying on biorefining
NWBC 2012 : the 4th Nordic Wood Biorefinery Conference, Helsinki, Finland 23-25 October, 2012.
Industrial biorefineries and white biotechnology
Industry at a crossroads: hardware or intelligence
UPM believes in Biofore
Catalytic transformation of arabinogalactan, its oligomers and monomers to valuable chemicals
Advanced biorefinery concepts integrated to chemical pulping
Integration of a bioethanol process to a pulp mill
Bioprocessing technologies in biorefinery for sustainable production of fuels, chemicals, and polymers
Ionic liquid mediated biomass deconstruction : from analysis challenges to fermentable sugars
Forest value chain optimization and sustainability
Biorefineries : industrial processes and products : status quo and future directions
Towards bioeconomy : a three-phase Delphi study on forest biorefinery diffusion in Scandinavia and North America
Biorefineries in decentralized environment : review
Biorefinery co-products : phytochemicals, primary metabolites and value-added biomass processing
Industrial Biorefineries and White Biotechnology provides a look at the increasing focus on developing the processes and technologies needed for the conversion of biomass to liquid and gaseous fuels and chemicals, in particular, the development of low-cost technologies. During the last 3-4 years, there have been scientific and technological developments in the area; this book represents the most updated information and technological perspective on the topic. Provides information on the most advanced and innovative pretreatment processes and technologies for biomass. Covers information on lignocellulosic and algal biomass to work on the principles of biorefinery. Provides information on integration of processes for the pretreatment of biomass.
Yhteenveto (Summary in Finnish)
