http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2114 catering sector (lines of business)
catering sector (lines of business)
New directions in hospitality and tourism : a worldwide review
FoodService Europe & Middle East : International trade journal for the hotel, restaurant and catering industry
Running Your Own Pub
Managing people in international hospitality & tourism industries : approaches to managing, motivating and rewarding employees
Marketing for hospitality and tourism
Marketing Suggestions for Sichuan Hai Dilao Catering Company, China
Don't eat this book
Exploring foodservice systems management through problems
Advances in hospitality management research
Bubble and squeak : English for hospitality
Essential food and beverage service : for levels 1 and 2
Careers in focus : family and consumer sciences
English for the hospitality industry : 1EN1
Marketing management : a resource-based approach for the hospitality and tourism industries
Bubble and squeak : English for hospitality. Key and tests
Hospitality marketing in the e-commerce age
On cooking : a textbook of culinary fundamentals
Travel, tourism, and hospitality research : a handbook for managers and researchers
The food truck handbook : start, grow, and succeed in the mobile food business
Behavioural studies in hospitality management
The theory of hospitality and catering
Expert : English for food professionals
"Foundations of Family and Consumer Sciences: Careers Serving Individuals, Families and Communities introduces the history of the profession and career opportunities. For each area, career opportunities are explored and trends are surveyed. Career planning strategies are described. Professional profiles and case studies give students an insight into the profession"--Provided by publisher.
Food hygiene the facts!
The restaurant book
Handbook of travel, tourism and hospitality management
Economics for hospitality management
HACCP : a practical approach
Hostmanship : the art of making people feel welcome
Progress in tourism, recreation and hospitality management. Vol. 2
Human resource management in the hospitality and tourism industry
Mise en place for teaching : a handbook for hospitality and tourism educators and trainers
Food supply chain management : issues for the hospitality and retail sectors
The duchess who wouldn't sit down : an informal history of hospitality
Onboard hospitality
Foodservice research international
Hygiene risk evaluation in catering establishments
Hospitality supervision and leadership : level 3
Food tourism around the world : development, management and markets
Food and beverage service
Product development guide for the food industry
Information and communication technologies in tourism 2011 : proceedings of the international conference in Innsbruck, Austria, January 26-28, 2011
Foodservice and hospitality
VNR's encyclopedia of hospitality and tourism
Foodservice in institutions
Executive decisions : hospitality case studies in leadership, ethics, employee relations and external relations
Today's special is ... : ruokalistaenglantia
The world of catering : English for professionals
Future challenges in professional kitchens II : reports of seminar presentations
Expert : English for food professionals : Äänite
Hotel and catering case studies
Today's special is... : ruokalistaenglantia
Catering and food services recipe for fifty : kitchen operation and management and European and Asia culinary
Many of us have endured a stint in food service, whether it was our first venture into the working world or served as a part-time job strictly for extra income. For the majority of us, there was never any intention of pursuing it as a career. However, the fast pace and interaction with a variety of people delights some, and they develop an enthusiastic attitude toward the business. These people often understand the sound fundamentals of food preparation, appreciate the value of personal service, and possess excellent people skills. But there is much more to the world of food service and food service management. Food Service Management: How to Succeed in the High-Risk Restaurant Business - By Someone Who Did will reveal all the hidden facets of this fast-paced business and show you how to succeed as a food service manager.  The author, Bill Wentz, speaks from experience, making his advice that much more valuable. Wentz truly understands the industry and shares the priceless experiences he had and lessons he learned throughout his career. In this book, you will learn if a food service career is right for you, the many opportunities available in the industry, and where to go for the best training. Food service managers will learn how to predict food costs, how to achieve profit goals, how to conduct recipe cost analysis, and how to realistically price a menu. In addition, this book discusses labor costs and controls, profit and loss statements, accounting systems, inventory, sanitation, and effective communication.  Furthermore, Wentz shares his philosophies regarding ethics, hospitality, and performance. This book will show you how to develop and nurture your relationships with customers and how to keep them coming back to your establishment time after time, as well as how to be an effective manager, how to hire and train employees, how to get results, and how to further your success. The topics of proper kitchen design and layout, time management, and food quality are also covered in this unique book.  Whether you are considering a career in food services or you are already the manager of an establishment, you will certainly find some wisdom in Wentz's words. Wentz passes on his knowledge in this easy-to-read and entertaining book that not only tells you how to survive in the food service business but also tells you how to be successful.
Profit planning : for hospitality and tourism
Study guide to accompany : Supervision in the hospitality industry
Training for the hospitality industry : techniques to improve job performance
Fast food nation : the dark side of the all-American meal
Introduction to management in the hospitality industry. Study guide to accompany
Planning and control for food and beverage operations
English for the foodservice industry
Cornell hotel and restaurant administration quarterly
Consumer marketing : a resource-based approach for the hospitality and tourism industries
Introduction to management in the hospitality industry : study guide
CHRIE member directory and resource guide 1998-1999 : a comprehensive listing of educators, industry professionals, institutions, associations, and corporations
Purchasing for the hospitality industry
"You've seen the headlines: Parmesan cheese made from sawdust. Lobster rolls containing no lobster at all. Extra virgin olive oil that isn't. Fake foods are in our supermarkets, our restaurants, and our kitchen cabinets. Food journalist Larry Olmsted exposes the pervasive and dangerous fraud perpetrated on consumers by bringing readers into the unregulated food industry, revealing the alarming truth: What we think we're eating is not what we're really eating. This shocking deception extends from high-end foods like olive oil, wine, and Kobe beef to everyday staples such as coffee, honey, juice, and cheese. It's a massive bait and switch where counterfeiting is rampant and where the consumer ultimately pays the price. Olmstead travels to the sources of the real stuff, to help us recognize what to look for, eat, and enjoy. Genuine Parmigiano-Reggiano from Italy, fresh-caught grouper from Florida, authentic port from Portugal. Real foods that are grown, raised, produced, and prepared with care by masters of their craft."
Piece of cake
Hospitality marketing
Financial management for hospitality decision makers
English texts
Hospitality management : a human resources approach
Hospitality marketing : principles and practice
Foodservice Europe
Expert update English for food professionals : luokkaäänite
Standing the heat : assuring curriculum quality in culinary arts and gastronomy
How to open and run a successful restaurant
English for the Hospitality Industry
Professional bar manager's handbook
Hotel, restaurant, and travel law : a preventive approach
Supervision in the hospitality industry
Principles of design and operation of catering equipment
Consumer selection of vegetarian food in restaurants
The HACCP Food Safety Training Manual
Food service management : how to succeed in the high-risk restaurant business - by someone who did
Study guide to accompany : introduction to the hospitality industry
Today's special is ...
Human resource management for the hospitality and tourism industries
Hospitality and travel marketing
Start your own restaurant business and more : pizzeria, coffeehouse, deli, bakery, catering business
Services 2020 : competences in the international service society : final report
Foodservice Europe & Middle East : international trade journal for the restaurant and catering industry
Strategic management : a resource-based approach for the hospitality and tourism industries
Today's special is..
Cases in hospitality management : a critical incident approach
Expert : English for food professionals : opettajan aineisto
Introduction to the hospitality industry
English for the restaurant industry
The 50 best restaurants in Finland. 2006-2007
Training design for the hospitality industry
Study guide to accompany Management by menu
Introduction to hospitality
Making it! : in hotels & catering : Finland
Purchasing and costing for the hospitality industry
Food service technology
Grassroots marketing for the restaurant industry
Information and communication technologies in tourism 2014 : proceedings of the International Conference in Dublin, Ireland, January 21-24, 2014
Foundations of family and consumer sciences : careers serving individuals, families, and communities
Welcome! : English for the travel and tourism industry : audio CD set
The principles and practice of bar and beverage management : the drinks handbook
Marketing for hospitality and tourism / Philip Kotler, James C. Makens, John T. Bowen
Seasonality in the food and beverage service industry - a challenge for product development in small-sized businesses : case of Cafe im Goebenhaus, Stade, Germany
Information and communication technologies in tourism 2013 : proceedings of the International Conference in Innsbruck, Austria, January 22-25, 2013
Leisure in the new millennium : the Barclays and JHIC report produced by the Henley Centre
Hospitality management : a capstone course
Foodservice management : principles and practices
The world of catering : English for professionals. Opettajan opas
Piece of cake : English for restaurant and catering services
English for the hospitaly industry 1 en 1
Managerial competence within the hospitality and tourism service industries : global cultural contextual analysis
Off-Premise Catering Management
The international hospitality industry : organizational and operational issues
"How to start, grow, and succeed in the food truck business.Food trucks have become a wildly popular and important part of the hospitality industry. Consumers are flocking to these mobile food businesses in droves, inspiring national food truck competitions and even a show dedicated to the topic on The Food Network. The relatively low cost of entry as compared to starting a restaurant, combined with free and low-cost ways to market them to the masses via platforms like social media, are just two of the reasons that food truck business are drawing in budding entrepreneurs.Author David Weber, a food truck advocate and entrepreneur himself, is here to offer his practical, step-by-step advice to achieving your mobile food mogul dreams in The Food Truck Handbook. This book cuts through all of the hype to give both hopeful entrepreneurs and already established truck owners an accurate portrayal of life on the streets. From concept to gaining a loyal following to preventative maintenance on your equipment this book covers it all. Includes profiles of successful food trucks, detailing their operations, profitability, and scalability. Establish best practices for operating your truck using one-of-a-kind templates for choosing vending locations, opening checklist, closing checklist, and more. Create a sound business plan complete with a reasonable budget and finding vendors you can trust; consider daily operations in detail from start to finish, and ultimately expand your business. Stay lean and profitable by avoiding the most common operating mistakes. Author David Weber is Founder and President of the NYC Food Truck Association (NYCFTA), which brings together small businesses that own and operate premium food trucks in NYC focused on innovation in hospitality, high quality food, and community development. "--
Running Your Own Catering Company
Purchasing for chefs : a concise guide
Catering English
Introduction to hospitality. Study guide
Restaurants USA : the monthly magazine of the National Restaurant Association
Starting and running a sandwich-coffee bar : an insider guide
Introduction to hospitality operations
Food and beverage management
Expert update English for food professionals
HACCP : a food industry briefing
Strategic marketing planning in the hospitality industry : a book of readings
Human resources in the foodservice industry : organizational behavior management approaches
English for the hospitality industry 1 en 1
Real food / fake food : why you don't know what you're eating & what you can do about it
Abstract: Grey Economy in Accommodation and Nutrition Industry.
Welcome to culinary school : a culinary student survival guide
English texts 1EG4
Accounting in the hotel and catering industry
Food and beverage management : for the hospitality, tourism and event industries
The world of food : English for catering and food industry. Opettajan opas
Professional Dining Room Management
English for the hotel, restaurant and tourist industries
The complete guide to foodservice in cultural institutions : keys to success in restaurants, catering, and special events
Hospitality Marketing Management
