http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21170 security clearances
security clearances background checks
General aviation security : aircraft, hangars, fixed-base operations, flight schools, and airports
Safety study on level crossing accidents : a shortened version
Practical aviation security : predicting and preventing future threats
Predicting malicious behavior : tools and techniques for ensuring global security
"Sea and freshwater ports are a key component of U.S. critical infrastructure and are vital to maintaining the global and domestic economy. The September 11th attacks in the U.S. marked a paradigm shift in the security of transportation systems including the port and shipping industries. This has led to an increased emphasis on port security. This fully updated second edition covers the latest on continuously changing legislation regarding federal mandates, credentializing employees, securing vessels, and cargo security. The book focuses on best practices, providing real-world solutions to law enforcement authorities and security management professionals"--Provided by publisher.
Models and data report 2010
Nanomaterials, a danger or a promise? : a chemical and biological perspective
Business continuity management : in practice
Personal security : a guide for international travelers
Terrorism and the olympics : major event security and lessons for the future
Application of RFID technology in terminal operations of an oil refinery : Neste Oil Corporation
National nuclear power plant safety research 2011-2014 : SAFIR2014 framework plan
Maritime security : an introduction
Policing major events : perspectives from around the world
Port security management
Intelligence-based security in private industry
Interim summary report of the safety case 2009.
Physical security and environmental protection
Logistics and transportation security : a strategic, tactical, and operational guide to resilience
"This practical, user-friendly guide prepares international business travelers for the realities they might face while working or living abroad. Concise and easy-to-read, this manual will be a huge time-saver for corporations who want to educate their staff on safety and security awareness when travelling overseas. The author has experience traveling the world, including to some historical hot zones and areas of conflict. The text provides general advice along with tips targeted at specific readers, including special considerations for women, VIPs, and those who are traveling with children and families"--
Evaluation of the Finnish nuclear safety research program "SAFIR2010"
Protecting transportation : implementing security policies and programs
This bachelor's thesis was commissioned by Neste Oil Corporation that is a leading supplier of the traffic fuels and lubricants in Finland. The aim was to do a preliminary study on the possible RFID (Radio Frequency Identification) technology application for  the Naantali's terminal. The main objective of this thesis was to improve the safety at the Naantali refinery's terminal area by using the RFID technology. The research has been limited to include only tank truck identification at the terminal area and the terminal parking lot. The challenge was to find a suitable RFID system for the demanding environment of the oil refinery. This thesis consists of the basics and operating principles of the RFID technology. Safety is a very important factor in oil refinery. The special requirements of the environment, such as possible explosive atmospheres and other safety issues have been taken into consideration in the study. Current operations at the terminal have been researched and taken into consideration when thinking about the RFID application. The recommendations for the RFID application have been made according to the requirements that have been recognized during the research. Two different system suppliers and their products have been suggested. Although, the final decision on the system can only be made after the field tests for the readers and tags. Conclusion of this research is that by implementing the RFID system the safety at the terminal can be improved and the system would also be financially and operationally beneficial to implement.
SAFIR2010 : the Finnish research programme on nuclear power plant safety 2007-2010 : final report
Aviation and airport security : terrorism and safety concerns
"A comprehensive resource for those developing and executing a loss control audit program, this book comes at the material from three perspectives: Workplace safety, physical security, and life safety and fire service. Written for professionals in loss prevention and safety management as well as those studying the field, this reference includes core auditing issues that are addressed in the mainstream by loss control professionals and provides insight on the implementation of an auditing program within organizations. It illustrates audit scoring methodologies and presents sample audit formats for reader understanding and future use"--
Loss control auditing : a guide for conducting fire, safety, and security audits
Insider threats
National nuclear power plant safety research 2011-2014 : SAFIR2014 framework plan.
Handbook of loss prevention and crime prevention
