http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21207 popular education
popular education
The French Revolution and Enlightenment in England, 1789-1832
Stairway to the temple of art : the Art museum of the Ateneum and its public
The great cat massacre and other episodes in French cultural history
Summary: "The necessity for the Lending Library" : the introduction of the modern "desire to read" into Finland and the institutions of reading.
The Cambridge history of world music
Jealousy of trade : international competition and the nation-state in historical perspective
Rudolf Erich Raspe and the Anglo-Hanoverian enlightenment
This is the third collection produced by members of a six-year research project, funded by the NUFU (Norwegian Programme for Development, Research, and Education), whose concern was to find, preserve, and analyse orature, spoken forms of all kinds, both their unique qualities and their equivalence in importance to literature. A major focus was the ways in which forms of orature can be made relevant to the demands of rapidly developing nations faced with insistent problems (HIV/AIDS, administrative needs, shifts in social and familial structure, the changing roles of women). Both innovative and archival, the essays explore older legends and modern performances to outline their positive and dynamic contribution to a protean society. Some contributors address the ways in which traditional forms may be adapted: e.g., via new media to combat the HIV/AIDS pandemic and to educate children in social and individual responsibility. Traditional narratives and children's songs can function to counter cannibalism and child sacrifice. Less dark aspects of contemporary society also receive attention. Traditional patterns of leadership are adapted to today's conditions, especially by offering women models in the form of earlier figures and their actions. Two essays analyse the use of proverbs in the speeches of political candidates and discussing traditional music festivals as celebrations of traditional kingship and rule. Others examine the nature and operation of specific forms of orature; riddles and their subtle alteration according to performer and audience; concepts of heroism; stories of origin; and variants of Little Red Riding Hood. These sensitive analyses are framed by pieces from members of the research project in Norway and Uganda.
Performing wisdom : proverbial lore in modern Ugandan society
Russia takes shape : patterns of integration from the Middle Ages to the present
Health economics and outcome studies on type 2 diabetes education and screening in a Chinese population
Comics with an attitude... : a guide to the use of comics in development
The Brahan Seer : the making of a legend
Making the people fit for democracy : Kansanvalistusseura and popular adult education in Finland after the general strike of 1905.
Witchcraft and folk belief in the age of enlightenment : Scotland 1670-1740
Offers a collection of public information posters from the period 1945-75 that was published in conjunction with the National Archives, where the original posters are located.
Magic : a theory from the south
Making the people fit for democracy : Kansanvalistusseura and popular adult education in Finland after the General Strike of 1905
Health Economics and Outcome Studies on Type 2 Diabetes Education and Screening in a Chinese Population
Literacy skills as local intangible capital : the history of a rural lending library c. 1860 - 1920
Nordic lights : education for nation and civic society in the Nordic countries, 1850-2000
Manufacturing consensus : the making of the Swedish reformist working class
Enlightenment against empire
Pre-modern games in a modern world : a case of public festivals as rational recreation in 19th century Finland
The cosmopolitan ideal in Enlightenment thought : its form and function in the ideas of Franklin, Hume, and Voltaire, 1694-1790
Before Boas : the genesis of ethnography and ethnology in the German Enlightenment
Keep Britain tidy and other posters from the nanny state
Legitimacy and power politics : the American and French Revolutions in international political culture
International relations in political thought : texts from the Ancient Greeks to the First World War
The history of human rights : from ancient times to the globalization era
Economic sentiments : Adam Smith, Condorcet, and the Enlightenment
Literacy Skills as Local Intangible Capital : The History of a Rural Lending Library c. 1860–1920
