http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21226 prohibited books
prohibited books banned books
Pages passed from hand to hand : the hidden tradition of homosexual literature in english from 1748 to 1914
Three souls : a novel
The ruby circle : a Bloodlines novel
John Hayden, a death deity, takes seventeen-year-old Pierce Oliviera back to the Underworld against her will to keep her safe from the Furies, but her family is still at risk and she, herself, may never escape his captivity.
Born wicked
Pushed
Mr. Lemoncello's library olympics
Did I mention I need you?
Redacted : the archives of censorship in transwar Japan
120 banned books : censorship histories of world literature
Torment
Literature suppressed on political grounds
"Trudy has betrayed her husband, John. She's still in the marital home - a dilapidated, priceless London townhouse - but John's not here. Instead, she's with his brother, the profoundly banal Claude, and the two of them have a plan. But there is a witness to their plot: the inquisitive, nine-month-old resident of Trudy's womb. Told from a perspective unlike any other, Nutshell is a classic tale of murder and deceit from one of the world's master storytellers"--
White magic, Black magic in the European Renaissance : [from Ficino, Pico, Della Porta to Trithemius, Agrippa, Bruno]
Banned : controversial literature and political control in British India, 1907-1947
Obscene in the extreme : the burning and banning of John Steinbeck's The grapes of wrath
The Inquisitor in the hat shop : inquisition, forbidden books, and unbelief in early modern Venice
Izzy Stone struggles to solve the mysteries surrounding her mentally ill mother and discover a place to truly call home.
Nutshell : a novel
Water for Elephants
Reading Lolita in Tehran : a memoir in books
The far pavilions
Silver shadows : a Bloodlines novel
Bryn Aven is determined to gain status amongst the Kanin, the most powerful of the hidden tribes. But as a half-blood, winning respect is a huge challenge. Bryn's almost-human community distrusts people, and those from other tribes are almost as suspect. She has just one goal to get ahead: to join the elite guard protecting the Kanin royal family. And Bryn's vowed that nothing will stand in her way, not even a forbidden romance with her boss, Ridley Dresden. But her plans are put on hold when fallen hero Konstantin starts acting dangerously. Bryn loved him once, but now he's kidnapping Kanin children - stealing them from hidden placements within human families. She's sent to help stop him, but will she lose her heart in the process?
Sydney Sage is an Alchemist, one of a group of humans who dabble in magic and serve to bridge the worlds of humans and vampires. They protect vampire secrets - and human lives. After their secret romance is exposed, Sydney and Adrian find themselves facing the wrath of both the Alchemists and the Moroi in this electrifying conclusion to Richelle Mead's New York Times bestselling Bloodlines series. When the life of someone they both love is put on the line, Sydney risks everything to hunt down a deadly former nemesis. Meanwhile, Adrian becomes enmeshed in a puzzle that could hold the key to a shocking secret about spirit magic, a secret that could shake the entire Moroi world.
Censorship in early modern Europe
Literature suppressed on social grounds
The beguine, the angel, and the inquisitor : the trials of Marguerite Porete and Guiard of Cressonessart
City Of Lost Souls
In an alternate New England of 1900, where the Brotherhood dominates and controls society, sixteen-year-old Cate Cahill has struggled since her mother's death to keep secret that she and her younger sisters are witches, but when a governess arrives from the Sisterhood, everything changes.
The Zhivago affair : the Kremlin, the CIA, and the battle over a forbidden book
Literature suppressed on sexual grounds
A universal history of the destruction of books : from ancient Sumer to modern Iraq
For Cora Kensington, the journey of a lifetime has taken unexpected turns. And her future - her very life - depends on the decisions she'll make at each crossroad. As the Grand Tour with her newfound family winds through France, Austria, and Italy, an unseen enemy trails close behind. And a forbidden love continues to put everyone's plans at risk. Cora must escape the bonds of the past and discover the faith to make the right choices...because each one has grave consequences.
The golden lily : a Bloodlines novel
The most dangerous book : the battle for James Joyce's Ulysses
If you could be mine : a novel
The good soldier Svejk and his fortunes in the world war
Church censorship and culture in early modern Italy
Victorian sensation : the extraordinary publication, reception, and secret authorship of Vestiges of the natural history of creation
Books and boats : Sino-Japanese relations in the seventeenth and eighteenth centuries
City of glass
The beautiful and the cursed
Hot books in the Cold War : the CIA-funded secret book distribution program behind the Iron Curtain
The mirror of simple souls
Did I mention I miss you?
Touched
King's cage
Johannes Reuchlin and the campaign to destroy Jewish books
City of lost souls
The Holocaust and the book : destruction and preservation
Days of blood and starlight
Burning books
"From the New York Times bestselling author of The Dovekeepers and The Museum of Extraordinary Things: a forbidden love story set on the tropical island of St. Thomas about the extraordinary woman who gave birth to painter Camille Pissarro the Father of Impressionism"-- Provided by publisher
What she left behind
After being tricked into releasing the gods from their capitiviy on Olympus, Helen Hamilton must find a way to re-imprison them without starting a devasting war, all while fighting the ever-growing passion she feels for her forbidden love, Lucas Delos.
With Mare powerless as a prisoner of Maven Calore, the boy she once loved, her rebel Reds continue to organize and train as they prepare for war, while exiled prince Cal sets out to rescue Maven from captivity.
Shiver
Soulmates
Brokeback Mountain
Metropol : literary almanac
Twilight
Summary.
The shadow of the wind : a novel
Dirt for art's sake : books on trial from Madame Bovary to Lolita
The golden Lily : a Bloodlines novel
The first midnight spell : a Spellcaster novella
The marriage of opposites : a novel based on the life of Rachel Pizzarro
The Paris Olympia Press
New moon
Obelisk : a history of Jack Kahane and the Obelisk Press
The most dangerous book
Mr. Lemoncello has invited teams from all across America to compete in the first ever LIBRARY OLYMPICS...but someone is trying to censor what the kids are reading. / Library of Congress.
Drawing on newly declassified files, this is the story of how a book forbidden in the Soviet Union became a secret CIA weapon in the ideological battle between East and West. In May 1956, an Italian publishing scout paid a visit to Russia's greatest living poet, Boris Pasternak. He left carrying the manuscript of Pasternak's first and only novel, entrusted to him with these words: "This is Doctor Zhivago. May it make its way around the world." Pasternak believed his novel would never be published in the Soviet Union, where the authorities regarded it as irredeemable--but he thought it stood a chance in the West and, indeed, it was widely published in translation. Then the CIA smuggled a Russian-language edition into the Soviet Union. Copies were sold on the black market and passed surreptitiously from friend to friend, and Pasternak found himself in no small trouble. But his funeral in 1960 was attended by thousands of admirers who defied their government in order to bid him farewell. The example he set launched the great tradition of the Soviet writer-dissident.--From publisher description
Kanin : the complete chronicles
One wild winter's eve
