http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21201 critique of technology
critique of technology
Video culture : a critical investigation / edited by John G. Hanhardt ; [essays by Walter Benjamin ... et al.]
Anarchism : a documentary history of libertarian ideas. Vol. 2, The emergence of the new anarchism (1939-1977)
Technopoly : the surrender of culture to technology
The robots' rebellion : the story of the spiritual reneissance
To save everything, click here : the folly of technological solutionism
Distrusting educational technology : critical questions for changing times
Schools and schooling in the digital age : a critical analysis
Desert screen : war at the speed of light
Autonomous technology : technics-out-of-control as a theme in political thought
Questioning technology : electronic technologies and educational reform
Networks / edited by Lars Bang Larsen
"An award-winning author explores how the world works in our age of "continuous now" Back in the 1970s, futurism was all the rage. But looking forward is becoming a thing of the past. According to Douglas Rushkoff, "presentism" is the new ethos of a society that's always on, in real time, updating live. Guided by neither history nor long term goals, we navigate a sea of media that blend the past and future into a mash-up of instantaneous experience. Rushkoff shows how this trend is both disorienting and exhilarating. Without linear narrative we get both the humiliations of reality TV and the associative brilliance of The Simpsons. With no time for long term investing, we invent dangerously compressed derivatives yet also revive sustainable local businesses. In politics, presentism drives both the Tea Party and the Occupy movement. In many ways, this was the goal of digital technology--outsourcing our memory was supposed to free us up to focus on the present. But we are in danger of squandering this cognitive surplus on trivia. Rushkoff shows how we can instead ground ourselves in the reality of the present tense. "--
Thinking dead : what the zombie apocalypse means
Technocapitalism : a critical perspective on technological innovation and corporatism
One-dimensional man : studies in the ideology of advanced industrial society
Technology as magic : the triumph of the irrational
Running on emptiness : the pathology of civilisation
Is technology good for education?
Hypertext : the convergence of contemporary critical theory and technology
The reception of Jacques Ellul's critique of technology : an annotated bibliography of writings on his life and thought (books, articles, reviews, symposia)
Things that make us smart : defending human attributes in the age of the machine
Empowering transformations : Mrs Pepperpot revisited
Why literature matters in the 21st century
Critical vices : the myths of postmodern theory / essays: Nicholas Zurbrugg ; commentary: Warren Burt
High tech / high touch : technology and our search for meaning
The end of the future : the waning of the high-tech world
Digital technologies are a key feature of contemporary education. Schools, colleges and universities operate along high-tech lines, while alternate forms of online education have emerged to challenge the dominance of traditional institutions. According to many experts, the rapid digitization of education over the past ten years has undoubtedly been a good thing. Is Technology Good For Education? offers a critical counterpoint to this received wisdom, challenging some of the central ways in which digital technology is presumed to be positively affecting education. Instead Neil Selwyn considers what is being lost as digital technologies become ever more integral to education provision and engagement. Crucially, he questions the values, agendas and interests that stand to gain most from the rise of digital education. This concise, up-to-the-minute analysis concludes by considering alternate approaches that might be capable of rescuing and perhaps revitalizing the ideals of public education, while not denying the possibilities of digital technology altogether.
Donna Haraway : live theory
The network society : social aspects of new media
Present shock : when everything happens now
Against technology : from the Luddites to Neo-Luddism
The Virilio reader
Lewis Mumford : public intellectual
"In the 1970s futurism was in. But looking forward has become a thing of the past. According to Rushkoff, "presentism" is the new ethos of a society that's always on, in real time, updating live. Rushkoff shows how this trend is both exhilarating and disorienting. This was the goal of technology--outsourcing our memory was supposed to free us up to focus on the present. But we are in danger of squandering this cognitive surplus on trivia. Rushkoff shows how we can instead ground ourselves in the reality of the present tense"--
Why hope? : the stand against civilization
You are not a gadget : a manifesto
Techno-fix : why technology won't save us or the environment
New waves in philosophy of technology
The sceptical optimist : why technology isn't the answer to everything
The whale and the reactor : a search for limits in an age of high technology
Beckett, technology and the body
Ground control : technology and utopia / Susan Buck-Morss, Julian Stallabrass, Leonidas Donskis
To save everything, click here : technology, solutionism, and the urge to fix problems that don't exist
Mediapolis : aspects of texts, hypertexts, and multimedial communication
Resistance, liberation technology and human rights in the digital age
The Internet of us : knowing more and understanding less in the age of big data
Ethics in an age of pervasive technology
