http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21281 knowledge economy
knowledge economy
The Nature of the future : dispatches from the socialstructed world
The blockchain alternative : rethinking macroeconomic policy and economic theory
Network adjacency in shaping intra-organizational perceptions about strategic IT-business alignment
Handbook on the knowledge economy
Archiving of Financial Data in Accounts Receivable : The Case Company UPM-Kymmene Oyj
Business review : advanced applications
Innovation and knowledge-intensive service activities
Global information society : technology, knowledge, and mobility
Managing knowledge intensive entrepreneurship
Synthetic worlds : emerging technologies in education and economics
From big data to big profits : success with data and analytics
Finland as a knowledge economy : elements of success and lessons learned : overview
Essays on modeling and analysis of mortgage loan pools and the Delphi method in forecasting of financial variables
Effective financial planning for library and information services
All edge : inside the new workplace networks
The Deliverability of the BIT Programme at Lahti UAS in Training BIT Experts
The India phenomenom and Finland : backround study for Sitra ́s India programme
Second life : guide to your virtual world
Unravelling organizational Consequences of PSI reform : an in-depth study of the organizational impact of the reuse of public sector data
Platforms of innovation : dynamics of new industrial knowledge flows
Local and regional scale determinants of biodiversity patterns in boreal agricultural landscapes
Google and the law : empirical approaches to legal aspects of knowledge-economy business models
The first steps for starting global businesses in Finland - From idea until the business plan : Project: Barisma – The worldwide website for bars, nightclubs and cafes
Managing knowledge intensity in business : research into adding value with different knowledge use and ICT platforms
Analysis of technology and business antecedents for spectrum sharing in mobile broadband networks
Modeling techniques in predictive analytics : business problems and solutions with R
Shift : a user's guide to the new economy
The learning challenge of the knowledge economy
Managing in a time of great change
Academic capitalism in the age of globalization
Inside Facebook : life, work and visions of greatness
Today, nearly every aspect of higher education—including student recruitment, classroom instruction, faculty research, administrative governance, and the control of intellectual property—is embedded in a political economy with links to the market and the state. Academic capitalism offers a powerful framework for understanding this relationship. Essentially, it allows us to understand higher education's shift from creating scholarship and learning as a public good to generating knowledge as a commodity to be monetized in market activities. In Academic Capitalism in the Age of Globalization, Brendan Cantwell and Ilkka Kauppinen assemble an international team of leading scholars to explore the profound ways in which globalization and the knowledge economy have transformed higher education around the world. The book offers an in-depth assessment of the theoretical foundations of academic capitalism, as well as new empirical insights into how the process of academic capitalism has played out. Chapters address academic capitalism from historical, transnational, national, and local perspectives. Each contributor offers fascinating insights into both new conceptual interpretations of and practical institutional and national responses to academic capitalism.
Predictive analytics : the power to predict who will click, buy, lie, or die
MELA2016 : reference manual
Intellectual property protection strength in a "Pool of knowledge"
Study of internal controls in ERP environment : impact on the quality of financial statements: auditors’ perspective
The knowledge capital of nations : education and the economics of growth
Suomen tilastollinen vuosikirja 2005 = Statistisk årsbok för Finland 2005 = Statistical yearbook of Finland 2005.
Urban informal sector information : needs and methods
Creation and maintenance of material replacement chain
Questioning the Finnish model - forms of public engagement in building the Finnish information society
Pulse : the new science of harnessing Internet buzz to track threats and opportunities
Summary. Concluding remarks (s. 417-426).
Electronic invoicing initiatives in Finland and in the European Union : taking the steps towards the real-time economy
Information, technology, and innovation : resources for growth in a connected world
Essays on platforms : business strategies, regulation and policy in telecommunications, media and technology industries
How revolutionary was the digital revolution? : national responses, market transitions, and global technology
Corporate management in a knowledge-based economy
Competitiveness and urban economic development policy in information society
Finland as a knowledge economy : elements of success and lessons learned
ICT cluster study Helsinki region
Open access publishing as a bridge across the digital divide
DigiMarketing : the essential guide to new media & digital marketing
Taking over the management and ownership of a farm contributes positively to farm growth but little is known about how farmers succeed after the starting phase. We analysed how farmers that have recently started their farm enterprises are going to develop their farms and how do they differ from more experienced farmers in some key farm management areas. Data were collected by postal survey from farmers of the Salo region in South-Western Finland. Farmers were categorized into three different groups according to a combination of their age and experience. Farmers who were in the early phase of taking over a farm had better education and better networks than their older counterparts. Younger farmers considered their networks to be more important than did their senior colleagues. The early phase farmer group invested significantly more and had more liabilities than the other two groups. Moreover, early phase farmers were the most active at developing their farms. The late phase farmers were the least active, even when they knew they were going to transfer their farm to next generation within the next few years. Farms should be developed continuously in order to improve the viability of whole farming sector.
Knowledge diffusion and innovation : modelling complex entrepreneurial behaviours
Executive summary (s. 7-16).
Entrepreneurialism in universities and the knowledge economy : diversification and organizational change in European higher education
Creativity and the global knowledge economy
Six billion minds
The essence of the information society has been under a considerable debate during the last decade. The argumentation concerns the critique of technological determinism and the recognition of political, economic, social and cultural factors that underlie the development. In academic discourse, there has been a noticeable change from engineering based rhetoric towards more humanistic themes and a more qualitative way of speaking about the issue. Also geographical dimensions, mainly related to the urban research and applied urban planning, have emerged. In this paper the essence of the information society is analysed from a perspective of human and cultural geography. The concept of information society is being treated as a subjective construction and it can be conceptualised as a triad. Firstly, it is a tool as such, and the reference is on material symbols representing the tech-sphere of today. This includes actual devices such as computers and mobile telephones and their integrated applications. Secondly, the information society is a set of practices. This refers to everyday routines that are rarely questioned or critically explored. The most common examples of this are e-banking and e-shopping. Finally, the information society is an experience. This theme is characterised by subjective histories, individual contexts and cultural backgrounds. All these dimensions have implications on environment and social conditions of human life. This framework is being used as a tool to evaluate empirical data based on extensive survey conducted in Finland in the year 2001. The sample size was 2750 questionnaires of which 1176 were received back.
Higher education and international student mobility in the global knowledge economy
Innovations as communication processes : a legal architecture for governing ideas in business
Strategic objectives and development plans of beginning farmers
Handbook of science and technology studies
Expertise as Business : long-term development and future prospects of knowledge-intensive business services (KIBS)
Managing flow : a process theory of the knowledge-based firm
Creative regions : technology, culture and knowledge entrepreneurship
The Internet is connecting an increasing number of individuals, organizations, and devices into global networks of information flows. It is accelerating the dynamics of innovation in the digital economy, affecting the nature and intensity of competition, and enabling private companies, government, and the non-profit sector to develop new business models. In this new ecosystem many of the theoretical assumptions and historical observations upon which economics rests are altered and need critical reassessment. This Handbook brings together twenty-six original chapters that discuss theoretical and applied frameworks for the study of the economics of the Internet, encompassing:* its unique economics as a global information and communications infrastructure* the effects of the Internet on economic transactions, including social production, advertising, innovation, and intellectual property rights* the economics and management of Internet-based industries, such as search, news, entertainment, culture, and virtual worlds* the effects of the Internet on the economy at largeInterdisciplinary in its approach, the Handbook synthesizes the state of knowledge and offers new perspectives for researchers, practitioners, and students.
The knowledge economy, language and culture
"Educating for the Knowledge Economy The promise, embraced by governments around the world, is that the knowledge economy will provide knowledge workers with a degree of autonomy and permission to think which enables them to be creative and to attract high incomes. What credence should we give to this promise? The current economic crisis is provoking a reappraisal of both economic and educational policy. Policy makers and educationists across the world see education as central to economic competitiveness. However, this book asks fundamental questions about the relationship between the economy and education since, in contrast to policy makers' rhetoric, the relationship between the two sectors is not straightforward. An unorthodox account of the knowledge economy and economic globalisation suggests that autonomy in the workplace and permission to think will be only given to the elite. In this view many aspirant well-educated middle-class young workers are doomed to disappointment. In this book, leading scholars from the US, the UK, Australia and New Zealand discuss these issues and interrogate the assumptions and links between the different elements of education and how they might relate to the economy. Even if we assume that the official view of the knowledge economy is correct are we educating young people to be autonomous, creative thinkers? Are current policies relating to knowledge, learning and assessment consistent with the kinds of workers and skills required for the knowledge economy? This book will appeal to academics, policy makers, teachers and students interested in the central role of education in the knowledge economy"--
National policies that connect ICT-based education reform to economic and social development
Imagination : three models of imagination in the age of the knowledge economy
Summary and discussion.
"New intellectual property regimes are entrenching new inequalities. Access to information is fundamental to so much of modern life - from the exercise of human rights to marketplace competition - but patents are being used to lock up vital educational, software, genetic and other information. The result will be a global property order dominated by a multinational knowledge elite - an elite that expropriates anything from AIDS drugs for Africa, seeds for developing-world farmers, to information on the human genome." "How did rules governing intellectual property become part of the World trade Organization's free trade' agreements? How have these rules changed the knowledge game for international business? What are the consequences for the ownership of biotechnology and digital technology, and for all those who will have to pay for what was once shared information? Who will be the global winners and losers?" "Based on extensive interviews with key players, Information Feudalism tells the story of these profound transformations in information ownership. It argues that in the globalized information society, the rich have found new ways to rob the poor, but shows how intellectual property rights can and must be more democratically defined."--BOOK JACKET.
A comparison of the Finnish and the Japanese mobile services markets : observations and possible implications
The urban turn - and the location of economic activities
Globalisation and Europeanisation in education
Information economics
Data science for business : What you need to know about data mining and data-analytic thinking
Rethinking organisational behaviour : a poststructuralist framework
The executive's guide to enterprise social media strategy : how social networks are radically transforming your business
e-Learning and the science of instruction : proven guidelines for consumers and designers of multimedia learning
Business Process Management System in The City of Oulu's Electronic Government
Dynamic Hydraulic Monitoring in District Metering Areas
Service science : design for scaling and transformation
Knowing capitalism
Enterprise 2.0 : new collaborative tools for your organization's toughest challenges
Design framework for performance management systems : an ensemble approach
Information systems for managers : texts & cases
In this book Eric Hanushek and Ludger Woessmann make a simple, central claim, developed with rigorous theoretical and empirical support: knowledge is the key to a country's development. Of course, every country recognizes the importance of developing human capital, but Hanushek and Woessmann argue that message has become distorted, with politicians and researchers concentrating not on valued skills but on proxies for them. The common focus is on school attainment, although time in school provides a very misleading picture of how skills enter into development. Hanushek and Woessmann contend that the cognitive skills of the population -- which they term the "knowledge capital" of a nation -- are essential to long-run prosperity. Hanushek and Woessmann subject their hypotheses about the relationship between cognitive skills (as consistently measured by international student assessments) and economic growth to a series of tests, including alternate specifications, different subsets of countries, and econometric analysis of causal interpretations. They find that their main results are remarkably robust, and equally applicable to developing and developed countries. They demonstrate, for example, that the "Latin American growth puzzle" and the "East Asian miracle" can be explained by these regions' knowledge capital. Turning to the policy implications of their argument, they call for an education system that develops effective accountability, promotes choice and competition, and provides direct rewards for good performance.
Website design and development : 100 questions to ask before building a website
Entrepreneurship and innovations in functional regions
Free : the future of a radical price
Social and human capital towards a knowledge economy in Latvia
Industrial espionage and corporate security : the Ericsson case
Tupakkatilasto 2012 = Tobaksstatistik 2012 = Tobacco statistics 2012
Leadership and the city : power, strategy and networks in the making of knowledge cities
Essays on information and communications technology, structural change, and economic growth
Urban and regional technology planning : planning practice in the global knowledge economy
From knowledge to intelligence : creating competitive advantage in the next economy
Dematerialization : the potential of ICT and services
Essays on regional development and labor mobility in a knowledge-based economy
The information-economics perspective on brand equity
Digitizing government : understanding and implementing new digital business models
The Finnish turn from a "resource-based" economy to a "knowlege-based" economy
Knowledge, space, economy
Advancement in the arts and sciences is a primary driver of economic production and social policy in post-industrial societies. Imagination steps back and asks 'what advances the arts and sciences?' This book explores the collective, social and global dimension of human imagining and the ambivalent relationship of social institutions, including universities, schools, economies, media and culture industries, to the collective imagination. Basic discovery requires high levels of creative thinking: Imagination looks at the social conditions that make path-breaking thought possible on a large scale. It examines the role of aesthetic, pictorial, digital, paradoxical and other imaginative styles of thinking, and the times and places in which such styles become socially prominent and a significant force in economic and cultural production. It looks at successful societies as they are approaching their peak, when new ideas are driving them forward.
Devolution and globalisation : implications for local decision-makers
Global creation : space, mobility and synchrony in the age of the knowledge economy
The knowledge-based economy : modeled, measured, simulated
Knowledge and decisions in environmental contexts : a case study of the pulp and paper industry
The gifts of Athena : historical origins of the knowledge economy
The role of network governance in business model performance
Globalisation and the knowledge economy : some observations on recent trends in employment, education and the labour market
The world is flat : a brief history of the twenty-first century
The knowledge economy and lifelong learning : a critical reader
Handbook on the economics of the Internet
HBR's 10 must reads. On managing people
Innovation, technology and knowledge
Beyond competition to association : the economic transformation of Baltic state cities
Networks in the Russian market economy
The new economics : a bigger picture
A geospatial approach to assessing the synergies of agriculture-based poverty alleviation programmes : ADRA's programme in the Ga West district of Ghana
Tupakkatilasto 2014 = Tobaksstatistik 2014 = Tobacco statistics 2014
Getting results from crowds : the definitive guide to using crowdsourcing to grow your business
Ignorant yobs? : low attainers in a global knowledge economy
Essays on behavioral pricing
Abstract (s. 238).
Information society, citizens and everyday life: does the Internet make a difference in spatial practices?
African water resource database : GIS-based tools for inland aquatic resource management. 1, Concepts and application case studies
Modelling of vegetative filter strips in catchment scale erosin control
African water resource database : GIS-based tools for inland aquatic resource management. 2, Technical manual and workbook
Tupakkatilasto 2013 = Tobaksstatistik 2013 = Tobacco statistics 2013
Aligning business processes and information systems : new approaches to continuous quality engineering
Using knowledge for development : the Brazilian experience
Referat: Internationaliserande ekonomier.
Information feudalism : who owns the knowledge economy?
The Good work guide : how to make organizations fairer and more effective
Making space in Finland's new economy
Low-tech innovation in the knowledge economy
The new argonauts : regional advantage in a global economy
There is a new economy growing all around us. Haydn Shaughnessy spells out why the current economic transformation is different from anything that preceded it. The digital economy is not just about new technology. Dramatic changes are taking place in how people work together, how they think about society and wealth, and the risks and options they face in employment and business. Haydn draws a detailed picture of new power groups that are driving this new economy - turning rapid innovation into real-time disruption. These power groups are rendering governments increasingly irrelevant in their traditional job creation and economic growth roles, and putting more demands on companies, online communities, and individuals.
Investigation and analysis of present situation and future prospect of information and communication technology to develop agriculture in Nepal
The weblog handbook : practical advice on creating and maintaining your blog
Creating wealth from knowledge : meeting the innovation challenge
The knowledge economy handbook
Opening-up public data : a spur for democracy and information technology
Educating for the knowledge economy? : critical perspectives
Expertise as  business : long-term development and future prospects of knowledge-intensive business services (KIBS)
Who owns the future?
Online consumer protection : theories of human relativism
Korea and the knowledge-based economy : making the transition
Going global : the challenges for knowledge-based economies
