http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21221 functional materials
functional materials
Exploring the self-assembly of resorcinarenes : from molecular level interactions to mesoscopic structures
Smart clothes and wearable technology
Functional clothing design : from sportswear to spacesuits
Fashionable technology : the intersection of design, fashion, science, and technology
Piezoelectric actuators : control applications of smart materials
The living, breathing, thinking, responsive buildings of the future
The intriguing human being : a cooperative CLIL material package for teaching human anatomy and senses through English in elementary school
Polymer nanocomposites are organic-inorganic hybrid materials where the inorganic filler has at least one dimension in the nanometer scale. They have properties that are far superior to those of not only the parent materials but also conventional microcomposites. These include optical, magnetic, thermal, energy-scavenging, biosensing, gas/water barrier, antimicrobial, and biodegradability properties. Two factors are responsible for these superior properties: the interface between polymer and matrix and the confinement of polymer matrix chains at the nanolevel.
Smart polymer materials for biomedical applications
Textile-based sensors and smart clothing system for respiratory monitoring
Music videos - Can you read them? : a set of teaching material for upper secondary school
"Functional Clothing Design introduces new ways to look at the human body, the environment, and clothing. It explores the ways design can achieve goals such as protecting the body, increasing health and safety, or increasing body function. Building on the groundbreaking text Clothing: The Portable Environment by co-author Susan M. Watkins, this text covers aspects of functional clothing design including: User-centered design for comfort and function in clothing; Clothing for thermal protection, impact protection, and hazardous environments; The design of wearable technology and other apparel solutions that enhance and augment body function; Commercial product development and the development of functional garmets and materials".
Structural investigations and processing of electronically and protonically conducting polymers
New concepts for future rag rugs 2030
Classrooms without borders : using Internet projects to teach communication and collaboration
Abstract: Carrying Solutions for Mobile Devices – Concept Design. With Golla Oy Ltd. as a client, the aim of this work was to create design concepts based on intelligent materials with respect to creating solutions for mobile devices, especially phones. Intelligent or smart materials have found their way to several areas of life, but not yet to bags and covers that protect portable electronics. The technological gap between the devices and their carrying solutions is vast. New ideas are needed to bring them closer together and somehow make them interact.  A competitor review was made in order to find out to what extent Golla's competitors are using smart materials and technologies today. Literary research and summary on smart materials were conducted, and the materials found acted as an inspiration for creating concept ideas, in other words the essence of this thesis. The most prominent ideas are presented in this work. 3D modeling was used to visualize two concept ideas. No further product design was made as the work was agreed to be made on concept level only.  About a dozen concept ideas were visualized and presented to the client. The concepts will help Golla in evaluating their product strategy and creating alternative development scenarios for the future. The competitor and material review will help Golla in positioning itself in the market. Furthermore, it will further provide information and ideas on intelligent materials that could have a potential to increase Golla's competitiveness.  With a relatively small investment, some working prototypes could be developed for demonstrating intelligent materials' potential for the customers during marketing events. This could help Golla add its brand value and profile itself as a pioneer of functional mobile bags and a visionaire of future products.
This book provides a clear and understandable text for users and developers of advanced engineered materials, particularly in the area of thin films, and addresses fundamentals of modifying the optical, electrical, photo-electric, triboligical, and corrosion resistance of solid surfaces and adding functionality to solids by engineering their surface, structure, and electronic, magnetic and optical structure. Thin film applications are emphasized. Through the inclusion of multiple clear examples of the technologies, how to use them,and the synthesis processes involved, the reader will gain a deep understanding of the purpose, goals, and methodology of surface engineering and engineered materials. Virtually every advance in thin film, energy, medical, tribological materials technologies has resulted from surface engineering and engineered materials. Surface engineering involves structures and compositions not found naturally in solids and is used to modify the surface properties of solids and involves application of thin film coatings, surface functionalization and activation, and plasma treatment. Engineered materials are the future of thin film technology. Engineered structures such as superlattices, nanolaminates, nanotubes, nanocomposites, smart materials, photonic bandgap materials, metamaterials, molecularly doped polymers and structured materials all have the capacity to expand and increase the functionality of thin films and coatings used in a variety of applications and provide new applications. New advanced deposition processes and hybrid processes are being used and developed to deposit advanced thin film materials and structures not possible with conventional techniques a decade ago. Properties can now be engineered into thin films that achieve performance not possible a decade ago.
Magnetophotoresistance in Pr[1−x]Ca[x]MnO[3] thin films
Plates and shells for smart structures : classical and advanced theories for modelling and analysis
Electrically tunable microwave devices using BST-LTCC thick films
Smart textiles for designers : inventing the future of fabrics
Post trail running race recovery enhancing apparel
"Plates and Shells for Smart Structures firstly gives an overview of classical plate and shell theories for piezoelectric elasticity, demonstrating their limitations in static and dynamic analysis with a number of example problems. The authors then go on to explain how these limitations can be overcome with the use of the more advanced models that have been developed in recent years; introducing theories able to consider electromechanical couplings as well as those that provide appropriate interface continuity conditions for both electrical and mechanical variables. They provide both analytical and finite element solutions, thus enabling the reader to compare the strong and weak solutions to problems.Plates and Shells for Smart Structures is accompanied by dedicated software MUL2 that is used to obtain the numerical solutions in the book, allowing the reader to reproduce the examples given in the book as well as to solve other problems of their own"--
Nanowires and nanobelts : materials, properties and devices. Vol. 1, Metal and semiconductor nanowires
Healing jewellery, thought transmitter jewellery & personal space jewellery : imaginary jewellery futures concepts combining technology and bioarts
Designing learning tools : methodological insights
One of the more exciting realities of 21st-century life is that objects are now able with the help of embedded technology to sense, think, act and communicate. Very soon, every building, city and landscape component will be equipped with communicative and computational capacities: we shall be surrounded by sentient architecture. This book documents the role of architecture in shaping this new reality in multiple research trajectories launched and guided by the authors at The University of Toronto, MIT, Harvard Graduate School of Design and the University of Hong Kong. The projects establish an interdisciplinary platform involving artists, designers, scientists and engineers spanning different institutions and continents in a technological approach to spatial problems that is attuned to the dynamics of living systems.
Smart technologies
Nanofabrication and adsorption studies of organic molecules on metal and metal alloy surfaces as templates for biofunctional applications
Functional optical fibers : organic and hybrid structures
Designing fabric interactions : a study of knitted fabrics as an electronic interface medium
Supermaterials : inspiring sustainable materials for the concept elevator car of the 2020
Functional and physical properties of polymer nanocomposites
"Plates and Shells for Smart Structures firstly gives an overview of classical plate and shell theories for piezoelectric elasticity, demonstrating their limitations in static and dynamic analysis with a number of example problems"--
Reverse rotogravure printing technology combines electronics and paper
Experiencing life together : a cooperative CLIL course on social psychology
Fashion futures
Fashioning technology : a DIY intro to smart crafting
Tehcno textiles : revolutionary fabrics for fashion and design
In search for Avanto : a collection for the cold-water scuba divers with an infrared heating system
Smart building systems for architects, owners, and builders
Dynamics of smart structures
Introduction to surface engineering and functionally engineered materials
Fabrication of advanced LTCC structures for microwave devices
Experiences from designing a wearable interface for an interaction through breathing
Smart clothing : technology and applications
Polyviologens : electrochemical synthesis and characterization
Lanthanide and transition metal complexes as building blocks for supramolecular functional materials
Smart polymers and their applications
Self-healing materials : fundamentals, design strategies, and applications
Nanowires and nanobelts : materials, properties and devices. Vol. 2, Nanowires and nanobelts of functional materials
Nano materials in architecture, interior architecture and design
Designing for emerging technologies : UX for genomics, robotics, and connected environments
Multifunctional superhydrophobic nanoparticle coatings for cellulose-based substrates by liquid flame spray
Carrying Solutions for Mobile Devices : Concept Design
Functionalized polyurethane-based films and coatings
