http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2120 fertilisers
fertilisers
The control of soil fertility
Feed ingredients and fertilizers for farmed aquatic animals : sources and compostion
Fundamentals of soil science
Kotka-Phosphate : its use in practice and its value as a fertilizer
Reduction of odorants in swine manure by carbohydrate and bacterial amendments
Executive summary (s. 9).
Treatment and use of sewage sludge and liquid agricultural wastes
Biosolids and meat and bone meal (MBM) are commonly used as fertilizers in agriculture, often at application rates where total phosphorus (P) far exceeds the annual demand. In a pot experiment, three biosolids and two types of MBM were tested at two commonly used application rates. Their contributions to P uptake in ryegrass (second and third season) were compared with annual mineral P fertilization. The soil was analysed for extractable P (PAL and POlsen). Only soil amended with digested, limed biosolids provided a P uptake in ryegrass the third season comparable to annual NPK fertilization. Bone-rich MBM had considerable contributions to third season P uptake in soil with pH < 6. The product application rates did not influence P uptake significantly for any of the products. POlsen was found suitable to describe residual effects on soil P solubility, whereas the PAL-method was not applicable for MBM fertilized soils.
Spatially optimal steady state phosphorus policies in crop production
We conducted a pot experiment to study the fertilization effects of four N- and P-rich organic waste resources alone and in combination with K-rich bottom wood ash at two application rates (150 kg N ha-1 + 120 kg K ha-1, 300 kg N ha-1 + 240 kg K ha-1). Plant-available N was the growth-limiting factor. 48-73% of N applied with meat and bone meal (MBM) and composted fish sludge (CFS) was taken up in aboveground biomass, resulting in mineral fertilizer equivalents (MFE%) of 53-81% for N uptake and 61-104% for yield. MFE% of MBM and CFS decreased for increasing application rates. Two industrial composts had weak N fertilization effects and are to be considered soil conditioners rather than fertilizers. Possible P and K fertilization effects of waste resources were masked by the soil's ability to supply plant-available P and K, but effects on plant-available P and K contents in soil suggest that the waste resources may have positive effects under more nutrient-deficient conditions.
Nutrient content and fertilizer value of livestock manure with special reference to cow manure
Fertilizer use in African agriculture : lessons learned and good practice guidelines
Properties of ammonium nitrate based fertilisers
Anaerobic dry fermentation of dried chicken manure and kitchen waste
China's fertilizer economy
The uptake by and subsequent translocation of selenium (Se) within the plant is dependent on its chemical from and soil properties that dictate this trace element's bioavailability. Plant species differ in their tendency to accumulate Se. Se taken-up by plants is returned to soil in plant residues, but the bioavailability of organic Se in those residues is poorly known. We investigated the impact of inorganic (Na2SeO4), organic (Se-enriched stem and leaf residues) Se applications and also soil microbial respiration on the growth and Se concentrations of various plant organs of oilseed rape (Brassica napus L.) during its development from the rosette to the seed filling stage. Both inorganic and organic Se slightly improved plant growth and enhanced plant development. Inorganic Se was more bioavailable than the organic forms and resulted in 3-fold to 6-fold higher Se concentrations in the siliques. Inorganic Se in autoclaved soil tended to elevate the Se concentration in all plant parts and at all growth stages. The organic Se raised Se concentrations in plants much less effectively than the inorganic selenate. Therefore, the use of inorganic Se is still recommended for biofortification.
Marginal abatement costs for reducing leaching of nitrates in Croatian agriculture
Analysing nutrient values of fermented biowaste leachate
Experiences of dry sanitation in Southern Africa
Fertiliser recommendations for agricultural and horticultural crops
Yield and quality of vegetables fertilized with human urine and wood ash
Meat and bone meal as a nitrogen and phosphorus fertilizer for ryegrass
Physiological aspects of plant phosphorus in relation to its acquisition from the soil by crop plants : paper presented to The International Fertiliser Society at a conference in Cambridge, on 14th December 2006
The aim of this study was to determine the effect of meat and bone meal (MBM) used as an organic fertilizer on maize grown for grain. A two-factorial field experiment in a randomized block design was carried out in 2010 and 2011, in north-eastern Poland. Experimental factor I was MBM dose (1.0, 1.5, 2.0 and 2.5 t ha-1 year-1), and experimental factor II was the year of the study (two consecutive years). Increasing MBM doses contributed to an increase in maize grain yield and 1000-grain weight. The yield-forming effect of MBM applied at 1.5 t ha-1 year-1 was comparable with that of nitrogen and phosphorus contained in mineral fertilizers. A dose of 2.5 t ha-1 MBM led to a significant increase in maize grain yield. The P and K content of maize grain was determined by MBM dose, whereas the concentrations of N, Mg and Ca in grain were not affected by MBM dose. Significantly higher N, P, K and Mg uptake by maize plants was observed in treatments with the highest MBM dose, compared with the control tratment. Nitrogen and phosphorus uptake per 1 t MBM reached 101 kg and 26 kg, respectively. The results of a two-year study show that the maximum MBM dose (2.5 t ha-1 year-1) met the fertilizer requirements of maize with respect to nitrogen and phosphorus.
Statistics of crop responses to fertilizers
Fertilization effects of organic waste resources and bottom wood ash: results from a pot experiment
Wastewater treatment and use in agriculture
Guide to laboratory establishment for plant nutrient analysis
Meat bone meal as fertiliser for barley and oat
Fertilizer use by crop
Microfibril angle and density patterns of fertilized and irrigated Norway spruce
Effects of selenium supplemented commercial fertilizers on food selenium contents and selenium intake in Finland
Effect of forest fertilization on the nitrogen content of Vaccinium myrtillys L.
Western fertilizer handbook : horticulture edition
Handbook of microbial biofertilizers
Enriching the earth : Fritz Haber, Carl Bosch, and the transformation of world food production
Spring barley yield and nitrogen recovery after application of peat manure and pig slurry
Combination of biological and physico-chemical factors in the development of manure nutrient recovery and recycling-oriented technology
Agrochemicals in soils
Area-wide integrated recycling of pig effluent in Thailand : effluent treatment and handling
Green manure in rice farming : proceedings of a symposium on sustainable agriculture : the role of green manure crops in rice farming systems, 25-29 May 1987.
Flytgödsel till vall = Slurry applied to grass and mixed ley
Effects of nutrient applications on fine-root dynamics and root/rhizosphere chemistry in a Norway spruce stand
Increasing fertilizer use in Africa : what have we learned?
Advances in plant and animal boron nutrition : proceedings of the 3rd International Symposium on all Aspects of Plant and Animal Boron Nutrition
Current world fertilizer trends and outlook to 2007/08
Urea and urea phosphate fertilizers
Fate of phosphorus in soil during a long term fertilization experiment in southern Finland
Crop management and postharvest handling of horticultural products. Vol. 3, Crop fertilization, nutrition and growth
Fertilizers and fertilization : introduction and practical guide to crop fertilization
Prevention of environmental pollution from agricultural activity
Sittig's handbook of pesticides and agricultural chemicals
Promotion plan for fertilizer business in Viet Nga Ltd, Co. in Dong Thap Province, Viet Nam
Our soils and their management : (an introduction to soil and water conservation)
Urine as a fertilizer for lettuce grown in greenhouse conditions
Workshop Towards and [i.e. an] Ecologically Sound Fertilisation in Field Vegetable Production : 11-14 September, Wageningen, The Netherlands
Effect of Bacillus subtilis on phosphorus uptake by cucumber as affected by iron oxides and the solubility of the phosphorus source
Yield and quality of winter oilseed rape (Brassica napus L.) seeds in response to foliar application of boron
Plant nutrition : manual
Farm chemicals handbook 1988 : buyers' guide, application equipment, fertilizer trade names, fertilizer dictionary, pesticide dictionary
The soil and its fertility
Lihaluujauho kauran lannoitteena : teurastamoteollisuuden sivutuote lannoitteeksi = Meat and bone meal as fertilizer for oats : from slaughter house waste to fertilizer
Effects of band placement and nitrogen rate on dry matter accumulation, yield and nitrogen uptake of cabbage, carrot and onion
Low grain protein often restricts the use of grain lots for milling in Finland. Nitrogen availability during grain-filling may restrict grain protein accumulation, particularly in high yielding environments. Slow-release fertilizers could potentially sustain nitrogen availability during the grain-filling period. The aim of this study was to increase plant nitrogen uptake, grain yield and grain protein response of spring wheat cultivar "Amaretto", using combinations of a regular and slow-release compound NPK fertilizer. Fertilizer treatment effects on grain yield was modest, however, slow-release fertilizer treatments lowered grain protein content as well as grain, straw and total plant N compared with control treatment. The total plant N was 10 to 27 kg ha-1 lower following application of slow-release fertilizer. The results clearly indicate that the release of N by the slow-release fertilizer tested in this trial was too slow for cool Finnish growing conditions.
The aim of the thesis was to compare the differences between three different treatments which are labeled as A, B and C, respectively. Treatments A and B contained additive products designed to enhance the fermentation process of biowaste and extract leachate. In treatment A, the additive product was in liquid form. Treatment B used the additive product that was in solid form. Treatment C contained no additive products and was used as a reference. The anaerobic digestion process of kitchen biowaste was used in this study to produce leachate. The leachate was collected and analyzed for its nutritional value as fertilizer. Chemical analysis was done to find the concentrations of Nitrogen (N), Phosphorus (P) and Potassium (K), in the leachates. The results of this study showed that Treatment B had the highest concentration of nutrients per liter compared to treatment A and treatment C. However, treatment A produced overall a greater volume of leachate compared to the other treatments. The con-centration of Total Nitrogen in the leachate was between 0,33 – 1,06 g/l. The concentration of Total Phosphorus was between 0,53 – 1,09 mg/l.  In addition, when comparing the concentration of Potassium, which was between 2,6 – 3,4 mg/l, the values seemed higher than the potassium value of separated urine carried out by EcoSanRes.
Role of fertilizer pricing policies and subsidies in agricultural development
Biotechnology in agricultural chemistry
Scared to death : from BSE to global warming - how scares are costing us the earth
Meat and bone meal and biosolids as slow-release phosphorus fertilizers
Behaviour of certain phosphorus and potassium compounds in a sedge peat soil
Environmentally sensitive production of nursery stock
Safety considerations for biotechnology : scale-up of micro-organisms as biofertilizers
Lockhart & Wiseman's crop husbandry including grassland
In this work, we examined the effects of Bacillus subtilis strain QST713 by assessing plant P uptake from variably P compound .The experiment performed involved three factors: (i) P source [KH2PO4 at 100 mg kg-1, and phosphate rock (PR) at 100 or 200 mg kg-1]; (ii) plant inoculation with QST713 (inoculated and non-inoculated); and (iii) Fe oxide (ferrihydrite) in the growth medium (0 or 300 mg kg-1 concentration of citrate-ascorbate-extractable Fe). Ferrihydrite decreased dry matter yield in plants by more than 50 %. Inoculation with QST713 increased plant growth, and total accumulation of P and P uptake in plants. Overall, QST713 increased P uptake by 40 %, the effect being independent of the presence of ferrihydrite and P source. The increased P uptake observed can be ascribed to increased solubilization of P and to increased root growth.. Therefore, QST713 improves P nutrition in plants grown on media with a high P adsorption capacity irrespective of the solubility of the P compound.
Soil fertility and fertilizers
Nutrient management legislation in European countries
Selenium inclusion in fertilisers to correct an inadequate national dietary intake
Alleviating soil fertility constraints to increased crop production in West Africa
Fertilizer requirements in 2015 and 2030
Phosphorus in Finnish soils in the 1900s with particular reference to the acid ammonium acetate soil test
Cadmium in Fertilizers - risks to human health and the environment
A world without bees
Price prospects for major primary commodities 1988-2000.. Vol. 2, Food products, fertilizers, agricultural raw materials
Effects of sulphur and nitrogen on boreal forest vegetation, soils and nutrient uptake = Virkninger av svovel og nitrogen på boreal skogvegetasjon, jordsmonn og nœringsopptak
Response of soil fauna to fertilization and manipulation of pH in coniferous forests
Handbook of soil conditioners : substances that enhance the physical properties of soil
Fertilizers for greenhouse and garden crops
This paper presents the results of a 3-year field experiment conducted on soil with moderate levels of boron (B) in north-eastern Poland to determine the influence of foliar application of B (0, 150 and 300 g ha-1) on the yield components, yield, mineral composition, nutritional value and feed value of winter oilseed rape seeds. Foliar application of B at the beginning of bud formation in winter oilseed rape increased seed yield by 0.19 (3%) at the lower B fertilization level to 0.26 Mg ha-1 (4%) at the higher B fertilization level. The observed increase in the yield of winter oilseed rape seeds in response to foliar application of B can be attributed to this micronutrient's positive influence on seed production in siliques. Foliar fertilization with B increased B content and decreased Zn and Fe levels in the seeds of winter oilseed rape. When B fertilizer was applied at the rate of 150-300 g ha-1, the N and Ca content of the evaluated seeds increased. The fertilizer improved the nutritional value (crude fat content, fatty acid concentrations) of seeds, but deteriorated their feed value (total protein content, acid detergent fiber concentrations, neutral detergent fiber concentrations, quantitative and qualitative composition of glucosinolates)..
The markets for diammonium phosphate in France and Ireland
Liquid gold : the lore and logic of using urine to grow plants
Energy in plant nutrition and pest control
Animal manure on grassland and fodder crops : fertilizer or waste ? : proceedings of an International symposium of the European Grassland Federation, Wageningen, The Netherlands, 31 August-3 september 1987
Recycling of wood- and peat-ash – a successful way to establish full plant cover and dense birch stand on a cut-away peatland
The phosphorus index tool for assessing phosphorus transfer from agricultural areas in Norway
Fertilization of dryland and irrigated soils
Proceedings of the VIth International Symposium on Mineral Nutrition of Fruit Crops
The science of soils and manures
In the next few decades, industrial peat extraction will cease gradually over more than 80,000 hectares of cutaway peatlands in Ireland and alternative land uses will change the landscape of these areas. This study showed that substantial natural regeneration of downy birch (Betula pubescens) can occur on abandoned as well as cutaway peatlands afforested with conifers.Natural seedling birch stands measured in this study had an estimated biomass production of between 3100 and 5800 kg dry matter ha-1 year-1. This corresponded to an annual carbon stock increment estimated at between 1500 and 2900 kg C ha-1.Direct sowing experiments conducted in this study were the first of their kind in Ireland and showed that sowing downy birch and fertilization with P and K could be a possible management option for the after-use of cutaway peatlands.Exposure was the main obstacle to successful germination and artificial shelter led to higher rates of germination and survival of birch seedlings after the first winter. It can be concluded that birch (naturally or artificially established) can be a feature of this future landscape, bringing many attributes: nurse species, biomass, increased woodland cover and biodiversity..
The traditional production of mineral N and P fertilisers is unsustainable due its reliance on fossil fuels in the case of N, and on limited mineral resource stocks in the case of P. The use of alternative or complementary fertilisers that originate from organic waste materials is gaining interest. Organic farms, especially arable organic farms without livestock, need usable sources of plant nutrients. Meat bone meal (MBM), a potential organic fertiliser for agricultural crops, contains considerable amounts of nutrients (on average 8% N, 5% P, 1% K and 10% Ca). In EU countries, Commission regulation (EC) No 181/2006 authorised the use of MBM as an organic fertiliser. In this study, MBM was compared to conventional mineral NPK fertiliser. Two randomised complete block split-plot field experiments were conducted: one with spring barley (Hordeum vulgare) in two years; and another with oat (Avena sativa) for three years, including a fourth year of testing for residual effect. Compared to mineral fertiliser (20% N, 3% P and 9% K), MBM was applied at three N levels: 60, 90 and 120 kg N ha-1. The grain yield of both cereal species supported by MBM, did not differ from the yield obtained with the mineral fertiliser at any N level. At 120 kg N ha-1, the grain yield level with either type was ca. 4500 kg ha-1 of barley and 5000 kg ha-1 of oat, representing fair averages for Finnish conditions. Moreover, MBM and mineral fertilisation showed no differences in quality in terms of 1000-grain weight, test-weight, protein content and protein yield. Since MBM has a low N/P ratio, P was applied in surplus to attain comparable N levels. Therefore MBM fertilisation should be fitted for crop rotation and for meeting environmental requirements.
Agriculture, fertilizers and the environment
Diagnosis of the nitrogen status in crops
Straw for fuel, feed and fertiliser
Irrigation with treated sewage effluent : management for environmental protection
Meat and bone meal as nitrogen fertilizer to cereals in Norway
Dynamics of dry matter and selenium accumulation in oilseed rape (Brassica napus L.) in response to organic and inorganic selenium treatments
Waste management : concerns and challenges
The U. C. system for producing healthy container-grown plants : through the use of clean soil, clean stock, and sanitation
Fertilizer technology and use
Dry sanitation projects in Swaziland and Zambia : final review of experiences from Msunduza, Kaloko and Madinba
Soil pH and nutrient uptake in cauliflower (Brassica oleracea L. var. botrytis) and broccoli (Brassica oleracea L. var. italica) in northern Sweden : multielement studies by means of plant and soil analyses
Effects of meat bone meal as fertilizer on yield and quality of sugar beet and carrot
Sugar-beet nutrition
Fundamental concepts of environmental chemistry
Chemicals, humus and the soil
Mobility, chemical fractionation and plant uptake of Cd, Ni and Zn in contaminated soils
World nitrogen survey
Recycling of wood- and peat-ash : a successful way to establish full plant cover and dense birch stand on a cut-away peatland
The complete compost : gardening guide
Micellar-enhanced ultrafiltration for the removal of heavy metals from phosphorous-rich wastewaters : from end-of-pipe to clean technology
The effect of increasing doses of meat and bone meal (MBM) on maize (Zea mays L.) grown for grain
Fertilisers for turf
Nutrient use in crop production
Farm chemicals handbook
Peat and its use in horticulture
Advances in plant nutrition. Volume 1
Fertile soil : a grower's guide to organic & inorganic fertilizers
Nickel-cadmium batteries. Cadmium in phosphorus fertilizers : economic instruments of control in environmental policy
Fertilizer value of urine in pumpkin (Cucurbita maxima L.) cultivation
The role of fertilizer in sustaining food security and protecting the environment to 2020
Slow-release fertilizer to increase grain N content in spring wheat
Fertilizers, crop quality and economy : proceedings of a study week on the use of fertilizers and their effect on crop growth, with emphasis on quality and economy : april 10th -16 th, 1972
Fertilizers as a source of cadmium : [OECD Cadmium Workshop, held in Saltsjöbaden, Sweden, on 16-20 October 1995]
The worldwide directory of agrobiologicals 1991/92
Seaweed in agriculture & horticulture
The potential of birch afforestation as an after-use option for industrial cutaway peatlands
Abstract: Farmers buying behavior in the trade of fertilizer, animal feedingstuff and seed.
Nitrogen, public health and the environment
Cell wall thickness and tangential and radial cell diameter of fertilized and irrigated Norway spruce
Study and analysis of feeds and fertilizers for sustainable aquaculture development
The biochar debate : charcoal's potential to reverse climate change and build soil fertility
Nitrogen fertilizer rates, N balances, and related risk of N leaching in Finnish agriculture
Effects of traffic and fertilization levels on grass yields in northern Norway
Effects of long-term fertilisation and growth on micronutrient status in Norway spruce trees
Improvement of soil fertility : Nanjing, China, April 1993.
Nutrient status and development of tree stands and vegetation on ash-fertilized drained peatlands in Finland
Meat and bone meal (MBM) is a by-product of the meat industry and is an important pathway for recycling of N and P. MBM contains about 8% N, 5% P, 1% K and 10% Ca. Field trials compared the effects of MBM and mineral  fertilizer on yield and quality of sugar beet (2008-2009) and carrot (2010-2011) in Finland. MBM fertilisation of sugar beet grown on clay loam and sandy clay soil gave 11.4% (2008) and 19.6% (2009) lower yields than mineral fertilizers. The lower root yield in 2008 was compensated by higher extractable sugar content and lower amino-N, K and Na in root but no such compensation in root quality was detected for 2009. Mixing MBM with mineral NPK fertilizers had similar effects as MBM-alone. MBM (80 kg N ha-1 2010 and 60 kg N ha-1 2011) together with K fertilizer (Patentkali®, 180 kg K ha-1) were applied for carrot to a fine sandy till soil in 2010 and sandy loam in 2011. MBM alone gave 14% lower total and marketable root yield than mineral fertilization. The lower yield was compensated by improved quality, lower NO3- content in the carrot and good storability. Adding extra fertilizer during growth or separating fertilization applications had no effect on root yield or quality. MBM performed in these cases mainly as an organic N fertilizer. The N supply from MBM is not sufficient for achieving same yields as with mineral fertilizers. The relative N efficiency of total N of MBM was 83% that of mineral fertilizers. MBM should be targeted on soils with low P status.  We conclude that MBM is a reasonably competitive alternative to mineral fertilizers, and as a recycled fertilizer it is a good option for organic production.
Integrated soil fertility management
Food security and soil quality
Cadmium in wood ash used as fertilizer in forestry: risks to the environment and human health
Physicochemical studies regarding the utilization of wood- and peat-based fly ash
Meat and bone meal as nitrogen and phosphorus supplier to cereals and oilseed rape
Life cycle inventory (LCI) of fertiliser production : fertiliser products used in Sweden and western Europe
Plant nutrition for food security : a guide for integrated nutrient management
Global fertilizer perspective, 1960-95 : the dynamics of growth and structural change
Optimization of struvite production from urine
Ash fertilization in a clearcut and in a Scots pine stand in Central Sweden : effects on soil-water and soil chemistry coupled to laboratory leachings of six ash products
The commercial greenhouse
Fertilizer technology
The purpose of this study was to evaluate the effect of meat and bone meal (MBM) on cultivation of winter triticale, winter oilseed rape, winter wheat and maize. The average annual yields and protein yield achieved in crop rotation were studied. The field trials were carried out in north-eastern Poland in 2006-2010. The factor was dose of MBM: 1.0, 1.5, 2.0 and 2.5 t ha-1 year-1 or 2.0, 3.0, 4.0 and 5.0 t ha-1 every other year. The four-year experiment has proven that MBM is a valuable nitrogen and phosphorus fertilizer in cultivation of cereals and oilseed rape. By amendment of the tested meal into the soil it produced crop yield and protein yield similar to that achieved by mineral fertilization. However, the crude fat yield of rape was significantly higher under the influence of all the MBM doses. The yield-stimulating effect of MBM did not depend on the frequency of its application; therefore it is more convenient to apply it once every two years. Increasing MBM from 1.5 to 2.5 t ha-1 did not significantly increase any of the four crop yields, therefore for soils that had satisfactory nutrients content, 1 or 1.5 t ha-1 MBM is enough and increasing MBM will only increase economic burden for farmers and environmental risks.
Requirement for magnesium fertilization in Finland
