http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2125 child development
child development
Human growth and development : a psychological approach
Handbook of infant development
Readings in social development
Play : its role in development and evolution
Rethinking residential child care : positive perspectives
Intellectual disability in the Northern Finland Birth Cohort 1986
Father loss : daughters discuss the man that got away
A primer of infant development
Teaching and personality
Advances in infancy research. 1
As the daughter of a drug dealer, Wavy knows not to trust people, not even her own parents. It's safer to keep her mouth shut and stay out of sight. Struggling to raise her little brother, Donal, eight-year-old Wavy is the only responsible adult around. Obsessed with the constellations, she finds peace in the starry night sky above the fields behind her house, until one night her star gazing causes an accident. After witnessing his motorcycle wreck, she forms an unusual friendship with one of her father's thugs, Kellen, a tattooed ex-con with a heart of gold. By the time Wavy is a teenager, her relationship with Kellen is the only tender thing in a brutal world of addicts and debauchery. When tragedy rips Wavy's family apart, a well-meaning aunt steps in, and what is beautiful to Wavy looks ugly under the scrutiny of the outside world. Kellen may not be innocent, but he is the fixed point in Wavy and Donal's chaotic universe. Instead of playing it safe, Wavy has to learn to fight for Kellen, for her brother, and for herself.
Reading development during elementary school years : evidence from eye movements
Development of the child
The zones of proximal development in children's play
Child development
Child care in the family : a review of research and some propositions for policy
The Blissful Toddler Expert : the complete guide to calm parenting and happy toddlers
Annual progress in child psychiatry and child development. 1978
Musical activities and the development of neural sound discrimination
This collection of critical essays, originally published in "Pragmatics and Society" 1:2 (2010), discusses how normative biases that shape our relation to the world are constructed through discursive practice in media discourse. The intertextual perspective it adopts is crucial for our understanding of how media representations of speakers and languages shape many of our preconceptions of others. Mediatization is inherently intertextual; the very nature of this process involves extracting the speech behavior of particular speakers or groups from a highly specific context and refracting and reshaping it to be inserted in another stream of representation. The notion of intertextuality becomes a useful concept for the linguistic anthropological study of media discourse in the context of modernity, as it provides us with a tool for exploring the semiotic processes that underlie the way in which the media negotiate and reinscribe the complex relationships of identity that characterize late modern subjecthood.
Gifted and talented children 4-11 : understanding and supporting their development
The psychological aspects of child development
Home lingual environment effect on development : of child's language in multilingual daycare
The pre-school programme for the six-years-old
What we learn from children
The effects of bilingualism on development during early childhood : a survey of the literature
Children's reading choices
Play in animals and humans
Activity analysis, creativity and playfulness in pediatric occupational therapy : making play just right
Promotion of child growth in Vietnam : case study: an application of the PRECEDE-PROCEED-model to assess needs for an intervention
In celebration of play : an integrated approach to play and child development
Early prediction of reading : phonological awareness and related language and cognitive skills in children with a familial risk for dyslexia
Young children's learning : a curriculum for three and four year olds
From birth to five years : children's developmental progress
The first year of life : psychological and medical implications of early experience
Helping troubled children
Promoting child development and mental health in adult psychiatric care : a nurses' perspective
Abstract: This functional final thesis was done in co-operation with the Lutheran Evangelical Association of Finland (LEAF). The aim of the thesis was to provide a tool for Sunday school teachers and other educators to support a childʼs moral development. The moral view in the Ten Commandments in a Childʼs Everyday Life curriculum is based on the Bible and Lutheran doctrine about the Ten Commandments. As the main method the curriculum presents ten imaginative stories from the everyday lives of children, giving examples of how the Commandments could be encountered in a childʼs life. In addition, the curriculum provides paper puppets with background scenes and symbol cards to go along with the stories, as well as suggestions for the teachers for songs and crafts.   The theoretical framework of this thesis is the moral development of children. The different parts of the curriculum have been planned to teach the Ten Commandments through methods that are suitable for children under seven years old. The aim of keeping the full Lutheran Catechismal form of the Commandments set a real challenge for the curriculum targeting children of a wide age range. Therefore, the curriculum was developed even further during the process of the thesis to better meet the developmental needs of different age groups.   The product was tested in two testing rounds in several different groups: in the first round in a LEAFʼs family camp and in one Sunday school group, in the second round in two LEAFʼs Sunday school groups. Based on the feedback received from the second round of testing, the material was found to be supportive for the moral development of children. However, the whole extent of the curriculum was not tested in the second round. Therefore, the feedback cannot be fully applied to the material.   The tool also received developmental ideas that were not implemented as a part of this thesis process. However, these ideas can be used as the starting point for further development in the future. The feedback gave ideas for how the curriculum could be developed to make it even more suitable for the youngest children in the group. Ideas were also given to make the material more organized and manageable for such a short lesson time.
My friends = Mis amigos
Your child at play : three to five years : conversations, creativity, and learning letters, words, and numbers
The encyclopedia of human development and education : theory, research and studies
The sociology of child development
Sociologies of childhood and educational thinking
Study guide for Cole and Cole's The Development of children
Processing of sound rise time in children and adults with and without reading problems
Development of functional asymmetries in young infants : a sensory-motor approach
Brain oscillatory responses, working memory and cognitive delopmental stages in 11- 14 -year old children : an ERD/ERS study
The graveyard book
Maternal sensitive responsiveness, characteristics and relations to child early communicative and linguistic development
Children with autism : a developmental perspective
Genetics of children's bone growth
Readings in child development
The health of our children : decennial supplement : the Registrar General's decennial supplement for England and Wales
The use of context in pragmatic language comprehension in normally developing children and children with Asperger syndrome/high-functioning autism : an application of relevance theory
The Palgrave handbook of childhood studies
Blackwell handbook of infant development
The child from five to ten
Pathways to reading acquisition : effects of early skills, learning environment and familial risk for dyslexia
Child development and education in Japan
What is a child?
Play and development : a symposium
Vocalisation and feeding skills in extremely preterm infants:an intensive follow-up from birth to first word and first step
A complex case : a morphosyntactic approach to complexity in early child language
"Peer Groups and Children's Development" considers the experiences of school aged children with their peer groups and its implications for their social, personal and intellectual development. This book: focuses on the peer group experiences of children attending school in Western societies, from five years of age through to adolescence; considers peer groups in classrooms, friendships made within and outside of school, and the groups that children participate in for extra curricular activities; and, includes a final summary which brings together the significant implications for theory, policy and practice. This book is unique in that no other volume reviews and integrates literature relating to peer groups in both classroom and out of class settings. It addresses the research interests of psychologists and educationalists, as well as the practical concerns of teachers, parents, counselors, and policy makers.
Teaching every child to read
The Wiley-Blackwell Handbook of Childhood Social Development, Second Edition presents an authoritative and up-to-date overview of research and theory concerning a child's social development from pre-school age to the onset of adolescence. * Presents the most up-to-date research and theories on childhood social development * Features chapters by an international cast of leaders in their fields * Includes comprehensive coverage of a range of disciplinary perspectives * Offers all new chapters on children and the environment, cultural influences, history of childhood, interventions, and neuro-psychological perspectives * Represents an essential resource for students and researchers of childhood social development.
Trash
Early social cognition in three cultural contexts
Theories of developmental psychology
The next level of research on electronic play : potential benefits and contextual influences for children and adolescents
SOID - A local NGO supporting the well-being of orphans
Spontaneous focusing on numerosity in the development of early mathematical skills
Growing up : a study of children
A sympathetic understanding of the child : birth to sixteen
Social learning in childhood : readings in theory and application
The developing person : through childhood
Developmental health and the wealth of nations : social, biological, and educational dynamics
Maternal responsiveness : characteristics and consequences
Understanding children's development
Key times : a framework for developing high quality provision for children from birth to three
Early intervention : the essential readings
Love and parenthood in an intercultural family
Perinatal brain damage in very preterm infants:prenatal inflammation and neurologic outcome in children born term and preterm
Blackwell handbook of early childhood development
The nature-nurture debate : the essential readings
Nepalese child labourers' life-contexts, cognitive skills and well-being
Motives in children's development : cultural-historical approaches
The effect of TV on children's drawings and vocabulary
Child psychology and development
A preterm child grows : focus on speech and language during the first two years
Your child at play : two to three years : growing up, language, and the imagination
Essential baby sign language : the most important 75 signs you can teach your baby
Deaf around the world : the impact of language
Infant development : a multidisciplinary introduction
Developmental cognitive styles : a primer to the literature including an introduction to the theory of developmentalism
Yksikammioisten sydänlasten motorisen kehityksen muutos neljän vuoden seuranta-aikana : changes in motor development during a four-year follow-up on children with univentricular heart defects
Use of art based methods in nursing for intellectually disabled children
The first four years of children's mental development : an empirical study with applications in psychology, child- and adolescent psychiatry and pediatrics
Annual progress in child psychiatry and child development. 1979
Diploma in pre-school practice
The Routledge International Handbook of Philosophies and Theories of Early Childhood Education and Care
Temporal changes in incidence and prevalence of intellectual disability between two birth cohorts in Northern Finland
Growth and development
Child psychology : growth trends in psychological adjustment
The Wiley-Blackwell handbook of childhood social development
The rise & fall of great powers : a novel
Understanding children : Behavior, motives, and thought
Child development and psychopathology
A guide to reading Piaget
Finnish Yearbook of Population Research 47
Developmental teaching
Perspectives in Infant Mental Health : Professional Publication of the World Association for Infant Mental Health
Development in early childhood : the preschool years
Ten commandments in a child's everyday life: a tool for an educator to support a child's moral development
Personality and learning : educational studies, a second level course. Block 4, The course of development
Early experiences and early behavior : implications for social development
Narrative language in typically developing children, children with specific language impairment and children with autism spectrum disorder
Mind, society and behavior
All the ugly and wonderful things : a novel
A longitudinal study of language development in four young children exposed to English and Swedish in the home
Child and youth policy programme 2012-2015
The book thief
Chidren with disabilities : a longitudinal study of child development and parent well-being
Carmichael's manual of child psychology. 1
Peer groups and children's development
There is urgent need for adults to re-think their ideas about childhood. Sociological approaches to childhood are needed as key contributions to improve basic conceptual thinking about how society works; as a matter of social justice; and as theoretical bases for educational reforms. Children have been traditionally understood in the education system as immature, incompetent, morally suspect pupils. Sociological thinking can help reconceptualise them as people to be respected; as knowledgeable, critical, competent participants in learning. Universities have an important role in providing opportunities for studients to study sociological approaches to childhood.
Development of literacy in kindergarten and primary school
Encouraging physical development through movement-play
Contesting childhood
Child psychology
Infancy to early childhood : genetic and environmental influences on developmental change
Observing development of the young child
Play and learning
Creating Physical Education Lessons for Family Childminders
The early literacy handbook : making sense of language and literacy with children birth to seven - a practical guide to the context approach
Indicators of child and youth well-being are indispensable tools for improving the lives of children. In this book, the nation's leading development researchers review the recent progress made in the measurement, collection, dissemination, and use of indicators of child and youth well-being. In addition, they identify opportunities for future research to expand and improve on the indicator data available, so as to develop greater measures of positive development. The first eleven chapters cover key indicators in the areas of health, education, social, and emotional development and then social context indicators of the family, peers, school, and the community. The book then goes on to demonstrate the use of indicators for influencing policy at the state and local levels. One chapter discusses how social indicators were used to guide welfare reform and another recounts the use of the indicators to guide local planning. The volume concludes with a discussion of summary indices of well-being and the methodological challenges of constructing such indices. Written in an accessible manner for policy makers, practitioners, and researchers concerned with children's well-being, including experts in developmental, social, community, and educational psychology, the book also serves as a supplementary text in public policy and the social sciences. The policy chapters will be of particular interest to those who use child and youth indicators to guide policy development.
Of children : an introduction to child development
Early childhood counts : a programming guide on early childhood care for development
A follow-up study of children's communicative development:associations to social-emotional and behavioural problems and competences and experienced maternal stress
The child, the family, and the outside world
Understanding children's development in the early years : questions practitioners frequently ask
Babycare : everything you need to know
Delays in the progress of developmental skills among adolescent schizophrenia patients with and without a co-morbid pervasive developmental disorder
"In the current monograph, we report on a series of eight studies in which we systematically assessed the social-cognitive skills of 1- to 3-year-old children in three diverse cultural settings. One group of children was from a Western, middle-class cultural setting in rural Canada and the other two groups were from traditional, small-scale cultural settings in rural Peru and India. In the first group of studies, we assessed 1-year-old children's most basic social-cognitive skills for understanding the intentions and attention of others: imitation, helping, gaze following, and communicative pointing. Children's performance in these tasks was mostly similar across cultural settings. In a second group of studies, we assessed 1-year-old children's skills in participating in interactive episodes of collaboration and joint attention.... In the final pair of studies, we assessed 2- to 3-year old children's skills within two symbolic system (pretense and pictorial)."--Abstract.
Encyclopedia on early childhood development
The emerging child : development through age twelve
Jo Frost's confident toddler care
Social and emotional challenges encountered in the beginning of school
Everything baby sign language book : get an early start communicating with your baby!
Child psychology in contemporary society
The Wiley-Blackwell handbook of infant development. Volume 2, Applied and policy issues
Key indicators of child and youth well-being : completing the picture
Educational psychology : a developmental approach
The psychological development of the child
From needs to competencies : a case study on the integration of a rights based approach into NGO practises
Early childhood research & practice
Developmental psychology in action
Teach your baby to sign : an illustrated guide to simple sign language for babies
Ten Commandments in a Child's Everyday Life : A tool for an Educator to Support a Child's Moral Development
The contributors to this collection employ the analytic resources of cultural-historical theory to examine the relationship between childhood and children's development under different societal conditions. In particular they attend to relationships between development, emotions, motives and identities, and the social practices in which children and young people may be learners. These practices are knowledge-laden, imbued with cultural values and emotionally freighted by those who already act in them. The book first discusses the organising principles that underpin a cultural-historical understanding of motives, development and learning. The second section foregrounds children's lives to exemplify the implications of these ideas as they are played out - examining how children are positioned as learners in pre-school, primary school and play environments. The final section uses the core ideas to look at the implementation of policy aimed at enhancing children's engagement with opportunities for learning, by discussing motives in the organisations that shape children's development.
Early development and adult cognitive function in schizophrenia and the general population : a longitudinal perspective
The storied life of A. J. Fikry : a novel
[Developmental neurology]
Applying psychology to early child development
Nora Webster : a novel
Children growing up : the development of children's personalities
The growth of the child : reflections on human development
Growing up with two languages : a practical guide
Child development in normality and psychopathologg
Childhood studies and the impact of globalization : policies and practices at global and local levels
Assessing progress in Africa toward the millennium development goals : MDG report 2013 : food security in Africa : issues, challenges and lessons
Comparing theories of child development
Your child is growing
Production of word structures : a constraint-based study of 2;6 year old Finnish children at-risk for dyslexia and their controls
Arts and skills - source of well-being : Third International Journal of Intercultural Arts Education
