http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21294 activities (functions)
activities (functions)
An activity-based conting model for university's subordinate organization : case: Sino-Finnish Centre
Understanding hypermedia : from multimedia to virtual reality / Bob Cotton & Richard Oliver
100 things to know about the human body
Inbound Logistics Solutions in a Customer-Driven Project Organization
Support for a family in grief
Building democracy in Japan
Art Libraries Society of North America [= ARLIS/NA] : moving into the 21 st century :  abstracts : 1993 annual conference, San Francisco, January 28 - February 3, 1993
Glossary of basic archival and library conservation terms : English with equivalents in Spanish, German, Italian, French and Russian / ed. By Carmen Crespo Nogueira ; compiled by the Committee on Conservation and Restoration, International Council on Archives
Conservation of library and archive materials and the graphic arts / edited by Guy Petherbridge
Human body : a children's encyclopedia
Impact of neuromodulation on cognitive and affective brain functions in humans
Frank Woodś a-level accounting
Application of the SCOR model in supply chain management
Rationale for adopting activity-based costing in hospitals : three longitudinal case studies
Lifestyle-integrated functional exercise (LiFE) program to prevent falls : trainer's manual
Abstract.
Suomen tieteellisten kirjastojen opas = Vetenskapliga bibliotek i Finland = Guide to research libraries and information services in Finland / toimittaneet Eija Niemelä & Kaija Jääskeläinen
Psychosocial coping in prolonged conflict : an ethnography of Palestinian people in the midst of ongoing volatility
Guidelines for the application of the ISBDs to the description of components parts / approved by the standing committees of the IFLA section on cataloguing and the IFLA section of serial publications
ABCs of Activity Based Management
"This book explains how Japan became a democracy. It offers a grassroots perspective and holistic understanding of Japan's democratization process and what it means for the nation today"--Provided by publisher.
5S Kaizen glossary -- 1. Introduction -- 2. The Japanese approach -- 3. Selling the vision -- 4. Sort -- 5. Straighten -- 6. Shine -- 7. Standardise - 8. Sustain -- 9. Looking beyond to day-to-day.
Biodiversity and ecosystem functioning in boreal streams:the effects of anthropogenic disturbances and naturally stressful environments
Guide for management of visual resources collections / ed. by Nancy S. Schuller
The tourist gaze 3.0
Common Cents : the ABC Performance Breakthrough : how to succeed with activity-based costing
Authority control symposium : papers presented during the 14th annual ARLIS/NA Conference, New York, N.Y., February 10, 1986 / ed. by Karen Muller
Connected by design : 7 principles for business transformation through functional integration
Motor learning and control : concepts and applications
Flexible sensor for wearable vital sign monitoring system
Dictionary of archival terminology = Dictionnaire de terminologie archivistique : English and French with equivalents in Dutch, German, Italian, Russian and Spanish / ed. by Peter Walne
Art Libraries Society of North America [=ARLIS/NA] : abstracts : 1991 Annual conference, Kansas City, Missouri, March 7-14, 1991
Moving theory into practice : digital imaging for libraries and archives / Anne R. Kenney, Oya Y. Rieger,  editors and principal authors
Handbook of industrial, work and organizational psychology. Vol. 2, Organizational psychology
Supply chain structures : coordination, information and optimization
Wireless health monitoring system : (Vital Transmitter)
Theatre needs to change. Everywhere – in its boardrooms, on its stages, throughout its repertoires – it could be so much more successful at reflecting the gender balance of the world it seeks to represent. This is a book about why change matters, its benefits – artistic, commercial, ethical and social – and how, with everyone's help, we can actually achieve it. From small shifts, such as how you run your meetings, or what's on the shelves of your school library, to rethinking concepts as huge as the art we inherit, how we attribute excellence, and the constraints we unwittingly pass on to the next generation, there are things we can all do to bring about change. In this book, you'll find provocations to help you consider your current practices and their effects, challenge unconscious biases and identify opportunities for change, plus strategies and tools to help you decide where best to focus your efforts, to convince others why change matters, and to achieve meaningful, lasting success. Eye-opening, empowering and inspiring, All Change Please is a book for anyone who loves theatre. Whether you make it, teach it, watch it or study it, everyone has their own unique part to play in helping refresh, reshape and re-imagine the industry as truly diverse, equal and inclusive.
Suomen tieteellisten kirjastojen opas = Vetenskapliga bibliotek i Finland = Guide to research libraries and information services in Finland / toimittaneet Matti Liinamaa & Eija Niemelä
Hotel management and operations
How to be an even better manager : a complete A-Z of proven techniques and essential skills
National Gallery of Canada, Canadian Centre for Visual Arts, Library and Archives : collection development policy = Musée des Beaux.Arts du Canada, Centre canadien des arts visuels, Bibliothèque et archives : politique de développement des collections
Explicit cost dynamics : an alternative to activity-based costing
Space and collections earning their keep : transformation, technologies, retooling
Skills in clinical nursing
"How is democracy made real? How does an undemocratic country create new institutions and transform its polity such that democratic values and practices become integral parts of its political culture? These are some of the most pressing questions of our times, and they are the central inquiry of Building Democracy in Japan. Using the Japanese experience as starting point, this book develops a new approach to the study of democratization that examines state, society interactions as a country adjusts its existing political culture to accommodate new democratic values, institutions, and practices. With reference to the country, s history, the book focuses on how democracy is experienced in contemporary Japan, highlighting the important role of generational change in facilitating both gradual adjustments as well as dramatic transformation in Japanese politics"--Provided by publisher.
Domestic employment effects of offshoring : empirical evidence from Finland
The cost management toolbook : a manager's guide
Energy sensing factors modulate expression of inflammatory mediators, mitochondria acetylation and drug metabolism in the liver
An illustrated history of brain function : imaging the brain from antiquity to the present
ERP solution for Novamass Ltd
Build yourself a thesaurus : a step by step guide / Elizabeth Orna
Wireless vital signs monitoring system for ubiquitous healthcare with practical tests and reliability analysis
New international dictionary of acronyms in library and information science and related fields / Henryk Sawoniak, Maria Witt
Arthur Andersen's global lessons in activity-based management
Kozier & Erb's fundamentals of nursing : concepts, process, and practice
Publishers's practical dictionary in 20 languages = Dictionnaire pratique de l'edition en 20 langues = Wörterbuch des Verlagswesens in 20 Sprachen / ed by Imre Móra
The tourist gaze : leisure and travel in contemporary societies
A journey through the human body
Mobility of corporate headquarter functions : a literature review
Introduction and installing of the advanced car kit
Construction of an institutionally aware process-oriented performance measurement system : a case study of a Finnish local government
Models and mirrors : towards an anthropology of public events
Infections, strokes, and brain : what are the outcomes?
Facilities planning
Inter-organizatinal knowledge transfer : the effects of trust on knowledge transfer
Art Libraries Society of North America [=ARLIS/NA] : abstracts : 1990 Annual conference
Industry of nature : another approach to ecology
Fractures in older people : incidence, predictors and consequences
Applying a product portfolio in activity assignment
Emotional display in argument, storytelling and teasing:a multimodal analysis
The tourist gaze
International handbook of occupational therapy interventions
Costing : an introduction : students' manual
Introduction to visual resource library automation / ed. by Arlene Zelda Richardson, Sheila Hannah
All change please : a practical guide to achieveing gender equality in theatre
Rationale for adopting activity-based costing in hospitals:three longitudinal case studies
Warehouse design : case: spare part dealership
Shaping elements while maintaining fit
Integrated Logistics Support Handbook
Cost accounting methods for construction projects in North-West Russia : case study Pöyry CM Oy
The intellectual foundation of information organization / Elaine Svenonius
Songames for sensory processing
Cost accounting : a managerial emphasis
Handbook of hospitality operations and IT
Cross-functional conflicts in new product launches in the food industry
The reminiscence handbook : ideas for creative activities with older people
Improving an order-delivery process with Process Management and Lean methodology : case: Startex Oy
Developing the efficiency of the activities by using an activity-based costing model : case: Degree Programme in International Business, Häme Polytechnic, University of Applied Sciencies
A cruise ship primer : history & operations
Health promotion activities for elderly foreigners : a study about third sector organization and their health promotional activities for elderly foreigners in the Ostrobothnia Region
Characterisation of wearable and implantable physiological measurement devices
Outdoor recreation for 21st century America : a report to the nation: the national survey on recreation and the environment
Living arrangements and their association to physical function at the ages of 90 and over
Activityscape mapping : consumer activity systems as service context
Purchasing and materials management
Evaluating and improving the budgeting process of a small theatre group
Introduction to hospitality management
Towards an ABC based integrated costing system : an initial model
AACR 2 goes public / publ. by the Art Libraries Society of North America
Art Libraries Society of North America [=ARLIS/NA] : [abstracts] : 17th Annual Conference, Phoenix, Arizona, March 22-30, 1989
Green supply chain management practices and firm performance : evidence from Finland
A survey of user experience regarding sales and recurring invoicing processes
Foundations of nursing practice : themes, concepts, and frameworks
Library security / a select, annotated bibliography prepared by William R. Treese for the Art Libraries Society of North America
Activity-based costing in cost management : the impact of KONE PSR on sales overhead costs
Covers over 60 essential topics across the three key areas in which any manager needs to be competent: managing people; managing activities and processes; and managing and developing yourself. This book provides guidelines that can help you to develop a broad base of managerial skills and knowledge.
Dictionary of archival terminology = Dictionnaire de terminologie archivistique : English and French ; with equivalents in Dutch, German, Italian, Russian and Spanish / edited by Peter Walne
Total facility management
The texture of life : occupations and related activities
PJP Metsäexpertit Oy is a medium-sized forestry company operating in Pirkanmaa region. The company's main operations are harvesting and bio energy fuel logging, including forwarding. In addition to the main operations PJP carries out support functions such as drawing up of harvesting work schedules, repair and maintenance operations as well as coordination of their sub-contractors' work. On top of the current business operations, PJP is becoming a spare part dealer and contract maintenance service provider for Swedish forestry machine manufacturer Eco Log. Embarking on this new field of business requires planning and designing. The most important needs at this stage for PJP are to have the spare part storage layout and stock location scheme as well as basic warehouse operations designed. Hence, the goal of the design work is to recommend a storage layout solution which meets overall objectives and company requirements as well as create functional and efficient basic warehouse operations and stock location scheme according to the company's specific situation.   The layout model recommended in this thesis was achieved by defining the characteristics of the stored materials, choosing the suitable storage method and techniques and taking into consideration the limitations and opportunities of the space. The recommended layout is static small and medium-sized spare part storage with shelving and lockers as the main storage devices. This solution reaches the overall objectives of an economical storage which enables efficient use of space and material handling, provides flexibility required in the changing business environment as well as adheres to the case company specific requirements. Acquiring of the storage fitting, accessories and equipment according to the recommendations further increases the overall functionality and efficiency of the layout. The designing of the basic warehouse operations includes receiving, storage, picking, packing and shipping activities. The company's ERP system is an essential tool along with the stock location scheme to enable efficient operations. The stock location scheme is based on the recommended storage layout and each stock location is identified with a unique code. The objective of efficient yet economical warehousing is reached with the right systems and procedures in place and with suitable equipment. In addition to the procedures and systems presented in the thesis, it is recommended that in the future PJP considers the use of bar coding in its warehouse operations since it can offer many benefits in terms of information accuracy and overall operational efficiency.
Principles of cognitive neuroscience
The throat and its functions in swallowing, breathing and the production of the voice
An integrated performance measurement system for the break bulk shipping eco-system in the Baltic sea
The perfect secretary : a complete handbook for international secretaries working in English / by Elizabeth Pryse
Art Libraries Society of North America [=ARLIS/NA] : conference abstracts : 16th Annual conference, Dallas, Texas, February 4-11. 1988
Occupation-based activity analysis
World guide to libraries = Internationales Bibliotheks-Handbuch
Functional limitations and quality of life in schizophrenia and other psychotic disorders
Events feasibility and development : from strategy to operations
Tourism economics : concepts and practices
Project closure activities and challenges : a case study
