http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21279 textualisation
textualisation
Sensualities/textualities and technologies : writings of the body in 21st century performance
Resume in English.
The forgotten Kanteletar : collecting and publishing practices of oral lyric poetry in the 19th century
Behind the text : reconstructing the voice of a singer
Textuality and sexuality : reading theories and practices
This volume presents a collection of polemic essays arguing that theories of reading are informed by sexual images, that practices of reading are inevitably sexualized, and that both sexuality and gender are themselves interpreted as texts. Firstly, the contributors speculate on the meaning of "textuality". Secondly, they turn to the question of defining woman, and consider why one should want to use or to question the word "woman" in view of the pitfalls and pleasures associated with it. Next, they address the issue of feminism. The account is selective but sets out to give a flavour of some debates and of ways in which theories of textuality must invade any account of feminist thinking. After feminism the book turns to "men's studies". The contributors sample a range of issues such as how and why some women are made "masculine", the role of initiatory rites in the construction of the ideologies of manhood, the problematics of the display of effeminacy, the dialectical counter-model for the West of the Hindu concept of man, and issues in homosexuality. Michael Worton and Judith Still also wrote "Intertextuality".
Variation, textuality and thick corpus
Nationalism and universalism in the reception of the Kalevala / Pertti Anttonen
Processes of representation and adaptation of tradition
"God spoke different things" : oral tradition and the interpretive community
FFSS99, Workshop I : the politics of textualisation
Handing down and writing down : gaps and continuities in a performing tradition
Why is Aino not described as a black maiden? : : reflections on the textual presentations by Elias Lönnrot in the Kalevala and the Kanteletar
Textualization of oral epics
Why: the politics of textualisation?
Writing culture for whom? : challenges for 21st century ethnography
Entangled subjects : indigenous/Australian cross-cultures of talk, text, and modernity
Abstract.
"Do not, folk of the future, bring up a child crookedly!" : moral intervention and other textual practices by Elias Lönnrot
Oral art forms and their passage into writing
Obscure hands - trusted men : textualization, the office of the city scribe and the written management of information and communication of the council of Reval (Tallinn) before 1460
Folklore research and the construction of identity : a South American view
Cooking and cookbooks in nineteenth-century Finland : changes in cooking methods, recipe writing, anf food textualization / Maarit Knuuttila
Authorship and textuality : the Kalevipoeg as epic landscape
Tradition and heritage in ethnological practice and theory
Textual trails from oral to written sources : an introduction
On the problem of truth in ethnographic texts and entextualisation processes
The Cambridge companion to textual scholarship
Dialogue and negotiation in the field
Effects of the dominant ideology on the collecting and editing of folklore : experiences in China
The textualization of oral tradition and its modern contextualization in Finland. / Pertti Anttonen
Safeguarding and the use of archive materials
Voices of family history : problems of the textualisation strategy
Art and text
The Kalevala epic in modern Finland - an issue of textualization and representation
The changing political context of the field : Georgia
Lönnrot's textualisation of the Kalevala
