http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21272 Chrysomelidae
Chrysomelidae leaf beetles
AFLP analysis of genetic differentiation in Galerucella nymphaeae species complex : species and habitat races
Interspecific differences in the susceptibility of adult leaf beetles (Col., Chrysomelidae) to predation by willow warblers (Phylloscopus trochilus)
Distribution and spread of bark beetles (Coleoptera: Scolytidae) around the Gulf of Finland : a comparative study with notes on rare species of Estonia, Finland and North-Western Russia
Check-list of Chrysolomidae of south east Asia, south of Thailand and west of Irian-Jaya of Indonesia, VIII. Hispinae
Results of the zoological missions to Australia of the Regional Museum of Natural Sciences of Turin, Italy. 2
Carabus (Coleoptera: Carabidae) assemblages of native forests and non-native plantations in Northern China
Phylogenetic analysis of the subtribe Rutelina and revision of the Rutela generic groups (Coleoptera: Scarabaeidae: Rutelinae: Rutelini)
The community of coprophagous beetles
Five new records, new localities and new host plants for the Turkish flea-beatle fauna (Coleoptera: Chrysomelidae: Alticinae)
Biodiversity of agricultural landscapes in Finland
Chrysomelidae in the Arctic
Criocerinae from the Ethiopian region (Coleoptera, Chrysomelidae)
Biology and phylogeny of the Cassidinae Gyllenhal sensu lato (tortoise and leaf-mining beetles) (Coleoptera, Chrysomelidae)
Feeding preference of Coccinella hieroglyphica (Col., Coccinellidae) for eggs of three chrysomelid beetles
Leaf beetle feeding patterns on and variable plant quality in Betulaceous and Salicaceous hosts
Revision of the genus Phalops Erichson, 1848 (Coleoptera: Scarabaeidae: Onthophagini)
Carabid beetle (Coleoptera: Carabidae) communities in a woodland habitat in Hungary
Diet specialization among endemic forest dung beetles in Madagascar
First International Alticinae Symposium, Munich, 11-15 August 1980.
Beetles in polypores of the Moscow region : checklist and ecological notes
A morphologic study of Altica oleracea (Linnaeus, 1758) and A. deserticola (Weise, 1889) (Coleoptera: Chrysomelidae: Alticinae)
Olfactory recognition and behavioural avoidance of angiosperm non-host volatiles by conifer bark beetles
Longitarsus ozbeki sp. n., a new species from Asia Minor (Coleoptera: Chrysomelidae: Alticinae)
Insects reared from logging residue on clear-cuts
Reports from the Kevo Subarctic Research Station. Vol. 22, 1998.
Diversity of Chrysomelidae (Coleoptera) at a mountain range in the limit of the Eurosiberian region, northwest Spain : species richness and beta diversity
Insects of Iran : the list of Coleoptera in the insect collection of Plant Pests & Diseases Research Institute. 24, Coleoptera: Scarabaeoidea:Group: Laparosticti: Fam. 39, 40, 44, 46: (Geotrupidae, Hybosoridae, Orphnidae, Scarabaeidae and Aphodiidae)
Some surprising discoveries of Chrysolina relucens (Coleoptea,Chrysomelidae) on the White Sea Shore,in Siberia and in the Far East
