http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p212 public servants
public servants government officials
From the active to the enabling state : the changing role of top officials in European nations
New public managers in Europe : public servants in transition
Abstract: Transnationalisation, group interests  and Finland's negotiations with European Union.
From Max Weber : essays in sociology
The magistrates of the Roman Republic. Vol. 1, 509 B.C. - 100 B.C
Service in the field : the world of front-line public servants
The Budget-maximizing bureaucrat : appraisals and evidence
The king's magnates : prolegomena to the study of the highest officials of the Neo-Assyrian empire
Venality : the sale of offices in eighteenth-century France
Principal selection processes in eight Finnish municipalities
Hell's corner
The European administration : research
War game / writer: Jack Thorne
Allocation of pension : explanatory memorandum, rules and tables prepared by the Government Actuary
Police and state in Prussia, 1815-1850
Councillors and civil servants in the Ukrainian self-government = Radnyky ta deršavni službovci v ykraïnc'komu samovrjaduvanni
Rumpole misbehaves : a novel
The magistrates of the Roman republic. Vol. 3, Supplement
Civil service pay in Africa
The Mandarins of Western Europe : the political role of top civil servants
"The study of Roman republican magistracy has traditionally been the preserve of historians posing constitutional and prosopographical questions. As a result, one fundamental aspect of our most detailed contemporary and near-contemporary sources about magistracy has remained largely neglected: their literariness. This book takes a new approach to the representation of magistrates and shows how the rhetorical and formal features of prose texts - principally Livy's history but also works by Cicero and Sallust - shape our understanding of magistracy. Applying to the texts an expanded concept of exemplarity, Haimson Lushkov shows how a rich body of anecdotes concerning the behaviour and speech of magistrates reflects on the values and tensions that defined the republic. A variety of contexts - familial, military, and electoral, among others - flesh out the experience of being, becoming, and encountering a Roman magistrate, and the political and ethical problems highlighted and negotiated in such circumstances"--
Thatcher, Reagan, Mulroney : in search of a new bureaucracy
The public sector middle manager : the puppet who pulls the strings
"This book, based upon the correspondence of William Nelson Lovatt, Korea's first commissioner of customs in Pusan, looks at the informal imperialism exercised by China over Korea in the 1880s, as China's increasing interventionism affected Lovatt's hiring, his experiences in Korea, and his eventual termination"--Provided by publisher.
The victorious incumbent : an threat to democracy?
Identities reframed : EU civil servants and lobbyists' perceptions of Europeanism and nationalism
Government and public servants' liability in Finland
Commanders & command in the Roman Republic and Early Empire
Moved by relocation : professional identification in the decentralization of public sector jobs in Sweden
Public sector ethics : finding and implementing values
White chief, black lords : Shepstone and the colonial state in Natal, South Africa, 1845-1878
The ethics primer for public administrators in government and nonprofit organizations
La responsabilité des fonctionnaires chargés de la gestion des deniers publics = The responsibility/accountability of civil servants entrusted with public funds
State Civil Servants' Act
An introduction to the civil service of Sung China : with emphasis on its personnel administration
Central bureaucracy and the restriction of education in early nineteenth-century Finland
Life of a European mandarin : inside the commission
Kofi Annan : a man of peace in a world of war
A guide to pensions : a comparative analysis of the basic and supplementary pension plans for salaried employees and civil servants in the E.E.C
Another time, another life : the story of a crime
Civil service ethics : a study of the grounds of civil service ethics, its present state and areas of development
A cold red sunrise : an Inspector Porfiry Rostnikov mystery
Ready for the presidency : an assessment of the capabilities and means of influence of Finnish civil servants
"As agents of the state, civil servants are central to public governance and socioeconomic development. In developing countries, it has been seen that an effective civil service pay system may provide strong incentives for better public service and rein in corruption whereas poor remuneration can fuel corruption and discontent among civil servants. Grappling with a well-functioning pay regime has challenged the PRC since its birth. Over the past decade, reforms have been implemented in the civil service pay system that are closely associated with legitimacy change (from an economy-based approach to welfare-based one), income distribution and central–local relations. However, these have led to a heated debate over the legitimacy, effectiveness and direction of these reforms. By examining this situation and the tug-of-war over remuneration among different players, this pioneering study deepens our understanding of China's reform process and its actors." ---Provided by publisher.
The nabobs at home
Growing : an autobiography of the years 1904-1911
Civil service systems in comparative perspective
Instances of corruption in South Africa are reported on almost a daily basis - there is no scarcity of scandals that illustrate the depth and pervasiveness of this corruption. In the wake of these scandals, awareness has grown about the economic, social, and political costs of corruption, which South Africa cannot afford. With increasing intolerance of these devastating effects, pressure from citizens and financial markets prove the need for a review of good governance matters. Development Corruption in South Africa examines governance matters with a focus on corruption. This rich empirical body on governance variables and governance performance is a welcome addition to South African government literature. Pillay's approach is unique as it improves the gathering, analysing, and disseminating of new data, which is valuable to various stakeholders. This volume analyses governance from a broad analytical framework and includes an analysis of current problems as well as future problems and their causes. --Provided by publisher.
Black elected officials : a study of black Americans holding governmental office
The Supreme Court of Finland
Cultured force : makers and defenders of the French colonial empire
The bullet-catcher's daughter
Serving the state : global public administration education and training. Vol. 1, The Anglo-American tradition
The king's magnates : a study of the highest officials of the Neo-Assyrian empire
Internationalisation, privatisation, decentralisation : new considerations for the development of senior public servants : IASIA annual conference, Vienna, Austria, 7-10 July 1992
Voice from the north : resurrecting regional identity through the life and work of Yi Sihang (1672-1736)
Echoes of the heart : selected poems / Ma Kai ; translated by Ling Yuan
The civil service
Concepts and patterns of service in the later Middle Ages
Songs of contentment and transgression : discharged officials and literati communities in sixteenth-century north China
Civil service systems in Anglo-American countries
Development characteristics of the Finnish foreing policy elite
Next steps : improving management in government?
Civil service training and development : assessing the role and significance of higher civil service training in less developed countries
Public sector executives : managers or politicians?
Public sector power and public sector pay in Hong Kong : a survey of the political economy of pay determination in a British colony (1965-1985)
The public's servants : checks on public servants in European countries
International encyclopedia of comparative law : under the auspices of the International Association of Legal Science. Volume 11, Chapter 6, Torts : Professional liability
The American federal executive : a study of the social and personal characteristics of the civilian and military leaders of the United States federal government
Public service 2000 : the renewal of the public service of Canada (synopsis) = Fonction publique 2000 : renouvellement de la fonction publique du Canada (synopsis)
Seven pounds
Serving the state : global public administration education and training. Vol. 2, Diversity and change
The international civil service : law and management
The civil service in Britain and France
Social science research and government : comparative essays on Britain and the United States
Magistracy and the historiography of the Roman republic : politics in prose
Civil Servants and Politics : A Delicate Balance
The civil servants : an inquiry into Britain's ruling class
Domestication of international comparisons : the role of the OECD Programme for International Student Assessment (PISA) in Finnish education policy
La politisation de l'administration = The politicization of public administration
A question of belief
Decentralised pay setting : a study of the outcomes of collective bargaining reform in the civil service in Australia, Sweden, and the UK
Distinguished Asian American political and governmental leaders
Spending preferences of public sector officials : survey evidence from the Finnish central government
Summary (s. 1-5).
Friends in High Places
What happened to Rome's curatores aquarum : a case of continuity or change?
Impérialisme et chauvinisme juridiques : rapports présentés au colloque à l'occasion du 20e anniversaire de l'Institut suisse de droit comparé = Imperialism and chauvinism in the law : reports presented to a colloquium on the occasion of the 20th anniversary of the Swiss Institute of Comparative Law : Lausanne, 3-4 octobre 2002.
Playing the game : the story of western women in Arabia
Abstract.
Regulating conflicts of interest for holders of public office in the European union : a comparative study of the rules and standards of professional ethics for the holders of public office in the EU-27 and EU institutions
Abstract (1 s.).
Pay reform for top civil servants in Norway : towards market and performance pay; business as usual?
The dynamics of bureaucracy : a study of interpersonal relations in two government agencies
A note on the Ptolemaic epì ton prosódon
All the names
Controlling the Swedish state : studies on formal and informal bodies of control
The presidential branch
The diffusion of innovations : some examples of Finnish civil servant's professional tours in Europe
The rise and rise of meritocracy
Officers and accountability in medieval England 1170-1300
Ethics for public managers
Gentlemen and officers : imperial administration and aristocratic power in Byzantine Italy A.D. 554-800
Bushwomen : tales of a cynical species
Parliamentary codes of conduct in Europe : an overview
Policy analysts in the bureaucracy
Public service 2000 : the renewal of the public service in Canada = Fonction publique 2000 : le renouvellement de la fonction publique du Canada
The competencies of new public managers
This edition is a full-scale study of John Cannon and his chronicles. Known to some as 'the poor man's Pepys', Cannon wrote a remarkably candid autobiography during a crucial period of change in British history.
Saving the world : Chen Hongmou and elite consciousness in eighteenth-century China
Report. 1, Freedom of association in the public service
Social background of India's administrators : a socio-economic study of the higher civil services of India
The king's magnates : a study of the highest officials of the neo-Assyrian empire
Patronage in British government
Scandinavia : formal aspects of relations between public administrations and their staffs
Colonial civil service : the selection and training of colonial officials in England, Holland, and France
Whitleyism : A Study of Joint Consultation in the Civil Service
Values in the daily job : civil servant's ethics : a handbook for the state administration
Accounting for public policy : power, professionals and politics in local government
African public service : new challenges, professionalism and ethics in cooperation with the African Training and Research Centre in Administration for Development (CAFRAD)
The chronicles of John Cannon, excise officer and writing master. Part 1, 1684-1733 (Somerset, Oxfordshire, Berkshire)
Contradictions between the political and professional roles of higher civil servants : problems of politically representative bureaucracy
Higher civil servants in postwar Japan : their social origins, educational backgrounds, and career patterns
Blood and oil : inside the Shah's Iran
The Civil Service : continuity and change
Who was who in the Soviet Union : a biographical dictionary of more than 4600 leading officials from the central apparatus and the republics to 1991
Public administration in Japan
The magistrates of the Roman republic
Managing conflict of interest in the public sector : a toolkit
International administration : law and management practices in international organisations
Development corruption in South Africa : governance matters
Status of women employees in government
Regaling officials in Ptolemaic Egypt : a dramatic reading of official accounts from the Menches papers (P.L.Bat.32)
Private gain and public service : the association of first division civil servants
The structure of the administration in the Old Kingdom : the highest officials and their titulary
Conclusion (s. 214-221).
The magistrates of the Roman Republic. Vol. 2, 99 B.C. - 31 B.C
Le système du mérite / The merit system / study group: History of Public Administration ; edited by Sabiono Cassese, Jill Pellew
In the service of his Korean majesty : William Nelson Lovatt, the Pusan Customs, and Sino-Korea relations, 1876-1888
The ethics of public service : resolving moral dilemmas in public organizations
Leadership in the British civil service : a study of Sir Percival Waterfield and the creation of the Civil Service Selection Board
The Congressional Club cook book : a collection of national and international recipes
Structural adjustment and civil service reforms : a study of the implications and the impact of structural adjustment on civil service structures and management in Ghana
Abstact: Portrait of cultural secretaries.
Public personnel management in Asian civil services
The international civil servant : an endangered species
Some great thing
Wolf Hall
Recruiting for high offices in the central administration : seminar organized by the Swedish National Section of the International Institute of Administrative Sciences in Stockholm and Uppsala, March 11-14, 1982 : general report and national reports = Le recrutement aux echelons superieurs de l'administration centrale : colloque organisé par la Section nationale suédoise de l'institut international des sciences administratives á Stockholm et Uppsala, les 11-14 mars 1982 : rapport général et rapports nationaux
International civil service : principles, practice and prospects
The bride collector
Neoliberal frontiers : an ethnography of sovereignty in West Africa
Roman magistrates and the administration of public land to the time of the Gracchi
The Neo-Babylonian Ebabbar temple at Sippar : its administration and its prosopography
Politicians and the civil servants : the case of Finland
Ethics in the public service : comparative perspectives
The main historical features in the recruitment of senior civil servants
Career patterns in the Chʻing dynasty : the office of governor-general
Personnel management in government : politics and process
Northern Ireland : a political directory 1968-88
Ethics in government : the moral challenge of public leadership
Standards for professional master's degree programs in public affairs and administration
Law courts and lawyers in the city of London, 1300-1550
Abstract: Professional dominance? Lawyers and government in Finland.
Ethical frontiers in public management : seeking new strategies for resolving ethical dilemmas
The chronicles of John Cannon, excise officer and writing master. Part 2, 1734-43 (Somerset)
Government as employer
The civil service today
Governing civil service pay in China
Robert Ludlum's the Geneva strategy : a covert-one novel
The civil service in Britain
Friends in high places
Public administration education in Europe : current directions and future perspectives
Japan's challenging years : reflections on my lifetime
A professional union : the evolution of the institution of professional civil servants
Comparative civil service systems in the 21st century
The magistrates of the Roman professional collegia in Italy from the first to the third century A. D.
The civil servant's point of view on immigrants and acculturation in Finland : a qualitative attitude approach
Centenary issues of the Pendleton Act of 1883 : the problematic legacy of civil service reform
Report. 2, Procedures for determining conditions of employment in the public service
