http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21288 influence
influence
Emperor's handbook : state grade society doctrines : how to buid and maintain influence in a modern media society
Civilization : the West and the rest
The European Court's political power : selected essays
Aspects of power and authority in the Middle Ages
In Marx's shadow : knowledge, power, and intellectuals in Eastern Europe and Russia
Clinton cash : the untold story of how and why foreign governments and businesses helped make Bill and Hillary rich
Tribes : we need you to lead us
Authoritative governance : policy-making in the age of mediatization
In 2000, Bill and Hillary Clinton owed millions of dollars in legal debt. Since then, they've earned over $130 million. Where did the money come from? Most people assume that the Clintons amassed their wealth through lucrative book deals and high-six figure fees for speaking gigs. Now, Peter Schweizer shows who is really behind those enormous payments
The power dance in research interview. Manifesting power and powerless
American and French culture 1750-1848
Models in country scale carbon accounting of forest soils
Translation under negotiation : The textual interplay of translators and editors in contemporary Finnish Shakespeare translation
"In Persuadable, you'll learn how Ray Dalio became the most successful hedge fund manager in the world by strategically curbing confidence. How Alan Mullaly saved Ford Motor Company, not by staying the course, but by continually changing course. How one Nobel Prize-winning scientist discovered the cause of ulcers by bravely doubting his own entrenched beliefs. You'll learn how Billy Graham's change of heart helped propel the civil rights movement, and how a young NFL linebacker's radical new position may prove to alter the world of professional football as we know it. Offers the seven practices of persuadable leaders. "
Democracy distorted : wealth, influence and democratic politics
The artillery of the press : its influence on American foreign policy
The Heibergs and the theater : between vaudeville, romantic comedy and national drama
Small states - big negotiations : decision-making rules and small state influence in EU treaty negotiations
Company towns first appeared in Europe and North America with the industrial revolution and followed the expansion of capital to frontier societies, colonies, and new nations. Their common feature was the degree of company control and supervision, reaching beyond the workplace into workers' private and social lives. Major sites of urban experimentation, paternalism, and welfare practices, company towns were also contested terrain of negotiations and confrontations between capital and labor. Looking at historical and contemporary examples from Europe, the Americas, Africa, and Asia, this book explores company towns' global reach and adaptability to diverse geographical, political, and cultural contexts.
The European Commission and interest groups : towards a deliberative interpretation of stakeholder involvement in EU policy-making
Translation under negotiation : the textual interplay of translators and editors in contemporary Finnish Shakespeare translation
Two billion cars : driving towards sustainability
The SAGE handbook of media processes and effects
Inventing Eleanor : the medieval and post-medieval image of Eleanor of Aquitaine
"In the early twenty-first century, courts have become versatile actors in the governance of many constitutional democracies, and judges play a variety of roles in politics and policy making. Assembling papers penned by an array of academic specialists on high courts around the world, and presented during a year-long Andrew W. Mellon Foundation John E. Sawyer Seminar at the University of California, Berkeley, this volume maps the roles in governance that courts are undertaking and the ways in which they have come to matter in the political life of their nations. It offers empirically rich accounts of dramatic judicial actions in the Americas, Europe, the Middle East, and Asia, exploring the political conditions and judicial strategies that have fostered those assertions of power, and evaluating when and how courts' performance of new roles has been politically consequential. By focusing on the content and consequences of judicial power, the book advances a new agenda for the comparative study of courts"--
Newcomers, outsiders, & insiders : immigrants and American racial politics in the early twenty-first century
Game of queens : the women who made sixteenth-century Europe
Economists and the powerful : convenient theories, distorted facts, ample rewards
The European nobilities in the seventeenth and eighteenth centuries. Vol. 1, Western Europe
Small states in the European Union : coping with structural disadvantages
Media and politics in Latin America : globalization, democracy and identity
"In this edition, Meyer's analysis of the correlation between newspaper quality and profitability is updated and applied to recent developments in the newspaper industry. Meyer argues that understanding the relationship between quality and profit is central to sustaining journalistic excellence and preserving journalism's unique social functions." -- Provided by the publisher.
Performance of Exchange-traded Fund in the Nordic Market
Leverage : how cheap money will destroy the world
With the second greatest natural gas resources in the region, Qatar's economic clout is considerable. At the same time the Qatar story is replete with paradoxes: the state hosts the Al-Jazeera media network, an influential expression of Arab nationalism and anti-Americanism, while also hosting the principal US naval base in the region.
Persuadable : how great leaders change their minds to change the world
Shadow sovereigns : how global corporations are seizing power
Unemployment and gang crime : could prosperity backfire?
Soft power superpowers : cultural and national assets of Japan and the United States
Influence : science and practice
The multilateral development banks : improving U.S. leadership
Culture jam : how to reverse America's suicidal consumer binge - and why we must
The fifth branch : science advisers as policymakers
Power, powerlessness and addiction
How Asia can shape the world : from the era of plenty to the era of scarcities
The triumph of music : the rise of composers, musicians and their art
Rome across time and space : cultural transmission and the exchange of ideas, c. 500-1400
Hierarchy in international relations
One American in ten tells the other nine how to vote, where to eat, and what to buy. They are The Influentials Who are they? The most influential Americans -- the ones who tell their neighbors what to buy, which politicians to support, and where to vacation -- are not necessarily the people you'd expect. They're not America's most affluent 10 percent or best-educated 10 percent. They're not the "early adopters," always the first to try everything from Franco-Polynesian fusion cooking to digital cameras. They are, however, the 10 percent of Americans most engaged in their local communities...and they wield a huge amount of influence within those communities. They're the campaigners for open-space initiatives. They're church vestrymen and friends of the local public library. They're the Influentials...and whether or not they are familiar to you, they're very well known to the researchers at RoperASW. For decades, these researchers have been on a quest for marketing's holy grail: that elusive but supremely powerful channel known as "word of mouth." What they've learned is that even more important than the "word" -- "what" is said -- is the "mouth" -- "who" says it. They've identified, studied, and analyzed influence in America since the Standard Oil Company of New Jersey (now Exxon) hired Elmo Roper himself to develop a model for identifying opinion leaders, and in "The Influentials, " they are finally ready to share their results. A few samples: - Influentials have been the "early majority" -- leading indicators of what Americans will be buying -- for more than five decades, from choosing energy-efficient cars in the 1970s to owning computers in the 1980s to adopting 401(k)s and IRAs in the 1990s to using the Internet and cell phones today. - Influentials have led the way in social development as well, from the revival of self-reliance (in managing their own health care, investments, and consumption) to mass skepticism about the marketing claims of everythingfrom breakfast food to politicians. Although America's Influentials have always been powerful, they've never been more important than now. Today, a fragmented market has made it possible for Influentials to opt out of mass-message advertising, which means that a different route must be taken to capture their hearts and minds. "The Influentials" is a map for that route, a map that explains who these people are, how they exercise influence, and how they can be targeted. "The Influentials" features a series of rules and guidelines for marketing to Influentials; case studies of products that have prospered because of Influential marketing (and products that have failed because they lacked it); a history of the phenomenon...and why Influentials are more influential today than ever; and profiles of twelve real-life Influentials. Both an intellectual adventure and a hands-on marketing manual, "The Influentials" is an extraordinary gold mine of information and analysis that no business can afford to ignore.
Blessed are the organized : grassroots democracy in America
Building strengths and skills : a collaborative approach to working with clients
Captured by conventions : on objectivity and factuality in international news agency discourse
Media diplomacy : the Foreign Office in the communications age
Growing up with girl power : girlhood on screen and in everyday life
Power and authority : Birgitta of Sweden and her revelations
Develop Your Assertiveness
Crouching tiger, hidden dragon? : Africa and China
The struggle for the Middle East : the Soviet Union and the Middle East 1958-70
Democratic authority : a philosophical framework
Sperling and Gordon outline the problem in full and assign blame squarely where it belongs--on the auto-industry, short-sighted government policies, and consumers. They consider the issue from all angles and take up such topics as getting beyond the gas-guzzler monoculture, breaking Detroit's hold on energy and climate policy, the search for low-carbon fuels, California's pioneering role, and more. --  Promising advances in both transportation technology and fuel efficiency together with shifts in traveler behavior, they suggest, offer us a way out of our predicament. -- Ultimately, the authors contend that the two places that have the most troublesome emissions problems, California and China, are the most likely to become world leaders on these issues
Government report on EU policy : an empowered Union in the world, an empowered citizen in the Union, an influential Finland in Europe
Queens and mistresses of Renaissance France
The power paradox : how we gain and lose influence
Regulation, awareness, empowerment : young people and harmful media content in the digital age
Power and politeness in historical novels set during the American Civil War
Influence : the psychology of persuasion
Corporate social responsibility : charity or investment?
A slant of light : a novel
Thomas Cromwell : the untold story of Henry VIII's most faithful servant
Researching power, elites and leadership
Credit, fashion, sex : economies of regard in Old Regime France
Influencer : the new science of leading change
Magnum crimen : half a century of clericalism in Croatia : dedicated to the known and unkown victims of clericalism
Maximum influence : the 12 universal laws of power persuasion
Different student-strategies for interactional power in the IRF pattern in an EFL classroom
The ghost riders of Ordebec
Children and violence : nature, consequences and interventions
"This is a concise, paradigm-shifting account of the power dynamics that shape everyday life - from the board room to the dinner table, the playground to the bedroom. The Machiavellian view of power as a coercive force is one of the deepest currents in our culture, yet new psychological research reveals this vision to be dead wrong. Influence is gained instead through social intelligence and empathy - but ironically the seductions of power make us lose the very qualities that made us powerful in the first place. By drawing on fascinating case studies that debunk long standing myths, Dacher Keltner illuminates this 'power paradox', revealing how it shapes not just boardrooms and elections but everyday relationships, and affects whether or not we will have an affair, break the law or find our purpose in life."--Publisher's description.
Effects of the U.S. banking crisis in 2008: evidence from international stock markets
The European Parliament's committees : national party influence and legislative empowerment
Bulgaria and the Vatican
Calculated in death
Company towns : labor, space, and power relations across time and continents
Organising the European Parliament : the role of committees and their legislative influence
The politics of female households : ladies-in-waiting across early modern Europe
The vanishing newspaper : saving journalism in the information age
The European nobilities in the sewenteenth and eighteenth centuries. Vol. 2, Northern, central and eastern Europe
Management & organisational behaviour
The 2nd edition of Encyclopedia of Violence, Peace and Conflict provides timely and useful information about antagonism and reconciliation in all contexts of public and personal life. Building on the highly-regarded 1st edition (1999), and publishing at a time of seemingly inexorably increasing conflict and violent behaviour the world over, the Encyclopedia is an essential reference for students and scholars working in the field of peace and conflict resolution studies, and for those seeking to explore alternatives to violence and share visions and strategies for social justice and social change. Covering topics as diverse as Arms Control, Peace Movements, Child Abuse, Folklore, Terrorism and Political Assassinations, the Encyclopedia comprehensively addresses an extensive information area in 225 multi-disciplinary, cross-referenced and authoritatively authored articles. In his Preface to the 1st edition, Editor-in-Chief Lester Kurtz wrote: "The problem of violence poses such a monumental challenge at the end of the 20th century that it is surprising we have addressed it so inadequately. We have not made much progress in learning how to cooperate with one another more effectively or how to conduct our conflicts more peacefully. Instead, we have increased the lethality of our combat through revolutions in weapons technology and military training. The Encyclopedia of Violence, Peace, and Conflict is designed to help us to take stock of our knowledge concerning these crucial phenomena." Ten years on, the need for an authoritative and cross-disciplinary approach to the great issues of violence and peace seems greater than ever.
Media, persuasion and propaganda
Marketing 3.0 : from products to customers to the human spirit
Public diplomacy and soft power in East Asia
In social media, activity generates power and influence
Deontic rights in interaction : a conversation analytic study on authority and cooperation
Grey : fifty shades of Grey as told by Christian
The art of seduction
The drop
The social psychology of power
Encyclopedia of Violence, Peace, & Conflict
Elephant and the bear : the European Union, Russia and their near abroads
Crowdfunding : exploration of what influences campaign success
Multiple forms of stakeholder interaction in environmental management: business arguments regarding differences in stakeholder relationships
The politics of energy dependency : Ukraine, Belarus, and Lithuania between domestic oligarchs and Russian pressure, 1992-2012
China's aid and soft power in Africa : the case of education and training
Making health policy
Beyond the pejorative : sphere of influence in international theory
Religion, nation and democracy in the South Caucasus
Qatar : a modern history
Drama power on the rise? : US soft power may increase as a function of Washington dysfunction
Psychology discourse practice : from regulation to resistance
"This exciting new text consolidates the how's and why's of researching powerful people. Written by a leading authority in the field, this book introduces the reader to a significant area of methodology, and provides a research-based contribution to elite and leadership studies. It offers a truly international perspective that will appeal to those studying and working with elites in a variety of contexts. Useful features include: A variety of case studies and examples linked to over 1000 sources and resources; Extensive use of figures throughout the text to illustrate key points; Templates and models for planning and presentations The book promotes a practical future-oriented approach to support and inspire academic, professional and civil society researchers at all levels. It introduces new research frameworks and facilitates critical techniques through Critical Process Analysis. This is a must-have resource and an excellent new addition to the field of elite and leadership studies." -- Publisher's website.
In the light of medieval Spain : Islam, the West, and the relevance of the past
The influentials
"In an America where the rich and fortunate have free rein to do as they please, can the ideal of liberty and justice for all be anything but an empty slogan? Many Americans are doubtful, and have withdrawn into apathy and cynicism. But thousands of others are not ready to give up on democracy just yet. Working outside the notice of the national media, ordinary citizens across the nation are meeting in living rooms, church basements, synagogues, and schools to identify shared concerns, select and cultivate leaders, and take action. Their goal is to hold big government and big business accountable. In this important new book, Jeffrey Stout bears witness to the successes and failures of progressive grassroots organizing, and the daunting forces now arrayed against it." "Stout tells vivid stories of people fighting entrenched economic and political interests around the country. From parents and teachers striving to overcome gang violence in South Central Los Angeles, to a Latino priest north of the Rio Grande who brings his parish into a citizens' organization, to the New Orleans residents who get out the vote by taking a jazz band through streets devastated by Hurricane Katrina, Stout describes how these ordinary people conceive of citizenship, how they acquire and exercise power, and how religious ideas and institutions contribute to their successes." "The most important book on organizing and grassroots democracy in a generation, Blessed are the Organized is a passionate and hopeful account of how our endangered democratic principles can be put into action."--BOOK JACKET.
Politics and power in the multinational corporation : the role of institutions, interests and identities
Media and power
Bush's brain : how Karl Rove made George W. Bush presidential
The science of influence : how to get anyone to say "yes" in 8 minutes or less!
