http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21248 settling basins
settling basins
Dynamics of vegetation, nitrogen and carbon as indicators of the operation of peatland buffers
Hydrological and hydraulic design of peatland drainage and water treatment systems for optimal control of diffuse pollution
Flocculation plays a critical role in the activated sludge process, where flocs are removed by settling and where unsatisfactory flocculation is resulting in poor effluent quality. Control and operation of the process is also challenging as it is sensitive to external and internal disturbances. Furthermore, stricter environmental demands are also being placed on wastewater treatment and discharge quality thus solutions are needed to improve the current systems.A novel optical monitoring method employing a tube flow and a CCD camera was developed to characterize the flocs and filaments of the sludge, and the method was tested on samples from full-scale activated sludge plants. An online device operating on the same principle was also developed and this was tested over a period of eight months at municipal wastewater treatment plant. Optical monitoring was employed in the laboratory to study the breakage of activated sludge flocs. Based on the image analysis data, in the industrial plant the major breakage process was large-scale fragmentation. In the two municipal plants, it was surface erosion. The flocs had more filaments and were more irregular in shape in the industrial plant, which could be the reason for the large-scale fragmentation.The effect of floc morphology on the effluent clarity of the activated sludge process was studied in the industrial and municipal activated sludge plants by optical monitoring over periods of three months and eight months, respectively. The changes in floc morphology took place slowly in both plants. Four major factors that correlated with the purification results were the size and shape of the flocs and the quantities of small particles and filaments. The image analysis results suggested that the settling problem that occurred during the test periods in the industrial plant was caused by dispersed growth, whereas that in the municipal plant was caused by filamentous bulking. In conclusion, it is possible to use the developed method online in order to analyse the state of flocculation. Thus the method could be useful when developing online monitoring applications for quantifying floc characteristics and for diagnosing the causes of settling problems in the wastewater treatment plants.
The use of overland flow for the purification of runoff water from peat mining areas. Peat filtration, field ditches and sedimentation basins for the purification of runoff water from peat mining areas
Optical monitoring of flocs and filaments in the activated sludge process
