http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21266 maritime surveillance
maritime surveillance
International assistance for implementing the programme of action to prevent, combat and eradicate the illicit trade in small arms and light weapons in all its aspects : findings of a global survey
Activities 2004 : overview
United Nations Seminar on Implementing UN Security Council Resolution 1540 in Asia and the Pacific, 12-13 July 2006, Beijing China
Strengthening regional fisheries management organisations
Guidelines on ensuring successful convictions of offenders of anti-pollution regulations at sea
Maritime security and security measures : MIMIC study in the Baltic Sea area
ICES/Helcom Workshop on Quality Assurance of Chemical Analytical Procedures for the Baltic Monitoring Programme : 5-8 October 1993, Hamburg, Germany
FIMR monitoring of the Baltic Sea environment : annual report 2007
Activities 2003 : overview
Evolving property rights in marine fisheries
The coast guard
Development process of the Gulf of Finland mandatory ship reporting system : reflections on the methods
National single window : "reporting formalities directive and its implementation in Finland - threats and opportunities"
Safety and environmental handbook  2004
Report of the second Global Fisheries Enforcement Training Workshop : Trondheim, Norway, 7-11 August 2008.
Assessment and management of seafood safety and quality
HELCOM activities report 2012.
Boom-and-bust cycles are commonplace in the exploitation history of sea cucumber fisheries but pandemic overfishing to critical levels now threatens the persistence of breeding stocks for future generations of coastal fishers. Resource managers must embrace an ecosystem approach to fisheries, in which biodiversity conservation, ecosystem services and the concerns of stakeholders are taken into account alongside of the productivity of stocks and the economic gains from fishing. This booklet provides a "roadmap" for developing and implementing better management of sea cucumber fisheries.--Publisher's description.
Report of the GFCM Workshop on Illegal, Unreported and Unregulated Fishing in the Mediterranean : Rome, 23 and 26 June 2004
Merelle vahva : rajauksia horisontissa = Strong at sea : horizon is the limit
Fisheries and control in the Baltic Sea : a report on the control and monitoring of the fisheries activities in the Baltic Sea
Chemical weapons & missile proliferation : with implications for the Asia/Pacific region
Security is a low key affair : but becoming increasingly more important
Putting into practice an ecosystem approach to managing sea cucumber fisheries
Maritime security - current problems in the Baltic Sea : conference in cooperation with the International Tribunal for the Law of the Sea, May 9th-11th, 2007
Five years of implementing the United Nations Programme of Action on Small Arms and Light Weapons : regional analysis of national reports
Navigating new routes to lobbying in Brussels : research on European Boating Industry
Activities 2005 : overview
Putting into practice the ecosystem approach to fisheries
The United States and the rule of law in international affairs
Russian strategic nuclear forces
Rescue at sea : an international history of lifesaving, coastal rescue craft and organisations
Europe and naval arms control in the Gorbachev era
Environmental biotechnology
Illegal discharges and aerial surveillance in Finland
Lottas in their fields of work
Security at sea : naval forces and arms control
Comparison of documentation in short sea shipping and road transport : "CODISSSART" : November 1998.
Maritime security : an introduction
Activities 2002 : overview
Increasing the contribution of small-scale fisheries to poverty alleviation and food security
Port security management
Suoja-alueet Suomen rannikolla = Skyddsområden vid finska kusten = Restricted areas on the Finnish coast. [Merivoimat]
Summary (s. 11-13).
Baltic legal manual : information on anti-pollution regulations at sea and the prosecution of violations thereof in the Baltic Sea Area
"Sea and freshwater ports are a key component of U.S. critical infrastructure and are vital to maintaining the global and domestic economy. The September 11th attacks in the U.S. marked a paradigm shift in the security of transportation systems including the port and shipping industries. This has led to an increased emphasis on port security. This fully updated second edition covers the latest on continuously changing legislation regarding federal mandates, credentializing employees, securing vessels, and cargo security. The book focuses on best practices, providing real-world solutions to law enforcement authorities and security management professionals"--Provided by publisher.
Automatic alarm system in the pipeline : EfficienSea creates new smart safety tools
Challenges for co-operation in achieving maritime situation awareness (MSA) from the operator's perspective : lessons learned from MNE5 MSA experimentations
Report of the Expert Consultation on Fishing Vessels Operating under Open Registries and their Impact on Illegal, Unreported and Unregulated Fishing : Miami, Florida, United States of America, 23-25 September 2003.
Real-time coastal observing systems for marine ecosystem dynamics and harmful algal blooms : theory, instrumentation and modelling
Implementation of the International Plan of Action to Prevent, Deter and Eliminate Illegal, Unreported and Unregulated Fishing
The Finnish MCM 2010 project : three MCM ships, a variety of sensor systems and a Mine Warfare Data Center
Situational awareness concept in a multinational collaboration environment : challenges in the information sharing framework
Report of the eighteenth session of the Fishery Committee for the Eastern Central Atlantic, Douala, Cameroon, 3-5 October 2006 = Rapport de la dix-huitième session du Comité des pêches pour l 'Atlantique Centre-Est, Douala, Cameroun, 3-5 octobre 2006.
Report of the FAO Workshop on the Implementation of the FAO International Guidelines for the Management of Deep-Sea Fisheries in the High Seas : challenges and ways forward, Busan, Republic of Korea, 10-12 May 2010
FIMR monitoring of the Baltic Sea environment : annual report 2006
Maritime surveillance for better maritime security
Confidence-building and arms control : challenges around the Baltic Rim
Report of the second session of the South West Indian Ocean Fisheries Commission : Maputo, Mozambique, 22-25 August 2006 = Rapport de la deuxième session de la Commission des Pêches pour le Sud-Ouest de l'Océan Indien : Maputo, Mozambique, 22-25 août 2006.
Implementing resolution 1540 : the role of regional organizations
International collaboration increasing in maritime surveillance
United Nations Seminar on Implementing UN Security Council Resolution 1540 in Latin America and the Caribbean, 27-28 November 2006, Lima, Peru
Introduced species in the Nordic countries
The Nordic countries and the european security and defence policy
Finnish navy sails towards new challenges
Report of the fourth session of the Scientific Sub-Committee, [Fishery Committee for the Eastern Central Atlantic] : Accra, Ghana, 24-26 October 2005 = Rapport de la quatrième session du Sous-Comité scientifique : Accra, Ghana, 24-26 octobre 2005.
Global responses to maritime violence : cooperation and collective action
Tedim benefits : a multimodal case study
The study was conducted as a comprehensive overview of Reporting Formalities Directive and its' implementation in Finland, threats and opportunities from Customs point of view. National Single Window concept is just a phase towards the integra-tion of maritime surveillance. This approach towards further integration of maritime surveillance was confirmed in the roadmap for the development of the European Border Surveillance System (EUROSUR), which foresees the creation of a common Information Sharing Environment (CISE) for the European maritime domain. One aim is also to enhance co-operation between civil and military authorities.  The integrated maritime surveillance is to generate situational awareness of activities at sea impacting on maritime safety and security (ISPS), border control, the maritime environment, fisheries control, trade and economic interests within the European Union.  There has already been for decades a demand for a single window concept already decades and many implementations are already in practice. It has, however become more evident that the preliminary purpose was to create a working service platform. The technological part has considered by many to be the issue, nevertheless, it has become more and more obvious that the real issue are the co-operation, different cultures, different processes involved, legislations and other different approaches to this concept.  Conclusions based on this study showed us that building up the structures of a Single window system are not facing only technical, cultural or legal problems but as well some basic changes towards our attitudes for closer cooperation has to be reconsidered.  There will be a project going on to build up Common Information Sharing Environment, where surveillance is coming more in focus. There will also be military authorities involved with the NSW plans to do more cooperation in maritime surveillance matters (EUCISE2020). This next project will be a very fruitful study topic for someone as well the satisfaction of current and new stakeholders then.
The European Union as a security provider
