http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21219 cooking magazines
cooking magazines
Microbiological hazards in fresh leafy vegetables and herbs : meeting report
House & garden's cook book
The flavours of Bon appétit 1999
Creating gateways to the home circle : food, gender and domesticity in American magazines
The hundred glories of French cooking
Much depends on dinner : the extraordinary history and mythology, allure and obsessions, perils and taboos, of an ordinary meal
The New American cuisine
James Villas' the Town & Country cookbook
Beef Finland 2012 : a brief
Cook's illustrated 2000.
Abstract.
House & garden's new cook book
The New York times bread and soup cookbook
Craig Claiborne's favorites from the New York Times. Series 2.
Taste of home : e-lehti
Food and travel
Every day with Rachael Ray  : e-lehti
Food and travel : Helsinki
Men's health : e-lehti
Good food : Vantaa
The Gourmet cookbook : more than 1000 recipes
Craig Claiborne's favorites from the New York Times. Series 3.
Jamie : Jamie ́s creative Christmas
1988 best-recipes yearbook
Cooking with Craig Claiborne and Pierre Franey
Women's health : e-lehti
The Margaret Fulton cookbook
Food & wine : Espoo
A widespread outbreak of Yersinia pseudotuberculosis O:3 infection from iceberg lettuce
The New York Times menu cook book
Cook's illustrated 1997.
Southern living : 1996 annual recipes
Cook's illustrated 1999.
Good food : Espoo
Food network magazine : e-lehti
Bread
Turkish cookery : Mutfak Rehberi cookery books series 1
The New York Times : More 60-minute gourmet
The psychology of food and eating : a fresh approach to theory and method
Cook's illustrated 2002.
Good food : Helsinki
Southern living : 1981 annual recipes
Southern living : 1997 annual recipes
Cook's illustrated 2001.
Clean eating : e-lehti
You are what you eat : food advertising, contemporary food consumption and life-style strategies
Great recipes from the New York Times
Studies on the epidemiology of lettuce downy mildew (Bremia lactucae Regel) : including a survey of fungal pathogens in field lettuce (Lactuca sativa L.) in Norway
Sex, drugs, and cocoa puffs : a low culture manifesto
Decanter World Wine Awards 2015 : e-lehti
Cook's illustrated 1998.
