http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21204 shrines
shrines
Architecture and hagiography in the Ottoman Empire : the politics of Bektashi shrines in the classical age
Bibliotheca Isiaca. 3
Liturgy, architecture, and sacred places in Anglo-Saxon England
" Cathedrals seem to be among the scarce places where congregations are growing. Attractive without demanding commitment, they introduce the Christian past into the secular present, and patiently celebrate the presence of God in a society where the divine is as optional as poetry. They take risks, often using the arts experimentally in creative theology, venturing into the radical and the prophetic. They provide spiritual hospitality to the jaded; a place to re-imagine the familiar; space to renew and redeem lives. They offer sanctuary. Celebrating the life of one particular cathedral, Sanctuary is a collection of poems that emerged from prize-winning poet Martyn Halsall's year in residence at Carlisle Cathedral in 2013. Based on his observations, notes and interactions, they reflect the wonders, joys and rhythm of cathedral life. Martyn Halsall enjoyed a long career as a journalist, including fifteen years with the Guardian. He now focuses on writing and reviewing poetry and is the poetry editor of Third Way. He was previously Communications Director for the Diocese of Blackburn. " -- (Canterbury Press)
The synagogue
The use and abuse of sacred places in late medieval towns
Sacred places : sites of spirituality & faith
Yasukuni, the war dead and the struggle for Japan's past
Crusaders, Cathars, and the holy places
Grapta Poikila II : saints and heroes
Heavenly bodies : cult treasures &​ spectacular saints from the catacombs
The Hal Saflieni Hypogeum : Paola
The ancient synagogue from its origins to 200 C.E. : a source book
The religious life of Nabataea
Temple of the winds
The secret book of sacred things
American sanctuary : understanding sacred spaces
Bibliotheca Isiaca. 1
Architecture of Thailand : a guide to traditional and contemporary forms
Sanctuary and crime in the middle ages, 400-1500
Sacred spaces : religious architecture in the ancient world
Corinth : results of excavations conducted by The American School of Classical Studies at Athens. Vol. 18, Part 6, The Sanctuary of Demeter and Kore : the inscriptions
English medieval shrines
This title traces the development of such structures, from the earliest cult activities at saintly tombs in the late Roman empire, through Merovingian Gaul and the Carolingian Empire, via Anglo-Saxon England.
Sacred space and sacred function in ancient Thebes
Corinth : results of excavations conducted by The American School of Classical Studies at Athens. Vol. 18, Part 5, The Sanctuary of Demeter and Kore : the terracotta sculpture
Enduring identities : the guise of Shinto in contemporary Japan
Sanctuary : poems
1000 sacred places : the world's most extraordinary spiritual sites
International perspectives on pilgrimage studies : itineraries, gaps, and obstacles
The architecture of the sanctuary of Apollo Hylates at Kourion
Temple and cemetery of Confucius and the Kong family mansion in Qufu =[Qufu Kong miao, Kong lin, Kong fu]
Sacred places of a lifetime : 500 of the world's most peaceful and powerful destinations
The temple architecture of India
Sacred topography and identity in Arcadia
Sacred spaces : contemporary religious architecture
Design storybook : shaping the shapers
Bibliotheca Isiaca. 2
Sufism today : heritage and tradition in the global community
Thi vân Yên Tu’ = Poetic clouds of Yên Tu’
The cave of the nymphs at Pharsalus : studies on a Thessalian country shrine
Cave of the Nymphs at Pharsalus is the first book-length study of one of Greece's most cited nymph sanctuaries. The volume includes a revised catalog, extensive new commentaries on the cave's famous inscriptions, and a first-time investigation of the site's topographical and archaeological layout. Also known as Alogopati or Karapla cave, the Pharsalian shrine holds a special place among ancient nymph caves as the only such site to feature an inscribed poetic chronicle of the shrine's foundation and its founder, the mysterious nymph worshipper Pantalces. Based on years of fieldwork and archival research, Cave of the Nymphs challenges some commonly held views about the origin of this rock-cut 'tale' and offers a fresh perspective for understanding the Pharsalian cave in its proper historical context.
Buddhism : Rituals and monastic life
New pathways in pilgrimage studies : global perspectives
