http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21270 political instability
political instability
The hidden light of objects
"This edited volume explores the stunning diversity in behavior, outlook, and viewpoints at the grassroots level of society during the Mao Zedong era. Men had gay relationships in factory dormitories, teens penned searing complaints in diaries, mentally ill individuals in the Beijing suburbs cursed Mao, and farmers formed secret societies, founded new dynasties, and worshipped forbidden spirits. These diverse undercurrents were at least as mainstream in people's everyday lives as the ideas found in Mao's Little Red Book or People's Daily editorials. Bringing together senior scholars and up-and-coming researchers from China, Europe, North America, and Taiwan, the book draws on rare documents to challenge top-down historical narratives. Focusing on crime, labels, and punishment; mobilization; culture and communication; and discontent, the chapters reveal how people individually and collectively negotiated structures of power. Bringing readers stories of aggrieved schoolteachers in rural Hunan, Uyghur officials in Xinjiang, armed rebels on the southwest frontier, and disaffected youth in Tianjin, the volume sheds light on the traumas and unexpected turning points during China's years of high socialism, raising the question of whether 'Mao's China' ever existed at all"--Provided by publisher.
"From the poisoned rivers, barren wells, and clear-cut forests, to the hundreds of thousands of farmers who have committed suicide to escape punishing debt, to the hundreds of millions of people who live on less than two dollars a day, there are ghosts nearly everywhere you look in India. India is a nation of 1.2 billion, but the country's 100 richest people own assets equivalent to one-fourth of India's gross domestic product. Capitalism: A Ghost Story examines the dark side of democracy in contemporary India, and shows how the demands of globalized capitalism has subjugated billions of people to the highest and most intense forms of racism and exploitation. "--
Descent into chaos : the United States and the failure of nation building in Pakistan, Afghanistan, and Central Asia
Such a long journey
Being absorbed into an unintended war
African conflicts, development and regional organisations in the post-Cold War international system : the annual Claude Ake memorial lecture : Uppsala, Sweden 30 January 2014
Work with youth in divided and contested societies
The African Union in light of the Arab revolts : an appraisal of the foreign policy and security objectives of South Africa, Ethiopia and Algeria
The Persian revolution of 1905-1909
Transforming Pakistan : ways out of instability
Building a professional learning community in a conflict and post-conflict environment : a case-study of a high school in Liberia
"The humanitarian crisis in Darfur, a consequence of the civil war and ongoing violence, has attracted significant international media attention. Here, Noah Bassil offers a re-conception of the conflict in Darfur by examining the origins and progression of the conflict through the broader issue of state failure in post-colonial Sudan. By moving away from a 'localised' view of the conflict, Bassil is able to demonstrate the extent to which the breakdown of social relations in Darfur is interconnected with the wider breakdown of Sudanese and post-colonial societies, offering an examination of the nexus between international, national and local forces. Through its coherent framework for understanding the causes of the civil war that erupted in the Darfur region in 2003, this book provides a unique examination of the conflict and the wider post-colonial situation, making it an important contribution to the fields of History, International Relations and Peace Studies."--Publisher's website.
Arabs without God
Is violence inevitable in Africa? : theories of conflict and approaches to conflict prevention
Black Vienna : the radical right in the red city, 1918-1938
The Holy See, Britain, and the crisis of Malta, 1927–1933
Subversion in institutional change and stability : a neglected mechanism
Encyclopedia of the Palestinians
Climate terror : a critical geopolitics of climate change
"Ukraine is the midst of an existential crisis--its worst crisis since it became independent in December 1991. The country is faced with the threat from the Russian military, its severe financial crisis, and corruption. The purpose of this book is to suggest a strategy to Ukraine's policy makers on how they might be able to solve the current key problems"--Provided by publisher.
African conflicts and informal power : Big Men and Networks
The republic in crisis, 1848-1861
The fat tail : the power of political knowledge for strategic investing
Political risk in credit evaluation : empirical studies and survey results
"This book demonstrates and analyzes patterns in the response of the Imperial Roman state to local resistance, focusing on decisions made within military and administrative organizations during the Principate. Through a thorough investigation of the official Roman approach towards local revolt, author Gil Gambash answers significant questions that, until now, have produced conflicting explanations in the literature: Was Rome's rule of its empire mostly based on oppressive measures, or on the willing cooperation of local populations? To what extent did Roman decisions and actions indicate a dedication towards stability in the provinces? And to what degree were Roman interests pursued at the risk of provoking local resistance? Examining the motivations and judgment of decision-makers within the military and administrative organizations--from the emperor down to the provincial procurator--this book reconstructs the premises for decisions and ensuing actions that promoted negotiation and cooperation with local populations. A ground-breaking work that, for the first time, provides a centralized view of Roman responses to indigenous revolt, Rome and Provincial Resistance is essential reading for scholars of Roman imperial history"--From publisher's website.
South Asia in transition : conflicts and tensions
Descent into chaos: how the war against Islamic extremism is being lost in Pakistan, Afghanistan and Central Asia
The language of contention : revolutions in words, 1688-2012
Boko Haram : inside Nigeria's unholy war
Collapse of an empire : lessons for modern Russia
The triumph of politics : the return of the left in Venezuela, Bolivia and Ecuador
Rashid examines the region and the corridors of power in Washington and Europe to see how the promised nation building in these countries has progressed. His conclusions are devastating: an unstable and nuclear-armed Pakistan, a renewed al Qaeda profiting from a booming opium trade, and a Taliban resurgence and reconquest. While Iraq continues to attract most of American media and military might, Rashid argues that Pakistan and Afghanistan are where the conflict will finally be played out and that these failing states pose a graver threat to global security than the Middle East.--From publisher description.
From resilience to revolution : how foreign interventions destabilize the Middle East
Capitalism : a ghost story
Anonymous - tuntematon
Ukraine : what went wrong and how to fix it
The honourable woman
"This series of essays examines the dark side of democracy in contemporary India. The book also shows how the demands of globalized capitalism has subjugated billions of people around the world to the highest and most intense forms of racism and and exploitation"--
Sudan : the failure and division of an African state
Twenty years after communism : the politics of memory and commemoration
The Balkan wars : British consular reports from Macedonia in the final years of the Ottoman Empire
Russia's approach to arms control, peace mediation and national dialogues
Rome and provincial resistance
Across the Taiwan Strait : Mainland China, Taiwan, and 1995-1996 crisis
"The Republic in Crisis, 1848,♯1861 analyzes the political climate in the years leading up to the Civil War, offering for students and general readers a clear, chronological account of the sectional conflict and the beginning of the Civil War. Emerging from the tumultuous political events of the 1840s and 1850s, the Civil War was caused by the maturing of the North and South's separate, distinctive forms of social organization and their resulting ideologies. John Ashworth emphasizes factors often overlooked in explanations of the war, including the resistance of slaves in the South and the growth of wage labor in the North. Ashworth acquaints readers with modern writings on the period, providing a new interpretation of the American Civil War's causes"--
From voting to violence : democratization and nationalist conflict
Terrorism and counter-terrorism in Africa : fighting insurgency from Al Shabaab, Ansar Dine and Boko Haram
Hyperconflict : globalization and insecurity
The media in the core of political conflict : Venezuela during the last years of Hugo Chávez's presidency
Spaces of danger : culture and power in the everyday
Rashid examines the region and the corridors of power in Washington and Europe to see how the promised nation building in these countries has progressed. His conclusions are devastating: an unstable and nuclear-armed Pakistan, a renewed al Qaeda profiting from a booming opium trade, and a Taliban resurgence and reconquest. While Iraq continues to attract most of American media and military might, Rashid argues that Pakistan and Afghanistan are where the conflict will finally be played out and that these failing states pose a graver threat to global security than the Middle East. - From publisher description.
Unconstitutional changes of government in Africa : what implications for democratic consolidation?
The book of gold leaves
Mexico unconquered : chronicles of power and revolt
Maoism at the grassroots : everyday life in China's era of high socialism
The post-colonial state and civil war in Sudan : the origins of conflict in Darfur
"The Republic in Crisis, 1848-1861 meticulously analyzes the political climate in the years leading up to the Civil War and the causes of that conflict"--
Kicking the Kremlin : Russia's new dissidents and the battle to topple Putin
Storming the heavens : soldiers, emperors, and civilians in the Roman Empire
Ukraine diaries : dispatches from Kiev
On extremism and democracy in Europe
Chaos, violence, dynasty : politics and Islam in Central Asia
The geography of ethnic violence : identity, interests, and the indivisibility of territory
The root causes of Sudan's civil wars
The politics of law and stability in China
No such thing as society : history of Britain in the 1980s
Summary: "On July 22, 2011 a 32 year old far right activist clothed as a police officer opened fire on a Labor Party youth camp on Utoya Island in Norway, slaughtering 69 people and maiming many more. The vast majority of the victims were between 14 and 19 years of age. He also placed bombs in a government building in Oslo, killing 8 and wounding others. In a 1,500 page manifesto in English posted on the internet hours before the massacres in which he referred to himself as a "Marxist hunter," he declared "preemptive war," targeting "Cultural Marxists" who propagate a "multiculturalist," ideology to which he attributed the decay of Western European and American "civilization and culture" and the promotion of a pro-Islamic "Eurabia." What is compelling about this story is less what the content of the killer's easily downloadable manuscript reveals about far right thinking, than how the significance of the event was concealed and silenced as it was interpreted for the public by journalists and political figures. By characterizing Breivik as an evil 'aberration' and abstracting his acts from the social and political context in which they took place, persuasive political arbiters and media reproduced what Allan Pred referred to as "situated ignorance," keeping people from attaining a more accurate knowledge and understanding of the events"--.
This book theorizes subversive action, a neglected mechanism in the new institutionalism literature. Subversive action is political in nature, secretly undermining some institutions to open up alternative ideas or to secure existing institutions by secretly undermining adversaries. An example is a politician who promises change in public, but does something else behind the scenes to preserve the status quo. The book addresses the nature and meaning of subversive action and the contexts that give rise to it, as well as how it can work as an important mechanism behind institutional change and continuity. The book will interest students and scholars of public policy, public administration and political science.
"This volume explores the ways in which Asad's domestic and foreign policy strategies during his first decade in power safeguarded his rule and adapted Syria to the age of globalization. The volume's contributors examine multiple aspects of Asad's rule in the 2000s, from power consolidation within the party and control of the opposition to economic reform, co-opting new private charities, and coping with Iraqi refugees. The Syrian regime temporarily succeeded in reproducing its power and legitimacy, in reconstructing its social base, and in managing regional and international challenges. At the same time, contributors clearly detail the shortcomings, inconsistencies, and risks these policies entailed, illustrating why Syria's tenuous stability came to an abrupt end during the Arab Spring of 2011. This volume presents the work of an international group of scholars from a variety of disciplinary backgrounds. Based on extensive fieldwork and on intimate knowledge of a country whose dynamics often seem complicated and obscure to outside observers, these scholars' insightful snapshots of Bashar al-Asad's decade of authoritarian upgrading provide an indispensable resource for understanding the current crisis and its disastrous consequences. " -- from publishers.
Guatemala : the right to dream
Russia in the new century : stability or disorder?
Effects of economic policy uncertainty on stock and bond market integration
The death of Rex Nhongo
Europe's next avoidable war : Nagorno-Karabakh
Never-ending second world war : public performances of national dignity and the drama of the Bronze soldier
The new Latin American left : cracks in the empire
Abstract.
Human rights and democracy : the precarious triumph of ideals
This Discussion Paper is based on a conceptual and analytical reading of cases of unconstitutional change of government in Africa. It provides a deep and up-to-date exploration of the prospects for democratic consolidation on the continent against the backdrop of an upsurge in unconstitutional changes of government. Rather than focus only on the internal threats to democracy in Africa, the author also analyses the role of neighbouring states, regional organisations and hegemonic forces within the international community in advancing or limiting democracy. In this regard, this work sheds light on why the pursuit of the liberal democratic project in Africa has so far appeared to alienate ordinary people, while providing space for dominant elites to tamper with democratic institutions and processes, which then work against popular participation and democratic development. This paper is essential reading for scholars, policy practitioners, analysts and all those with an interest in the prospects for democracy in Africa.
Reconciliation in divided societies : finding common ground
Presidential impeachment and the new political instability in Latin America
A short guide to political risk
Syria from reform to revolt. Vol. 1, Political economy and international relations
Introduction to political psychology
The expected and non-expected roots of chaos : preconditions of the Finnish Civil War
Africa and fortress Europe : threats and opportunities
Conflict and Security in Central Asia and the Caucasus
The temptations of tyranny in Central Asia
Troubled regions and failing states : the clustering and contagion of armed conflicts
"This anthology--bringing together political scientists, anthropologists, historians, sociologists, economists, and journalists--provides a serious and sophisticated theoretical and historical analysis of the state of the Latin American Left. The central thematic issues are addressed, followed by a number of case studies written by the most astute radical Left observers of the contemporary setting"--
Syria from reform to revolt : Vol. 2, Culture, society, and religion
Religion and identity in post-conflict societies
Censoring translation : censorship, theatre, and the politics of translation
Anonymous
Future publics (the rest can and should be done by the people) : critical reader in contemporary art
As one of the major actors on the scene of international politics, Russia also impacts the various efforts of arms control, conflict settlement and mediation. This pertains to issues such as the Syrian conflict, nuclear proliferation in the case of Iran or various conflicts part of the post-Soviet space. Success or failure in these efforts has considerable significance for the conduct of international relations, including Russia's own standing on the international scene. In particular, the approach adopted has impacted the chances of capitalizing on regionalization as an asset potentially bolstering Russia's weight and influence. In addition to outlining the Russian approach to arms control, conflict settlement and mediation more generally, the various contributions included in the book set out to probe the policies pursued in the case of specific conflicts such as those unfolding in the Southern Caucasus as well as Moldova. In this context the only resolved post-Soviet conflict consists of that pertaining to Tajikistan whereas all other may be described as 'frozen conflicts'. Particular attention is devoted to the case of Nagorno-Karabakh and the various efforts to address and settle that conflict. Out of the various 'rozen' conflicts part of the post-Soviet space, it stands perhaps out as the 'hottest' one, although competes for attention and need of analysis with other conflictual issues in the region.
The fall of authoritarian regimes in Tunisia, Egypt and Libya has changed political dynamics on the African continent. One immediate concern has been the implications of these developments for the African Union (AU) and its member states. Would overall political dynamics in the AU be changed? Would the most powerful member states use the altered circumstances to enhance their influence on AU policies and frameworks? What would the impact be for the AU's overall authority? In this Discussion Paper series, three edited papers are presented that tackle AU political and institutional dynamics in light of the Arab revolts. A particular puzzle addressed is the current postures of South Africa, Ethiopia and Algeria within the AU. A separate analysis of Nigeria's role was published earlier in the NAI-FOI Lecture Series on African Security.
The Routledge handbook of security studies
