http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21210 measuring instruments (indicators)
measuring instruments (indicators)
Translation and validation of Brunel Mood Scale for Serbian athlete population
Testing the motor ability of six year old children with movement ABC
Musculoskeletal disorders in health-related occupations
Marketing scales handbook. Vol. 4, A compilation of multi-item measures for consumer behavior & advertising
Lean startups for social change : the revolutionary path to big impact
HARMONICS OVER POWER LINES MEASUREMENT : Algorithm in C and testing environment
Effectiveness of pilotage
“How patients and their family members’ need of support and counselling can be assessed by written measures?  : Literature review
For the public's health : the role of measurement in action and accountability
Water consumption and limitations for effective operations in the Leningrad region water sector : comparing findings from Finland, Latvia, Lithuania and Russia
Nordic intercomparison in gauge pressure : range 0...2 MPa
Abstract:  The use of Modified Rivermead Mobility Index with cerebrovascular accident patients in Satakunta district.
How to develop and make effective use of a Balanced Scorecard
Essentials of research methods in human sciences. Volume 3, Advanced analysis
This paper reviews the theoretical methodology on economic indicators, and constructs an aggregate index of coincident economic indicators for Estonia.The index tracks economic activity fairly well for the sample period.The evolution of the index in the first eight months of this year suggests that the pace of economic expansion in Estonia is slowing down significantly: from a growth rate of 10.5 percent in the first eight months of 1997, to 6.0 percent in the same period of 1998. .
A learning organization : machine or human?
The basis of this thesis was the assignment from the producer and provider of aggregates. The order and delivery system in aggregates business is placing special demands for the information system. The wide distances and the use of the wireless data transfer are challenging when the demands of frameworks and standards are taken into consideration. The purposes of this work were to find the methods for evaluating the current information system, find out the possible bottlenecks and create the basis for the further development of the information system underlining Sarbanes Oxley (SOX) requirements. In this research the frameworks and the standards were analyzed. Through these factors, using action research potential metrics based on the calculation of the file transfer times on the server was discovered. The metrics was named FT index. In this work, it gave a good view of the rate of the file transfer from the server to the scales which is essential from the functional and SOX requirements point of view. The FT index was also used in system testing, as an updated file transfer program version using a multithreaded method had been put into operation. With the FT index it was easy to find out that the file transfer process was decreased into one tenth. The result of this thesis was that the FT index gives a good view of how the information system is working. At the same time, it produces the data of the information system based on the end to end testing method. This means that with the FT index it is possible to control and monitor the ensemble which includes several phases and processes. This thesis includes also information about how it is possible to improve the current information system with a separate application concentrating on system monitoring and system control. where the users would receive the system alarms of faults in the system and they could also input steering data per plant to avoid unnecessary system loading.
MIPS indicator as a measure of eco-efficiency : case Nokia base stations
Intercomparison of the hydrometer calibration systems at the IMGC and the MIKES
Business performance measurement : unifying theory and integrating practice
Library management 101 : a practical guide
Performance measurement : linking balanced scorecard to business intelligence
Physical workload among physiotherapists working with adult neurological patienrs in rehabilitation and hospital settings
Systematics of the Cidariini (Lepidoptera, Geometridae: Larentiinae)
Implementing the balanced scorecard
Wavelets and maximum strength technology algorithm
Risk weights help to establish each bank's minimum own funds relative to lending, ensuring the bank's ability to cover the related credit risk. The risk weight calculation method chosen by the bank may have a significant effect on capital requirements and ultimately on the price of credit. A harmonised calculation of housing loan risk weights would support fair competition between banks..
Business performance measurement : unifying theories and integrating practice
Calibration Services Markets in Europe : Exploratory Study - Flow, Torque, Force Measurements in Focus
Intercomparison in gauge pressure range from 20 Pa to 13 kPa
Abstract: The effects of a short-term pre-designed balance training programme on dynamic balance and postural sway in Parkinson's disease.
The use of Modified Rivermead Mobility Index with cerebrovascular accident patients in Satakunta district
Measurement and instrumentation principles
Checklist of the Geometridae (Lepidoptera) of the former U.S.S.R
The aim of this thesis was to recognize key performance indicators for Wärtsilä Control and Communication Center. The data and legislation of the key performance indicators was also studied and possible problems of the usage. The information was mainly collected from literature and also personnel interview was used. In the second chapter the history of bridge design was under observation. Wärtsilä marine product portfolio was also reviewed in this section which gave understanding the of the used machinery. Environmental regulations and history and usage of key performance indicators were also presented in this chapter. In the third chapter data for the key performance indicator was studied and also most cases the regulations were introduced. The key performance indicators were chosen based on Wärtsilä request and the data sources and calculation formulas were presented. In the last chapter chosen key performance indicators were suited to Wärtsilä Control and Communication Center architecture and possible usage of them were introduced.
This book presents a collection of statistical methods and procedures to assess data coming from educational systems. The topics examined include: statistical methods for constructing composite indicators, applied measurements, assessment of educational systems, measurement of the performance of the students at Italian universities, and statistical modeling for questionnaire data. Other issues are the implications of introducing different assessment criteria and procedures to the Italian university system.
Clinical learning environment and supervision : development and validation of the CLES evaluation scale
Improving performance through statistical thinking
The economics of iterative software development : steering toward better business results
Testing and development of a new precipitation gauge for chemical analysis
Respiratory values for healthy children aged 10-12 in Finland and Ireland : a pilot study
"The success of the Apgar score demonstrates the astounding power of an appropriate clinical instrument. This down-to-earth book provides practical advice, underpinned by theoretical principles, on developing and evaluating measurement instruments in all fields of medicine. It equips you to choose the most appropriate instrument for specific purposes. The book covers measurement theories, methods and criteria for evaluating and selecting instruments. It provides methods to assess measurement properties, such as reliability, validity and responsiveness, and interpret the results. Worked examples and end-of-chapter assignments use real data and well-known instruments to build your skills at implementation and interpretation through hands-on analysis of real-life cases. All data and solutions are available online. This is a perfect course book for students and a perfect companion for professionals/researchers in the medical and health sciences who care about the quality and meaning of the measurements they perform"--Provided by publisher.
The dictionary of land surveyors and local mapmakers of Great Britain and Ireland, 1530-1850
Applying holistic indicators to assess dairy farm efficiency is essential for sustainable milk production. Data Envelopment Analysis (DEA) has been instrumental for the calculation of such indicators. However, 'additive' DEA models have been rarely used in dairy research. This study presented an additive model known as slacks-based measure (SBM) of efficiency and its advantages over DEA models used in most past dairy studies. First, SBM incorporates undesirable outputs as actual outputs of the production process. Second, it identifies the main production factors causing inefficiency. Third, these factors can be 'priced' to estimate the cost of inefficiency. The value of SBM for efficiency analyses was demonstrated with a comparison of four contrasting dairy management systems in terms of technical and environmental efficiency. These systems were part of a multiple-year breeding and feeding systems experiment (two genetic lines: select vs. control; and two feeding strategies: high forage vs. low forage, where the latter involved a higher proportion of concentrated feeds) where detailed data were collected to strict protocols. The select genetic herd was more technically and environmentally efficient than the control herd, regardless of feeding strategy. However, the efficiency performance of the select herd was more volatile from year to year than that of the control herd. Overall, technical and environmental efficiency were strongly and positively correlated, suggesting that when technically efficient, the four systems were also efficient in terms of undesirable output reduction. Detailed data such as those used in this study are increasingly becoming available for commercial herds through precision farming. Therefore, the methods presented in this study are growing in importance..
Abstract: Postoperative pain assessment in pediatric patients : a literature review. The aim of this literature review was to explore the methods and tools used in postoperative pediatric pain assessment. The  purpose of this literature review was to conduct a comprehensive description of pain assessment in pediatric patients in  surgical settings.  The literature review is based on 22 scientific research articles. The data was systematically collected using OVID/CINAHL  and Science Direct. Additionally, manual search through library journal collections and e-journals was conducted in order to  find relevant research literature. A critical appraisal was conducted in order to ensure the suitability of the studies to this  literature review, and to ensure their quality. Literature was analysed and collected using inductive content analysis.  The findings of this literature review showed that postoperative pain in pediatric patients can be assessed by nurses through  patients' self-report, use of behavioural/observational scales and physiological indicators. In addition to these methods used  by nurses, there are tools and methods of pain assessment that are developed for parents. The main factors influencing pain  assessment in this specific patient population were found to be the medical diagnosis, child characteristics and nurse  characteristics.  One of the most important findings of this literature review was that no single pain assessment method or tool should be  used alone; rather, a comprehensive and multifaceted approach in pain assessment is emphasized. Another finding was that  parents may have a negative influence on the pain assessment of their children due to their poor knowledge and  misconceptions. Lastly, the knowledge deficits and unprofessional attitudes toward a child's pain should be confronted  among nurses.  Not all of the pain assessment tools used in pediatric postoperative settings have strong empirical evidence to support their  use. Further research on these tools in needed.  Keywords  Pain.
Re-engineering customer service organization, processes, roles and responsibilities
Experienced emotional quality of life and self-care of the patients with heart failure in Central-Finland
The geometrid moths of Europe. Vol. 3, Subfamily Sterrhinae (II) (Lytriini), Subfamily Larentiinae I
Improving efficiency assessments using additive data envelopment analysis models: an application to contrasting dairy farming systems
Improving purchasing performance measurement : an action research in a Finnish multinational ́s Russian business unit
Flight periods of geometrid moths in central and northern Finland (Lepidoptera)
Quality of life
Optical power measurements : applications in fiber optics and ultraviolet radiometry
Viewing library metrics from different perspectives : inputs, outputs, and outcomes
Measuring and communicating security's value : a compendium of metrics for enterprise protection
Control software for RF power detector
Comparison of the dew-point temperature measurement results of CETIAT and CMA
On the use of optical fibres in industrial sensor applications
Measuring the information system in aggregates business
Operational key performance indicators for merchant vessels
Target your fitness and weight management goals : using target heart rate zones and a Polar Heart Rate Monitor
A compilation of thermodynamic properties measured with an advanced EMF arrangement
Collecting data from measuring instruments
Recent research developments in sound & vibration. Vol. 1, Part 1
Methods and applications of statistics in the social and behavioral sciences
The geometrid moths of Europe. Vol. 4, Larentiinae II (Perizomini and Eupitheciini)
Abstract. - Sammandrag.
Trophic interactions of invasive forest herbivores and consequences for the resident ecosystem
Emotional goal-directed behaviour during affective picture viewing shown by changes in viewing distance and duration
Observational measurement of behavior
Diversity and classification of the Scopulini (Lepidoptera: Geometridae, Sterrhinae)
Housing loan risk weights affect banks' capital adequacy
Measurement of fluid flow in closed conduits : thermal mass flowmeters = Mesure de débit des fluides les conduites fermées : débitmètres massiques par effet thermique
Accounting beta measuring systematic risk : empirical evidence from the Finnish markets
Total performance scorecard : redefining management to achieve performance with integrity
Student reference manual for electronic instrumentation laboratories
Statistical methods for the evaluation of university systems
Experimental methods for engineers
Absolute pressure comparison between Mikes and Vaisala oyj : range 10 Pa to 5000 Pa
Harmonized performance measurement system for basic industry's service centers
Classification of intangibles : some comments
Mitron Oy's audience meter unit and the influence of digital television on audience measurement
Flow measurement engineering handbook
Impacts of New ERP System and Process on Operational Effiency
Abstract: Analysis of reliability and validity of the musculoskeletal performance capacity test battery and the UKK-Institutes 2km walking test in Satalinna back school.
The liquid ionization chamber for transferring absorbed dosse to water calibrations : on the properties of new unguarded LIC designs
Evaluation and measurement in enterprise and software architecture management
Trophic interactions of invase forest herbivores and consequences for the resident ecosystem
Some applications in the field of applied machine vision research
Market indicators : the best-kept secret to more effective trading and investing
Herbivory-related variation in the foliar chemistry of the mountain birch (Betula pubescens spp. czerepanovii)
The flow and level : handbook(tm)
Rethinking performance measurement : beyond the balanced scorecard
An index of coincident economic indicators for Estonia
Business unit & divisional performance measurement
The financial times guide to using economics and economic indicators
Expedient total productivity measurement
Evolutionary and phylogenetic studies of geometrid moths (Lepidoptera, Geometridae)
Condition monitoring of grease lubricated rolling bearings : measurement equipment
The effectiveness of education on critical care nurses' knowledge and skills in adhering to guidelines to prevent ventilator-associated pneumonia
Cross-platform functionality in practice : exploring the influence of system composition on user experiences of personal exercise monitoring
Modern analysis of customer surveys : with applications using R
Know-how : the 8 skills that separate people who perform from those who don't
Abstract: Physical workload among physiotherapists working with adult neurological patienrs in rehabilitation and hospital settings.
International facility management
Electronic Technology in Home Medical Equipment in Chinese Market
Measuring productivity : Measurement of aggregate and industry-level productivity growth : OECD manual
Balanced scorecard versus French tableau de bord : beyond dispute, a cultural and ideological perspective
Measuring the success of coaching : a step-by-step guide for measuring impact and calculating ROI
TCE Total Customer Experience : building Business through Customer-Centric Measurement and Analytics
Wavelets and Maximum Strength Technology Algorithm
Abstract: The purpose of this thesis was to develop supplier performance for Cimcorp. The  study aimed at answering to the following question: “How to develop supplier performance  in Cimcorp?” The development work was done in co-operation with suppliers  by developing their contribution for the delivery of purchased goods and services.  Supplier development methods and tools are used in many organizations to assist  suppliers in improving supply chain performance and providing a major source of  competitive advantage. In Cimcorp the increased competitive pressure at the global  markets forms a driver for continuous improvement.  Qualitative action research was a study method combining the survey, interviews and  observations that all were implemented in the study. The survey for Cimcorp's key  suppliers and interviews for internal customers of the procurement organization were  implemented to analyze the development need of the suppliers' performance during  purchase order-delivery process. The survey and interview results were used to find  the right monitoring tools and practical improvement procedures for developing suppliers'  performance during different phases of purchasing order-delivery process.  The results of the survey for Cimcorp's key suppliers and interviews for the internal  customer indicate that Cimcorp's purchase order-delivery process works mostly well.  The most essential finding was that 60 % of the suppliers do not have their own KPIs  for measuring on-time deliveries and reclaims. That increases the need for monitoring  and informing about suppliers' on-time deliveries and reclaims by Cimcorp.  Sharing performance rates with suppliers is a crucial task benefitting the delivery reliability  of both counterparts. In the addition more active informing about the delivery  times, more focus on the economical transportation and packing methods, new  reports for controlling on-time deliveries and reclaims were suggested as well as taking  a new KPI, cost savings in use.
"Balanced Scorecard like never before ... It contains 94 ... comprehensive answers and extensive details and references, with insights that have never before been offered in print ... offers a thorough view of key knowledge and detailed insight ... some of the subjects covered: IT portfolio management; Overview, internal auditor; Measuring the internal audit function, System Architect (software); Features, business performance management; Methodologies, Management accounting in supply chains; Supply-chain scorecard, Capability management; Capability management frameworks, Balanced Scorecard - History, Risk IT - Risk evaluation, Federal Enterprise Architecture - Performance Reference Model (PRM), Strategische Unternehmensführung (Magazine) - Content, Balanced Scorecard - Characteristics, Organizational intelligence, Software metric; Common software measurements, Corporate governance of information technology Frameworks, Innovation; Organizational level, Corporate performance management; Application software types, Business excellence, Corporate social responsibility; Potential business benefits, IT Governance; Frameworks, List of management topics; Field- or organization-specific management, Results Based Management, Balanced Scorecard; The four perspectives, Harvard Business Review, Information technology governance; Frameworks, Frank Buytendijk; Bibliography, Process improvement; Business leaders, Strategy map; Origin of strategy maps, Microsoft Dynamics AX; Extended core, Index of management articles, Code Metrics; Common software measurements, and much more"--
The effects of a short-term pre-designed balance training programme on dynamic balance and postural sway in Parkinson's disease
Information and documentation : library performance indicators : indicateurs de performance des bibliothèques = Information et documentation
Calibration Services Markets in Europe : Exploratory Study - Flow, Force and Torque Measurement in Focus
Radiation Meters for Civil Defense
Designing an elapsed time meter
Geometridae (Lepidoptera) from the Tian-Shan Mountains in Kazakhstan and Kyrgyzstan, with description of three new species and one new subspecies
Integrated analogue CMOS circuits and structures for heart rate detectors and other low-voltage, low-power applications
Evolution of insect life histories in relation to time constraints in seasonal environments : polymorphism and clinal variation
Biogas measurement techniques and the associated errors
Developing supplier performance
Balanced scorecard evolution : 94 success secrets : 94 most asked questions on Balanced Scorecard - what you need to know
Trophic interactions and cyclic population dynamics of the autumnal moth : the importance of hymenopteran parasitoids
The program evaluation standards : a guide for evaluators and evaluation users
The green scorecard : measuring the return on investment in sustainability initiatives
Intercomparison of humidity generators at PTB and CMA
Embrace life : bio-technology working on you, with you and for you : encouraging exercise and awareness of stress and reactivity
Strategic giving : the art and science of philanthropy
Managing R&D with performance measurements : case study of Outokumpu Tornio Research Centre's Research Department
Offshoring effectiveness : a measurement and improvement approach
Analysis of reliability and validity of the musculoskeletal performance capacity test battery and the UKK-Institutes 2km walking test in Satalinna back school
Development and validation of a drug-related problem risk assessment tool for use by practical nurses working with community-dwelling aged
An overview of the cleantech sector : evaluating environmental indicators
Balanced scorecard evolution : a dynamic approach to strategy execution
The geometrid moths of Europe. Vol. 1, Introduction, Archiearinae, Orthostixinae, Desmobathrinae, Alsophilinae, Geometrinae
Business performance measurement : theory and practice
Risk parity : a modern tool for diversification
Western Finland Mental Health Survey 2014 : survey methods
The work gives insight to the business from a logistics point of view. Logistics has a strategic impact on the operations in a company. Measures are made to assist in managing the supply chain. The supply chain includes managing the raw material flow, production, distribution, services, information and capital flows. The paper will focus on the feasibility of performance measurement in logistics and especially on the backorder report. Logistics measures used in Polar Electro Oy are made to improve efficiency in the supply chain and minimize the costs. Backorder report, which is predicts delivery accuracy results, lists all the orders that are delayed more than three days. Delivery accuracy tells directly whether the deliveries are processed on time, in advance or whether they are delayed. Backorder report was created in order to proactively manage the delivery accuracy and optimize the system resources. The creation and enhancement project of backorder report is introduced in this work. The concrete result of the report was the improved management of existing back orders. The report also facilitated to define the main reasons for the back orders. Reported causes were e.g. the customer`s delay in prepayment settlement and suppliers` shortage of material.
Supervising the functionality of an order fulfillment process : what managers wish to monitor
Performance measurement in logistics : the case of backorder reporting at Polar Electro Oy
Improving purchasing performance measurement : an action research in a Finnish multinational's Russian business unit
PC Calibration of Measuring Instrument
Suomen tilastoseuran vuosikirja = Årsbok för Statistiska samfundet i Finland = The yearbook of the Finnish Statistical Society. 2004.
Transforming performance measurement : rethinking the way we measure and drive organizational success
Measuring lead time performance
The consumer markets scoreboard
The geometrid moths of Europe. Vol. 2, Sterrhinae
Postoperative pain assessment in pediatric patients : a literature review
Maintenance management auditing : in search of maintenance management excellence
Assessment of physical functioning in ambulatory persons with multiple sclerosis : aspects of reliability, responsiveness, and clinical usefulness in the ICF framework
Examining self-rated health in old age : a methodological study of survey questions
Notes on the biology of Entephria polata (Lepidoptera, Geometridae)
Software development of Carefree Meter
Global design watch 2010
Comparison of methods for estimation of needle losses in Scots pine following defoliation by Bupalus piniaria
The role of the pharmaceutical sector in malaria control in Ghana
Canadian occupational performance measure
Reliability importance measures and their calculation
Developing Performance Dashboard with Qlikview : Wärtsilä Power Plants
Measurement of physical functioning in comprehensive national health surveys : International Classification of Functioning, Disability, and Health, ICF as framework
The Heart rate monitor book
Cross-regional analysis of population aging in the Arctic
At the controls : the Smithsonian National Air and Space Museum book of cockpits
Utilizing a multipoint measuring system of photosynthetically active radiation in photosynthetic studies within canopies
Advances in traceability of solar ultraviolet radiation measurements
Fault-proneness of open source software: Exploring its relations to internal software quality and maintenance process
Development of an inductive NIS thermometer
The ROI fieldbook
Information Security in Smart Electricity Metering
Maximum Performance Management : how to manage and compensate people to meet world competition
Identification for prediction and decision
