http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21268 graphic novels
graphic novels
Life sucks
Nelson
Zita the spacegirl. Book 1, Far from home
Trashed
Velvet. [Volume 2], The Secret Lives of Dead Men
My milk toof : the adventures of Ickle and Lardee
My dirty dumb eyes
The rabbi's cat. 2
Artichoke tales
Oklahoma teen Neal Barton stands up for his favorite fantasy series, The Chronicles of Apathea Ravenchilde, when conservative Christians try to bully the town of Americus into banning it from the public library.
Pride of Baghdad
Blankets : a graphic novel
Diary of a wimpy kid. 3, The last straw
Jane Austen's Emma
A frame of you : construction of characters in graphic novels
Naruto. Vol. 29 : Kakashi vs. Itachi
Naming monsters
Twilight: collector's edition graphic novel
Naoki Urasawa's monster. Vol. 7, Richard
The hot rock
Aang and Katara work to maintain peace between the Fire Lord Zuko and Earth King Kuei, while Sokka helps Toph prepare her metalbending school to defend itself against a rival class of firebenders.
Sláine : the Brutania chronicles. Book one, A simple killing
Naoki Urasawa's monster. Vol. 5, After the carnival
Greg Heffley tells about his summer vacation and his attempts to steer clear of trouble when he returns to middle school and tries to keep his older brother Rodrick from telling everyone about Greg's most humiliating experience of the summer.
First year healthy
The hunchback of Notre Dame
"When Nicole Georges was two years old, her family told her that her father was dead. When she was twenty-three, a psychic told her he was alive. Her sister, saddled with guilt, admits that the psychic is right and that the whole family has conspired to keep him a secret. Sent into a tailspin about her identity, Nicole turns to radio talk-show host Dr. Laura Schlessinger for advice-- Calling Dr. Laura tells the story of what happens to you when you are raised in a family of secrets, and what happens to your brain (and heart) when you learn the truth from an unlikely source"--Publisher's web site
The motherless oven
Naoki Urasawa's monster. Vol. 6, The secret woods
Are you my mother? : a comic drama
Middle-schooler Greg Heffley nimbly sidesteps his father's attempts to change Greg's wimpy ways until his father threatens to send him to military school.
Naruto. Vol. 13, The Chûnin exam, concluded...!!
Naoki Urasawa's monster. Vol. 9, A nameless monster
Diary of a wimpy kid. 2, Rodrick rules
The coldest city
Elric of Melniboné
Americus
Naruto. Vol. 25, Brothers
Constantine : the Hellblazer collection
Oscar Wilde's the picture of Dorian Gray : a graphic novel
Diary of a wimpy kid. 9, The Long haul
Alan Moore's Light of thy countenance
The dark crystal : creation myths. [1]
Naruto. Vol. 24, Unorthodox
Bram Stoker's Dracula
Salem Brownstone : all along the watchtowers
Dame Darcy is one of the sui generis artistic talents of the past two decades -- musician, actress, fortune teller, dollmaker, Gen X/feminist icon, and last but not least, cartoonist to the core -- and has been bewitching readers for over 20 years with her neo-Victorian horror/humor/romance comic Meat Cake. Alternating between one-off (often cruelly tragic) fairy tales and ongoing romps starring her eclectic cast of characters, including Effluvia the Mermaid, the roguish rou©♭ Wax Wolf, Igpay the Pig-Latin pig, Stregapez (a women who speaks by dispensing Pez-like tablets through a bloody hole in her throat), the mischievous Siamese twins Hindrance and Perfidia, Scampi the Selfish Shellfish, the stalwart Friend the Girl, and the blonde bombshell Richard Dirt, all delineated in her inimitable luxurious scrawl, Meat Cake is like a peek into the most creative, deranged dollhouse you ever saw. The Meat Cake Bible is the definitive collection of the series, collecting every story from all 17 issues (1993-2008) -- including "Hungry Is the Heart," Darcy's legendary collaboration with Alan Moore -- as well as new stories from the unpublished 18th issue.
The blood of Olympus
Baltimore. Volume two : The curse bells
Frankenstein : the graphic novel : original text version
Aaron and Ahmed
Diary of a wimpy kid. 8, Hard luck
The Alchemist : a graphic novel
Diary of a wimpy kid : Greg Heffley's journal
Mikhail Bulgakov's The master and Margarita : a graphic novel
Naruto. Vol. 17, Itachi's power
The rabbi's cat
Thunder & lightning : weather past, present, future
Invisible people
The vicar woman
Diary of a wimpy kid : Rodrick rules
iZombie. [1], Dead to the world
Ray Bradbury's the Martian chronicles : the authorized adaptation
The stranger
Ordinary victories : [a graphic novel]
Mouse Guard. [1], Autumn 1152
Comic heroes : Helsinki
The son of Neptune
Twilight and history
The continuing adventures of the undead detective Gwen and her ghost pal Ellie and were-terrier Spot, written by World Fantasy Award finalist Chris Roberson! This collection features the "real-time" storyline "5 Brains, 5 Months," which follows the team as they uncover mystery after mystery over the course of a five-month period.
The night bookmobile
War-fix
Munnu : a boy from Kashmir
Trinity : a graphic history of the first atomic bomb
Owly is a kind, yet lonely, little owl who's always on the search for new friends and adventure. Relying on a mixture of symbols, icons, and expressions to tell his silent stories, Runton's clean, animated, and heartwarming style makes it a perfect read. Owly learns that sometimes you have to make sacrifices and work at things that are important, especially friendship.
City of glass
Black Beauty
Every time Gwen, a zombie, eats someone's brains she also inherits some of their memories and the latest morsel she devoured gives her memories of a murder she and her friends need to solve.
Naruto. Vol. 11, Impassioned efforts
Writing and illustrating the graphic novel
How to draw graphic novel -style
Avatar : the last airbender. The promise. Part two
Following the zombie invasion of Eugene, Oregon, the newly-undead Gwen goes underground to elude the troops who have been sent to her town to kill zombies, one of whom is her boyfriend who just found out he has been dating a zombie.
Dame Darcy is one of the sui generis artistic talents of the past two decades - musician, actress, fortune teller, dollmaker, Gen X/feminist icon and last but not least, cartoonist to the core - and has been bewitching readers for over 20 years with her neo-Victorian horror / humour / romance comic Meat Cake. The Meat Cake Bible collects every story from all 17 issues (1993-2008)
Frame as a tool to build autobiographical self in old and new media : a study of Marjane Satrapi's Persepolis
My friend Dahmer : a graphic novel
Naoki Urasawa's monster. Vol. 1, Herr dr. Tenma
iZombie. [3], Six feet under and rising
Regards from Serbia : [cartoonist's diary of a crisis in Serbia]
Meet Ickle and Lardee: little baby teeth with big personalities and a fondness for adventure. Featuring brand new tales and classic exploits from the My milk toof blog, these twelve stories explore the world from Ickle and Lardee's tiny perspectives, whether they're taking a toothbrush bath, splashing in the pool, baking cupcakes, or enjoying the little things in life (literally).
Fyodor Dostoevsky's Crime & punishment : a graphic novel
Diary of a wimpy kid : the last straw
The power of comics : history, form, and culture
Velvet. [Volume 1], Before the living end
Strange attractors
Neil Gaiman's Teknophage : the complete comics. Volume 1
Dungeon quest. Book two
The house of Hades
Meat cake bible
A Frame of you : characters in graphic novels
Giants beware!
Jonathan Swift's Gulliver's travels
Invisible ink : my mother's love affair with a famous cartoonist : a graphic memoir
Mary Shelley's Frankenstein
Diary of a wimpy kid. 6, Cabin fever
Stand Still. Stay Silent
Avatar : the last airbender. The promise. Part three
On the side of the angels
Jules Verne's 20000 leagues under the sea
Demon house
Diary of a wimpy kid. 1
Owly : just a little blue
Diary of a wimpy kid. 5, The ugly truth
Calling Dr. Laura : a graphic memoir
Days of the Bagnold summer
Go home : 12 moving stories
Naoki Urasawa's monster. Vol. 8, My nameless hero
Faster than a speeding bullet : the rise of the graphic novel
Words for pictures : the art and business of writing comics and graphic novels
Lighter than my shadow
Clive Barker's next testament. Volume one
Yossel : April 19, 1943 : a story of the Warsaw ghetto uprising
Diary of a wimpy kid. 7, The third wheel
Avatar : the last airbender. The promise. Part one
"Theodora is a perfectly normal duck. She may swim with a teacup balanced on her head and stay north when the rest of the ducks fly south for the winter, but there's nothing so odd about that. Chad, on the other hand, is one strange bird. Theodora quite likes him, but she can't overlook his odd habits. It's a good thing Chad has a normal friend like Theodora to set a good example for him. But who exactly is the odd duck here? Theodora may not like the answer"--Book jacket.
Naruto. Vol. 12, The great flight
Black Science. Volume 1, How to fall forever
Ray Bradbury's Something wicked this way comes : the authorized adaptation
In uVampire, Gwen Dylan dines on the grey matter of a person who knew her as a child-- and things quickly get complicated. Meanwhile, ghost-girl Ellie learns a few tricks from Amon the mummy; Spot the were-terrier meets someone from Gwen's past, Galatea engages in some grave-robbing; and monster-hunters tackle the town's vampire problem.
Treasure island
From hell
Baltimore. Volume 5 : The apostle and the witch or Harju
Sketches from a nameless land : the art of The arrival
Greg records his sixth grade experiences in a middle school where he and his best friend, Rowley, undersized weaklings amid boys who need to shave twice daily, hope just to survive, but when Rowley grows more popular, Greg must take drastic measures to save their friendship.
Legenderry : a steampunk adventure
Shackleton : Antarctic odyssey
The comics journal. [Vol.] 302
Pride and prejudice
Lingua comica : graphic novels from Asia & Europe
Owly. 2 : Just a little blue
Panther
Diary of a wimpy kid. 4, Dog days
