http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21287 product policy
product policy
The implementation process of E.U. directives on product safety, product liability and unfair contract terms : proceedings of a Conference held in Riga (Latvia) on 13 and 14 October 1994
Trade restrictions affecting international trade in non-wood forest products
Evaluating adaptation and the production development of Finnish agriculture in climate and global change
Essays on environmental quality competition in a vertically differentiated duopoly model
OECD-FAO agricultural outlook
Agricultural trade liberalization and the European Community
Juran's quality control handbook
"Apple sees design as a tool for creating beautiful experiences that convey a point of view down to the smallest detail--from the tactile feedback of keyboard to the out-of-the-box experience of an iPhone package. And all of these capabilities are founded in a deep and rich embrace of what it means to be a designer. Design Like Apple uncovers the lessons from Apple's unique approach to product creation, manufacturing, delivery, and customer experience"--Provided by publisher.
Forming of agricultural policy and its implementation in practice including some applications of the U.S. experiences : Prague, September 2.-3.1993
Premium by design : how to understand, design and market high end products
Synthesizing : a blue ocean
Foundations of farm policy
Product life cycle assessments : principles and methodology
The affluent society
Agricultural trade liberalization and the least developed countries
Essays on environmental policy and strategic behavior in international trade
Decoupling in the transport sector : relative changes in CO2 emissions from transport and GDP in world countries 1975-2005
Designing products people love : how great designers create successful products
Agriculture and trade in China and India : policies and performance since 1950
Economic impacts of the enlargement of the European Union : analysing the importance of direct payments
Privileged goods : commodization and its impact on environment and society
Citizens' attitudes towards multifunctional agriculture
Special and differential treatment under the WTO Agreement on Agriculture
Agricultural and food policy
Organic marketing initiatives and rural development. Volume 3, Organic producer initiatives and rural development - four European case studies
Bioeconomy and ecosystem services - synergy or conflict? : horizontal and vertical policy analysis, modelling and orchestration in practice : Final Conference Proceedings of FPS COST Action FP1207
The effects of trade and exchange rate policies on production incentives in agriculture
The politics of agricultural policy-making in Canada
Hidden in plain sight : how to create extraordinary products for tomorrow's customers
Tourists of history : memory, kitsch, and consumerism from Oklahoma City to Ground Zero
The new science of retailing : how analytics are transforming the supply chain and improving performance
The Brazilian wheat policy: its costs, benefits, and effects on food consumption
Russia's economy and imports to contract further
The economics of price discrimination
Experiences on the implementation of environmental product policy in the Finnish electrical and electronics industry
The scope and objectives of consumer law : proceedings of a Conference held in Gdansk (Poland) on 16 and 17 September 1994
Harvard business essentials : managing creativity and innovation
Vertical market integration and competition : the meat sector in Slovenia
Agricultural price policy for developing countries
Forest and forest products country profile : Georgia
The culture of planned obsolescence in technology companies
Environmental life cycle assessment of products : backgrounds - October 1992
Successful product management : a guide to strategy, planning and development
Effects of exchange rate and trade policies on agriculture in Pakistan
"The Korean peninsula during the Cold War provided a cruel but historically unparalleled real-world "experiment" in the relationship between polity and material advance: an ethnically and culturally homogenous nation was, in 1945, suddenly divided by an arbitrary boundary line and then subjected to two radically different and adversarial political economies for successive decades on end. Assessing the competition between the North and South Korean economies from partition to the end of the Soviet era, Nicholas Eberstadt argues that the storyline is not quite as simple as the now-prevailing narrative suggests (that centrally-planned economies are doomed to fail against market-oriented alternatives). Rather, he suggests, the race for material progress was just that: a race, the results of which were far from preordained at the outset. In Policy and Economic Performance in Divided Korea during the Cold War Era: 1945-91, Eberstadt presents an impressive compilation of hard-to-find comparative data on economic performance for the Democratic People's Republic of Korea (DPRK, or North Korea) and the Republic of Korea (ROK, or South Korea) over two critical generations. By a number of indicators, Eberstadt argues, Kim Il Sung's North Korea actually outperformed South Korea for much of this period -- not only in the years immediately following partition, but perhaps also into the 1970s. To explain these surprising results, Eberstadt details the impact of government policies on the course of growth of both economies and offers some unorthodox observations about material performance under these two contending polities. He finds that prevailing economic development theory on such issues as planned-versus-market economies, military burden, and the relationship between material advance and poverty, may require reexamination in light of the experience of the two Koreas between partition and the end of the Cold War." --Back cover.
Not by timber alone : economics and ecology for sustaining tropical forests
Storage, trade, and price policy under production instability: maize in Kenya
Forest certification update for the UNECE region, 2002
Multifunctional agriculture : implications for policy design
Agricultural policies in emerging and transition economies 2001 : special focus on non-tariff measures
Empirical evidence on the long-term dynamics of competitive strategy : product mix development in Fazer Confectionery 1950-1990
Environmental improvement in product chains
Agricultural policies, protectionism and trade : selected working papers, 1985-1987
Proceedings of the Biennial Meeting of the Scandinavian Society of Forest Economics, Lom, Norway 6th-9th April, 2008
An estimate of eco-industries in the European Union 1994 : a joint project of DG XI - Environment, Nuclear and Civil Protection [and] Eurostat - The Statistical Office of the European Communities
Comparative advantage of agricultural production systems and its policy implications in Pakistan
"The missing manual on how to apply Lean Startup to build products that customers love The Lean Product Playbook is a practical guide to building products that customers love. Whether you work at a startup or a large, established company, we all know that building great products is hard. Most new products fail. This book helps improve your chances of building successful products through clear, step-by-step guidance and advice. The Lean Startup movement has contributed new and valuable ideas about product development and has generated lots of excitement. However, many companies have yet to successfully adopt Lean thinking. Despite their enthusiasm and familiarity with the high-level concepts, many teams run into challenges trying to adopt Lean because they feel like they lack specific guidance on what exactly they should be doing. If you are interested in Lean Startup principles and want to apply them to develop winning products, this book is for you.
Guidelines for the application of life cycle assessment in the EU eco-label award scheme : a report
"A new way to create-and then disrupt Industry disruption is no longer isolated to a unique product or service. Today's consumer needs engagement in order to be swayed to interact, connect, and buy your next offering. Achieve this and you'll achieve success. Sharp and refreshing, design insider and expert Jon Kolko offers a new view and usable process for conceiving and building powerful, emotionally resonant new products in this new book. In Well-Designed, Kolko-VP at MyEdu and Founder and Director of the Austin Center for Design--shows how deep, meaningful engagement happens when products and services are delivered in an authentic way, when consumers see them less like manufactured artifacts and more like good friends. The key is empathy-driven design thinking, using a process of storytelling and iteration, with results that provoke emotion, change behavior, and create deep engagement. Kolko, who has been engaged in this process of design for more than 15 years, now shares a concrete set of steps for identifying lucrative opportunities, designing for innovation, and producing products that have deep, meaningful emotional engagement. By following this process, readers will learn how to raise the role of design to a strategic competency"--
Agriculture and the policy environment : Tanzania and Kenya
Design and marketing of new products
Agricultural policy in the European Union and other market economies
Articulating and mainstreaming agricultural trade policy and support measures
"Most startups are built to fail. But those failures, according to entrepreneur Eric Ries, are preventable. Startups don't fail because of bad execution, or missed deadlines, or blown budgets. They fail because they are building something nobody wants. Whether they arise from someone's garage or are created within a mature Fortune 500 organization, new ventures, by definition, are designed to create new products or services under conditions of extreme uncertainly. Their primary mission is to find out what customers ultimately will buy. One of the central premises of The Lean Startup movement is what Ries calls "validated learning" about the customer. It is a way of getting continuous feedback from customers so that the company can shift directions or alter its plans inch by inch, minute by minute. Rather than creating an elaborate business plan and a product-centric approach, Lean Startup prizes testing your vision continuously with your customers and making constant adjustments".
PLM vision 2016 and beyond
Well-designed : how to use empathy to create products people love
Trade, aid, and policy reform : proceedings of the 8th Agriculture sector symposium
In the wake of a second export price shock late last year, the Bank of Finland now expects Russian GDP to contract 3% in 2016. Our new forecast assumes the price of oil averages slightly over $40 a barrel this year, about 60% below the 2014 average. With the economy shrinking and depressed export earnings, Russian imports should fall another 10% this year..
The lean startup : how today's entrepreneurs use continuous innovation to create radically successful businesses
Essays on EC trade policies and development
Reshaping American agriculture to meet its biofuel and biopolymer roles
Policy and economic performance in divided Korea during the Cold War era : 1945-91
Risk management and governance of chemicals in articles : case study textiles
European timber trends and prospects : into the 21st century
New business creation : systems for institutionalized radiacal innovation management
Soybeans and their products : markets, models, and policy
International trade in agricultural products
"How can you create products that successfully find customers? With this practical book, you'll learn from some of the best product designers in the field, from companies like Facebook and LinkedIn to up-and-coming contenders. You'll understand how to discover and interpret customer pain, and learn how to use this research to guide your team through each step of product creation. Written for designers, product managers, and others who want to communicate better with designers, this book is essential reading for anyone who contributes to the product creation process"--Back cover.
CIM coursebook : delivering customer value through marketing
Trade and environment issues in the forest and forest products sector
The effects of economic policies on African agriculture
Nominal income as an intermediate target for monetary policy
Agricultural marketing strategy and pricing policy
Institutional changes in agricultural product and input markets and their impact on agricultural performance
Corporate environmental management : a blueprint for categorising environmental policies
Communication and uncertainty in concurrent engineering
The agricultural situation in the European Union : 2002 report
Elements of agricultural trade policies
Gender equality in global value chains and the role of Aid for Trade in promoting gender equality and women’s employment in developing countries
The lean product playbook : how to innovate with minimum viable products and rapid customer feedback
The world rice markets : government intervention and multilateral policy reform. Nathan W. Childs
Design like Apple : seven principles for creating insanely great products, services, and experiences
Forest and forest products country profile Ukraine
The retailing reader
Specific characteristics of agricultural trade with respect to trade policy
Plain facts on the Swedish forests and their products : annual publication 1992
The 1st Nordic Innovation Research Conference - Finnkampen
Competition law, environmental policy and producer responsibility : experiences in the Netherlands from a European perspective
Agricultural product prices and policies influence the development of crop yields under climate change through farm level management decisions. On this basis, five main scenarios were specified for agricultural commodity prices and crop yields. An economic agricultural sector model was used in order to assess the impacts of the scenarios on production, land use and farm income in Finland. The results suggest that falling crop yields, if realized due to low prices and restrictive policies, will result in decreasing crop and livestock production and increasing nutrient surplus. Slowly increasing crop yields could stabilise production and increase farm income. Significantly higher crop prices and yields are required, however, for any marked increase in production in Finland. Cereals production would increase relatively more than livestock production, if there were high prices for agricultural products. This is explained by abundant land resources, a high opportunity cost of labour and policies maintaining current dairy and beef production.
Agricultural trade and policy modelling : model divergence and recent developments
Agricultural price policies: issues and proposals
The consequences of the EC agricultural policy for Scandinavian agriculture : a trade approach
Leading the Starbucks way : 5 principles for connecting with your customers, your products and your people
