http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21297 pranks
pranks
Ivor the invisible
"In Practically Joking, the first full-length study of the practical joke, Moira Marsh examines the value, artistry, and social significance of this ancient and pervasive form of vernacular art. Though it is sometimes dismissed as the lowest form of humor, the practical joke comes from a lively tradition of expressive play. Both sophistication and intellectual satisfaction is found in them, and the best demand significant skill and talent, not only to think up but also to execute. Practically Joking establishes the practical joke as an art form subject to critical evaluation by both practitioners and audiences, operating under the guidance of local aesthetic and ethical canons. Marsh studies the range of genres that pranks comprise, offers a theoretical look at the reception of practical jokes based on "transgressive humor," a theory that sees humor as playful violation, and uses real life examples of practical jokes in context to establish the form's varieties and meanings as an independent genre, as well as its inextricable relationship with a range of folklore forms. Scholars of folklore, humor and popular culture will find much of interest in Practically Joking"--
Witch pigs
The twits
The Twits
Emil and the great escape
The tale of Samuel Whiskers : or the roly-poly pudding
The tale of Mr. Tod
Finnish children's and young people's literature 2012-2014 : self-reliance, courage and sisu in Finnish picture books
Horrid Henry gets rich quick
Mater and the ghost light
The Terrible Two get worse
Moody Margaret's school
The terrible two
Hans and Matilda
Kuoripoikien kosto : The dangerous lives of altar boys
Emil and the sneaky rat
Practically joking
The world's best Karlson
Horrid Henry's haunted house
The tale of Samuel Whiskers : or the roly poly pudding
Alligator action
Arf and the greedy grabber
Children's and youth books which received recognition, 2008-2009
Waiting for Gonzo
Moody Margaret's School
Friends and pranking partners Miles and Niles face a tough challenge when their favorite goat and nemesis, Principal Barkin, is replaced by his stern, no-nonsense father, Former Principal Barkin, who turns the school into boot camp. / WorldCat.
The giraffe and the pelly and me ; Esio trot
That's not funny!
The sticy doll trap
Horrid Henry's nits
The cheeky monkey
Stinkbomb & Ketchup-Face and the evilness of pizza
A mischievous little rabbit : tales of danger and daring
Horrid Henry's stinkbomb
That boy Emil!
A mischievous Little Rabbit : tales of danger and daring
Horrid Henry's tricky tricks
Dead simple
Looking for Alaska
Horrid Henry's all time favourite joke book
Mean girls 2
The best of stuntology : 304 pranks, tricks & challenges to amuse & annoy your friends
The most brilliant trick ever
