http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21222 mimesis
mimesis
Lucilius and Horace : a study in the classical theory of imitation
Too beautiful to picture : Zeuxis, myth, and mimesis
The image of a second sun : Plato on poetry, rhetoric, and the Technē of Mimēsis
Joyce's Ulysses as national epic : epic mimesis and the political history of the nation state
Violence, desire, and the sacred. Volume 2, René Girard and sacrifice in life, love, and literature
Why fiction?
The Pygmalion effect : from Ovid to Hitchcock
Art, mimesis and the avant-garde : aspects of a philosophy of difference
The challenge of bewilderment : understanding and representation in James, Conrad, and Ford
"Victor Stoichita traces the reverbations of Ovid's founding myth of Pygmalion from ancient times through the advent of cinema. Emphasizing its erotic origins, he locates echoes of this famous fable in everything from legendary incarnations of Helen of Troy to surrealist painting to photographs of both sculpture and people artfully posed to simulate statues. But it was only with the invention of moving pictures, Stoichita argues, that the modern age found a fitting embodiment of the Pygmalion story's influence. Concluding with an analysis of Alfred Hitchcock films that focuses on Kim Novak's double persona in Vertigo, The Pygmalion Effect illuminates the fluctuating connections that link aesthetics, magic, and technical skill. In the process, it sheds new light on a mysterious world of living artifacts that, until now, has occupied a dark and little-understood realm in the history of Western image making."--BOOK JACKET.
Death and representation
Anthropology of education
Representations : images of the world in Ciceronian oratory
Imitate Anacreon! : mimesis, poiesis, and the poetic inspiration in the Carmina Anacreontea
Theories of Mimesis
Storytelling beyond postmodernism : fables and the fairy tale
Motives for fiction
Mimesis and science : empirical research on imitation and the mimetic theory of culture and religion
East-West mimesis : Auerbach in Turkey
Senses of embodiement : art, technics, media / Mika Elo, Miika Luoto (eds)
Mimesis, with its connecting concepts of imitation, simile, and similarity, has been cited since classical times in the exploration of the relationship between art and reality. In this major study Arne Melberg discusses the theory and history of mimesis through narratological analysis of texts by Plato, Cervantes, Rousseau, and Kierkegaard. Moving away from the relatively straightforward 'representation of reality' ideas in Erich Auerbach's Mimesis (1946), Melberg brings the concept of mimesis into the context of the literary theories of de Man and others. Theories of Mimesis is a strenuously argued account of language and time, charting the movement of mimesis from the Platonic philosophy of similarity to modern ideas of difference.
Features of the poetic : the mimetic method of the visual artist
Horizontal rivalry, vertical transcendence : identity and idolatry in Muriel Sparks The prime of Miss Jean Brodie and Donna Tartt's The secret history
Mimesis and Empire : The New World, Islam, and European Identities
From Plato to Lumière : narration and monstration in literature and cinema
On the interrelation of genre and mimesis, especially in science fiction and realist fiction
The everyday effect : the cognitive dimension of realism
This collection of state of the art interpretations of the thought of Rene Girard follows on from the volume Violence, Desire, and the Sacred: Girard's Mimetic Theory Across the Disciplines (2012). The previous collection has been acclaimed for demonstrating and showcasing Girard's mimetic theory at its inter-disciplinary best by bringing together scholars who apply Girard's insights in different fields. This new volume builds on and extends the work of that earlier collection by moving into new areas such as psychology, politics, classical literature, national literature, and practical applications of Girard's theory in pastoral/spiritual care, peace-making and religious thought and practice.
Mimesis as make-believe : on the foundations of the representational arts
A readjustment in our bearings : untimely reference in Peter Weiss's Die Ästhetik des Widerstands
Narrating the visual in Shakespeare
Chaucer's agents : cause and representation in Chaucerian narrative
Unmaking mimesis : essays on feminism and theater
Realism and representation : essays on the problem of rea lism in relation to science, literature, and culture
American superrealism : Nathanael West and the politics of representation in the 1930s
Decadent new woman (un)bound : mimetic strategies in L. Onerva's 'Mirdja'
Being played : mimesis, fictionality and emotional engagement
The world and its rival : essays on literary imagination in honor of Per Nykrog
Ricoeur on time and narrative : an introduction to Temps et récit
Trauma and its representations : the social life of mimesis in post-revolutionary France
Rethinking mimesis : concepts and practices of literary representation
Victorian renovations of the novel : narrative annexes and the boundaries of representation
Aristotle's poetics
Complementary modes of representation in Keats, Novalis, and Shelley
The extension of life : fiction and history in the American novel
Monstrous imagination
Fifty years after its publication in English, René Girard'sDeceit, Desire, and the Novel(1965) has never ceased to fascinate, challenge, inspire, and sometimes irritate, literary scholars. It has become one of the great classics of literary criticism, and the notion of triangular desire is now part of the theoretical parlance among critics and students. It also represents the genetic starting point for what has become one of the most encompassing, challenging, and far-reaching theories conceived in the humanities in the last century: mimetic theory. This book provides a forum for new generations of scholars and critics to reassess, challenge, and expand the theoretical and hermeneutical reach of key issues brought forward by Girard's book, including literary knowledge, realism and representation, imitation and the anxiety of influence, metaphysical desire, deviated transcendence, literature and religious experience, individualism and modernity, and death and resurrection. It also provides a more extensive and detailed historical understanding of the representation of desire, imitation, and rivalry within European and world literature, from Dante to Proust and from Dickens to Jonathan Littell.
Legal literary thefts? : negotiating the distinction between imitation and plagiarism in the seventeenth century
Narrative and representation in the poetry of Wallace Stevens : 'a tune beyond us, yet ourselves'
Fallen languages : crises of representation in Newtonian England, 1660-1740
From sovereign to symbol : an age of ritual determinism in fourteenth century Japan
The genealogy of aesthetics
Calibrations : reading for the social
Mimesis and purposeful novels and plays : tendensroman and tendersdrama in nineteenth-century Nordic realism
East West Mimesis follows the plight of German-Jewish humanists who escaped Nazi persecution by seeking exile in a Muslim-dominated society. Kader Konuk asks why philologists like Erich Auerbach found humanism at home in Istanbul at the very moment it was banished from Europe. She challenges the notion of exile as synonymous with intellectual isolation and shows the reciprocal effects of German émigrés on Turkey's humanist reform movement. By making literary critical concepts productive for our understanding of Turkish cultural history, the book provides a new approach to the study of East-West relations. Central to the book is Erich Auerbach's Mimesis: The Representation of Reality in Western Literature, written in Istanbul after he fled Germany in 1936. Konuk draws on some of Auerbach's key concepts—figura as a way of conceptualizing history and mimesis as a means of representing reality—to show how Istanbul shaped Mimesis and to understand Turkey's humanist reform movement as a type of cultural mimesis.
As powerful, pointed imitation, cultural mimesis can effect inclusion in a polity, threaten state legitimacy, or undo the originality upon which such legitimacy is based. In Mimesis and Empire , first published in 2001, Barbara Fuchs explores the intricate dynamics of imitation and contradistinction among early modern European powers in literary and historiographical texts from sixteenth- and early seventeenth-century Spain, Italy, England and the New World. The book considers a broad sweep of material, including European representations of New World subjects and of Islam, both portrayed as 'other' in contemporary texts. It supplements the transatlantic perspective on early modern imperialism with an awareness of the situation in the Mediterranean and considers problems of reading and literary transmission; imperial ideology and colonial identities; counterfeits and forgery; and piracy.
Art and truth after Plato
Victorian Renovations of the Novel : Narrative Annexes and the Boundaries of Representation
Authority and representation in early modern discourse
Professional wrestling as a performing art : a performance studies perspective on the mimetic spectacle of WrestleMania and professional wrestling as popular theatre
The distinction of fiction
Mimesis and theory : essays on literature and criticism, 1953-2005
How picturebooks work
Mimesis : the representation of reality in Western literature
The sacrifice of Socrates : Athens, Plato, Girard
The soul of poetry redefined : vacillations of mimesis from Aristotle to Romanticism
Liberation exhibitions as a commemorative membrane of socialist Hungary
Literal figures : Puritan allegory and the Reformation crisis in representation
Life : creative mimesis of emotion : from sorrow to elation: elegiac virtuosity in literature
On the Platonic theory of art and its relevance to the modern world
The necessity of theater : the art of watching and being watched
Of words and the world : referential anxiety in contemporary French fiction
Mimesis, sign, and the evolution of language
Mimesis in a cognitive perspective : Mallarmé, Flaubert, and Eminescu
Control of the imaginary : reason and imagination in modern times
The invention of suspicion : law and mimesis in Shakespeare and Renaissance drama
Continental aesthetics : romanticism to postmodernism : an anthology : a critical reader
Mimesis, desire, and the novel : René Girard and literary criticism
Paul Ricœur and the role of plot in narrative worldmaking
Divine or human images? : Neoplatonic and Christian views on works of art and aesthetics
René́ Girard : violence and mimesis
Varieties of audio mimesis : musical evocations of landscape
Mimesis, poiesis, and performativity in education
The theatre of death : the uncanny in mimesis : Tadeusz Kantor, Aby Warburg, and an iconology of the actor
Fantasy and mimesis : responses to reality in western literature
Apocalyptic futures : marked bodies and the violence of the text in Kafka, Conrad, and Coetzee
Metamimesis : imitation in Goethe's Wilhelm Meisters Lehrjahre and early German romanticism
Theories of mimesis
"The proper relation between words and things" : A. S. Byatt's "Raw material" and the question of contemporary realism
Time and narrative. Vol. 3
Mimesis in contemporary theory : an interdisciplinary approach. Vol. 2, Mimesis, semiosis and power
Seeing and saying : self-referentiality in British and American literature
Time and narrative
The real in the unreal : mimesis and postmodern American fiction
Acting with words : communication, rhetorical performance and performative acts in Latin literature
Distinct from the dominant expectation that actors should appear life-like onstage, why is it that some theatre artists – from Craig to Castellucci – have conceived of the actor in the image of the dead? Furthermore, how might an iconology of the actor allow us to imagine the afterlife of an apparently ephemeral art practice? This book explores such questions through the implications of the twofold analogy proposed in its very title: as theatre is to the uncanny, so death is to mimesis; and as theatre is to mimesis, so death is to the uncanny. Walter Benjamin once observed that: "The point at issue in the theatre today can be more accurately defined in relation to the stage than to the play. It concerns the filling-in of the orchestra pit. The abyss which separates the actors from the audience like the dead from the living..." If the relation between the living and the dead can be thought of in terms of an analogy with ancient theatre, how might avant-garde theatre be thought of in terms of this same relation "today"?
Fiction & diction
Mimesis in contemporary theory : an interdisciplinary approach. Vol. 1, The literary and philosophical debate
This study of narrative technique in Victorian novels introduces the concept of 'narrative annexes' whereby unexpected characters, impermissible subjects and plot-changing events are introduced within fictional worlds which otherwise exclude them. They are marked by the crossing of borders into previously unrepresented places and new genres or modes, challenging Victorian cultural and literary norms. Suzanne Keen's original readings of novels by Charlotte Brontë, Dickens, Disraeli, Hardy, Kingsley, Trollope, and Wells show these writers negotiating the boundaries of representation to reveal in narrative annexes the subjects (notably sexuality and social class) which contemporary critics sought to exclude from the realm of the novel. Fears of disease, of working men, of Popery, of dark-skinned 'others', of the poor who toil and starve in close proximity to the rectories, homes, clubs and walled gardens of Victorian polite society draw readers down narrow alleys, through thorny hedges, across desolate heaths, into narrative annexes.
Natur, Mimesis, historia : anteckningar om klassicismen = Nature, Mimesis, history : notes on classicism / Sven-Olof Wallenstein
Mimesis and the human animal : on the biogenetic foundations of literary representation
The aesthetics of mimesis : ancient texts and modern problems
Crimes of writing : problems in the containment of representation
Sculpting simulacra in medieval Germany, 1250-1380
Autobiographical quests : Augustine, Montaigne, Rousseau, and Wordsworth
Figural realism : studies in the mimesis effect
Refiguring Mimesis : representation in early modern literature
Mimesis : culture-art-society
Strong representations : narrative and circumstantial evidence in England
Representation and design : tracing a hermeneutics of Old English poetry
Self-report measurement of segmentation, mimesis and perceived emotions in acousmatic electroacoustic music
Mimesis and its romantic reflections
Against nature - the question of mimesis in Heidegger's philosophy of art
Since Plato and Aristotle's declaration of the essence of literature as imitation, western narrative has been traditionally discussed in mimetic terms. Marginalized fantasy- the deliberate from reality – has become the hidden face of fiction, identified by most critics as a minor genre. First published in 1984, this book rejects generic definitions of fantasy, arguing that it is not a separate or even separable strain in literary practice, but rather an impulse as significant as that of mimesis. Together, fantasy and mimesis are the twin impulses behind literary creation. In an analysis that ranges from the Icelandic sagas to science fiction, from Malory to pulp romance, Kathryn Hume systematically examines the various ways in which fantasy and mimesis contribute to literary representations of reality.
Mimesis : from mirror to method, Augustine to Descartes
Visions of alterity : representation in the works of John Banville
The English Renaissance : identity and representation in Elizabethan England
Beyond anti-mimetic models : a critique of unnatural narratology
The word according to James Joyce : reconstructing representation
The musical art of infant conversation: Narratingin the time of sympathetic experience, without rational interpretation, before words
Art, mimesis and the avant-garde : aspects of a philosophy of difference / Andrew Benjamin
Mimesis, ethics & style : book of abstracts : International Conference on Literary Representation, House of Sciences and Letters, Helsinki, Finland 25.-27.8.2010
