http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21206 threats
threats
Securing global commons : a small state perspective
"The third and final installment in the Passage trilogy. With The Twelve destroyed, many wonder if the threat to humankind also has vanished. But then a terrifying threat shudders the gates of the colony...and Amy - the girl who must save the world, Peter, Alicia, and Michael must at last confront their destinies"--
Beyond the sea
The rift uprising
The waking fire
Transformation
Societal security : guideline for incident prepareness and operational continuity management /.
Richelle Mead Dark Swan bundle
The risk management handbook : a practical guide to managing the multiple dimensions of risk
The death of the Internet
E-mail security
Iron guard
Restoration
Something is brewing in the town of Whitby. To best friends Lil and Verne, it just seems like a particularly bad storm. But Cherry Cerise, the last of the Whitby witches, fears that ancient forces are at work, reviving the curse of a long lost magical artifact. The legend goes that the Nimius was created by magician Melchior Pyke, with the assistance of a young witch known as Scaur Annie. But they were both betrayed by Pyke's villainous manservant, Mister Dark, causing a feud that has survived even beyond death. As Mister Dark, with his horrific winged familiar, arises to mastermind Whitby's very own apocalypse and take the Nimius for his own evil purposes, can Lil and Verne join with Cherry to quell his plans and save their home?
Lightborn
Traitor's blade
Atmosphere of hope : searching for solutions to the climate crisis
Throughout the vast lands controlled by the Ironship Syndicate, nothing is more prized than the blood of drakes. Harvested from the veins of captive or hunted Reds, Green, Blues and Blacks, it can be distilled into elixirs that give fearsome powers to the rare men and women who have the ability harness them - known as the blood-blessed. But not many know the truth: that the lines of drakes are weakening. If they fail, war with the neighboring Corvantine Empire will follow swiftly. The Syndicate's last hope resides in whispers of the existence of another breed of drake, far more powerful than the rest, and the few who have been chosen by fate to seek it. Claydon Torcreek is a petty thief and an unregistered blood-blessed, who finds himself pressed into service by the protectorate and sent to wild, uncharted territories in search of a creature he believes is little more than legend. Lizanne Lethridge is a formidable spy and assassin, facing gravest danger on an espionage mission deep into the heart of enemy territory. And Corrick Hilemore is the second lieutenant of an ironship, whose pursuit of ruthless brigands leads him to a far greater threat at the edge of the world. As lives and empires clash and intertwine, as the unknown and the known collide, all three must fight to turn the tide of a coming war, or drown in its wake.
The reality dysfunction
Abstract.
Chronology of World Terrorism : 1901-2001
Crashing heaven
Cyberstorm
To kill a king ...they created an army. The world's most dangerous man, Toyo Harada, has been struck by the one thing he never thought possible - fear. Halfway across the globe, a new power threatens to topple modern civilization and, to preempt the cataclysm that is to come, Harada will unite the most unforgiving team the world has ever known - Unity. Their mission: defeat the threat responsible for the destruction of MI-6, the decimation of an alien world, and the occupation of Eastern Europe ...and unseat the warrior king armed with the universe's most powerful weapon - kill X-O Manowar!
Promise of blood
Winter halo
The interrogation of Ashala Wolf
Poison heart
Styxx
The king's revenge
The weight of images : affect, body image and fat in the media
Best of power sport : yli 200 fiaskoa moottoriurheilun maailmasta
Sometimes the few must stand against the many.  From the dark, cold void came an unknown force. Their target a remote planet, the home for a group of people distancing themselves from mankind and pursuing a path of piety and peace. If they have any chance at survival a disparate group of pilots must come together to fight back any way they can. But the best these aces can do might not be good enough.
The challenge of democracy : to achieve a global plus-sum game
Security studies : an introduction
Song of the Saurials
Perceived threat and prejudice towards immigrants and Russian minorities living in Finland
The prodigal mage
The girl of fire and thorns
Midnight blue-light special : an InCryptid novel
Bomb threat : a guide to bomb threat awareness for organizations
The disaster recovery handbook : a step-by-step plan to ensure business continuity and protect vital operations, facilities, and assets
Kanin : the complete chronicles
Metal gear solid : guns of the patriots
Business continuity for dummies
The fall of five
The second nuclear age : strategy, danger, and the new power politics
Risk : the science and politics of fear
Architectural security codes and guidelines : best practices for today's construction challenges
Chimes at midnight : an October Daye novel
Society's resources are scarce, and biosecurity actions need to be targeted and prioritised. Various models have been developed that prioritise and rank pests and diseases according to the risks they represent. A prioritisation model allows utilisation of scientific, ecological and economic information in decision-making related to biological hazards. This study discusses such models and the properties associated with them based on a review of 78 prioritisation studies. The scope of the models includes all aspects of biosecurity (human, animal and plant diseases, and invasive alien species), but with an emphasis on plant health. The geographical locations of the studies are primarily North America, Europe, Australia and New Zealand. Half of the studies were conducted during the past five years. The review finds that there generally seems to be several prioritisation models, especially in the case of invasive plants, but only a select few models are used extensively. Impacts are often accounted for in the model, but the extent and economic sophistication of their inclusion varies. Treatment of uncertainty and feasibility of control was lacking from many studies.
Revelation
The Devil's light
The trials
Elric : Stormbringer!
Part of a small demon lair in North Las Vegas, tattooist Harper Wallis lives a pretty simple life. That changes overnight when she discovers that her psychic mate, or ‘anchor’, is a guy who’s rumored to be the most powerful demon in existence. Compelling, full of secrets and armed with raw sexuality, Knox Thorne is determined to claim her as his anchor, creating a psychic bond that will prevent their inner demons from ever turning rogue. The billionaire also wants Harper in his bed. She’s not so sure she wants either of those things. No one seems to know what breed of demon Knox is, only that he’s more dangerous than anything she’s ever before encountered. But he refuses to walk away. And when an unknown danger starts closing in on Harper, it seems that Knox is the only one who can keep her safe.  As Prime of his Las Vegas lair and a successful businessman, Knox Thorne is used to being in control. He’s also used to people fearing and obeying him. Harper does neither, which unexpectedly amuses him. Unpredictable, elusive, and complex, she draws Knox and his inner demon like nothing ever has. Knox is used to getting what he wants, and he wants Harper. He’ll have her, and he’ll keep her safe from the threat that looms over her. Because Knox protects what’s his. He won’t allow anyone to take her from him. Even if it will mean letting the demon inside him rise and wreak the havoc it was created to make.
Only daughter
The new Vichy syndrome : why European intellectuals surrender to barbarism
The atlantis world
Rebel of the sands
Jurassic world
The Peshawar Lancers
City of light
Cold days
The purpose of this thesis was to clarify what kind of external information security threats can be expected in years 2013-2015 and how these threats can be targeted to Neste Oil and its operation in Finland including company's administrative side, refineries and shipping. Country level threats, such as cyber-war is not considered in this research. This thesis is a part of Neste Oil's risk assessment process where results of the external threats are evaluated by their likelihood and impact factors. Literary research, personal interviews and a risk analysis were used as the research methods. The threats were surveyed on the basis of the sources which consisted of news articles, experts' evaluations, analyses, forecasts, different researches and reports. Neste Oil's perspective was surveyed with the help of personal interviews. A risk analysis was made based on the external information security threats that were found in the research. The thesis indicated that the most serious information security threats in the future are the  following: threats regarding consumerization, activists and the different attack types they usually execute, targeted attacks and cyber-espionage performed by cyber criminals, attacks on physical devices via cyberspace, and threats regarding cloud services and GPS-systems. A scored risk assessment of the external threats was created together with representatives from Neste Oil. Targeted attacks and cyber-espionage rose together with activists to be the biggest external information security risks for Neste Oil.
The machinery
Elisa, a fugitive in her own kingdom, faces great challenges to rescue the man she loves from her enemies, prevent a civil war, and take back her throne but as her magic grows, Elisa discovers the shocking truth about her enemy's ultimate goal.
Starlight
The first book in the fast-paced action-adventure, The Rift Uprising trilogy-an enthralling mix of speculative fiction and military thriller-in which a young soldier comes to question the monsters she's trained to fight against ...and the monsters she fights for. Seventeen-year-old Ryn Whittaker is a Citadel: an elite, enhanced soldier specially chosen to guard a Rift, a mysterious and dangerous portal to alternate Earths scientists cannot control or close. Trained from the age of fourteen, Ryn can run faster, jump farther, and fight better than a Navy SEAL-which is good when you're not sure if a laser-wielding Neanderthal or an axe-wielding Viking is trying to make it through the Rift and into your world. But the teenager's military conditioning and education have not prepared her for the boy who crosses through-a confused young man, seemingly lost and alone.
The reluctant mage
Enna burning
Hell's ditch
Unity. Vol. 1, To kill a king
The sentinel mage
War game / writer: Jack Thorne
The chemist : a novel
In the year 1200, the foundation is laid for the cathedral of Troyes, but it will not be finished until 400 years later, after innumerable incidents. This game invites you to experience four centuries of history by participating in the development of one of the finest medieval cities ever to make its mark on western culture. Use your military, religious, and civil influence to make your family the most prestigious!
The autumn republic
Stone of tears
Behavioral Threat Management: Prevention of Severe Targeted Violence in Educational Institutions
The liar's key
Cloak of war
On an alternate Earth irrevocably transformed by a violent spray of comets in the 1870s, the planet is controlled by two superpowers--the British Empire and Russia--who appear to be heading for a deadly showdown.
The son of Neptune
Everything Aaron has worked so hard to build in Quill has crumbled. Fallen from the height of power and influence and left for dead in a foreign place, Aaron has lost everything, and now he must humbly beg for food from those who saved his life. In Artime, Alex chooses his people over his brother and abandons his search for Aaron, closing the door on that relationship forever. The Artimeans need his focus now more than ever as they face the terrifying power of a new enemy who has taken control of Quill the notoriously evil Gondoleery Rattrapp.
Google Earth Outreach And Activism
The lion and the lamb
Shada : the lost adventure
Head mage Alexander Stowe and his friends successfully fended off the latest threat to their magical world of Artimé with the help of a surprise ally. But old enemies have secretly been plotting against them. Now Alex must lead his people in a final epic battle, one they can't hope to win alone.
"Risk management is dynamic, with new risks being identified on a continuous basis and risk management techniques adapting to these new challenges. The Risk Management Handbook provides a clear view of the current state of play in the risk management landscape while also looking ahead to the issues in the future. Part One of the book covers the main areas of risk management in business including: enterprise risk management, operational risk, and cyber risk. Chapter authors focus on the distinctive features of their subject and also draw out the overarching themes that apply to all forms of risk management. Part Two introduces and explains emerging trends, from risk-based thinking to communicating uncertainty and ethical risk to risk-based decision-making"--
Traitors' gate
Riley Cavanaugh is many things: Punk rock. Snarky. Rebellious. And gender fluid. Some days Riley identifies as a boy, and others as a girl. But Riley isn't exactly out yet. And between starting a new school and having a congressman father running for reelection in uber-conservative Orange County, the pressure media and otherwise is building up in Riley's life.On the advice of a therapist, Riley starts an anonymous blog to vent those pent-up feelings and tell the truth of what it's really like to be a gender fluid teenager. But just as Riley's starting to settle in at school - even developing feelings for a mysterious outcast - the blog goes viral, and an unnamed commenter discovers Riley's real identity, threatening exposure. And Riley must make a choice: walk away from what the blog has created - a lifeline, new friends, a cause to believe - in or stand up, come out, and risk everything.
The infinite sea
In the new world of The Takeover nothing and no one will be safe. Marci must choose: love or vengeance.  One night she secretly follows her lover to a club. To her horror she discovers those closest to her, mingling freely with parasitic creatures which have secretly possessed human minds. A bloody ambush follows, leaving Marci a shadow of her former self.  Seattle is ravaged by a string of mysterious attacks. Ignite, the only resistance group, is disintegrating. As the world catches fire, Marci struggles to control the buzzing spectres in her own head.  Her hardest battle is between the forces of good and evil within herself. For Marci must fight. She was meant to burn.
Island of Graves
The changing face of terrorism : how real is the threat from biological, chemical and nuclear weapons?
The humanoid supersoldiers known as the déchet were almost eradicated by the war. Ever since, Tiger has tried to live her life in peace in hiding. But in the wake of her discovery that Central City's children are being kidnapped and experimented on, Tiger's conscience won't let her look the other way. The key to saving them lies within the walls of a pharmaceutical company called Winter Halo. But as she learns more about the facility, Tiger's mission is derailed by a complication: Winter Halo's female security guards are being systematically attacked by an unknown force.
Keeping Europe healthy : ECDC in action
Behemoth : B-Max
Wild justice
The blue death
The blood of Olympus
The girl who soared over Fairyland and cut the moon in two
Eclipse the flame
Friday : a solo adventure
Creation machine : a novel of the Spin
What roles and missions for Europe's military and security forces in the 21st century?
World of trouble
of non-collaborating neighbouring nodes in order to save energy. If it needs information regarding non-collaborating nodes, it uses reputation to obtain it. The simulation results clearly shows that the proposed method saves lot of energy.
The winter long : an October Daye novel
Defeat the enemy. Win the boy. Live happily ever after. But life "ever after" isn't as easy as it used to be. Harper's gone from being a member of a small demon lair to co-Prime of one of the most powerful lairs in the US with a mate who, though hot as hell, is just a mite overprotective - I mean, you get kidnapped by dark practitioners just once...  Then one of Knox's demons goes rogue, and in his madness decides Knox Thorne must die. Harper's worried. Knox isn't - at least until he discovers his mate's willingness to get between him and danger.  Now, Knox has a new priority: Keep Harper safe ...no matter what it takes. But Harper begins to suspect there's more danger than one rogue demon. It seems the combined strength of Harper and Knox has upset the balance of power in the demon world and there are those who are determined to right that wrong. Because when you move up the food chain, sometimes the other predators just want to take a bigger bite.
Moskovskoe arhitekturnoe nasledie: točka nevozvrata : Moscow heritage at crisis point / 2
The king's blood
Predation risk shaping individual behaviour, life histories and species interactions in small mammals
Gotrek & Felix : City of the damned
Eternal kiss of darkness
Island of dragons
Thieves of state : why corruption threatens global security
Wizard's first rule
Climate change and World Heritage : report on predicting and managing the impacts of climate change on World Heritage and Strategy to assist States Parties to implement appropriate management responses = Changement climatique et patrimoine mondial : rapport sur la prévision et la gestion des effets du changement climatique sur le patrimoine mondial et stratégie pour aider les états parties à mettre en œuvre des réactions de gestion adaptées
Behemoth : seppuku
It is the aftermath of civil war in the vast pageant of planets and stars known as The Spin. Three years since he crushed the rebellion, Viklun Haas, industrialist and leader of the Hegemony, is eliminating all remnants of the opposition. Starting with his own daughter. But Fleare Haas, fighter for Society Otherwise has had a long time to plan her next move. Sprung from her remote monastery prison and reuniting with a team of loyal friends, Fleare's journey will take her across The Spin to the cluster of fallen planets known as the The Catastrophy Curve - and from exile, to the very frontiers of war. Meanwhile, in the brutal and despotic empire of The Fortunate, word is reaching viceroy Alameche of a most unusual piece of plunder from their latest invasion. For hundreds of millions of years, the bizarre planets and stars of The Spin itself have been the only testament to the god-like engineers that created it. Now, buried in the earth of a ruined planet, one of their machines has been found...
Beware the goblin men and the wares they sell.  All her life, nineteen-year-old Liesl has heard tales of the beautiful, mysterious Goblin King. He is the Lord of Mischief, the Ruler Underground, and the muse around which her music is composed. Yet, as Liesl helps shoulder the burden of running her family’s inn, her dreams of composition and childish fancies about the Goblin King must be set aside in favor of more practical concerns.  But when her sister Käthe is taken by the goblins, Liesl journeys to their realm to rescue her sister and return her to the world above. The Goblin King agrees to let Käthe go—for a price. The life of a maiden must be given to the land, in accordance with the old laws. A life for a life, he says. Without sacrifice, nothing good can grow. Without death, there can be no rebirth. In exchange for her sister’s freedom, Liesl offers her hand in marriage to the Goblin King. He accepts.  Down in the Underground, Liesl discovers that the Goblin King still inspires her—musically, physically, emotionally. Yet even as her talent blossoms, Liesl’s life is slowly fading away, the price she paid for becoming the Goblin King’s bride. As the two of them grow closer, they must learn just what it is they are each willing to sacrifice: her life, her music, or the end of the world.
The Atlantis world
When the bombs that stopped the species war tore holes in the veil between this world and the next, they allowed entry to the Others—demons, wraiths, and death spirits who turned the shadows into their hunting grounds. Now, a hundred years later, humans and shifters alike live in artificially lit cities designed to keep the darkness at bay....  As a déchet—a breed of humanoid super-soldiers almost eradicated by the war—Tiger has spent her life in hiding. But when she risks her life to save a little girl on the outskirts of Central City, she discovers that the child is one of many abducted in broad daylight by a wraith-like being—an impossibility with dangerous implications for everyone on earth.  Because if the light is no longer enough to protect them, nowhere is safe.
The cybersecurity dilemma : hacking, trust, and fear between nations
Troyes
It follows
2012 State of the future
Cities of the future? Questions? Nightmares? Dreams?
After me comes the flood
Trial by fire
Princess Elisa is a disappointment to her people. Although she bears the Godstone, a sign that she has been chosen for an act of heroism, they see her as lazy and useless and fat. On her sixteenth birthday, she is bartered off in royal marriage and shipped away to a kingdom in turmoil, where her husband refuses to acknowledge her. Devastated, Elisa decides to take charge of her fate and learn what it means to bear the Godstone. As an invading army threatens to destroy her new home, everyone at court maneuvers to take advantage of the young princess. But how can a young girl who has never ridden horseback, never played the game of politics, and never attained the love of a man save the world?
The world health report 2007 : a safer future : global public health security in the 21st century
Bryn Aven is determined to gain status amongst the Kanin, the most powerful of the hidden tribes. But as a half-blood, winning respect is a huge challenge. Bryn's almost-human community distrusts people, and those from other tribes are almost as suspect. She has just one goal to get ahead: to join the elite guard protecting the Kanin royal family. And Bryn's vowed that nothing will stand in her way, not even a forbidden romance with her boss, Ridley Dresden. But her plans are put on hold when fallen hero Konstantin starts acting dangerously. Bryn loved him once, but now he's kidnapping Kanin children - stealing them from hidden placements within human families. She's sent to help stop him, but will she lose her heart in the process?
Inferno
Consumer online communication of corporate social responsibility in the sin industry context : cases in the global online gambling industry
Just call my name
A dangerous path
Wintersong
Dragonflight
Security 2020 : Reduce security risks this decade
Reacting to complex threats : the securitization in the speeches of Anders Fogh Rasmussen based on NATO's new strategic concept
Hardship
Hive monkey
The last wilderness
Symptoms of being human
The power of six
First drop of crimson
The Ouroboros wave
Starfish
Determination of threat to the peace under article 39 of the United Nations : an analysis
The house of Hades
Cybersecurity : managing systems, conducting testing and investigating intrusions
Shadow of the hegemon
The rise of nine
How to grow great kids : the good parents guide to rearing sociable, confident and healthy children
The power of dark
The crimson campaign
The bloody tournament to determine the new empress of the intergalactic empire may be over, but for exiled princess Kayla Reinumon, the battle is just beginning. To free her home planet from occupation, Kayla must infiltrate the highest reaches of imperial power. But when a deadly nanovirus threatens to ravage the empire, it will take more than diplomacy to protect her homeworld from all-out war.
Risks to plant health : European Union priorites for tackling emerging plant pests and diseases
The keystone
Busted flush
Selective monitoring in wireless sensor network intrusion detection systems
Integration of natural hazards, risk and climate change into spatial planning practices
A review of risk prioritisation schemes of pathogens, pests and weeds: principles and practices
Host culture acceptance, religiosity, and the threat of Muslim immigration: An integrated threat analysis in Spain
Earth awakens : the first Formic war
The king's shadow
The bitter kingdom
Veneficus : stones of the chosen
External information security threats in the near future : case: Neste Oil
The city of mirrors : a novel
Brightly woven
Crisis: opportunity or threat to corporate reputation : case: Metsä-Botnia Uruguay
Threat modeling a factory environment using Microsoft security development lifecycle methodology
The dream never changes: a moonless, starless night without end. The road she walks is black, bordered with round, white pebbles or nubs of polished bone; she can't tell which but they're the only white in the darkness, marking her way through the night. In dreams and nightmares, Helen walks the Black Road. It leads her back from the grave, back from madness, back towards the man who caused the deaths of her family: Tereus Winterborn, Regional Commander for the Reapers, who rule the ruins of a devastated Britain. On her journey, she gathers her allies: her old mentor Darrow, the cocky young fighter Danny, emotionally-scarred intelligence officer Alannah and Gevaudan Shoal, last of the genetically-engineered Grendelwolves. Winterborn will stop at nothing to become the Reapers' Supreme Commander; more than anything he seeks the advantage that will help him achieve that goal. And in the experiments of the obsessed scientist Dr Mordake, he thinks he has found it. To Winterborn, Project Tindalos is a means to ultimate power; to Mordake, it's a means to roll back the devastation of the War and restore his beloved wife to the living. But neither Winterborn nor Mordake understand the true nature of the forces they are about to unleash. Forces that threaten to destroy everything that survived the War, unless Helen and her allies can find and stop Project Tindalos in time.
