http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21260 alcohol and drug education
alcohol and drug education
What is youth substance abuse prevention? : support material for first-rate substance education
Community/public health nursing : promoting the health of populations
Images of a young drug user
Merry-go-round : substance abuse education in lower stage of primary school
The Finnish brewing industry and alcohol education
Raising Cain : protecting the emotional life of boys
Big weed : an entrepreneur's high-stakes adventures in the budding legal marijuana business
Abstract: Life control and health. A longitudinal study on Northern Finnish young men.
The Dutch response to HIV pragmatism and consensus
Social control and socialisation : the role of morality as a social mechanism in adolescent deviant behaviour
Steve Biddulph's raising girls
Mission impossible? : universal alcohol prevention at workplaces in Sweden
Hubu - virtual drug information bus : telematic preventative drug education service
Abstract: Alcohol education for parents : an evaluation of the Wise Parenthood Programme 2009.
"Education crucial for social change" : interview with Pekka Puska
Abstract.
Vulnerable, guilty or on their own? : Institutional identities of substance abusing children and families within Finnish child welfare
Chilling out : the cultural politics of substance consumption, youth and drug policy
Young people and alcohol, drugs and tobacco
Promoting healthy behaviour : practical guide for nursing and healthcare
School and health 21, 3/2008 : contemporary school practice and health education = Škola a zdravi pro 21. století 21 (3) : praxe současne školy a výchova ke zdravi
Researching health promotion
Beyond health literacy : youth cultures, prevention and policy
Substance use and misuse : nature, context and clinical interventions
Handbook of counselling
Promoting health and well-being through schools
School sport psychology : perspectives, programs, and procedures
Children, adolescents, & the media
Remote politeness, close-range boozing, and targeted education
Resilience and development : positive life adaptations
Abstract: Statistical yearbook on social welfare and health care 2001.
Sex, drugs and young people : international perspectives
And yet it works! : sober notes on public substance education
