http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21217 travel
travel
A child's grandmother travels around the world, buying things in quantities that illustrate counting from one to ten / Library of Congress.
Maisy goes by plane
The tao of travel : enlightenments from lives on the road
The circle of karma
Nomad : bringing your travels home
The cyclist's anthology
Exalt travels customer research and customer satisfaction
The fault line : traveling the other Europe, from Finland to Ukraine
Traveling with dogs : by car, plane, and boat
The Lonely Planet travel anthology
Global passages : sources in world history. Vol. 1, To 1500
Fay : a novel
Truth to tell
My granny went to market : a round-the-world counting rhyme
One day the shadow passed
A place in the country
Topsy and Tim go to on a train
An A-Z of railways : a nostalgic tour of Britain's railways
Once upon a river
Dan, Abby, and Jordan embark on a senior road trip to New Orleans, but as creepy occurrences escalate into near-death experiences, the trio realizes they will be lucky to make it out of this senior trip alive / Library of Congress.
Women and couchsurfing : empowerment and the construction of hybrid identities in a local-global context
The light of Amsterdam
A collection of writings from Paul Theroux's fifty years of travel. Included are writings from other travelers such as Charles Dickens, Eudora Welty, Anton Chekhov, Ernest Hemingway and many others.
Vagabonding : an uncommon guide to the art of long-term world travel
The sage handbook of tourism studies
Maisy goes to London
The medieval traveller
So near and yet so far : implications of Israeli-imposed seclusion of Gaza strip on Palestinians ̕right to family life
Travels with Herodotus
Going on a train
Dreadnought
In search of lost time : Swann's way
Heir today
Almost famous Daisy!
Travel with Dogs
Shopping culture of China
Tramp, or, The art of living a wild and poetic life
Social media in travel, tourism and hospitality : theory, practice and cases
Nocturne : a journey in search of moonlight
Online security for the business traveler / : Deborah Gonzalez
The best things in life are free : the ultimate money-saving travel guide
Tramp : or the art of living a wild and poetic life
White sands : experiences from the outside world
Blue of noon
Rolling blackouts : dispatches from Turkey, Syria and Iraq
How to understand Israel in 60 days or less
Jane Austen's journeys
Women as portrayed in orientalist painting
Pippa : simple tips to live beautifully
Skulking through customs with a suitcase full of truffles, toads singing the Marseillaise, taking pastis lessons and finding gold at the bottom of the garden - you might think there is little time left for pleasures of the table. This title offers a presentation of rural life in France. – WolrdCat.
Kay Thompson's Eloise in Paris
The terrible privacy of Maxwell Sim
The practical nomad : how to travel around the world
The sense of movement : when artists travel
A Place in the Country is a window into the brilliant mind of W. G. Sebald. When W. G. Sebald travelled to Manchester in 1966, he packed in his bags certain literary favourites which would remain central to him throughout the rest of his life and during the years when he was settled in England. In A Place in the Country, he reflects on six of the figures who shaped him as a person and as a writer, from Jean-Jacques Rousseau to Jan Peter Tripp. Fusing biography and essay, and finding, as ever, inspiration in place - as when he journeys to the Ile St. Pierre, the tiny, lonely Swiss island where Jean-Jacques Rousseau found solace and inspiration - Sebald lovingly brings his subjects to life in his distinctive, inimitable voice.
The tourism system
Premodern travel in world history
Children’s Influence on Family Vacation Decision-Making
Walking the Himalayas
How to be irish : uncovering the curiosities of irish behaviour
Manyou shenzhou = Touring China
The good father
Clyde fans : Book 1
The upgrade : a cautionary tale of a life without reservations
What is existential anthropology?
George goes on a plane
Topsy and Tim go green
More moaning : the enlightened one returns
Harry and the dinosaurs go on holiday
"This collection of great travel writing by authors from across the globe includes 34 original tales" / takakansi.
Pointless Suffering no 1
Going on a plane
Building a travel risk management program : traveler safety and duty of care for any organization
The international traveler's guide to avoiding infections
Oliver who travelled far and wide
On the trail of Genghis Khan : an epic journey through the land of the nomads
A bit of difference
Jane Austens Journeys
Mungo Monkey goes on a Train
Finding purple: a walk down the path of sustainable development
Train : riding the rails that created the modern world : from the Trans-Siberian to the Southwest Chief
Trace the trail : through the town
This present moment : new poems
A field guide to getting lost
The Paris wife : a novel
The orientalist : painter-travellers
A bus for miss Moss
Ask Arthur Frommer : and trave better, cheaper, smarter
Lifestyle : English for work, socializing & travel : pre-intermediate coursebook
The sly company of people who care
Topsy and Tim visit London
Topsy and Tim go on an aeroplane
The stress of her regard
Amigoland : a novel
Tom Sawyer abroad ; and Tom Sawyer detective
New Product Development in Spiritual Tourism
In motion : the experience of travel
We all go travelling by
Global passages : sources in world history. Vol. 2, Since 1500
"This present moment That lives on To become Long ago." For his first collection of new poems since his celebrated Danger on Peaks, published in 2004, Gary Snyder finds himself ranging over the planet. Journeys to the Dolomites, to the north shore of Lake Tahoe, from Paris and Tuscany to the shrine at Delphi, from Santa Fe to Sella Pass, Snyder lays out these poems as a map of the last decade. Placed side-by-side, they become a path and a trail of complexity and lyrical regard, a sort of riprap of the poet's eighth decade. And in the mix are some of the most beautiful domestic poems of his great career, poems about his work as a homesteader and householder, as a father and husband, as a friend and neighbor. A centerpiece in this collection is a long poem about the death of his beloved, Carole Koda, a rich poem of grief and sorrow, rare in its steady resolved focus on a dying wife, of a power unequaled in American poetry. As a friend is quoted in one of these new poems: "I met the other lately in the far back of a bar, musicians playing near the window and he sweetly told me "listen to that music. The self we hold so dear will soon be gone." " Gary Snyder is one of the greatest American poets of the last century, and This Present Moment shows his command, his broad range, and his remarkable courage. "--
Around the world in 80 dinners : the ultimate culinary adventure
Migration
Essays of travel and in the art of writing
Border Interview Survey
The voyage
The Cyclist's Anthology
20th century travel : 100 years of globe-trotting ads : 100 jahre reisewerbung100 ans de pubs de voyage : 100 jahre reisewerbung
American wino : a tale of reds, whites, and one man's blues
Zhongguo qingdiao zhi lü : Bu ke bu qu de 120 di = Charming tour of China
Horrid Henry's car journey
Transatlantic travels in nineteenth-century Latin America : European women pilgrims
