http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2127 short prose
short prose
Let the dead bury their dead : and other stories
Artistic personality and Juhani Aho's novel Yksin
Patti Smith tells real and imagined stories from her childhood.
After the wake : twenty-one prose works including previously unpublished material
Vano and Niko resembles a catalogue of all the relationships that are possible between people. It is a parable that demonstrates that not only humans but all living beings are engaged in the search for the other. Peter Handke, who met Erlom Akhvlediani in 1975, described the parables as "exhilarating and at the same time paradoxical"; in his view they show us the redemptive "third way," that of waylessness. Travelling this third way calls for courage and the Vano and Niko parables therefore have something ominous about them. Vano and Niko was one of Akhvlediani's earlier works, written in the 1950s. Today Vano and Niko has cult status and the book is famous throughout Georgia, even forming part of the philosophy curriculum. This edition of Vano and Niko includes the two other parts to Akhvlediani's trilogy of parables: The Story of the Lazy Mouse and The Man Who Lost His Self and Other Stories.
The popular girl
The age of grief : a novella and stories
A sense of story : short stories for coursework
Loverboys : stories
Selected stories
The conjure woman and other conjure tales
Consciousness in narrative : a case study of women's fiction 1688-1922
Samuel Beckett: the complete short prose, 1929-1989
The big horse : and other stories of modern Macedonia
Collected stories
Victims of the Biedermeier
The Grownup
Structure, style and interpretation in the Russian short story
Narration in the German Novelle : theory and interpretation
Forms of the modern novella
Sixty-five short stories
Portraits in miniatur
Collected poems
The women of Brewster Place
Echo : short stories = Èho
A winter book : selected stories
Hateship, friendship, courtship, loveship, marriage : stories
Vano and Niko : and other stories
Puffs and gasps : peepholes into Finnish humour
Tales of the unexpected
Like the flowing river : thoughts and reflections
Reference guide to short fiction
Other people's countries : a journey into memory
The prose of Osip Mandelstam : The noise of time ; Theodisia ; The Egyptian stamp
Angels beneath the surface : a selection of contemporary Slovene fiction
True stories
Creative writing : spring 1973.
Armageddon outta here
The woman who gave birth to rabbits
Collected writings of Edgar Allan Poe. Vol. 2, The brevities : Pinakidia, Marginalia, Fifty suggestions and other works
The complete cosmicomics
Masterworks of Latin American short fiction : eight novellas
Kiss me deadly : 13 tales of paranormal love
Smoke and mirrors : short fiction and illusions
Sombrero fallout : a Japanese novel
The Burroughs file
The curious case of Benjamin Button and six other stories
The early stories : 1953-1975
Carried away : a selection of stories
Mickle makes muckle : poems, mini plays & short prose
Of the Bronx and Manhattan a son : a trio of New York stories
Death of a lady's man
Lines of vision : Irish writers on art
The boy who taught the beekeeper to read
The tent
The Collected Stories
Skywalker under the outlaw sun : journeys to the most western places in 1998-1999 : writing by J. K. Ihalainen ; art by Steve Pedersen
The curious case of Benjamin Button : and six other stories
Selected stories of Philip K. Dick
Screwtop Thompson and other tales
One fallen leaf : and more miniature stories
Don't worry, be grumpy : inspiring stories for making the most of each moment
American Wild
And, nonetheless: selected prose and poetry 1990-2009
Collected prose : autobiographical writings, true stories, critical essays, prefaces and collaborations with artists
If you liked school, you'll love work..
East End at your feet
Screwtop Thompson
Short stories and short fictions, 1880-1980
The bell tolls for no one : stories
A blink of the screen : collected shorter fiction
Wonderful story of Henry Sugar : and six more
The fictions of Bruno Schulz : The street of crocodiles and Sanatorium under the sign of the hourglass
Sketches of young gentlemen and young couples : with Sketches of young ladies by Edward Caswall ; illustrated by Phiz
Portraits and bagatelles
100 glimpses into China : short short stories from China
Contemplating the cosmos
Skulduggery Pleasant : Armageddon outta here
Manto : selected short stories : including 'Toba Tek Singh' and 'The Dog of Tithwal'
Editorial wild oats
Writing short stories
Life, love and the archers : recollections, reviews and other prose
Born in Switzerland and a longtime resident of France, Philippe Jaccottet (b. 1925) is one of the essential European poets. His most recent collections of poems and poetic prose texts include the four volumes from which this selection has been made: Cahier de verdure (Notebook of Greenery, 1990), Apres beaucoup d'annees (After Many Years, 1994), Et, neanmoins (And, Nonetheless, 2001) and Ce peu de bruits (These Slight Noises, 2008). He has translated numerous German, Italian and Spanish poets into French. He is also the author of several volumes of literary criticism, and has written Le bol du pelerin (The Pilgrim's Bowl, 2001), a perspicacious study of the art of Giorgio Morandi. His collected writings are soon to be published as a volume in Gallimard's "Pleiade" series, a rare honor for a living author. He has been awarded several European literary prizes, including the Petrarch Prize and the Schiller Prize, Switzerland's highest literary distinction.
Short : an international anthology of five centuries of short-short stories, prose poems, brief essays, and other short prose forms
Book of mercy
Best European fiction 2010
Collected short stories. Volume 4
Adam, Eve and vegetarism
Toisaalta = (P)å andra sidan = In other wor(l)ds
Collected short stories. Volume two
An irresistible gathering of shorts by some of the world's most imaginative word artists. Short spans genres, languages, and centuries, to offer the tradition - and glorious present - of this popular form.
Woolgathering
Shiloh and other stories
The Wheatley manuscript : a collection of Middle English verse and prose contained in a ms. : now in the British Museum Add. ms. 39574
Reading in : Alice Munro's archives
Select bibliography
