http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21214 cyberbullying
cyberbullying
Rethinking school violence : theory, gender, context
Using psychology in the classroom
So you've been publicly shamed
Bullying and cyberbullying : what every educator needs to know
Cyberbullying : activities to help children and teens to stay safe in a texting, twittering, social networking world
Issues for debate in family violence : selections from CQ researcher
The truth about bullying : what educators and parents must know and do
The anti-bullying handbook
The teenage guide to stress
This is why we can't have nice things : mapping the relatioship between online trolling and mainstream culture
Mental Health in the Digital Age, written by distinguished international experts, comprehensively examines the intersection between digital technology and mental health.
Bullying today : bullet points and best practices
Internet trolls live to upset as many people as possible, using all the technical and psychological tools at their disposal. They gleefully whip the media into a frenzy over a fake teen drug crisis; they post offensive messages on Facebook memorial pages, traumatizing grief-stricken friends and family; they use unabashedly racist language and images. They take pleasure in ruining a complete stranger's day and find amusement in their victim's anguish. In short, trolling is the obstacle to a kinder, gentler Internet. To quote a famous Internet meme, trolling is why we can't have nice things online. Or at least that's what we have been led to believe. In this provocative book, Whitney Phillips argues that trolling, widely condemned as obscene and deviant, actually fits comfortably within the contemporary media landscape. Trolling may be obscene, but, Phillips argues, it isn't all that deviant. Trolls' actions are born of and fueled by culturally sanctioned impulses -- which are just as damaging as the trolls' most disruptive behaviors. Phillips describes, for example, the relationship between trolling and sensationalist corporate media -- pointing out that for trolls, exploitation is a leisure activity; for media, it's a business strategy. She shows how trolls, "the grimacing poster children for a socially networked world," align with social media. And she documents how trolls, in addition to parroting media tropes, also offer a grotesque pantomime of dominant cultural tropes, including gendered notions of dominance and success and an ideology of entitlement. We don't just have a trolling problem, Phillips argues; we have a culture problem. This Is Why We Can't Have Nice Things isn't only about trolls; it's about a culture in which trolls thrive.
The duff
Cyber-bullying : issues and solutions for the school, the classroom and the home
Handbook of bullying in schools : an international perspective
The impact of technology on relationships in educational settings
Cyber bullying : bullying in the digital age
Cyber bullying : protecting kids and adults from online bullies
The debate on the social impact of information and communication technologies is particularly important for the study of adolescent life, because through their close association with friends and peers, adolescents develop life expectations, school aspirations, world views, and behaviors. This book presents an up-to-date review of the literature on youth sociability, relationship formation, and online communication, examining the way young people use the internet to construct or maintain their inter-personal relationships. Using a social network perspective, the book systematically explores the various effects of internet access and use on adolescents' involvement in social, leisure and extracurricular activities, evaluating the arguments that suggest the internet is displacing other forms of social ties. The core of the book investigates the motivations for online relationship formation and the use of online communication for relationship maintenance. The final part of the book focuses on the consequences, both positive and negative, of the use of online communication, such as increased social capital and online bullying. "Wired Youth" is suitable for undergraduate and graduate students of adolescent psychology, youth studies, media studies and the psychology and sociology of interpersonal relationships.
E-youth : balancing between opportunities and risks
Cyber kids, cyber bullying, cyber balance
"Bullying: Experiences and Discourses of Sexuality and Gender provides a valuable insight into the experiences of young people and how bullying can impact upon them in the school environment. The book offers an introduction to the key issues associated with bullying on the grounds of sex and sexual orientation, and points to key policies and guidance on these difficult issues. With cutting-edge research and applied studies from leading academics and practitioners in the field, Bullying combines theory with suggestions for practical intervention for practitioners in education and social work. Chapter by chapter, the book strengthens the reader's knowledge base, and demonstrates how best to develop both academic and advocacy arguments to confront bullying, formulate intervention through examples of research findings, and recommend advice and guidance in professional contexts. Bullying offers multiple perspectives to challenge bullying related to gender, sexuality, and transgender status. The book includes the latest work on: - sexual bullying and the implications for policy and practice - sexual dimensions of cyberbullying - homophobia - sex differences in bullying - lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender issues in educational contexts - planning and delivering interventions in schools. Bullying: Experiences and Discourses of Sexuality and Gender will appeal to education professionals, as well as researchers and postgraduate students in the social sciences, social work and educational and clinical child psychology"--
Mental health in the digital age : grave dangers, great promise
"Psychologists explore the reality of cyberbulliesMillions of children are affected by bullies each year. Advances in social media, email, instant messaging, and cell phones, however, have moved bullying from a schoolyard fear to a constant threat. The second edition of Cyberbullying offers the most current information on this constantly-evolving issue and outlines the unique concerns and challenges it raises for children, parents, and educators. Authored by psychologists who are internationally recognized as experts in this field, the text uses the latest research in this area to provide an updated, reliable text ideal for parents and educators concerned about the cyberbullying phenomenon"--
"Gendertrolling arises out of the same misogyny that fuels other "real life" forms of harassment and abuse of women. This book explains this phenomenon, the way it can impact women's lives, and how it can be stopped"--
School bullying : new perspectives on a growing problem
Cyberbullying : what councelors need to know
Raising children in a digital age : enjoying the best, avoiding the worst
Principles of cyberbullying research : definitions, measures, and methodology
From one of the world's leading experts in cyberpsychology--a discipline that combines psychology, forensics, and technology--comes a groundbreaking exploration of the impact of technology on human behavior. In the first book of its kind, Mary Aiken applies her expertise in cyber-behavioral analysis to a range of subjects, including criminal activity on the Deep Web and Darknet; deviant behavior; Internet addictions; the impact of technology on the developing child; teenagers and the Web; cyber-romance and cyber-friendships; cyberchondria; the future of artificial intelligence; and the positive effects on our digital selves, such as online altruism.
Bullying : experiences and discourses of sexuality and gender
Weightless
Saving Phoebe Murrow
Cyber bullying : a prevention curriculum for grades 3-5
Bullying : contexts, consequences, and control
Cyberbullying for grades : a prevention curriculum for grades 6-12
Online hate and harmful content : cross-national perspectives
School climate 2.0 : preventing cyberbullying and sexting one classroom at a time
Cybercrime : key issues and debates
Cyberbullying : bullying in the digital age
This fully revised edition sets out what we know about bullying and harassment in schools, and combines this with proven practical and effective resources to prevent, address and deal with bullying and harassment. The author provides a guide for the development, implementation and evaluation of effective anti-bullying philosophies, policies and programmes. He sets out guidelines for creating and clarifying school policy and practice to provide a strong foundation for the establishment of a whole-school approach to bullying. The author shows how to support a culture of problem-solving that is soundly based on research but also draws on the knowledge and experience of teaching and administrative staff, students and the wider community in developing and implementing anti-bullying programmes. This book is a useful resource for all schools, from those just starting to consider setting up an anti-bullying initiative, to those with well-established programmes that wish to consider anti-bullying best practice. New material in this edition includes: what we know and can do about cyberbullying; teaching the very young and children aged 5-12 about bullying; confronting issues through collaborative and restorative justice techniques; and, Social Action Drama.
Wired youth : the social world of adolescence in the information age
"This compilation of original essays does more than just illuminate the serious problem of teen violence and victimization; it also provides resources that parents and teachers can use to address issues of violence with their teens and make a difference."--
"Bullying affects millions of children throughout the world each year. Recent advances in technology have led to greater prevalence of cyberbullying using e-mail, instant messages, social networking sites, and other digital messaging systems. The second edition of Cyberbullying provides the most current information on the nature and prevalence of this quickly-evolving issue that causes unique challenges and concerns for children, parents, and educators. Examining the latest research and methods for studying this issue, the authors have utilized vital studies involving over 3500 middle-school students, online research projects on cyberbullying on blogs, and data from focus groups of victims, perpetrators, and their parents. This edition includes updated and expanded empirical data; coverage of the newest digital venues where cyberbullying is appearing, including social networking sites; and a look at occurrences of cyberbullying among adults and among children with disabilities. The book also covers sexting and some of the legal issues surrounding it. The authors--internationally known experts in the field--provide practical tips for parents and educators on how to prevent cyberbullying through family and classroom discussions about proper online behavior. They also offer suggestions for successful intervention techniques in cyberbullying episodes that stem from their own work, research, and experiences"--
It's complicated : the social lives of networked teens
Web of Darkness
Emotional and behavioural difficulties associated with bullying and cyberbullying
Anti and pro-social communication : theories, methods, and applications
Too close to home
A framework for children's participation in online environments
Bullying in different contexts
Disconnect
What is new about how teenagers communicate through services such as Facebook, Twitter and Instagram? Does social media affect the quality of teens' lives? In this eye-opening book, youth culture and technology expert Danah Boyd uncovers some of the major myths regarding teens' use of social media. She explores tropes about identity, privacy, safety, danger and bullying. Ultimately, Boyd argues that society fails young people when paternalism and protectionism hinder teenagers' ability to become informed, thoughtful and engaged citizens through their online interactions. Yet despite an environment of rampant fear-mongering, Boyd finds that teens often find ways to engage and to develop a sense of identity. Boyd's conclusions are essential reading not only for parents, teachers and others who work with teens, but also for anyone interested in the impact of emerging technologies on society, culture and commerce in years to come. Offering insights gleaned from more than a decade of original fieldwork interviewing teenagers across the United States, Boyd concludes reassuringly that the kids are all right. At the same time, she acknowledges that coming to terms with life in a networked era is not easy or obvious. In a technologically mediated world, life is bound to be complicated.
The psychology of teen violence and victimization. Volume 1-2
The cyber effect : a pioneering cyberpsychologist explains how human behavior changes online
Cyberbullying in childhood and adolescence : assessment, coping, and the role of appearance
Confronting cyber-bullying : what schools need to know to control misconduct and avoid legal consequences
Cyber criminology : exploring Internet crimes and criminal behavior
Alert : a parent' guide to cyber-bullying and cyberstalking
Generation bullied 2.0 : prevention and intervention strategies for our most vulnerable students
Computer-mediated communication in personal relationships
"As the linguistic, cognitive and social elements of our lives are transformed by new and emerging technologies, educational settings are also challenged to respond to the issues that have arisen as a consequence. This book focuses on that challenge: using psychological theory as a lens to highlight the positive uses of new technologies in relationships and educational settings, and to advocate technological learning opportunities and social support where the misuse and abuse of ICT occurs. The Impact of Technology on Relationships in Educational Settings sets out to explore the role of ICTs in relationship forming, social networking and social relationships within our schools and has grown out of the European Cooperation in Science and Technology (COST); Action on cyberbullying, involving 28 participating countries, and two non-COST countries, of which Australia is one. This cutting edge international text offers cross-cultural, psychological perspectives on the positive uses of new and emerging technologies to improve social relationships and examples of best practice to prevent virtual bullying. This comes at a time when much of the focus in current writings has been on the more negative aspects which have emerged as new technologies evolved: cyberbullying, cyber-aggression and cybersafety concerns. This text is ideally suited to researchers and practiitioners in the fields of Educational and developmental psychology, as well as those specialising in educational technology and the sociology of education"-- Provided by publisher.
This is the first collection of readings on computer-mediated communication focusing exclusively on interpersonal interactions. Examining messages exchanged via email, Twitter, Facebook, websites, and blogs, the authors analyze communication issues of ongoing importance in relationships including deception, disclosure, identity, influence, perception, privacy, sexual fidelity, and social support. The book examines subjects that attract intense student interest - including online performance of gender, online dating, and using computer-mediated communication to achieve family/work life balance - and will inspire further research and course development in the area of computer-mediated communication in personal relationships. Because it provides a synthesis of ideas at the nexus of interpersonal communication theory and computer-mediated communication theory, the book can serve as a textbook for advanced undergraduate as well as graduate courses.
Truths and myths of cyber-bullying : international perspectives on stakeholder responsibility and children's safety
Cyberbullying prevention and response : expert perspectives
Seven deadliest social network attacks
Cyberbullying and cyberthreats : responding to the challenge of online social aggression, threats, and distress
"You may be surfing the internet and come across a topic being discussed in the comments of an article that you care deeply about, say, perhaps, recycling. You read people debating whether it really makes a difference to recycle, given the scope of environmental problems on the planet. Fair enough. But then someone starts contributing what seem to you as inane or irrational posts. This person writes that he (you won't know the gender, but trolls are most often male ) never recycles and encourages his friends not to recycle, even going so far as to throw unrecyclable materials in recycling containers he sees so as to destroy others' attempts at recycling. He expresses scorn for people who care about the planet and swears that he leaves his car running "just to piss off those dirty eco-hippies." You become incensed and start explaining to him that environmental concerns are real and provide data and links to sites with solid and well-researched information about environmental issues. But it seems that the more information you provide, the more outrageous his claims are and the more insulting he becomes. You become angry and insult him back, telling him he is illogical, stupid, and obtuse, and asking him to educate himself on these topics. But he continues to spout his insulting and infuriating nonsense. In response, you become increasingly frustrated, but nothing you say seems to have any effect on his stance. In all probability, you've been trolled"--
Cyberbullying in social media within educational institutions : featuring student, employee, and parent information
Odd girl out : how to help your daughter navigate the world of friendships, bullying and cliques - in the classroom and online
When the incredibly attractive Benedict befriends Lily online, she is thrilled. He is so much more mature than boys her age and he seems to know exactly how she's feeling. She finds herself opening up to him, telling him things she wouldn't tell anybody else. And she needs someone to confide in more than ever before as a spate of apparent suicides rocks her school - and her group of friends. But is Benedict the kind, charming person that he seemed to be initially? Lily soon realises that now, with half our lives spent online, you can be found - even if you try to hide... A dark thriller about online stalking and obsession from this master of gritty teen reads.
Bullying among university students : cross-national perspectives
Is your child safe online? : a parent's guide to the internet, Facebook, mobile phones & other new media
Gendertrolling : how misogyny went viral
"The Handbook of Bullying in Schools: An International Perspective provides a comprehensive review and analysis of what is known about the worldwide bullying phenomena. It is the first volume to systematically review and integrate what is known about how cultural and regional issues affect bullying behavior and its prevention." "It draws on insights from scholars around the world to advance our understanding of theoretical and empirical foundations for understanding bullying; assessment and measurement of bullying; and research-based prevention and intervention methods." "Key features include the following: Comprehensive - 41 chapters bring together conceptual, methodological, and preventive findings from this loosely coupled field of study, thereby providing a long-needed centerpiece around which the field can continue to grow in an organized and interdisciplinary manner; Approximately 40% of the chapters deal with bullying assessment, prevention, and intervention efforts outside the USA; Chapter Structure - To provide continuity, chapter authors follow a common chapter structure: overview, conceptual foundations, specific issues or programs, and a review of current research and future research needs; Implications for Practice - A critical component of each chapter is a summary table outlining practical applications of the foregoing research; and Expertise - The editors and contributors include leading researchers, teachers, and authors in the bullying field, most of whom are deeply connected to organizations studying bullying around the world."--BOOK JACKET.
