http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21218 modes of transport
modes of transport modes of travel modes of transportation
Unlucky ship
Quality and costs of diabetes care – comparison of two models in primary health care
Second mate
Anchorage
Living streets : strategies for crafting public space
Old Estonian folk life
Analysing multimodal accessibility and mobility in urban environments : final report of an intensive course at the Department of Geosciences and Geography, University of Helsinki, autumn 2014
Reconsidering the bicycle : an anthropological perspective on a new (old) thing
Helsinki : towards a solid cycling culture : a journey into winter cycling
They'll never walk alone? : the multiple settings of children's active transportation and independent mobility
What connects the Baltimore Washington International Airport and South Korea's Songdo International Business District? What are the cultural narratives that unfold from their bold visions of mobility and of the city in transit and transition? Put another way, what are the relations between modernity, mobile lifestyles, and urban spaces as we move deeper into what the French sociologist Marc Augé has called the age of 'supermodernity'? Perhaps more importantly, are there alternative ways of thinking about mobility and the future of society in a rapidly shrinking, globally interconnected and, at the same time, socially and culturally divided world?
Analysing spatial accessibility patterns with travel time and distance measures : novel approaches for rural and urban contexts
Suomen merimuseo = The Maritime Museum of Finland : annual report 1993
Rivers and the power of ancient Rome
Implementation of safety management in outsourced services in the manufacturing industry
Intercultural Communication in the Global Workplace, 5/e by Beamer and Varner addresses the issues of culture and communication within the context of international business. The text provides examples of how cultural values and practices impact business communication. The authors explore the relationships among the cultural environments of the firm and the structure of the firm. They examine how companies and individuals communicate, and concentrate on the underlying cultural reasons for behavior. This approach helps readers develop an ability to work successfully within an environment of cultural diversity both at home and abroad.
Possibilities of co-operation in maritime occupational statistics
Abstract.
The tourism system
Slow travel and tourism
Ways of walking : ethnography and practice on foot
Rush hour : how 500 million commuters survive the daily journey to work
The invisible hook : the hidden economics of pirates
The world of the Indian Ocean merchant, 1500-1800 : collected essays of Ashin Das Gupta
The Viking age : Ireland and the West : papers from the proceedings of the fifteenth Viking Congress, Cork, 18-27 August 2005
Geographies of mobilities : practices, spaces, subjects
Perspectives on mobility and travelling : a study of references to functionally-bounds forms of individual movement in non-literary texts from New Kongdom Deir el-Medina
Traffic safety of vulnerable road users in urban areas.
Life on board the last windjammers : [Summary]
Accident prevention on board ship at sea and in port
The Finno-Ugric peoples
The forgotten arts and crafts
The sea their graves : an archaeology of death and remembrance in maritime culture
This book comprises papers by Irish and overseas scholars on aspects of the Viking Age relating to Ireland and the western Viking world. The contributions focus on Viking-age archeology, history, linguistics, literature, numismatics, placenames and runology. The major themes explored in the book include Viking-age Ireland, the colonization of the North Atlantic, weapons and warfare, and the development of urbanism. Based on the XVth Viking Congress, which took place in Cork in 2005, this publication may be regarded as a quinennial review of Viking Studies by its leading proponents.
Perpetual contact : mobile communication, private talk, public performance d ed. by James E. Katz and Mark A. Aakhus
Abstract: Crash violence within the traffic system : risks and their reduction on regional and connecting roads.
Culture and mobility
Views on future maritime occupational accident statistics
Scandinavian shipping culture
Moving towards low carbon mobility
Intercultural communication in the global workplace
The forgotten arts
Life experience and alcohol : 60-75-year-olds' relationship to alcohol in theme interviews
Beyond the horizon : essays on myth, history, travel and society : in honor of Jukka Siikala
Communication styles in two different cultures : Korean and American
Circumpolar Health 93 : proceedings of the 9th International Congress on Circumpolar Health, Reykjavik, June 20-25, 1993 ; editors: Guðrún Pétursdóttir ... [et al.]
