http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21215 sea level changes
sea level changes
Climate change and ongoing transformation processes in economy and agriculture will have strong and multiple impacts in the Baltic region. In particular coastal zones face increasing hazards, e.g. due to sea level rise or changes in riverine nutrient loads and eutrophication. These changes also offer a wide range of new opportunities in the Baltic Region. Adaptation measures are needed but require a thorough and spatially differentiated understanding of underlying ecological, economic and social processes. Sixteen contributions by authors from eight countries give a comprehensive overview of t
Evolution and dynamics of seacoasts in conditions of relative sea level oscillations : international symposium, Aug. 20-26, 1986 : ex cursion guide and abstracts
The changing level of the Baltic Sea during 300 years : a clue to understanding the earth
See under the sea
Global change and Baltic coastal zones
Tide : the science and lore of the greatest force on earth
Breakers of the century : flash flooding in January 2005 in the Gulf of Finland
Understanding sea-level rise and variability
Radiocarbon date list 11 : East Greenland Shelf, West Greenland Shelf, Labrador Sea, Baffin Island Shelf, Baffin Bay, Nares Strait, and Southwest to Northwest Icelandic Shelf
Sea level changes on the Finnish coast and their relationship to atmospheric factors
Climate and sea level scenarios for Olkiluoto for the next 10,000 years
Late Weichselian and Holocene shore displacement history of the Baltic Sea in Finland
People and the intertidal : human induced changes, biodiversity loss, livelihood implications and management in the Western Indian Ocean
Do whales get the bends? : answers to 118 fascinating questions about the sea
About 62 percent of Finland's current surface area has been covered by the waters of the Baltic basin at some stage. The highest shorelines are located at a present altitude of about 220 metres above sea level in the north and 100 metres above sea level in the south-east. The nature of the Baltic Sea has alternated in the course of its four main postglacial stages between a freshwater lake and a brackish water basin connected to the outside ocean by narrow straits. This article provides a general overview of the principal stages in the history of the Baltic Sea and examines the regional influence of the associated shore displacement phenomena within Finland. The maps depicting the various stages have been generated digitally by GIS techniques.Following deglaciation, the freshwater Baltic Ice Lake (12,600-10,300 BP) built up against the ice margin to reach a level 25 metres above that of the ocean, with an outflow through the straits of Öresund. At this stage the only substantial land areas in Finland were in the east and south-east. Around 10,300 BP this ice lake discharged through a number of channels that opened up in central Sweden until it reached the ocean level, marking the beginning of the mildly saline Yoldia Sea stage (10,300-9500 BP). As the connecting channels rose above sea level, however, the Baltic Sea became confined once more, to form the Ancylus Lake (9500-8000 BP). During its existence the outflow channel to the ocean shifted to the Straits of Denmark and the major lake systems of central Finland became isolated from the Baltic basin. After the brief Mastogloia transition phase, a greater influx of saline water began to take place through the Straits of Denmark, marking the Litorina Sea stage (7500- 4000 BP), to be followed by a somewhat less saline stage known as the Limnea Sea. After a transgressive period early in the Litorina Sea stage, shoreline displacement in Finland has proceeded at a steadily declining rate.
Nonlinear trends and multiyear cycles in sea level records
The Copenhagen diagnosis : updating the world on the latest climate science
Global climate change and the rising challenge of the sea
Strategies for adaption to sea level rise
NeMo network monitors sea conditions
