http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21262 restorative justice
restorative justice
The pursuit of international criminal justice : a world study on conflicts, victimization, and post-conflict justice
Changing lenses : Restorative justice for our times
Law and the politics of memory : confronting the past
Restorative justice : critical concepts in criminology. Vol. 3. The promise of restorative justice
Victims of violence and restorative practices : finding a voice
Guilty pleas in international criminal law : constructing a restorative justice approach
Transitional and retrospective justice in the Baltic states
Civilising criminal justice : an international restorative agenda for penal reform
Restorative justice and violence against women
Restorative justice in transition
Despite significant accomplishments over the past 35 years, antiviolence activists know that justice for most abused women remains elusive. Most victims do not call the police or seek help from the courts, making it crucial to identify new ways for survivors to find justice. This path-breakting book examines new justice pracitves for victims that are being used in the United States, Canada, Australia, and New Zealand. These informal, dialogue-based practices, referred to as "restorative justice", seek to decrease the role of the state in responding to crime, and increase the involvement of communities in meeting the needs of victims and offenders. Restorative justice is most commonly used to address youth crimes and is generally not recommended or disallowed for cases of rape, domestic violence, and child sexual abuse. Nevertheless, restorative practices are beginning to be used to address violent crime ... (Quelle: Text Verlag / Verlag).
"Restorative Justice is one of the most talked about developments in the field of crime and justice. Its advocates and practitioners argue that state punishment, society's customary response to crime, neither meets the needs of crime victims nor prevents reoffending. In its place, they suggest, should be restorative justice, in which families and communities of offenders encourage them to take responsibility for the consequences of their actions, express repentance and repair the harm they have done. First published in 2002, Restorative Justice: Ideas, Values, Debates is renowned worldwide as an accessible, balanced and invaluable analysis of the argument that restorative justice can provide an attractive alternative to traditional responses to crime. The second edition includes a new chapter identifying and analysing fundamental shifts and developments in restorative justice thinking over the last decade. It suggests that the campaign for restorative justice has not only grown rapidly in the last decade, but has also changed in its focus and character. What started as a campaign to revolutionise criminal justice has evolved into a social movement that aspires to implant restorative values into the fabric of everyday life. This new edition explores the implications of this development for restorative justice's claim to provide a feasible and desirable alternative to mainstream thinking on matters of crime and justice".
Taking responsibility for the past : reparation and historical injustice
Encyclopedia of transitional justice. Vol. 1
Restorative justice : critical concepts in criminology. Vol. 1. The rise of restorative justice
Victim-offender mediation in cases of intimate relationship violence-ideals, attitudes, and practices in Finland
Restorative justice theory and practice : addressing the discrepancy
Encyclopedia of transitional justice. Vol. 3
Encyclopedia of transitional justice. Vol. 2
Sub-state governance through territorial autonomy : a comparative study in constitutional law of powers, procedures and institutions
Conferencing and restorative justice : international practices and perspectives
Restorative justice, self-interestand responsible citizenship
Reconciling community and subjective life : trauma testimony as political theorizing in the work of Jean Améry and Imre Kertész
Abstract: Young crime : prevalence, predictors, correlates and restorative justice.
"Law and the Politics of Memory: Confronting the Past examines law's role as a tool of memory politics in the efforts of contemporary societies to work through the traumas of their past. The book examines how and why law has become so central in processes in which the past is constituted as a series of injustices that need to be rectified and can allegedly be repaired. Using the examples of French colonialism and Vichy, as well as addressing the politics of memory surrounding the Holocaust, communism and colonialism, this book provides a critical exploration of law's role in 'belated' transitional justice contexts. As such, it explores different legal modalities in processes of working through the past; addressing the implications of regulating history and memory through legal categories and legislative acts, whilst exploring how trials, restitution cases, and memory laws manage to fulfil such varied expectations as clarifying truth, rendering homage to memory and reconciling societies.Legal scholars, historians and political scientists, especially those working with transitional justice, history and memory politics in particular, will find this book a stimulating exploration of the specificity of law as an instrument and forum of the politics of memory".
Debating restorative justice
Post-communist transitional justice : lessons from twenty-five years of experience
Restorative justice : critical concepts in criminology. Vol. 2. Restorative practices on the international stage
Victims and restorative justice
Restorative justice : critical concepts in criminology. Vol. 4. Stumbling blocks on the road to restorative jurisprudence
After oppression : transitional justice in Latin America and Eastern Europe
From molehills to mountains (and myths?) : a critical history of transitional justice advocacy
Transitional justice in post-communist Romania : the politics of memory
Urban crime prevention, surveillance, and restorative justice : effects of social technologies
Just emotions : rituals of restorative justice
"A close examination of an understudied European Union member state such as Romania reveals that, since 1989, postcommunist state and non-state actors have adopted a wide range of methods, processes, and practices of working through the communist past. Both the timing and the sequencing of these transitional justice methods prove to be significant in determining the efficacy of addressing and redressing the crimes of 1945 to 1989. In addition, there is evidence that some of these methods have directly facilitated the democratization process, while the absence of other methods has undermined the rule of law. This is the first volume to overview the complex Romanian transitional justice effort, by accessing secret archives and investigating court trials of former communist perpetrators, lustration, compensation and rehabilitation, property restitution, the truth commission, the rewriting of history books, and unofficial truth projects. It details the political negotiations that have led to the adoption of relevant legislation and assesses these processes in terms of their timing, sequencing, and impact on democratization"--
After the crime : the power of restorative justice dialogues between victims and violent offenders
Institutionalizing restorative justice
Restorative justice in the Nordic countries : NSfK's Contact Seminar 2008 Reykjavik, Iceland, October 31st - 2nd November
