http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2123 development (passive)
development (passive)
Children's reading choices
A new Russia?
Canonical Wnt signaling in hair and mammary gland patterning and development
Environmental Impacts of Tourism : Case: Pyynikki Outdoor Recreation Area
"The second volume of the bestselling landmark work on the history of the modern state  Writing in The Wall Street Journal, David Gress called Francis Fukuyama's Origins of Political Order "magisterial in its learning and admirably immodest in its ambition." In The New York Times Book Review, Michael Lind described the book as "a major achievement by one of the leading public intellectuals of our time." And in The Washington Post, Gerard DeGrott exclaimed "this is a book that will be remembered. Bring on volume two."   Volume two is finally here, completing the most important work of political thought in at least a generation. Taking up the essential question of how societies develop strong, impersonal, and accountable political institutions, Fukuyama follows the story from the French Revolution to the so-called Arab Spring and the deep dysfunctions of contemporary American politics. He examines the effects of corruption on governance, and why some societies have been successful at rooting it out. He explores the different legacies of colonialism in Latin America, Africa, and Asia, and offers a clear-eyed account of why some regions have thrived and developed more quickly than others. And he boldly reckons with the future of democracy in the face of a rising global middle class and entrenched political paralysis in the West.  A sweeping, masterful account of the struggle to create a well-functioning modern state, Political Order and Political Decay is destined to be a classic"--
Three perspectives on the evolving electric vehicles innovation network of Finland
Fibroblast growth factor signaling in the development of the midbrain and anterior hindbrain
Resource Efficiency of Mass Events
A chronological analysis of the child's acquisition of language with emphasis on vocabulary acquisition
Readings in child development
Human growth and development : a psychological approach
This publication assesses the effectiveness of urban planning as a tool for dealing with the unprecedented challenges facing 21st-century cities and for enhancing sustainable urbanization.There is now a realization that, in many parts of the world, urban planning systems have changed very little and are often contributors to urban problems rather than functioning as tools for human and environmental improvement. Against this background, the global report's central argument is that, in most parts of the world, current approaches to planning must change and that a new role for urban planning in sustainable urban development has to be found.--Publisher's description.
Review of sustainable development and productivity activities
The development practitioners' handbook
Brain oscillatory responses, working memory and cognitive delopmental stages in 11- 14 -year old children : an ERD/ERS study
The patron-driven library : a practical guide for managing collections and services in the digital age
A considerable number of journal publications using a range of qualitative synthesis approaches has been published. Mary Dixon-Woods and colleagues (Mary Dixon-Woods, Booth, & Sutton, 2007) identified 42 qualitative evidence synthesis papers published in health care literature between 1990 and 2004. An ongoing update by Hannes and Macaitis (2010)identified around 100 additional qualitative or mixed methods syntheses. Yet these generally lack a clear, detailed description of what was done and why (Greenhalgh et al, 2007; McInnes & Wimpenny, 2008) . Choices are most commonly influenced by what others have successfully used in the past or by a particular school of thought (Atkins et al, 2008; Britten et al, 2002). This is a substantive limitation.  This book  brings balance to the options available to researchers, including approaches that have not had a substantial uptake among researchers. It provides arguments for when and why researchers or other parties of interest should opt for a certain approach to synthesis, which challenges they might face in adopting it and what the potential strengths and weaknesses are compared with other approaches.  This book acts as a resource for readers who would otherwise have to piece together the methodology from a range of journal articles. In addition, it should stimulate further development and documentation of synthesis methodology in a field that is characterized by diversity.
OECD economic surveys : Ireland. 1988/1989
OECD economic surveys : United Kingdom. 1993-1994
New challenges for European human resource management
The evolution of everything : how new ideas emerge
Development and functioning of fiscal frameworks in the Central and Eastern European countries
Entrepreneurship and dynamics in the knowledge economy
A systematic literature review on social work considering environmental issues and sustainable development
Social and emotional challenges encountered in the beginning of school
Synthesising qualitative research : choosing the right approach
The Oxford handbook of identity development
Encyclopedia of infant and early childhood development
Winter carbon losses from a boreal mire succession sequence follow summertime patterns in carbon dynamics
The development of the American economy
Protecting the rights of indigenous peoples : promoting the sustainability of the global environment?
The development of meaning : a study of children's use of language
Symplastically transmitted signals regulate pattern formation during root development in Arabidopsis thaliana
Contrary to most experience, Estonia (as well as Latvia and Lithuania) has been able to combine, for a number of years, fixed exchange rates, financial liberalisation (prior to proper supervision) and large current account deficits without inviting speculation using large capital flows as vehicles.The standard argument is that this must be due to exceptionally sound fundamentals and great policy credibility.Without challenging this argument either generally or for the case of Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania, this paper offers a supplementary perspective.These countries did not aim at developing a full-scale national economy with a full set of financial and other markets, as they had the possibility of joining an institutionally, culturally and geographically close set of North-Western European markets.Such a strategy goes further than having the goal of "rejoining Europe" as the external policy anchor.Having well-developed domestic markets can in some cases be substituted by accessing near-by markets, thus leaving little leeway to potentially unstable capital flows.This option, however, is not open to all, and it also has its downside. Key words: capital flows, exchange rate systems, institutional development, financial liberalisation, Baltic countries .
Nordic stock market integration
Lithuania's secession from the economic space of the former Soviet union
An introduction to development economics
Teaching is a profession notorious for high 'burn-out', with some describing this process  beginning as early as student teaching. Struggling teachers feel disconnected and uninspired. On the side  of them, new teachers make their way through their induction years. At schools and in universities  experienced teachers and researchers have a lot of contextual knowledge and competences. Value  increasing projects like peer group mentoring are needed to enhance both conceptual and practical  implications for understanding learning in professional communities. The present study is aimed at  investigating factors which contribute to variations of teachers and researchers coping through the  stages of their professional lives. The idea of sustaining the commitment goes back to the conception of  social learning in communities of practice (Wenger, 1998). The 14-month program of 15 ECTS credits (400  hours) was started in 2010 in Oulu University of Applied Sciences (Oulu UAS), in the School of Vocational  Teacher Education (SVTE) and is continuing still, starting with slight alterations every year. Each year a  group of about 10 experienced professionals are educated to act as peer group mentors in their work  places. Yearly their expectations, feedbacks and overall evaluations are collected to form a data basis for  research. Among the most convincing features expressed in the research material which support the  planned aims was the acquisition of fresh attitudes towards work places, their functions and the  employees' roles in them. Besides widened perspectives, feelings of collegial respect, sense of  professional ethics and personal positive attitudes to professional growth were apparent.
Technological progress towards sustainable development
Those who bridge the gaps : brokers and translators within development practices in Nepal
User-driven community-based service development
Organisational structure and the care of the mentally retarded
The growth of personality : from infancy to old age
Action Research differs dramatically from other works on the subject. In this book, action research is more broadly conceived than it is in previous works. Many works on the subject describe the process simply as one in which a problem is identified by the practitioner, some questions are framed, data are collected from some sources, conclusions are drawn, and some action is then taken. Although these are the basic steps in action research, this approach simplifies the process to the point that it renders the project insignificant or as capable of making only minimal contributions at best. Action research, as described and explained in this book, places more faith in practitioners as professional educators who can be trained and expected to utilize elaborate, thoughtful, and significant approaches to solving problems in school settings. Hence, in Action Research attention is devoted to specific strategies and techniques that have traditionally been reserved only for the more advanced practice of educational research. Action research, then, is not merely a type of research reserved for individuals with little if any formal training in educational research. Rather, action research is a viable tool used by professional and skilled educators who incorporate a wide variety of methodologies, designs, and approaches when conducting research. This underlying assumption makes this book unique. Moreover, as will be explained later, action research is not a separate method of research (along with descriptive, historical, correlational, and evaluation research). Rather, it is a type of research that may utilize and incorporate many different methods of research. Hence, this book is also unique because it considers action research as a process that may include various methods to suit its purpose(s). This book is designed to introduce those research strategies that are likely to be used by practicing supervisors and teachers in their attempt to improve school practices on a daily basis. As such, this book might also be a valuable guidebook for conducting action research at the master's and doctoral levels.
Physical activity : human growth and development
Economic development in the nineteenth century : France, Germany, Russia and the United States
Perspectives in Infant Mental Health : Professional Publication of the World Association for Infant Mental Health
"A guide for librarians to develop a new relationship with technology that preserves the core mission of libraries while responding to the needs of a new generation of library clients"--Page xxii.
GATE. Entrepreneurship development in Gatchina distric : evaluation report
Identity shift : where identity meets technology in the networked-community age
Finnish Science Barometer
Will digitalisation transform the financial sector too?
GDP growth in Russia : Different Capital Stock Series and the Terms of Trade
Evidence-based practice in educating deaf and hard-of-hearing students
Challenges and Opportunities for the Tourism Industry in Aschaffenburg and Seinäjoki : A Comparison
World development report 1979.
Academic and educational development : research, evaluation and changing practice in higher education
Nineteen eighty-four : science between utopia and dystopia
China's rhetoric and soft power towards the Portuguese-speaking countries : the case of Angola
Planning sustainable cities : policy directions : global report on human settlements 2009
The book of me : life coach yourself to success
System Thinking World Journal : Reflection in Action
How to make partner and still have a life
Ten years of economic transformation : the economies in transition and the EU enlargement. Vol. 3, Societies and institutions in transition
The Russian economy has begun to contract due to the fall in the price of oil. GDP will contract by over 4% in 2015. The uncertainty will cause a decline in investment, and consumption will be cut particularly by rapid inflation. Imports will be reduced by the contracting economy, a weak rouble and declining export income. In 2016-2017, the price of oil will rise and the contraction in the economy and imports will flatten out. Forecast risks relating to investment and imports, in particular, are high.
On the nature and role of imitation in early language development
Sustainability in Construction
The least developed countries : report 2002
Cognitive structure : theory and measurement of individual differences
Factors in economic development
The growth of personality from infancy to old age
Preconditions for Sustainable Rural Coworking Spaces in Southwest Finland : Field Study England - Case Study Mietoinen
Russian security policy : research in Finland and development trends in Russia.
Political development in Pakistan
A guide to staff & educational development
Growth and development
Tourism : change, impacts and opportunities
Techonological forecasting in perspective : a framework for technical forecasting, its techniques and organisation; a description of activities and annotated bibliography
World economic and social survey. 2014/2015, Learning from national supporting MDG implementation
Sulphur content in ships bunker fuel in 2015 : a study on the impacts of the new IMO regulations and transportation costs
Home lingual environment effect on development : of child's language in multilingual daycare
Tuning cell motility : roles of nestin and vimentin in cancer cell invasion
GATA factors regulate inner ear development and midbrain neurogenesis
Sustainable development and logistics in retail industry  : Multiple case study: Wal-Mart & Carrefour
Ten years of economic transformation : the economies in transition and the EU enlargement. Vol. 1, The economics in transition and the EU Enlargement
World economic and social survey 1998 : trends and policies in the world economy
Nepalese child labourers' life-contexts, cognitive skills and well-being
The emerging child : development through age twelve
Club rugby development in Finland between 2003-2007
Analyzing China Smart Water Meter Industry Cluster Competitiveness
Sustainable development : new bearings for the Nordic countries = Bæredygtig udvikling : en ny kurs for Norden = Kestävä kehitys : Pohjolan uusi suunta = Sjálfbær þróun : ný stefna fyrir Norþurlönd
The earthscan reader in sustainable development
"South-south" remittance -poverty reduction nexus : the case of "Hadiya" immigrants in South Africa, as agents of "constituency development" in Ethiopia, and the policy implications of their "remittance instrument"
Mental retardation : the developmental-difference controversy
Development work thesis as tool for continuing professional development
Language in hand : why sign came before speech
"We really had a great week together, didn't we?" : the development of questions in texts written by adult learners of English as a second language
Sustainable development and solid waste management : people's attitudes in Lusaka, Zambia
PK Tradesman Tmi  Developing marketing in a multicultural environment
New technologies challenging old structures of governance : STAGE Finnish anchoring case
Promotion and Development of Tourism in Cameroon
Market Development of Video Games : Video game markets and marketing
The Third World : A new focus for development
Towards circular economy  : EU, Finland and Lahti region perspectives
Estimating the long run relationship between income inequality and economic development
Tissue culture technology and development
Sustainable Logistics in Germany's SMEs
Empowering credit - more than just money : the socio-economic impact of micro-finance on women in Nairobi, Kenya
Pornography at different steges of girls psycho-social development : context, subject and changing meanings
What about me? : the struggle for identity in a market-based society
Asian economic systems
Preventing carbon leakage with consumption-based emission policies?
Summary of the Finnish Science Barometer
Child development during the elementary school years
Civil society and transitions in the Western Balkans
Handbook of development economics. Volume 3A
Identity is defined in many different ways in various disciplines in the social sciences and sub-disciplines within psychology. The developmental psychological approach to identity is characterized by a focus on developing a sense of the self that is temporally continuous and unified across the different life spaces that individuals inhabit. Erikson proposed that the task of adolescence and young adulthood was to define the self by answering the question: Who Am I? There have been many advances in theory and research on identity development since Erikson's writing over fifty years ago, and the time has come to consolidate our knowledge and set an agenda for future research. The Oxford Handbook of Identity Development represents a turning point in the field of identity development research. Various, and disparate, groups of researchers are brought together to debate, extend, and apply Erikson's theory to contemporary problems and empirical issues. The result is a comprehensive and state-of-the-art examination of identity development that pushes the field in provocative new directions.
No change on the horizon : Belarus after the 2015 presidential election
Russian security policy : research in Finland and development trends in Russia
A preterm child grows : focus on speech and language during the first two years
Leading issues in economic development
Developing and managing service offerings : case study: Skanska Telecom Networks' Wireless Unit
Towards professional growth by teachers : peer mentoring program
The development of language-mixing through different activities in bilingual first language acquisition
Promotion of child growth in Vietnam : case study: an application of the PRECEDE-PROCEED-model to assess needs for an intervention
Sustainability of water services implemented using community-managed project approach in Amhara Region of Ethiopia
OECD economic surveys : Sweden. 1993-1994
Interrogating the neoliberal biopolitics of the sustainable development-resilience nexus
The Impact of Information Communication Technology on Small and Medium Scale Enterprises Productivity In Nigeria
Global wine market in the hands of the millennials : how France lost its predominance
The psychological development of the child
World Bank and the case for privatisation : development in Peru in the 1990s
How to be a home economics teacher
Sustainability and development : on the future of small society in a dynamic economy
The technological transformation of China
The child's conception of language
Managing technological knowledge transfer : proceedings from COST A3 workshop in Milan, Italy February 1-2, 1996
On the road to systemic sustainability : how can cleantech facilitate the Finnish sustainability transition - a multi-layer perspective backcasting analysis
Economic survey : September 2002.
Assisting reform in post-communist Ukraine 2000-2012 : the illusions of donors and the disillusion of beneficiaries
Development plan for European Sport Services Ltd.
New era for development cooperation : case: Finland and Viet Nam
Book 2010 : development trends in the book trade - summary
Language development : the key to learning
Role of Wnt4 signaling in mammalian sex determination, ovariogenesis and female sex duct differentiation
World economic and social survey ... : trends and policies in the world economy
The profoundly mentally retarded
Open source mazeball game for Windows Phone
Handbook of development economics. Volume 3B
Capacity market in Russia : addressing the energy trilemma
Managing rapid application development risks with a graphical modeling method
Creating intergenerational contact between Oulunkylä English Kindergarten and Kustaankartano Centre for the Elderly
Individual player developmental model in ice-hockey
Mental rotation and mental folding in 7- and 8-year-old children
The puzzling nature of dwarf-sized gas poor disk galaxies
Sustainable development plan in hospitality : Muong Thanh Vinh Hotel
India stands out
Turkey's political direction : authoritarianism, liberal democracy or dissolution?
Conditions supporting trust development in relation to the perceived risks in Finnish-Russian business relationships
World economic and social survey ... : current trends and policies in the world economy
How children develop
Musical activities and the development of neural sound discrimination
This book sets the questions of energy and the environment in the North in the global context and further addresses historical developments, views on energy taxation and tariffs, and effects of EU energy policy. Climate change appears more frequently than ever on the top of global and national policy agendas. In the current situation traditional environmental concern and environmental policy may not suffice in the face of the global challenge as manifested by climate change and the depletion of fossil energy resources. But as new data comes to light, new energy policies and changes in economic structures are crucial for putting into action global climate policy. Crucial tasks in environmental policy are the sustainable utilisation of natural resources and the conservation of natural and human-made habitats. One of the areas of the world where this comes into play the most is in the Nordic countries. Northern societies are predominantly high tech, high consumption and high energy supply societies. And with the transition from older energy sources (wood for heating and stream water for power production) to newer ones (oil and nuclear energy) discussions on the environmental impact have led to public and corporate action. The Northern countries have been at the forefront in finding sustainable alternatives to solve conflicts arising from the rise in energy needs. However, these countries have taken different pathways with different policies in attempting to achieve this. As the needs and concerns from climate change arise, a Northern dimension, involving policies that contrast to European and global trends, emerges. "Energy, Policy, and the Environment: Modeling Sustainable Development for the North" explores that dimension.
International comparisons of student achievement in mathematics, science, and reading have consistently shown that Japanese and Korean students outperform their peers in other parts of world. Understandably, this has attracted many policymakers and researchers seeking to emulate this success, but it has also attracted strong criticism and a range of misconceptions of the Japanese and Korean education system. Directly challenging these misconceptions, which are prevalent in both academic and public discourses, this book seeks to provide a more nuanced view of the Japanese and Korean education systems. This includes the idea that the highly standardized means of education makes outstanding students mediocre; that the emphasis on memorization leads to a lack of creativity and independent thinking; that students' successes are a result of private supplementary education; and that the Japanese and Korean education systems are homogenous to the point of being one single system. Using empirical data Hyunjoon Park re-evaluates the strengths and weaknesses of the existing education systems in Japan and Korea and reveals whether the issues detailed above are real or unfounded and misinformed. Offering a balanced view of the evolving and complex nature of academic achievement among Japanese and Korean students, this book will appeal to students and scholars of Asian, international and comparative education, as well as those interested in Asian society more broadly.
11th Annual International Sustainable Development Research Conference 2005 : 6-8 June 2005, Finlandia Hall, Helsinki, Finland : conference proceedings
Energy, policy, and the environment : modeling sustainable development for the North
FIRST WAS THE SEA : Tourism Development History of Maakalla Island
The dynamic analysis of innovation and diffusion : a study in process control
MEG induced activation measures in describing auditory cortex maturation
Economies of scale and externalities in regional development
Theories of comparative economic growth
Soccer player development model  : the priorities of training and coaching youth soccer players to produce future elite soccer players
Risk and opportunity : managing risk for development
Understanding children's development in the early years : questions practitioners frequently ask
Economic development in Taiwan
Culture in, for and as sustainable development : conclusions from the COST Action IS1007 investigating cultural sustainability
Who develops who? : social sustainability in the poverty reduction strategies of Nepal
Technological transformation. Vol. 5, The historic process
Although carbon (C) gas exchange during the summer largely determines the annual C balance of mires, the wintertime fluxes cannot be ignored. Decomposition continues as long as the soil is not frozen and a proportion of the gases produced during summer are also released during winter. We measured carbon dioxide (CO2) and methane (CH4) fluxes along a successional mire sequence during two winters following growing seasons with divergent weather conditions. We studied the successional trends in wintertime C release in boreal mires, and quantified the contribution of wintertime C fluxes to annual fluxes. Wintertime CO2 and CH4 fluxes from the successional mire sequence were related to the flux rates during the previous summer. Average winter CO2 release along the successional sequence varied between 19.5 and 44.9 g CO2-C m-2 winter-1(6-months), and accounted for 8-14% of the annual CO2 release. There was no clear successional trend in CO2 fluxes. Average winter CH4 release along the successional sequence varied between 0.20 and 7.29 CH4-C g m-2 winter-1 (6-months).The winter CH4 fluxes accounted for up to 38% of the annual CH4 emissions. Occasional CH4 uptake was detected at the younger successional stages during winter following the dry summer, while after the wet summer all sites emitted CH4. In general, most of the winter C losses were composed of CO2..
Open Source Mazeball Game for Windows Phone
The careerist : over 100 ways to get ahead at work
Attributions and paradoxes of agency in socially sustainable development : perspectives from small-scale NGOs in Jinja, Uganda
The paradox of sustainable development : a conceptual framework for sustainability-driven family entrepreneurship from socio-emotional wealth perspective
"The New York Times bestselling author of The Rational Optimist and Genome returns with a fascinating, brilliant argument for evolution that definitively dispels a dangerous, widespread myth: that we can command and control our world.The Evolution of Everything is about bottom-up order and its enemy, the top-down twitch--the endless fascination human beings have for design rather than evolution, for direction rather than emergence. Drawing on anecdotes from science, economics, history, politics and philosophy, Matt Ridley's wide-ranging, highly opinionated opus demolishes conventional assumptions that major scientific and social imperatives are dictated by those on high, whether in government, business, academia, or morality. On the contrary, our most important achievements develop from the bottom up. Patterns emerge, trends evolve. Just as skeins of geese form Vs in the sky without meaning to, and termites build mud cathedrals without architects, so brains take shape without brain-makers, learning can happen without teaching and morality changes without a plan.Although we neglect, defy and ignore them, bottom-up trends shape the world. The growth of technology, the sanitation-driven health revolution, the quadrupling of farm yields so that more land can be released for nature--these were largely emergent phenomena, as were the Internet, the mobile phone revolution, and the rise of Asia. Ridley demolishes the arguments for design and effectively makes the case for evolution in the universe, morality, genes, the economy, culture, technology, the mind, personality, population, education, history, government, God, money, and the future.As compelling as it is controversial, authoritative as it is ambitious, Ridley's stunning perspective will revolutionize the way we think about our world and how it works"--
Five thousand years after a catastropic event sends a small surviving remnant of humanity into outer space, the progeny of those survivors--seven distinct races now three billion strong--embark on a journey into the unknown to return to Earth.
Food and agriculture in Papua New Guinea
Optimal pollution, endogenous population, and sustainability
The psychology of character development
Infancy is a unique period, in that at no other state is there greater growth and development. During this time, growth is occurring at a physical level, but equally impressive are the socio-emotional and cognitive developments during this time. Genetics, the womb environment, and the physical environment after birth all combine to impact the rate and manner of growth. Who we ultimately become as individuals begins here. Intended for university and public libraries, the Encyclopedia of Infant and Early Childhood Development is the major reference work that provides a comprehensive entry point into all of the existing literature on child development from the fields of psychology, genetics, neuroscience, and sociology. The scope of this work is to understand the developmental changes, when they occur, why they occur, how they occur, and those factors that influence that development. Although some medical information is included, the emphasis is on normal growth and is primarily from a psychological perspective.
Development of Anticafe Concept in Finland
Reading development of late talking toddlers with and without familial risk for dyslexia : a follow up study from age 2 to 15
Russian economy and imports to contract substantially in 2015.
Business support services for SMEs in Namibia : present state and development
Cognitive styles in infancy and early childhood
Product Service Systems design in the age of sustainability : A Case Study of City Car Club
Re-evaluating education in Japan and Korea : demystifying stereotypes
Development and applications of knowledge-intensive product strategies of Finnish high-tech firms in emerging markets : case study of Finnish biotech manufacturer in Central and Eastern Europe
Teaching motor skills
Resource management in the North
Democratization in Latin America and Russia : a comparative analysis
The Swedish model reassessed : affluence despite the welfare state
Goalie coach course for th IIHF
Semantic visualization for smart spaces : merging the material and digital worlds
Institutions and the geography of innovation : a regional perspective
Analysis of transportation issues from a Chinese company and of cases basis on the green logistics to find out countermeasures for the issues
A new concept of development : basic tenets
The significance of local governments in brownfield redevelopment projects
Chemometric methods in pharmaceutical tablet development and manufacturing unit operations
Mobile Game Development, Mobile Market Insights and Animation Methods.
Indigenization of African economies
Cities making competitive and liveable Europe : discussion paper on urban development during Finland's EU presidency
Modern Videogame Technology: Trends and Innovation
Contemporary Latin America : development and democracy beyond the Washington consensus
The Analysis of Restaurant Industry In Kuopio Region
Development planning : lessons of experience
Turnover estimate of large enterprises
Global economic growth has been resting on the performance of the BRICS countries (Brazil, Russia, India, China and South Africa), but now these countries are facing headwinds. China's economic growth is slowing down, Brazil's and Russia's economies are contracting, and growth in South Africa is sluggish. Within this group, India's economy of 1.3 billion people stands out to its advantage. India's economic growth is strengthening and, according to forecasts by the International Monetary Fund (IMF), stood at 7.3% in 2015. IMF projects India's growth rate to accelerate further and to reach levels close to 8% by the end of the decade, which underpins India's position as the world's fastest-growing large economy..
Sustainable development : an introductory guide
I remember me : mnemonic self-reference effects in preschool children
After a description of the new forms of globalization currently shaping our world, and of their possible spatial effects, the book highlights which European regions have in the past succeeded in taking advantage of globalization trends and identifies the major reasons for their success. The book also offers a prospective analysis utilizing scenarios based on different assumptions of how globalization trends will develop, identifying the regional winners and losers for each scenario. The analysis greatly benefits from a unique database which contains, among others, data on FDI by sector and professions at the regional Nuts-2 level for all 27 EU countries. A time-span of more than 10 years is covered, and scenarios are developed for the future development up to 2020.
Political order and political decay : from the industrial revolution to the globalization of democracy
Island colonization : the origin and development of island communities
Development discourses of the low human development index : countries in UN post-2015 discussion
Globalization and regional growth in Europe
Double standard : social policy in Europe and the United States
Traditional financial participants are facing new competition in the wake of digitalisation. On one hand, major technology giants have begun to provide services designed primarily for payments but partly also for lending, while on the other hand fast-growing fintech startups are out to peck the most delicious titbits off banks' plates, spurred by feather-light cost structures and new ways of thinking..
The process of economic development
This Discussion Paper explores the challenges that ethnicity poses for democratisation and development in Africa. It provides an overview of the literature on ethnicity and democratisation and an analysis of the trends on the continent since the end of the Cold War. In this regard, it critically examines perspectives on the impact of ethnicity on democracy and analyses the ethnicity-citizenship nexus in the context of the national democratic question in Africa. This provides the basis for the analysis of emerging challenges facing Africa and the way forward. The paper provides additional insights into the ongoing debates about democracy and the nation-state question in Africa and is of interest to scholars, practitioners and the general reader.
Development of after-sales program for Valkea Marina
Globally and locally : seeking a middle path to sustainable development
Children talking : the development of pragmatic competence
Designing and Testing an Educational Program for Professional Development  in Work Place : Sharing Expertise in Teachers' Peer Group Mentoring
An introduction to child development
European culture and the media : changing media, changing Europe
Combining the incompatibles / fixed exchange rate,  liberalisation and financial development in Estonia
Rethinking development : in search of humane alternatives
Ethnicity and democratisation in Africa : challenges for politics and development
Children growing up : the development of children's personalities
Parents' views on changes in their child's communication and linguistic and socioemotional development after cochlear implantation
Optimal pollution, optimal population, and sustainability
Development of ice hockey in Bosnia and Herzegovina
Developmental policy studies : the newsletter-journal of the national PSO's
Development in early childhood : the preschool years
International comparability of the climate indicators of the Helsinki Region Environmental Services Authority (HSY)
Learning for a sustainable future : innovative solution from the Baltic Sea region
Toward a steady-state economy
Human development report 1990
Development of nursing students during international exchange
Process Improvement Analysis of Sysmex dealership in Roche Diagnostics Oy
Being a teacher in England : teacher development in the biographies of three English primary school teachers
In search of the latest know-how in the development of public infrastructure in Helsinki
World economic and social survey 2009 : promoting development, saving the planet
There is urgent need for adults to re-think their ideas about childhood. Sociological approaches to childhood are needed as key contributions to improve basic conceptual thinking about how society works; as a matter of social justice; and as theoretical bases for educational reforms. Children have been traditionally understood in the education system as immature, incompetent, morally suspect pupils. Sociological thinking can help reconceptualise them as people to be respected; as knowledgeable, critical, competent participants in learning. Universities have an important role in providing opportunities for studients to study sociological approaches to childhood.
FGF signaling in neurogenesis and patterning of the developing midbrain and anterior hindbrain
The Routledge International Handbook of Philosophies and Theories of Early Childhood Education and Care
Tourism: Change, Impacts and Opportunities provides a comprehensive and balanced discussion of the impacts of tourism. The authors address the nature of tourism and tourists and the economic, physical and social impact that can result from their activity. New approaches to impact assessment are also considered. A wide range of examples from developed and developing countries illustrate the points raised in the text. This timely and perceptive book is essential reading for anyone involved in tourism planning or development and is also suitable for students of geography, planning, economics and sociology.
"A book that makes the case for evolution over design and skewers a widespread but dangerous myth: that we have ultimate control over our world"--
Water challange badge
Going Chinese : Is Exchange Rate Undervaluation a Relevant Policy for Boosting Africa's Manufactured Export Sector
Social and personality development : essays on the growth of the child
Resettlement from the Russian North : an analysis of state -induced relocation policy
Attainment and reflection : the role of social capital and regrets in developmental regulation
Meaningfulness and verbal learning
Advancing sustainability-oriented innovations in industrial markets
Yksikammioisten sydänlasten motorisen kehityksen muutos neljän vuoden seuranta-aikana : changes in motor development during a four-year follow-up on children with univentricular heart defects
OECD economic surveys : Japan. 1993-1994
Engines of creation
The economic development of China
Voluntary agreements for the achievement of sustainable development goals : Dutch Green Deals and WRAP agreements
Sociologies of childhood and educational thinking
Promotion and Development of Tourism in Namibia
Services 2020 : competences in the international service society : final report
Somali diaspora in Finland : assistance of the country of origin
Development of the Tertiary Sector : A Comparative Analysis Between BRIC Countries and Select Developed Economies
Introduction to sustainability : road to better future
Action research : an educational leader's guide to school improvement
New medical treatments opportunities to improve care when adherence to treatment can be improved
