http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21292 upper comprehensive school
upper comprehensive school
Diary of a wimpy kid : Greg Heffley's journal
Diary of a wimpy kid. 2, Rodrick rules
Darth Paper strikes back : an origami Yoda book
Simon vs. the homo sapiens agenda
Ultimate showdown
Greg records his sixth grade experiences in a middle school where he and his best friend, Rowley, undersized weaklings amid boys who need to shave twice daily, hope just to survive, but when Rowley grows more popular, Greg must take drastic measures to save their friendship / WorldCat.
Attitudes, extramural English and ELF acquisition
Learning English is fun! : incidental vocabulary acquisition of music and traditional class ninth graders via listening to pop songs
Supporting grade 5-8 students in constructing explanations in science : the claim, evidence, and reasoning framework for talk and writing
Bridging the transition from primary to secondary school
He is young. He is hot. He is also evil. He is ....... the librarian. Cynthia's best friend, Annie, falls head over heels for the new high-school librarian, but after meeting Mr. Gabriel, Cyn realizes something isn't quite right. Maybe it's the creepy look in the librarian's eyes... or the blood and horns and bat-like wings that appear when he thinks no one is looking. He's a demon... and now Cyn has to save her best friend from the clutches of the evil librarian, who also seems to be slowly sucking the life force out of the entire student body / Library off Congress.
Programmed astronomy. 1, The solar system
Job satisfaction among secondary school teachers in Tanzania : the case of Njombe district
"Junior year is going to be the best ever for slacker Mike until he loses his girlfriend, gets roped into school activities, and becomes totally confused about his sexual orientation after sharing a drunken kiss with a guy." / Library of Congress.
Greg Heffley tells about his summer vacation and his attempts to steer clear of trouble when he returns to middle school and tries to keep his older brother Rodrick from telling everyone about Greg's most humiliating experience of the summer.
"I can't come up with any reason why English could not be integrated with any other subject" : English teachers' perceptions of integrating English with other subjects in upper grades of comprehensive school
The book whisperer: awakening the inner reader in every child
Networking of some middle school principals in Shanghai, China
Top. 9, Exercises : key
Knowing matters : how students address lack of knowledge in bilingual classroom interaction
There has been increasing concern over middle-school students' standardized test scores and decreased engagement in learning activities. This is particularly true of "at-risk" students who often exhibit characteristics of learned helplessness. One factor may be that middle school students frequently do not understand what skills and knowledge they possess (academic self-efficacy) or how they learn (self-regulated learning strategy use). This study examined the effects of participation in a guided reflective writing program and gender on middle school students' academic self-efficacy beliefs and use of self-regulated learning strategies. Quantitative data were collected from an academic self-efficacy inventory administered as a pre- and posttest. Qualitative data were collected to examine students' awareness and use of self-regulated learning strategies. The data sources included the treatment group responses to writing prompts and interviews from selected students from both groups. Self-efficacy and self-regulated learning were examined for gender differences. This work is of interest to educators, counselors, administrators, psychologists,educational researchers, and parents.
Rafe's Aussie adventure
HIV/AIDS education in regular and special (deaf) secondary schools in Ghana
High school healthy hearts in the zone : a heart rate monitoring program for lifelong fitness
Key English. 8, Textbook
Use of music in English classrooms in lower and upper secondary schools and at university of applied sciences : a comparative study on teachers' perceptions and practices
New ways to teach and learn in China and Finland : crossing boundaries with technology
Get me out of here!
Achievement goals and cognitive learning strategies in dynamic contexts of learning
Spotlight. 8, Sights and sounds : textbook
Middle school mediocrity : quality and inequality in secondary education
Assessment for teaching
Perspectives on a global education course in some Finnish upper secondary schools : a survey on the Global.me project
How I survived bullies, broccoli, and Snake Hill
The nature of teacher discourse during practical work in lower secondary physics education
Far and beyond. 7
Sing, say, dance, play. 2 : seasonal songs, games and Orff activities for the music classroom
Is CLIL the wiser? : comparing content and language integrated learning and mainstream students' vocabulary knowledge on certain topics
"Koska jos onnistuu hankalassa tehtävässä, tulee hyvä mieli" : a study of homework attitudes and preferences of eight-grade students of English and their teachers in light of the theory of multiple intelligences
Spotlight. 9, Fact and fiction : textbook
Key English. 7, My own key
Teachers' perceptions of student engagement and teacher self-efficacy beliefs
The queen of Kentucky
Diary of a wimpy kid : Rodrick rules
Student engagement in Finnish lower secondary school
I even funnier : a middle school story
HIV/AIDS education in secondary schools : a study of government bilingual high schools in Yaoundé, Cameroon
Learning to teach geography in the secondary school : a companion to school experience
L2 writing and L2 written feedback in upper secondary schools as experienced by teachers
Learning to teach physical education in the secondary school : a companion to school experience
Failing at school : lessons for redesigning urban high schools
Philip's modern school atlas
Motivation and attitude towards English among ninth grade pupils in secondary school : a case study from Vaasa and Lappajärvi in Finland
Diary of a wimpy kid : the last straw
Top. 8, Teacher's file
Nutrition health project using an ICT-based learning environment : participatory action research in Eastern Finland
Sequential explanatory study of factors connected with science achievement in six countries: Finland, England, Hungary, Japan, Latvia and Russia : study based on TIMSS 1999
"Killing two birds with one stone" : idiom knowledge in content and language integrated learning (CLIL)
Diary of a wimpy kid. 3, The last straw
Reading, writing, and thinking about history : teaching diverse learners in the common core classroom, grades 6-12
Diverse yet similar : English teachers' conceptions of multicultural teaching and pupils of multicultural background
Princess Labelmaker to the rescue : an origami Yoda book
Teaching health and physical education in secondary school
Mathematics, affect and learning : Middle school students’ beliefs and attitudes about mathematics education
Diary of a Wimpy Kid. Cabin fever
Diary of a wimpy kid: Greg Heffley's journal
Real mermaids don't need high heels
Jazz in the classroom : practical sessions in jazz and improvisation : Pupil's book
Same- and other-sex victimization : risk factors, consequences, and protection by peers
Diary of a wimpy kid. 1
The secret of the Fortune Wookiee : an Origami Yoda book
Abandon the old in Tokyo
Learning a foreign language in one's second language : analyzing English language learning results in Finnish secondary school among non-native Finnish-speakers
Sing, say, dance, play : seasonal songs and Orff activities for the elementary music classroom
Far and beyond. 7, [Kombibok]
Middle-schooler Greg Heffley nimbly sidesteps his father's attempts to change Greg's wimpy ways until his father threatens to send him to military school.
Supporting language learning : teacher views on differentiation in secondary school English classrooms
Communicative competence in Finnish lower secondary school English teaching materials
Top. 7, Exercises : key
The relationship between classroom quality and students' engagement in secondary school
A comparative study of foreign language attitudes between monolingual, bilingual and immigrant secondary school pupils
Top. 9, Tests
Demotivation in learning English among immigrant pupils in the ninth grade of comprehensive school
Student engagement in two Singaporean secondary schools
Middle school healthy hearts in the zone : a heart rate monitoring program for lifelong fitness
Top. 9, Teacher's file
I funny TV : a Middle School story
Middle School : The Worst Years of My Life
Spotlight. 7, Faces and places : updated workbook
Smart moves. 3, Texts
Diary of a wimpy kid : a novel in cartoons
On the Go. 1, Textbook
A century of change in music education : historical perspectives on contemporary practice in British secondary school music
Co-teaching in the differentiated classroom : successful collaboration, lesson design, and classroom management : grades 5-12
To integrate or not : a comparison of the English skills of Finnish students in mainstream education and content and language integrated learning
Middle School : How I survived bullies, broccoli, and Snake Hill
Motivating middle school learners : reflective writing, self-efficacy, and self-regulated learning
Greg records his sixth grade experiences in a middle school where he and his best friend, Rowley, undersized weaklings amid boys who need to shave twice daily, hope just to survive, but when Rowley grows more popular, Greg must take drastic measures to save their friendship.
Senior Will Caynes must face unsettling feelings for his best friend Angus after they share a drunken kiss, while also embarking on his first real relationship with sophomore Brandy--all as the burden of home-life troubles weigh heavily / Library off Congress.
Supporting novice teachers at the work place : case study of selected schools in the Turku municipality
Motivational strategies used by principals in the management of schools : the case of some selected secondary schools in the Fako Division of the Southwest Region of Cameroon
I totally funniest : a middle school story
Good job! - giving positive feedback in EFL lessons : comparison of primary and secondary school
Something extra? : the use of authentic materials in Finnish secondary school EFL classrooms
Programmed astronomy. 2, The night sky
My brother is a big, fat liar
Geospatial technologies and geography education in a changing world : geospatial practices and lessons learned
Finnish summary.
Participative leadership practice in junior high schools and actions to improve the practice : a case study of Sekyere south district, Ghana
The fourth edition of Learning to Teach Physical Education in the Secondary School has been revised and updated in light of the latest research evidence and practice in relation to teaching and learning, and changes in policy and practice within initial teacher education. Key topics covered include: - Starting out as a teacher - Planning and evaluation for effective learning and teaching - Communication in PE - Lesson organisation and management - Motivating pupils for learning in PENEW - Assessment for and of learning - Inclusive approaches to teaching PE - Learner-centred teaching and physical literacyNEW - Teaching safely and safety in PE - Accredited Qualifications in PE - Teacher beliefsNEW - Developing your own knowledge, skills and understanding NEW This core text guides you to become competent in basic teaching skills, enabling you to cope in a wide range of teaching situations. It emphasises the development of your own professional judgement, your ability to reflect critically on what you are doing, and on your beliefs about teaching PE.
Diary of a Wimpy Kid. The third wheel
The surprise attack of Jabba the Puppett : an origami Yoda book
Top. 7, Tests
Communicating change from leadership : a case study on Kulosaari secondary school
Top. 7, Teacher's file
Whatever : a novel
Sixteen-year-old, not-so-openly-gay Simon Spier is blackmailed into playing wingman for his classmate or else his sexual identity--and that of his pen pal--will be revealed / Library of Congress.
Language learning strategies and learning how to learn in the upper level of comprehensive school : a study of English language textbooks and teacher's guides
Students' attitudes towards target language use in finnish EFL classrooms
The development of syntactic complexity in the written English of Finnish 9th grade students
School engagement in three Senegalese secondary schools
English for everybody
Education on the Dalton Plan
Top. 9, Texts
Cut both ways
Organizing schools for productive learning
"Hearing English in the class inspires me to learn the language" : Students' and teachers' perception on target language use in Finnish EFL classrooms
Effects of BIS/BAS on achievement goal orientations
Cognition of Korean-English secondary school teachers about intercultural dimension in EFL teaching
Pragmatic competence of Finnish learners of English : meaning in interaction in secondary and upper secondary schools
Gendered classroom practices and teachers' attitudes towards gender in lower secondary school EFL classes
Education on the Dalton plan
Scaffolding science inquiry through lesson design
Finnish EFL learners' size and depth of receptive vocabulary knowledge
