http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21253 heavy equipment
heavy equipment
Home furnishing
D-day to Berlin : armour camouflage and markings of the United States, British and German Armies, June 1944 to May 1945
The pocket encyclopaedia of world railways. Steam railways of Britain in colour
Railroad : identity, design and culture
IHS Jane's world railways. 2012-2013
Early electric trains
Weapons of the modern marines
Fire fighting equipment and its use in ships
Marine survival and rescue systems
Finnish Railway Statistics
A history of fire engines
Flashing fire engines
Seapower : a guide for the twenty-first century
Legendary trains : the great locomotives of the world past and present
Arms and armour
Richard Scarry's trucks
Drones and unmanned aerial systems : legal and social implications for security and surveillance
Commercial aircraft : Markings & profiles
The Assyrian army. 1., The structure of the Neo-Assyrian army : as reconstructed from the Assyrian palace reliefs and cuneiform sources, 2. cavalry and chariotry
Execution of LSA in accordance with MIL-STD-1388-1A
Differences in taxation on heavy goods vehicles in Europe
The complete illustrated history of World War II : a concise authorative account of one of the deadliest conflicts in human history with analysis of decisive encounters and landmark engagements
Challenges in transportation process with special needs : case: Kuljetusliike Kalevi Huhtala Oy
This book tackles the regulatory issues of Unmanned Aerial Systems (UAS) or Remotely-Piloted Aerial Systems (RPAS), which have profound consequences for privacy, security and other fundamental liberties. Collectively known as "drones," they were initially deployed for military purposes: reconnaissance, surveillance and extrajudicial executions. Today, we are witnessing a growth of their use into the civilian and humanitarian domain. They are increasingly used for goals as diverse as news gathering, aerial inspection of oil refinery flare stacks, mapping of the Amazonian rain-forest, crop spraying and search and rescue operations. The civil use of drones is becoming a reality in the European Union and in the US.The drone revolution may be a new technological revolution. Proliferation of the next generation of "recreational" drones show how drones will be sold as any other consumer item. The cultural perception of the technology is shifting, as drones are increasingly being used for humanitarian activities, on one hand, but they can also firmly be situated in the prevailing modes of postmodern governance on the other hand. This work will be of interest to researchers in Criminology and Criminal Justice interested in issues related to surveillance, security, privacy, and technology. It will also provide a criminological background for related legal issues, such as privacy law, aviation law, international criminal law, and comparative law.
Tanks, Aircraft & armored vehicles : Learn to draw 23 favorite subjects, step by easy step, shape by simple shape!
Motion planning of a walking platform designed to locomote on natural terrain
The new Imperial War Museum
Reallocating local transport bus fleet for competitive tendering contracts : case: Koiviston Auto Corporation
The fire engine : an illustrated history
Firefighting equipment
Guide to locomotives of the world
Fire protection and fire drills on board ships
Evaluation of weapon systems
Mega book of weapons & warfare : discover the most amazing weapons and warfare on earth!
The illustrated history of fire engines
Fire! : the story of the fire engine
The independent filmmaker's law and business guide
Steam safari : last steam locomotives of the world
Big book of trains
Savunhallintajärjestelmät = Smoke and heat control systems
Terrific trains
The world encyclopedia of fire engines & firefighting : fire and rescue - an illustrated guide to fire trucks around the world, with 700 pictures of modern and historical appliances
This final thesis solves the challenges and problems of the transportation process with special needs. The experience is ammonium sulphate transportation process by Kuljetusliike Kalevi Huhtala Oy. The process needs modified transportation equipment. I approached this problem by my own experience of the process. I also interviewed Kalevi and Kati Huhtala. The ammonium sulphates special needs in transportation process can be seen from the safety data sheet.  All the results could not be seen in the beginning of the process. Some of the problems came up later, when the situation was optimal. The problems differ between transportation processes. It is important to find out the problems soon after the problem existence. The quicker the reaction for the problem is, smaller damages to the process are caused.
The familiar image of the British in the Second World War is that of the plucky underdog taking on German might. David Edgerton's bold, compelling new history shows the conflict in a new light, with Britain as a very wealthy country, formidable in arms, ruthless in pursuit of its interests, and in command of a global production system. Rather than belittled by a Nazi behemoth, Britain arguably had the world's most advanced mechanized forces. It had not only a great empire, but allies large and small. Edgerton shows that Britain fought on many fronts and its many home fronts kept it exceptionally well supplied with weapons, food and oil, allowing it to mobilize to an extraordinary extent. It created and deployed a vast empire of machines, from the humble tramp steamer to the battleship, from the rifle to the tank, made in colossal factories the world over. Scientists and engineers invented new weapons, encouraged by a government and prime minister enthusiastic about the latest technologies. The British, indeed Churchillian, vision of war and modernity was challenged by repeated defeat at the hands of less well-equipped enemies. Yet the end result was a vindication of this vision. Like the United States, a powerful Britain won a cheap victory, while others paid a great price. Putting resources, machines and experts at the heart of a global rather than merely imperial story, Britain's War Machine demolishes timeworn myths about wartime Britain and gives us a groundbreaking and often unsettling picture of a great power in action.
Weapons & warfare
British Rail Design
Fire fighters
Britain's war machine : weapons, resources, and experts in the Second World War
The illustrated Directory of tanks pf the world
Fire protection : systems and response
Jeep goes to war
Tiger's claw
Great Trains od the World
Richard Scarry's hop aboard! Here we go!
War stars : the superweapon and the American imagination
The world encyclopedia of locomotives : a complete guide to the world's most fabulous locomotives
Fire engines from around the world : an illustrated A-Z of contemporary and historical fire engine manufacturers, coach builders and special appliance makers, with 375 photographs
Jane's world railways. 1999-2000
Hi-tech trains : the ultimate in speed, power and style
Military Vehicles
The shadow world : inside the global arms trade
Fire Engine
An illustrated directory of military motorcycles : a country-by-country guide, featuring 160 machines with 320 photographs
The complete illustrated history of World War I : a concise authorative account of the course of the Great War, with analysis of decisive encounters and landmark engagements
Modern weapons and warfare : The technology of war from 1700 to the present day
A glossary of the construction, decoration and use of arms and armor in all countries and in all times : together with some closely related subjects
The illustrated encyclopedia of the world ́s steam passenger locomotives : a technical directory of major international express train engines from the 1820s to the present day
Tanks in the Winter War 1939-1940
Cost-efficiency of intermodal container supply chain for forest chips
Techvilla news
The worldwide history of warfare : the ultimate visual guide, from the Ancient world to the American Civil War
The expressmen
Helicopter operations at sea  : a guide for industry
See inside the Second World War
Secure energy for Europe : the Nord Stream Pipeline project 2005-2012
The worldwide history of warfare : The ultimate visual guide from the ancient world to the American Civil War
Firefighting : heroes of fire and rescue through history and around the world
Motion control of conventional and non-conventional railway wheelsets
Medieval warfare source book : Christian Europe and its neighbours
Britain's war machine : weapons, resources and experts in the second world war
Enhancing the development of military capabilities by a systems approach
Freight train graffiti
Wild about emergency vehicles
