http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21205 emergency situations
emergency situations
Baby & child emergency first aid : Simple step-by-step instructuions for the most common childhood emergencies
Global cases in best and worst practice in crisis and emergency management
Staying safe at school
Model course 1.29 : proficiency in crisis management and human behaviour training including passenger safety, cargo safety and hull integrity training
An introduction to emergency exercise design and evaluation
Emergencies in children's and young people's nursing
Tintinalli's emergency medicine : a comprehensive study guide
Emergency first aid made easy : a quick reference guide to emergency first aid procedures
Safety and security at Radisson SAS Royal : creation of booklet information for emergency situations
(Publisher-supplied data) How to use this book: When a medical emergency strikes, what you do can mean the difference between life and death. The American Medical Association Handbook of First Aid and Emergency Care, Revised Edition, gives you all the information you need--quickly, easily, clearly--so that you can make the difference. Key features include the most up-to-date emergency care information: the newest CPR positions and techniques to be used on infants, children, and adults; first-aid and lifesaving techniques you can practice so you're prepared when an emergency strikes; injuries, illnesses, and medical emergencies: an alphabetical listing to help you find the information you need quickly; easy-to-follow instructions and clear line drawings that walk you through each step; what happens in the emergency room; knowing when to call your doctor or the hospital and what information to have ready; sports injuries: treatment and recovery, especially for the amateur, school, or weekend athlete; a chart to be filled in for each family member to list medical information, such as allergies and immunizations, to have on hand for emergency situations; a comprehensive index, with complete listings by subject and symptom for fast reference
Emergency management exercises : from response to recovery, everything you need to know to design a great exercise
Disaster, conflict and society in crises : everyday politics of crisis response
The rescue princesses : the magic rings
Emergency preparedness for business professionals : how to mitigate and respond to attacks against your organization
Geriatric emergency medicine
Fisheries and aquaculture emergency response guidance
Advanced medical life support : a practical approach to adult medical emergencies
Head, eyes, ears, nose, and throat emergencies
School security : a physical security handbook for school security managers : desk reference to support new or updated security plans: five step process -- checklists -- updated best practices
"Written by veteran law enforcement and family counseling professionals, the second edition of this guidebook shows students and parents how to stay safe at school. The book pinpoints personal safety issues of importance to all educators and explains how to analyze schools for security risks. It also includes proven methods for averting crime, improving school safety, and avoiding becoming a victim. Additional chapters explore teachers liability and rights and discuss the concept of emotional survival"-- Provided by publisher.
Case studies in disaster response and emergency management
Industrial safety and environment
In this article, citizens' communication habits and use of information and communication technologies during crises and emergencies are discussed from the perspective of community resilience. The topic is approached qualitatively by exploring citizens' perceptions, and the data were gathered by means of focus groups in storm-prone and flood-prone areas in Finland. The results indicate that citizens consider emergency communication to be mostly unidirectional: from authorities to the public. However, because crises are often complex and fast developing, cooperation among response organizations and citizen groups is needed to coproduce safety and in adapting to changing situations. Organizations wanting citizens to participate proactively in emergency management should raise citizens' awareness of the means and possibilities to contribute, because these informants' expectation that authorities would welcome their input was low. Based on the results, public participation could be supported further by credible actors, such as local volunteer organizations.
Preparedness and response for catastrophic disasters
Campus emergency preparedness : meeting ICS and NIMS compliance
Interventions in infectious disease emergencies
Basic life support provider : pediatric education for prehospital professionals
The rescue princesses : the secret promise
Breakers of the century : flash flooding in January 2005 in the Gulf of Finland
Disaster communications in a changing media world
Handbook of loss prevention and crime prevention
Managing critical incidents and large-scale event security
Hazards analysis : reducing the impact of disasters
Emergency first aid
Security supervision and management : the theory and practice of asset protection
The SAS combat handbook
The War powers resolution : relevant documents, correspondence, reports
Bomb threat : a guide to bomb threat awareness for organizations
The food crisis in Africa : a comparative structural analysis
Our research explored the use of social media among crisis and emergency management organizations and we present the main incentives and barriers experts perceive in social media adoption by such organizations. The data were gathered via an international online questionnaire sent to crisis communication and management experts. The results indicate that crisis and emergency management organizations use social media specifically to disseminate information to citizens but also increasingly to receive it from citizens. They are motivated to use social media because of the possibility for communicating through them directly, rapidly, and widely, as well as for building responsible relationships and situational awareness. Lack of knowledge, time, and role models for implementation, as well as inflexible and old-fashioned organizational culture, were the main barriers mentioned for not utilizing social media. Based on the results, further effort should be put into promoting the dissemination of knowledge, best practices, and experiences of using social media across the various actors and organizations providing crisis response.
Introduction to emergency management
Baby & child emergency first aid : simple step-by-step instructions for the most common childhood emergencies
Novel EEG electrode set for emergency use
Expert views on current and future use of social media among crisis and emergency management organizations : Incentives and barriers
Calculating catastrophe
Crisis management in acute care settings : human factors, team psychology, and patient safety in a high stakes environment
High-rise security and fire life safety
Emergency management and social intelligence : a comprehensive all-hazards approach
Fire in port : the ship/shore interface
Risk management for meetings and events
Advanced medical life support : an assessment-based approach
Hazard mitigation in emergency management
Psychiatric manifestations of neurotoxins
Geriatric mental health disaster and emergency preparedness
ECG cases for EMS
"This book presents a comprehensive overview of crisis management in China. It considers economic, political and military crises, and also natural disasters and public health problems. In each area it considers the nature of potential crises and their possible effects, and the degree to which China is prepared to cope with crises."--Publisher's description.
Cities and disasters
Business continuity and homeland security : the theory and practice
Geospatial information technology for emergency response
This is a project based thesis. The author is creating a Booklet for Emergency Situations at Radisson SAS Royal Hotel in Helsinki. The thesis is in two parts: a report that will analyze Safety and Security matters from a theoretical point of view and then from the practical point of view of the Hotel. The second part is a short booklet with instructions for the reception workers in case of emergency situations.     The author realized that, in the hotel there were plenty of information and standards regarding Safety and Security, but not in the same place. Mostly because the Hotel is influenced by two realities: Sokotel and Radisson. Skotel instructions regard mostly practical situations, while Radisson instructions regard mainly general standards. The author has been collecting all those information and put them together.     The aim of the report is to give a better understanding of Safety and Security in hotel business  in a general point of view and more specifically the aim of the booklet is to give practical instructions to the worker in case of emergency situations.
Good emergency management practice : the essentials: a guide to preparing for animal health emergencies
Port security management
Extreme weather : a guide to surviving flash floods, tornadoes, hurricanes, heat waves, snowstorms, tsunamis, and other natural disasters
Pediatric emergency medicine
Emergencies in mental health nursing
Pediatric acute care : a guide for interprofessional practice
Development and validation of FDS+Evac for evacuation simulations : project summary report
A colour handbook of small animal emergency and critical care medicine
Citizens' communication habits and use of ICTs during crises and emergencies
Small animal emergency and critical care for veterinary technicians
Early warning and civil protection : when does it work and why does it fail?
Veterinary emergency and critical care procedures
Disasters 2.0 : the application of social media systems for modern emergency management
Safeguarding cultural properties : security for museums, libraries, parks, and zoos
China's crisis management
Onboard pollution response : be your best, prepare for the worst
Quick reference to triage
Working with disaster
Security and loss prevention : an introduction
Introduction to international disaster management
Active shooter : events and response
Prehospital emergency care : official journal of the National Association of EMS Physicians and the National Association of State EMS Directors
International trauma life support for emergency care providers
Agricultural hand tools in emergencies : guidelines for technical and field officers
Nursing medical emergency patients
Nancy Caroline's emergency care in the streets
Managing emergencies and crises
Disaster & recovery planning : a guide for facility managers
Warduff : and the corncob caper
The secret promise
Outdoor first aid : a practical manual : essential knowledge for outdoor enthusiasts
Climate change emergencies and European municipalities : guidelines for adaptation and response
The rescue princesses : the rainbow opal
Medical First Aid looks at fractures, sprains and dislocations. Most bone and muscle injuries are not life threatening, but multiple fractures and spinal injuries can be. This programme looks carefully at how to treat such injuries, as any mistakes could be fatal. Eye injuries, medical conditions and poisoning are also featured.
Emergency care / Daniel Limmer, Michael F. O'Keefe ; medical editor: Edward T. Dickinson ; legacy authors: Harvey D. Grant, Robert H. Murray, Jr., J. David Bergeron
Contemporary security management
Managing crises : responses to large-scale emergencies
The comprehensive handbook of school safety
Textbook on First Aid and Emergency Nursing
Developing a crisis communication scorecard : outcomes of an international research project 2008-2011 (Ref.)
First aid series. Part 2, Medical first aid
Social media, crisis communication, and emergency management : leveraging Web 2.0 technologies
Protection of assets : crisis management
Pedestrian behavior in evacuations : simulation models and experiments
"Sea and freshwater ports are a key component of U.S. critical infrastructure and are vital to maintaining the global and domestic economy. The September 11th attacks in the U.S. marked a paradigm shift in the security of transportation systems including the port and shipping industries. This has led to an increased emphasis on port security. This fully updated second edition covers the latest on continuously changing legislation regarding federal mandates, credentializing employees, securing vessels, and cargo security. The book focuses on best practices, providing real-world solutions to law enforcement authorities and security management professionals"--Provided by publisher.
American Medical Association handbook of first aid and emergency care
Triage nursing secrets
Emergencies in public law : the legal politics of containment
This is NOT a fire drill : crisis intervention and prevention on college campuses
Shigeru Ban : humanitarian architecture
