http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21271 border districts
border districts
The DMZ : dividing the two Koreas
Mediterranean frontiers : borders, conflict and memory in a transnational era
The Persian Gulf in history
Northern border regions on focus
The question of Western Hungary/Burgenland, 1918-1923 : a territorial question in the context of national and international policy
The borders of inequality : where wealth and poverty collide
The collaborator
Space, borders, maps
Engineering Earth : the impacts of megaengineering projects, Vol. 3
Sworn sword
Far from creating a borderless world, contemporary globalization has generated a proliferation of borders. In Border as Method, Sandro Mezzadra and Brett Neilson chart this proliferation, investigating its implications for migratory movements, capitalist transformations, and political life. They explore the atmospheric violence that surrounds borderlands and border struggles across various geographical scales, illustrating their theoretical arguments with illuminating case studies drawn from Europe, Asia, the Pacific, the Americas, and elsewhere. Mezzadra and Neilson approach the border not only as a research object but also as an epistemic framework. Their use of the border as method enables new perspectives on the crisis and transformations of the nation-state, as well as powerful reassessments of political concepts such as citizenship and sovereignty.
The splintered kingdom
As borders bend : transnational spaces on the Pacific rim
Thailand-Burma border : history and current issues
Reproduction of labor potential in the Republic of Karelia (Russia)
Cross-border structures and co-operation on the Finnish-Russian and German-Czech borders : a comparative perspective
Victim without a face
Transborder governance of forests, rivers, and seas
Studies of opportunities for developing Russian-Finnish transborder clusters : master students' scientific papers
National borders and economic disintegration in modern East Central Europe
The U.S.-Mexican border environment : a road map to a sustainable 2020
Territorial issues in Europe and East Asia : colonialism, war occupation, and conflict resolution
Cities, borders, and spaces in intercultural American literature and film
Making bridges, removing barriers : cross-border cooperation, regionalization and identity at the Finnish-Swedish border
External border management as an instrument of migration control
De-bordering, re-bordering and symbols on the European boundaries
Emperor far away : travels at the edge of China
Unspeakable violence : remapping U.S.. and Mexican national imaginaries
The Fluid Borders of Europe
United States-Mexico border statistics since 1900
Perspectives on Cormac McCarthy
Keeping the door ajar : local border traffic regimes on the EU’s eastern borders
The borderless North : proceedings of the Fourth Northern Research Forum
Bordering and ordering the twenty-first century : understanding borders
Ideologies of Eastness in Central and Eastern Europe
Cross-border entrepreneurship and economic development in Europe's border regions
Fifty years of change on the U.S.-Mexico border : growth, development, and quality of life
Revisiting good fences and neighbours in a postmodern world after twenty years : theoretical reflections on the state of contemporary border studies
Desiring the 'other' : prostitution clients on a transnational red-light district in the border area of Finland, estonia and Russia
Theory of the Border offers a new and unique theoretical framework for understanding one of the most central social phenomena of our time: borders. Applying his original movement-oriented theoretical framework, Thomas Nail pioneers a new methodology of ""critical limology,"" that provides fresh tools for the analysis of contemporary border politics.
Shatterzone of empires : coexistence and violence in the German, Habsburg, Russian, and Ottoman borderlands
State border reflection by border region population of V4 states
Even the dogs
Old and new borderlines/frontiers/margins : East-Central European Regional Seminar, Gyula, 9-12 October, 2008
Contested places
Border as method, or, the multiplication of labor
Landscape modelling : geographical space, transformation and future scenarios
A companion to border studies
Working across the East-North divide : experiences from a research project on European fringe areas
The Great Wall of China : from history to myth
Knights of the hawk
The Mediterranean : international region and deadly border
Environmental monitoring programme for aquatic ecosystems in the Norwegian, Finnish and Russian border area : updated implementation guidelines
Cross-border resource management
The three U.S.-Mexico border wars : drugs, immigration, and Homeland Security
Border minorities of Lithuania (1918-1939) : a case of the German community
Offering lessons for the study of enclaves, lines of control, restricted areas, gray spaces, and other geographic anomalies, Sensitive Space develops frameworks for understanding the persistent confusions of land, community, and belonging in border zones. It further provides ways to think past the categories of sovereignty and identity to reimagine territory in South Asia and beyond.
Journey to Britannia : from the heart of Rome to Hadrian's Wall, AD 130
Crossing borders, reinforcing borders : social categories, metaphors, and narrative identities on the U.S.-Mexico frontier
Forensic architecture : notes from fields and forums = Forensische Architektur : Notizen von Feldern und Foren
The Polish-German borderlands : an annotated bibliography
Sensitive space: fragmented territory at the India-Bangladesh border
Zones of fracture in modern Europe : the Baltic countries, the Balkans, and northern Italy = Zone di frattura in epoca moderna : Il Baltico, i Balcani e l'Italia settentrionale
The razor's edge : international boundaries and political geography : essays in honour of professor Gerald Blake
Global encounters, European identities
This article deals with the Finnish-Russian border in light of the European external border control policy and its impact on immigration. The 1985 Schengen agreement removed internal European border controls and external border protection became a major concern of the European Union (EU) and heads of states. The European discourse towards immigration changed during the last decade and patterns show tighter external borders. This research follows the Copenhagen school of security and scrutinises the Finnish external border approach under the aspect of immigration. It analyses the socio-economic importance of the Finnish-Russian border in comparison to the European trend that decreases the penetrability of external borders. The study results show that the Finnish policy approach focuses on regional development in order to achieve economic balance in the border regions. This approach is supposed to increase security by economic rather than by traditional border control strategies..
Changing borders and identities in the Kelabit Highlands : anthropological reflections on growing up in a Kelabit village near the international border
Limes XIX : proceedings of the XIXth International Congress of Roman Frontier Studies held in Pécs, Hungary, September 2003
Bordering early modern Europe
State of the terrestrial environment in the joint Finnish, Norwegian and Russian border area on the basis of bioindicators : final technical report of the Pasvik Environment Monitoring Programme
Colonial frontiers : indigenous-European encounters in settler societies
Conflict and cooperation in divided cities
European border regions in comparison : overcoming nationalistic aspects or re-nationalization?
Borders : a very short introduction
Borderlands in world history, 1700-1914
The patterns of consumption in visa-free zones at Russia's western borders
Warrior of Rome. Part II : King of kings
"China and Russia are rising economic and political powers that share thousands of miles of border. Yet, despite their proximity, their practical, local interactions with each other -- and with their third neighbour Mongolia -- are rarely discussed. The three countries share a boundary, but their traditions, languages and worldviews are remarkably different. Frontier Encounters presents a wide range of views on how the borders between these unique countries are enacted, produced, and crossed. It sheds light on global uncertainties: China's search for energy resources and the employment of its huge population, Russia's fear of Chinese migration, and the precarious economic independence of Mongolia as its neighbours negotiate to extract its plentiful resources. Bringing together anthropologists, sociologists and economists, this timely collection of essays offers new perspectives on an area that is currently of enormous economic, strategic and geo-political relevance. This collective volume is the outcome of a network project funded by the ESRC (RES-075-25_0022) entitled 'Where Empires Meet: The Border Economies of Russia, China and Mongolia'. The project, based at the Mongolia and Inner Asia Studies Unit (University of Cambridge), ran from 28 January 2010 to 27 January 2011."--Provided by publisher.
What makes borders real : in the Namibia-Zambia and Uganda-South Sudan borderlands
Theory of the border
Regions, borders and identity in a relational and territorial world
Spaces and identities in border regions : politics - media - subjects
Frontiers, regions and identities in Europe
The Sichuan frontier and Tibet : imperial strategy in the early Qing
The bombs that brought us together
The South China Sea : the struggle for power in Asia
Cross-border governance in Asia : regional issues and mechanisms
Interreg II : Barents region 1995-1999
Aggression against Ukraine : territory, responsibility, and international law
Estonian border region policy between the World Wars
European states at their borderlands : cultures of support and subversion in border regions
Markets in developing countries : parallel, fragmented, and black
Migration, intercultural identities and border regions (19th and 20th centuries) = Migration, identités interculturelles et espaces frontaliers (xixe et xxe siécles)
Trans-Americanity : subaltern modernities, global coloniality, and the cultures of greater Mexico
Aspects of multilingualism in European border regions : insights and views from Alsace, Eastern Macedonia and Thrace, the Lublin Voivodeship and South Tyrol
International environmental law .. 1-2 Vol
This innovative book examines the complexities of de-bordering and re-bordering through a systematic comparison of seven transborder sub regions along the western Pacific Rim and an extended analysis of the US-Mexican border and several European border regions.
Reconfiguring Chinese nationalism : how the Qing frontier and its indigenes became Chinese
Suffering and salvation in Ciudad Juárez
Cross-Border Cooperation and interaction between Southeast Finland and its Neighbouring Region of Leningrad Oblast' and St. Petersburg
Making new partnership : a rising China and its neighbors
Balkan border crossings : second annual of the Konitsa Summer School
Strong borders, secure nation : cooperation and conflict in China's territorial disputes
Boundaries and African integration : essays in comparative history and policy analysis
Europe : discourses from the frontier
Globalization on the line : culture, capital, and citizenship at U.S. borders
Northeast Asian borders : history, politics, and local societies
Transnational encounters : music and performance at the U.S.-Mexico border
Climate change and migration : security and borders in a warming world
The geopolitics of Europe's identity : centers, boundaries and margins
The article examines the reproduction of labor potential in the Republic of Karelia. Particular attention in the research is given to the effects of the main types of social and labor mobility (territorial, educational, professional and medical). The article stems from theoretical explorations of this subject by Russian researchers and the results of an economic and sociological survey of the working-age population of the Karelia region. It was conducted with the participation of the author in 2012 in the three municipalities of the Republic of Karelia. The research surveyed 450 respondents. The survey and statistical analysis of demographic data helped to establish the information base, which allowed performing a quantitative and qualitative assessment of the reproduction of labor potential while evaluating the impact of social and labor mobility..
Tearing down the curtain, opening the gates : Northern boundaries in change
Partitioned lives : the Irish borderlands
Management of tourism and recreation possibilities for the sustainable development of the north-western border region in Russia
Frontier and border regions in early modern Europe
Balkan border crossings : first annual of the Konitsa summer school
Border changes in 20th century Europe : selected case studies
"Borders exist in almost every sphere of life. Initially, borders were established in connection with kingdoms, regions, towns, villages and cities. With nation building, they became important as a line separating two national states with different "national characteristics, " narratives and myths. The term "border" has a negative connotation for being a separating line, a warning signal not to cross a line between the allowed and the forbidden. The awareness of both mental and factual borders in manifold spheres of our life has made them a topic of consideration in almost all scholarly disciplines: history, geography, political science and many others. This book primarily incorporates an interdisciplinary and comparative approach. Historians, sociologists, anthropologists and political science scholars from a diverse range of European universities analyze historical as well as contemporary perceptions and perspectives concerning border regions -- inside the EU, between EU and non-EU European countries, and between European and non-European countries"--
Pasvik Water Quality until 2013 : Environmental Monitoring Programme in the Norwegian, Finnish and Russian Border Area
Borderlands and frontiers in Africa
Dead if I don't
Abstract.
Border games : policing the U.S.-Mexico divide
Old cultures, new institutions : around the new eastern border of the European Union
Finlândiâ i Rossiâ : obrazy obŝego prošlogo : sbornik naučnyh statej = Finland and Russia : images of the shared past
Current state of terrestrial ecosystems in the joint Norwegian, Russian and Finnish border area in Northern Fennoscandia
Frontier encounters : knowledge and practice at the Russian, Chinese and Mongolian border
Between frontiers : nation and identity in a Southeast Asian borderland
Where the world ended : re-unification and identity in the German borderland
Cross-border movements of people
Thailand-Burma Border : history and current issues
China's policies on its borderlands and the international implications
Shared natural resources and international law
Where in the world is the Philippines? : debating its national territory
Narratives of the European border : a history of nowhere
Borders of the mind : perceptions of the border and the other side in the San Diego-Tijuana region
The Slovak-Polish border, 1918-1947
Spatial and regional development in Northern Europe
Two gruesome murders have shocked the Swedish town of Helsingborg. The first victim, a thug who liked using his fists, died with his hands sawn off. His sidekick, a fan of steel-capped boots, was crushed to death feet-first. Both men were bullies in the same class at school. Is someone serving justice after thirty years? The killer leaves no trace behind. But for lead investigator Fabian Risk, the lack of forensic evidence is not the only problem. He too was a student in that class--which makes him both a potential victim and a potential suspect... Full of unremitting suspense and unexpected twists, Stefan Ahnhem's Victim Without a Face is a sensational thriller from a superb debut storyteller. -
Imagined, negotiated, remembered : constructing European borders and borderlands
Receptive multilingualism as a language mode in the Dutch-German border area
Controlling borderlands? : new perspectives on state peripheries in southern Central Asia and northern Afghanistan
NGP yearbook 2014 : East meets North
Topological imagination, digital determinism and the mobile border paradigm
Spatial variation of climate and the impact of disturbances on local climate and forest recovery in northern Finland
Transboundary environmental interference and the origin of state liability
Immigration policy and security : U.S., European and common wealth perspectives
The Emperor far away : travels at the edge of China
Provides broad coverage of approximately 80 current international border disputes and conflicts. Each volume begins with an introduction to the type of dispute to be discussed, identifying the conflict as territorial, positional, or functional.
Religion and the conceptual boundary in Central and Eastern Europe : encounters of faiths
Cross-border Cooperation in Barents Tourism: Insights from Finnish Lapland
Borderwork : a visual journey through periphery frontier regions
