http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21383 school shootings
school shootings
Ceremonial violence : understanding columbine and other school rampage shootings
Prevention of school shootings
School shootings scare everyone, even those not immediately affected. They make national and international news. They make parents afraid to send their children off to school. But they also lead to generalizations about those who perpetrate them. Most assumptions about the perpetrators are wrong, and many of the warning signs are missed until it's too late. Here, Peter Langman takes a look at 48 national and international cases of school shootings in order to dispel the myths, explore the motives, and expose the many factors that drive people to rampage attacks. Finally, he addresses violence prevention and the importance of identifying at-risk individuals before it is too late.
Books, blackboards, and bullets : school shootings and violence in America
Does social solidarity protect us from a heightened fear of risk?
The survivor
Preventing lethal school violence
School shootings and local communities : an international comparison between the United States and Finland
Dear Charlie
Journalism and school shootings in Finland 2007-2008
Rampage : the social roots of school shootings
Forensic psychiatry
The risk of school rampage : assessing and preventing threats of school violence
School shootings : mediatized violence in a global age
"School shootings have raised considerable interest among scholars as a global (media) cultural phenomenon and have increased specifically in the 1990s developing into a seeming cultural epidemic. This book contributes to the current academic discussion on school shootings by analysing this phenomenon in a broader context of mediatization in contemporary social and cultural life. Mediatized logic has the power to influence us as individuals communicating about the shootings and experiencing the shootings as victimizers, victims, witnesses or bystanders. In three sections, this book explores shootings from different, yet interconnected, perspectives: a theoretical focus on media and school shootings within various sociological and cultural dimensions, specifically how contemporary media transform school shootings into mediatized violence; a focus on the practices of mediatization, with emphasis on mediated coverage of school shootings and its political, cultural, social and ethical implications; and an examination of the audiences, victims and witnesses of school shootings as well as organizations which try to manage these public crimes of significant media interest." --Publisher's description.
School shootings and student performance
School rampage shootings and other youth disturbances : early preventative interventions
Let go and remember : how Finnish communities experienced and memorialized school shootings
Posttraumatic stress symptoms among school personnel after the Jokela school shooting : a longitudinal study of exposure, interventions, and symptom changes
Jokela School shooting on 7 November 2007 : report of the investigation commission
Too high a price for harmony : a perspective on school shootings
Trauma recovery after a school shooting : the role of theory-based psychosocial care and attachment in facilitating recovery
Teachers in schools where students have experienced trauma face particularly difficult challenges, for how is a teacher to promote academic growth and attainment of educational goals in such a situation? Provides advice, understanding, and proven strategies for meeting the challenges that must be faced after a traumatic experience.
Suicidal mass murderers : a criminological study of why they kill
Columbine : a true crime story : a victim, the killers and the nation's search for answers
September 11. . . Virginia Tech . . . Columbine . . . Hurricane Katrina . . . Traumatic events with long lasting consequences. Lives are upended, safety is threatened, and all are forced to find a way to adapt to a new normal. Educators in schools where students have experienced trauma face difficult challenges, for how are they to promote academic growth and attainment of educational goals in such a situation? Reclaiming School in the Aftermath of Trauma offers wisdom born of experience as well as insights acquired through years of study. Authors contributing to this text share their experiences in the aftermath of tragedy and describe helpful approaches for reclaiming school after trauma interrupts the lives of students, faculty, and school communities.
Terror post 9/11 and the media
School shootings : international research, case studies, and concepts for prevention
Minutes after the principal of Opportunity High School in Alabama finishes her speech welcoming the student body to a new semester, they discover that the auditorium doors will not open and someone starts shooting as four teens, each with a personal reason to fear the shooter, tell the tale from separate perspectives.
Rethinking school violence : theory, gender, context
Reclaiming school in the aftermath of trauma : advice based on experience
Applications of treatment effects models and semiparametric estimation
Why kids kill : inside the minds of school shooters
Control of violence : historical and international perspectives on violence in modern societies
School violence : fears versus facts
This is where it ends
School shootings : what every parent and educator needs to know to protect our children
School shooters : understanding high school, college, and adult perpetrators
We need to talk about Kevin
A question of blood
The competition
Columbine
Kauhajoki school shooting on 23 September 2008 : report on the Investigation Commission
That neither nature nor nurture bears exclusive responsibility for a child's character is self-evident. But such generalizations provide cold comfort when it's your own son who's just opened fire on his fellow students and whose class photograph--with its unseemly grin--is blown up on the national news. The question of who's to blame for teenage atrocity tortures our narrator, Eva Khatchadourian. Two years ago, her son, Kevin, murdered seven of his fellow high-school students, a cafeteria worker, and a popular algebra teacher. Because he was only fifteen at the time of the killings, he received a lenient sentence and is now in a prison for young offenders in upstate New York. Telling the story of Kevin's upbringing, Eva addresses herself to her estranged husband through a series of letters. Fearing that her own shortcomings may have shaped what her son has become, she confesses to a deep, long-standing ambivalence about both motherhood in general and Kevin in particular. How much is her fault? We Need to Talk About Kevin offers no pat explanations for why so many white, well-to-do adolescents--whether in Pearl, Paducah, Springfield, or Littleton--have gone nihilistically off the rails while growing up in suburban comfort. Instead, Lionel Shriver tells a compelling, absorbing, and resonant story while framing these horrifying tableaux of teenage carnage as metaphors for the larger tragedy--the tragedy of a country where everything works, nobody starves, and anything can be bought but a sense of purpose.
School crisis prevention and intervention
School shootings
Guys and guns amok : domestic terrorism and school shootings from the Oklahoma City bombing to the Virginia Tech massacre
Effects of media exposure on posttraumatic reactions
Imagining globalised fears : school shooting videos and circulation of violence on YouTube
Ceremonial violence : a psychological explanation of school shootings
A mother's reckoning : living in the aftermath of the Columbine tragedy
Social solidarity and fear of crime : community and individual approaches in responses to mass violence after school shootings
Surviving a School Shooting : A Plan of Action for Parents, Teachers, and Students
