http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21366 vases
vases
GLASS OF THE '50S & '60S : A COLLECTOR'S GUIDE
The amazons : representatives of male or female violence?
Fast, fun & easy fabric vases : 6 sensational shapes--unlimited possibilities
Proceedings of the International Conference on Quality Management in Supply Chains of Ornamentals : QMSCO2012 : Bangkok, Thailand February 21-24, 2012
Creating fantastic vases : 50 fun & fabulous ideas & projects
Athenian vase construction : a potter's analysis
Pots to knit & crochet
Wawing not drowning : [The Finnish Institute, London 13 September - 14 December 1994] / [text by Roger Connah ; The museum of applied arts, The Finnish Institute, Hackman - Iittala]
The transport amphorae from Euesperides : the maritime trade of a Cyrenaican city 400-250 BC
The complete guide to painting porcelain & ceramic
Images of ancient Greek pederasty : boys were their gods
What goes on among the women? : the setting of some Attic vase paintings of the fifth century B. C.
Alvar Aalto : objects and furniture design
Amphoras and the ancient wine trade
The Aalto vase
Woodturning projects : a workshop guide to shapes
Classic forms : a source book for architects, designers, turners, and craftspeople
Design classics 1880-1930
Yield, quality and vase life of cut roses in year-round greenhouse production
China : dawn of a golden age, 200-750 AD
Silver thiosulfate prolongs vase life and improves quality of cult gladiolus and rose flowers
Corpus vasorum antiquorum. Fasc. 1, Finland
500 cups : ceramic explorations of utility & grace
How to arrange flowers : a japanese approach to english design
A magnificent and important pair of monumental imperial porcelain vases : Monday 28 November 2011, London = Velikolepnaâ i značimaâ para veličestvennyh farforovnyh vaz
Influence of pulse chemical treatments on water relation in cut gerbera (Gerbera jamesonii cv. Pags) flowers
Column, vase, obelisk / Dalibor Vesely, John Onians, Joseph Rykwert, Anthony Vidler ; Tomás Vlcek (editor)
Genucilia plates : common agalmata or depictions of the myth of Persephone
500 bowls : contemporary explorations of a timeless design
The departure of Alkmaion : a 'new' interpretation of the mythic scene on the black-figure amphora in the National Museum of Copenhagen
Louis Comfort Tiffany
Antonio Recalcati : terra-cotta / edited by Volker Feierabend ; with essays by Christoph Brockhaus ... [et al.] ; engl. translation by Robbi Brockhaus
How to make cut flowers last
The Art of Tiffany
The effect of 24 h pulse chemical treatments on the vase life and quality of cut gerbera (Gerbera jamesonii cv. Pags) flowers was studied in a completed randomized experiment. Cut flowers were kept in vases containing solutions of 8-hydroxyquinoline sulfate (8-HQS), aluminium sulfate, citric acid, calcium chloride, silver nitrate and distilled water (control). Thirty mg l⁻¹ of sucrose was used for all treatments. Vase life was significantly (P<0.05) extended from 12.0 days (control) to 24.5 days by using combination of aluminium sulfate at 300 ppm and sucrose. Fresh weight (FW) and relative water content (RWC) data indicated that chemical treatments acted primarily by improving water uptake and consequently extending vase life, which suggests that the vase life, scape bending and wilting are all related to the water status of flower. The curvature of the stem in the end of vase life was associated with the folding and wilting of the stem in the vase.
500 vases : contemporary explorations of a timeless form
The international design yearbook 2002
A goddess mounting a chariot on black-figured lekythoi
