http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21399 Bacillus subtilis
Bacillus subtilis
Genetics of the protein secretion machinery of Bacillus subtilis with characterization of a novel component, PrsA lipoprotein
PrsA lipoprotein and posttranslocational folding of secretory proteins in Bacillus subtilis
Bacillus subtilis and its closest relatives : from genes to cells
The antibacterial effect of aqueous extracts at a concentration of 1.0 (v/v) and 5.0% (w/w) of oregano, marjoram, sage and liquorice, widely used as soft drinks and food flavours, were evaluated against Escherichia coli and Bacillus subtilis under in vitro conditions in tryptone soya yeast extract broth at 35 degrees C and in milk and labneh, respectively. All tested aqueous extracts demonstrated an inhibitory effect against both organisms. Oregano, marjoram, sage and liquorice extracts exhibited a higher antibacterial activity against B. subtilis compared to E. coli. Further, oregano extract had the highest antibacterial activity against the tested bacteria compared to marjoram, liquorice and sage extracts. GS-MS analysis detected a wide range of organic and volatile compounds in herbal extracts. The inhibitory effect of some substances on the growth behaviour of bacteria was also discussed.
Screening of Bacillus subtilis laccase exspression library for improved activity in Escherichia coli
Heterologous vaccine proteins produced in Bacillus subtilis : chemical and biological assessment of host-derived impurities
Ecs, an ABC transporter of Bacillus subtilis : a dual signal transduction functions affecting expression of secreted proteins as well as their secretion
Induction of immunity against experimental Chlamydia pneumoniae infection
Cereulide producing Bacillus cereus and amylosin producing Bacillus subtilis and Bacillus mojavensis : characterization of strains and toxigenicities
Stress responses of Gram-positive bacteria to cationic antimicrobial peptides
Summary.
Pentitol phosphate dehydrogenases : discovery, characterization and use in D-arabitol and xylitol production by metabolically engineered Bacillus subtilis
Effect of Bacillus subtilis on phosphorus uptake by cucumber as affected by iron oxides and the solubility of the phosphorus source
Heterologous protein secretion in Lactococcus lactis is enhanced by the Bacillus subtilis chaperone-like protein PrsA
Bacillus subtilis and B. mojavensis strains connected to food poisoning produce the heat stable toxin amylosin
Chemical and anti-bacterial characterization of aqueous extracts of oregano, marjoram, sage and licorice and their application in milk and labneh
Expression of viral membrane protein genes in bacillus subtilis
Heterologous vaccine proteins produced in Basillus subtilis : chemical and biological assessment of host-derived impurities
One bond - many enzymes: functional studies of three enzymes hydrolyzing the phosphoanhydride bond
Refolded class 1 outer membrane protein of Neisseria meningitidis produced in Bacillus subtilis : an exterimental vaccine against group B meningococci
Metabolism of glycerol and glycerophosphatides in Bacillus subtilis
Effects of AMF- and PGPR-root inoculation and a foliar chitosan spray in single and combined treatments on powdery mildew disease in strawberry
Expression of viral membrane protein genes in Bacillus subtilis
Membrane-bound thiol-disulfide oxidoreductases in Bacillus subtilis
Construction of a Bacillus secretion vector
A novel treatment modality, targeted recombinant β-lactamase (TRBL) in prevention of ampicillin induced changes on canine fecal micro flora
This thesis concerns a laccase enzyme. The laccase encoding gene had been isolated from the Bacillus subtilis bacterium and mutated by error-prone PCR. The gene variants had also been combined with plasmids. The aim was to find a variant that would produce the most active laccase protein compared with the wild type. To find the best mutants, a DNA library was created and screened. The screening procedure was also optimized during the project.  The principle of the screening was that ABTS, which forms a green product when oxidized, was added to protein samples taken from the variants and the absorbances of the samples were measured. The colour was therefore dependent on the ability of the laccase to oxidize ABTS. The mutant proteins were compared with each other and with the protein produced by the wild type gene. Several promising mutants were found and forwarded to sequencing. Also the screening protocol was optimized.
The Bacillus subtilis GlpP protein, antitermination and mRNA stability
De novo purine nucleotide biosynthesis in gram-positive bacteria : regulation on Bacillus subtilis purA encoding adenylosuccinate synthetase
Protein transport in Bacillus subtilis
Functional analysis of the yabE and yocH genes of Bacillus subtilis
Trials were carried out using, as a root inoculants, mixed Glomus spp. (G. mossae, G. caledonium, and G. fasiculatum) and Bacillus subtilis FZB24, and the plant activator N, O-carboxymethyl chitosan applied as a foliar spray. The treatments were applied singly and in combinations, on strawberry plants grown out of season in a greenhouse.  Both fruit yield and runner production were reduced due to disease.  Several of the treatments were found to have significant effects, increasing fruit number and yield, and runner production.  Disease symptom severity was lowest in the B. subtilis FZB24 plus chitosan treatment. The treatments giving significantly higher fruit yield/number and runner production werea inoculation with B. subtilis FZB24, and with B. subtilis FZB24 or AMF combined with chitosan spray. These treatments and a fungicide treatment, gave the same level of disease control.
In this work, we examined the effects of Bacillus subtilis strain QST713 by assessing plant P uptake from variably P compound .The experiment performed involved three factors: (i) P source [KH2PO4 at 100 mg kg-1, and phosphate rock (PR) at 100 or 200 mg kg-1]; (ii) plant inoculation with QST713 (inoculated and non-inoculated); and (iii) Fe oxide (ferrihydrite) in the growth medium (0 or 300 mg kg-1 concentration of citrate-ascorbate-extractable Fe). Ferrihydrite decreased dry matter yield in plants by more than 50 %. Inoculation with QST713 increased plant growth, and total accumulation of P and P uptake in plants. Overall, QST713 increased P uptake by 40 %, the effect being independent of the presence of ferrihydrite and P source. The increased P uptake observed can be ascribed to increased solubilization of P and to increased root growth.. Therefore, QST713 improves P nutrition in plants grown on media with a high P adsorption capacity irrespective of the solubility of the P compound.
