http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21379 insurance coverage
insurance coverage
English summary: Social protection in Finland and the role of the Social Insurance Institution (Kela).
Unemployment insurance savings accounts : an overview
Social insurance in Finland
Risk, uncertainty and government
Dynamics of deprivation
Handbook of insurance
Introduction to risk management and insurance
Do bank and insurance companies emphasise personnel security more than other business?
Summary: The development of social expenditure in the long term.
Problems of social security and development in a developing country : a study of the indigenous systems and the colonial influence on the conventional schemes in Nigeria
Health care financing through micro insurance in Cameroon : a prelude to Universalism
A search theoretical analysis of the finnish unemployment insurance system
Protection of the insured
Kansaneläkelaitoksen tilastollinen vuosikirja 1997 = Folkpensionsanstaltens statistika årsbok 1997 = Statistical yearbook of the Social Insurance Institution 1997.
A risk management approach to business continuity : aligning business continuity with corporate governance
Kansaneläkelaitoksen tilastollinen vuosikirja 2004 = Folkpensionsanstaltens statistika årsbok 2004 = Statistical yearbook of the Social Insurance Institution 2004.
Insurance and behavioral economics : improving decisions in the most misunderstood industry
The effect of unemployment benefits on re-employment rates : evidence from the Finnish UI-benefit reform
Social security in Lithuania: a review
Unemployment accounts : a Finnish application
Insuring security : biopolitics, security, and risk
National social insurance - not the whole picture : supplementary compensation in case of loss of income
Kelan tilastollinen vuosikirja 2013 = FPA:s statistiska årsbok 2013 = Statistical yearbook of the Social Insurance Institution 2013.
The complete film production handbook
The economics of unemployment insurance
The legal expenses insurance directive : a consumer perspective
Is unemployment compensation responsible for high unemployment rates? : a study of the Canadian economy
Unemployment benefits and social assistance in seven European countries : a comparative study
Kelan tilastollinen vuosikirja 2011 = FPAs statistiska årsbok 2011 = Statistical yearbook of the Social Insurance Institution 2011.
Essays on international health economics : the role of health insurance in health care financing in low- and middle-income countries
Wage bargaining and employment under different unemployment insurance contribution policies
Social insurance
Kelan tilastollinen vuosikirja 2007 = FPAs statistiska årsbok 2007 = Statistical yearbook of the Social Insurance Institution 2007.
Insuring war : sovereignty, security and risk
Kelan tilastollinen vuosikirja 2009 = FPAs statistiska årsbok 2009 = Statistical yearbook of the Social Insurance Institution 2009.
Who's to benefit? : a radical review of the social security system
Regulating the risk of unemployment : national adaptations to post-industrial labour markets in Europe
Wealth and welfare states : is America a laggard or leader?
Social security in the Nordic countries : scope, expenditure and financing 1984.
Introduction to European social security law
"Insurance today is a global economic colossus and a fixture in the developed countries of the world. Dependant upon a considerable dose of moral exhortation and enlightened appeal, the insurance industry has become a pervasive agent of social and economic control through its delineation of acceptable (compensated) and unacceptable (uncompensated) risk.
The Appeal of Insurance traces the ways in which insurance, over the past three centuries, has grown in concert with a clientele largely of its own making. Drawing on the fields of history, sociology, criminology and economics, these essays break new ground in insurance studies by illuminating the dialectical relationship between the expansion of the insurance business and the public demand for economic and social security."--pub. desc.
English summary.
"This book examines the behavior of individuals at risk, insurance industry decision makers and policy makers involved in the selling, buying, and regulating of insurance"--
Social insurance in Europe
Kansaneläkelaitoksen tilastollinen vuosikirja 1993 = Folkpensionsanstaltens statistiska årsbok 1993 = Statistical yearbook of the social insurance institution 1993. 1993.
The law of social security
Poverty and state support
Kansaneläkelaitoksen tilastollinen vuosikirja = FPAs statistiska årsbok = Statistical yearbook of the Social insurance institution. 2005
Proceedings of the 6th Workshop on the European Geotraverse (EGT) project
The politics of social risk : business and welfare state development
EMU buffering of the unemployment insurance system
The appeal of insurance
Social Security in the 21st century
Kelan tilastollinen vuosikirja 2010 = FPAs statistiska årsbok 2010 = Statistical yearbook of the Social Insurance Institution 2010.
Social security and health promotion - networking for future wellbeing = Seminārs "Sociālā drosība un veselības veicināsana - sadarbība nākotnes labklājībai" : seminar held at Jekabpils, Latvia 16-17 September 1999
True security : rethinking American social insurance
Kansaneläkelaitoksen tilastollinen vuosikirja 1994 = Folkpensionsanstaltens statistiska årsbok 1994 = Statistical yearbook of the social insurance institution, Finland 1994.
Co-ordinating work-based and residence-based social security
Grounding security : family, insurance and the state
Kelan tilastollinen vuosikirja 2014 = FPA:s statistiska årsbok 2014 = Statistical yearbook of the Social Insurance Institution 2014.
Social protection for the informal sector and the informally employed in Vietnam : literature and data review
The economics of an aging society
Social security in an overlapping generations model
Kansaneläkelaitoksen tilastollinen vuosikirja = Folkpensionsanstaltens statistiska årsbok = Statistical yearbook of the Social Insurance Institution, Finland. 2000
Social security and health promotion - networking for future wellbeing = Seminars "Sociala drosiba un veselibas veicinasana - sadarbiba nakotnes labklajibai" : seminar held at Jekabpils, Latvia 16-17 September 1999
Prospects for social insurance and private employee benefit plans : keynote lecture
Kansaneläkelaitoksen tilastollinen vuosikirja = Folkpensionsanstaltens statistiska årsbok = Statistical yearbook of the Social Insurance Institution, Finland. 1995.
English abstract.
Kelan tilastollinen vuosikirja 2013 = FPAs statistiska årsbok 2013 = Statistical yearbook of the Social Insurance Institution 2013.
Pension policies and public debt in dynamic CGE models
Social security in Finland 1989 and 1990.
Social security in Lithuania : a review
Social security in Finland
Kelan tilastollinen vuosikirja 2014= FPAs statistiska årsbok 2014 = Statistical yearbook of the Social Insurance Institution 2014.
Kansaneläkelaitoksen tilastollinen vuosikirja = FPAs statistiska årsbok = Statistical yearbook of the Social insurance institution. 2006
The politics of social rights : studies on the dimensions of sickness insurance in OECD countries
Kelan tilastollinen vuosikirja 2008 = FPAs statistiska årsbok 2008 = Statistical yearbook of the Social Insurance Institution 2008.
Essays on the financing of unemployment benefits
Security consulting
The finance of unemployment insurance, bargaining structure and wage determination in a unionized economy
Kansaneläkelaitoksen tilastollinen vuosikirja 2001 = Folkpensionsanstaltens statistika årsbok 2001 = Statistical yearbook of the Social Insurance Institution 2001.
Kelan tilastollinen vuosikirja 2012 = FPAs statistiska årsbok 2012 = Statistical yearbook of the Social Insurance Institution 2012.
Norwegian social law
The welfare state as piggy bank : information, risk, uncertainty and the role of the state
