http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21311 storehouses
storehouses storages
Volume and mass budgets of blanket peat in the north of Scotland
Agricultural engineering in development : warehouse technique
Paloturvalliset varastokaapit = Fire safety storage cabinets. Osa = Part 2, Kaasupullojen turvakaapit = Safety cabinets for pressurised gas cylinders
Design of layout rearrangement of enterprise logistics based on the combination of slp and sha
Lightweight Sandwich Panel in Cold Stores and Refrigerated Warehouses
Pressures exerted by grain and silage stored in silos : experimental determination of the mechanical and rheological properties of grain and silage and analysis of the interaction between the stored material and the silo walls
An analytical framework for raw materials inventory control in industrial firms
Storage made easy : hundreds of ideas for organising every room in your house
Dry land log handling and sorting : planning, construction and operation of log yards
Optimal order oriented slotting in grocery warehouse : case: Inex Partners Oy
Introduction to financial accounting
Basepaper reel warehousing, handling and optimisation of reel diameter
Vocabulary acquisition : implications for reading comprehension
Carbon sequestration by New Zealand's plantation forests
English L2 learners' speech : and how the spoken language course affects its lexical richness
Seedling quality in Picea abies is affected by growing conditions and routines in forest nurseries = Plantekvalitet i Picea abies påvirkes av dyrkingsklima og rutiner i skogplanteskolene
Outsourcing warehouse and warehouse services for GE Medical Systems Sverige Ab, Filial i Finland
Minimising fire risks at chemical storage facilities : basis for the guidelines for safety engineers
Inventory forecast and ordering process improvement in a supply chain : case study: Kistal Equipment Supplies Limited, Nigeria
Air temperatures in high-latitude regions are anticipated to rise by several degrees by the end of the century and result in substantial northward shifts of species. These changes will likely affect the source and sink dynamics of greenhouse gases and possibly lead to a net carbon release from high-latitude soils to the atmosphere. However, regional differences in carbon cycling depend highly on the vegetation community composition, which may be controlled by the abundance of herbivores. I investigated whether mammalian herbivores, mainly reindeer and rodents, alter ecosystem carbon storage through their impacts on vegetation and on dominant plant functional traits. I combined observations of recent changes in ecosystem carbon with experimental field manipulations of both herbivory and climate change and measured carbon storage in vegetation and soil, the uptake and release of carbon dioxide, microbial activity and compared these to plant community composition.Results of my PhD thesis show that under ambient conditions, the impacts of herbivory on both above- and belowground carbon storage ranged from positive to negative. Herbivory altered dominant plant functional traits and these were fairly good predictors of the changes in soil carbon. When combined with experimental warming, herbivory continued to exert control on the dominant plant functional traits but the strong effects of warming on ecosystem carbon storage mostly concealed the impact of herbivory. Interestingly, herbivory–nutrient interactions that were not linked to dominant functional traits determined the consequences of warming on soil carbon. Taken together, I show clear and site-specific impacts of herbivores on vegetation and ecosystem carbon storage and the processes that govern them. Therefore, I suggest that an improved understanding of the role of herbivory in the global carbon cycle could improve estimations of global carbon–climate feedbacks.
Evaluating Warehouse-outsourcing options for a small IT-retail company : A case study
Controlled atmosphere storage of fruits and vegetables
Inventory models
Buildings for industrial storage and distribution
Construction and management of farm storages : with special reference fo apples
Advances in stored product protection : proceedings of the 8th International Working Conference on Stored Product Protection, 22-26 July 2002, York, UK
Identifying logistical problems and developing improvement suggestions for logistics at UPM-Kymmene Ltd, Tervasaari, label paper mill
Vaasa Water sport centre
Integrating Camera Recognition and RFID System for Assets Tracking and Warehouse Management
Dynamic pull replenishment buffer management : case: buffer inventory management
Multi-stage production planning and inventory control
Storage and control of stock for industry and public undertakings
The handbook of logistics & distribution management
Heat treatments for postharvest pest control : theory and practice
On-farm post-harvest management of food grains : a manual for extension workers with special reference to Africa
Documentation and analysis of material flows and warehousing in Tervakoski Oy
Logistics centres in St Petersburg, Russia : current status and prospects
Validity in psychological measurement:an investigation of test norms
Improving the forklift traffic safety at logistics terminals
Improved 2D numerical simulation model for strongly coupled heat and fluid flow in a thermal storage
Modern inventory operations : methods for accuracy and productivity
Electronic solutions for Ethiopian health sector : electronic medical record (EMR) system
World-class warehousing and material handling
Improving warehouse and inventory management : operational efficiency and transport safety
Preliminary study for a new terminal management and container load planning system in Finnsteve Helsinki Vuosaari terminal
Implementation of inventory control in a warehouse of a case company
On measuring warehouse work efficiency in third party logistic operations using highly subcontracted workforce
Outdoor shelter plans : overheads, sheds & gazebos
Building backyard structures : sheds, barns, bins, gazebos & other outdoor construction
A longitudinal study on the lexical sophistication and sentence length in Finnish upper secondary school student's English compositions
Predicting future payback period : a case study of Kardex's products
Design of an assembling line
There is clear evidence that higher quality produce fetches higher prices and simple post-harvest management practices can improve the quality of produce and increase farm income. In this regard, farmers can benefit greatly from advice and training in post-harvest management to maintain quality and add value to produce. This manual provides guidance on post-harvest management of food grains at the farm. It aims to guide extension workers on how to advise farmers in maintaining and adding value to the quality of their stored produce--Publisher's description.
Value-focused supply management : getting the most out of the supply function
The purpose of this thesis was to clarify situation in the warehouses of Tervakoski Oy and record their related material flows. Tervakoski mill is old and built in stages, which has impacts on warehousing and material flows. It was expected that room for improvement exists and based on that ”One Touch” –project was started. This thesis forms phase one in ”One Touch” –project. The theory part of this thesis focuses on warehousing and material flows from different points of views. Issues to be considered when organizing warehouses and material flows are discussed in the theory part of this thesis. The empirical part of this thesis presents material created for Tervakoski Oy. The findings indicate that some excess inventories exist as was expected before the starting this project. It was also discovered that there are certain materials in the ware-houses that are not in mill systems as well as old materials, which reserve space from other materials and should be disposed from the warehouses.  The results of the empirical part of this thesis indicate that more efforts should be put to improving communication and processes in the future. Further research is needed to determine optimal inventory levels in the second phase of “One Touch” –project.  The empirical part of this thesis is confidential.
Integrated materials management
Architectural details : a home source book of interiors fixtures, from taps to tiles, doors to floors
Inventory routing : a strategic management accounting perspective
Value creation and days of supply in major pulp and paper companies
Facility logistics : approaches and solutions to next generation challenges
Insects of stored products
Cross bones
Knowledge mining using robust clustering
Potato mechanisation and storage
Automatic identification and data collection systems in a warehouse
Supply chain optimisation and market coordinated inventory control
Shrinkage : introducing a collaborative approach to reducing stock loss in the supply chain
Handbook of materials management
Economic evaluation of a warehouse investment in central europe : case study at Nokian Heavy Tyres Ltd.
Suomen teollisuuden arkkitehtuuria = Industrialarkitektur i Finland = Industrial architecture in Finland
Demand forecast process as a part of inventory management
Development of purchasing parameters : Pernod Ricard Finland Oy
Cargo theft prevention : a handbook for logistics security
This thesis is a case study of a Finnish technology firm Teleste Corporation. There the pursue of efficiency and good customer service are important. A demand forecast offers the possibility to make the operations more profitable but still offer the customers' higher value. It provides the inventory management the needed information about the buffer stocks that should be kept overcoming the fluctuations in demand. Additionally, it ensures that no unnecessary stock is carried. The thesis has concentrated on discovering the matters that affect the efficiency of the demand forecast process and the inventory management. A seven step forecast model is investigated in order to solve the critical aspects related to it. It states the issues that increase the complexity of forecasting. Furthermore, it argues about the fact that to be successful in the process, the company needs to create written rules for forecasting. Additionally, constant support during the forecast creation is another element desperately needed. These two matters should be provided for the sales people who are responsible to the creation of a forecast. Add to this, as the clientele is wanted to give some input to the forecasting, it would be advisable to increase their awareness about the process and its advantages. Finally, the demand forecast process lacks of a good awarding system. There is no guarantee that if a sensible demand forecast is created, the creator will receive his or her goods on time. Therefore, to increase the motivation amongst the creators, it would be reasonable to pay attention to the inventory management. In the future, to be able to increase the efficiency of the demand forecast process, the company has to be able to enhance the product availability. Furthermore, it should consider other awards for the most successful forecasters, like discounts for clients and bonuses for salespeople, which would increase the eagerness to forecast.
Reinventing the warehouse : world class distribution logistics
Database Replication – an Overview of Replication Techniques in Common Database Systems
Agricultural engineering in development : design and construction guidelines for village stores
Optimization of a laundry's garment stock and ordering
Customizing extended warehouse management with SAP® ERP
Facilities planning
Assessing the role of vocabulary breadth and depth in reading comprehension : a quantitative study of Finnish EFL learners
Determining Production Lot Sizes and Reorder Points in the Manufacturing of Moulded Fibre
Stock parts availability improvement : case: Wärtsilä Finland Oy, Services
RFID technology's potential in warehouse management : perspective of VIktor Ek's Moving Division
Big shed
Decision rules for inventory management
A collection of papers presented at the Eighth International Symposium on Inventories, Budapest, August 22-26, 1994.
Just in time material flow with ABB Oy Drives and Controls
Facilities planning and design
SAP extended warehouse management : processes, functionality and configuration
Optimization of spare parts and materials inventory at Metsä-Botnia Rauma Mill
Potatoes postharvest
Design of layout rearrangament of enterprise logistics based on the combination of slp and sha
Warehouse planning process and analysis of future requirements
Carbon Reservoirs in Peatlands and Forests in the Boreal Regions of Finland
The post-harvest treatment of fruit and vegetables : controlled atmosphere storage of fruit and vegetables : COST 94 : proceedings of Workshop, April 22-23, 1993, Milan, Italy
Coordinated control of multi-stage inventory systems
Inventory control and management
Herbivory control over tundra carbon storage under climate change
Warehouse design : case: spare part dealership
Summary.
Vendor Managed Inventory : Case Wärtsilä Industrial Operations
Integrating Kanban with MRPII : automating a pull system for enhanced JIT inventory management
Re-organizing warehouse layout
Consignment stock : case Kyrel Ems Oyj
Pest management in stored groundnuts
Chic simple components : storage
Importing biological products from Germany to China
SOK/toimintakeskus, Kuopio  = SOK operating centre
Lottas in their fields of work
Problems of war stores at Kilpisjärvi and undiplomatic sketches at Lerwick
The warehouse management handbook
Efficient warehouse management : the gateway to productivity
The challenge of strategic management
The best on industrial architecture
Spare parts operations in landfill compactor business
Maximize your warehouse operations with SAP ERP
Inventory and employment interplay in Finnish manufacturing industry
Learning English is fun! : incidental vocabulary acquisition of music and traditional class ninth graders via listening to pop songs
Inventory Process Management & Optimization in Small Businesses : Based on Warehouse Management Systems & Inventory Management Approaches
Improving the inventory management and valuation process : case: The Switch Drive Systems
Implementing TPM at Metal Working Company
Materials Management and Development : Case: Famifarm Oy
Order-to-delivery process and stock management Stora Enso Publication Papers Oy Ltd Veitsiluoto Mill
Increasing the level of customer service with the help of intermediate storing and transports from Rauma, Finland to Bochum, Germany
Phyton : annales rei botanicae
Logistic centres in Moscow : transport, operators and logistics infrastructure in the Moscow Region
Improving the forklift traffic safety at logistics terminal
Storage : recipes and ideas
The effect of SKU proliferation on production and inventory management
Structural analysis and design of a warehouse building
The survey of warehouse scenario in Singapore
Extinguishing smouldering fires in silos : BRANDFORSK project 745-961
Design and process optimization in warehousing logistics : comparison of theory and practice, demonstrated on a warehouse operation of a top global logistics company
Integrating a smart city data warehouse efficiently with a cloud infrastructure
Evaluating the centralization alternatives of manufacturing company's distribution network
Inventory management : principles and practices
PJP Metsäexpertit Oy is a medium-sized forestry company operating in Pirkanmaa region. The company's main operations are harvesting and bio energy fuel logging, including forwarding. In addition to the main operations PJP carries out support functions such as drawing up of harvesting work schedules, repair and maintenance operations as well as coordination of their sub-contractors' work. On top of the current business operations, PJP is becoming a spare part dealer and contract maintenance service provider for Swedish forestry machine manufacturer Eco Log. Embarking on this new field of business requires planning and designing. The most important needs at this stage for PJP are to have the spare part storage layout and stock location scheme as well as basic warehouse operations designed. Hence, the goal of the design work is to recommend a storage layout solution which meets overall objectives and company requirements as well as create functional and efficient basic warehouse operations and stock location scheme according to the company's specific situation.   The layout model recommended in this thesis was achieved by defining the characteristics of the stored materials, choosing the suitable storage method and techniques and taking into consideration the limitations and opportunities of the space. The recommended layout is static small and medium-sized spare part storage with shelving and lockers as the main storage devices. This solution reaches the overall objectives of an economical storage which enables efficient use of space and material handling, provides flexibility required in the changing business environment as well as adheres to the case company specific requirements. Acquiring of the storage fitting, accessories and equipment according to the recommendations further increases the overall functionality and efficiency of the layout. The designing of the basic warehouse operations includes receiving, storage, picking, packing and shipping activities. The company's ERP system is an essential tool along with the stock location scheme to enable efficient operations. The stock location scheme is based on the recommended storage layout and each stock location is identified with a unique code. The objective of efficient yet economical warehousing is reached with the right systems and procedures in place and with suitable equipment. In addition to the procedures and systems presented in the thesis, it is recommended that in the future PJP considers the use of bar coding in its warehouse operations since it can offer many benefits in terms of information accuracy and overall operational efficiency.
Material flow analysis of automated warehouse in the dairy industry
SAP query reporting tools
Ferrocement stores for bagged grain and other purposes : a minor field study
Building sheds
Abstract: The aim of supply chain management is the delivery and service chain optimization, cost reduction, increase in sales and enhanced customer service. In the Nordic countries, where the distances are long, it is normally necessary to maintain inventories. Another reason for inventories is often uncertainty. Inventories must be maintained as customers want fast shipping, but do not tell in advance when and how much they are going to buy different products. The supply chain management is a very practical activity. It is not solved by using statistical models, or by the IT systems. The most important part of the chain, are the people. The employees should, however, use mathematics and systems to help improve the efficiency of the supply chain.    The purpose of this work was to review old and define new purchasing parameters for Pernod Ricard Finland Oy and create a continuous process to define the parameters for the company by using mathematical and statistical methods. The goal of this research was to get better understanding of planning fluctuations and improve and define the planning parameters with fact based knowledge.    An action research study was carried out during autumn 2012 and spring 2013. This work initially examined the various theories to improve purchasing parameters, in particular the management of the safety stocks, and determined what kind of planning method should be used for planning various types of products in order to generate the best possible forecast with right information to suppliers and other parties.    Based on the theory new parameters for the purchase of Pernod Ricard Finland Oy were defined for certain products, implemented into system and the results were analyzed after few months. As the results of the research trial were promising the final result of the project was a new process and guidelines on how the purchasing parameters will be defined in the company.
Dry-storage and water sprinkling of spruce pulpwood. 1, Effects on wood properties
Technical obsolescence for Wärtsilä W20
Implementation of VMI supply model in process industry environment
Cost Savings on Container Import Process
Offers a comprehensive examination of international potato production. This book discusses how potatoes are managed post harvest, the underlying science behind practices and the influences that can affect final quality. It also describes potato physiology, harvesting techniques and loading procedures as well as optimum storage conditions.
Plant location decision-making
Building great sheds : creative ideas and easy instructions for simple structure
House guests house pests : a natural history of animals in the home
