http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21386 metatheories
metatheories
Classical philosophy : collected papers. 4, Plato's metaphysics and epistemology
Thinking aloud is allowed! : an invitation to philosophy for young people
Schopenhauer and Kant's transcendental idealism
Essays on metaphysics and the theory of knowledge. Vol. 1
Viewing norms dialogically : an action-oriented approach to sociolinguistic metatheory
Process metaphysics : an introduction to process philosophy
Prolegomena to any future metaphysics that will be able to present itself as a science
The ends of philosophy
Knowledge and justification
Papers in metaphysics and epistemology
Classical philosophy : collected papers. 7, Aristotle, metaphysics, epistemology, natural philosophy
De natura rerum : scripta in honorem professoris Olli Koistinen sexagesimum annum complentis
The problems of philosophy
Metalinguistic operators with reference to French
Kant and skepticism
Fiction and metaphysics
Sensing the world
Kant's critique of pure reason : an orientation to the central theme
The epistemological spectrum : at the interface of cognitive science and conceptual analysis
Michael Devitt presents a series of essays in which he argues for an uncompromisingly realist view of the external physical world. He goes on to reject moral noncognitivism & antirealist views of truth. He argues against the a priori, & urges that we should approach epistemology & semantics from a metaphysical perspective & not vice versa.
Insight and illusion : Wittgenstein on philosophy and the metaphysics of experience
Beyond experience : metaphysical theories and philosophical constraints
Potentiality, entanglement and passion-at-a-distance. Vol. 2, Quantum mechanical studies for Abner Shimony
"Some of the most eminent and enduring philosophical questions concern matters of priority: what is prior to what? What 'grounds' what? Is, for instance, matter prior to mind? Recently, a vivid debate has arisen about how such questions have to be understood. Can the relevant notion or notions of priority be spelled out? And how do they relate to other metaphysical notions, such as modality, truth-making or essence? This volume of new essays, by leading figures in contemporary metaphysics, is the first to address and investigate the metaphysical idea that certain facts are grounded in other facts. An introduction introduces and surveys the debate, examining its history as well as its central systematic aspects. The volume will be of wide interest to students and scholars of metaphysics"--
The philosophical works
Pragmatist metaphysics : an essay on the ethical grounds of ontology
Proglegomena : to any future metaphysics that will be able to come forward as science
The metaphysics of experience
Critique of pure reason
Zen and the art of insanity : the analytic metaphysics of quality
Philosophical selections : from The search after truth ..., from Elucidations of the search after truth ..., from Dialogues on metaphysics ..., and from Treatise on nature and grace ..
A theory of meta-organisation : an analysis of steering processes in European Commission-funded R&D "Network of Excellence" consortia
Time, change and freedom : an introduction to metaphysics
Analysis and metaphysics : an introduction to philosophy
The problems of contemporary philosophy
Cultural identity and research ethics in the folklore process
Metaphysical grounding : understanding the structure of reality
Problems and theories of philosophy
Being and event
Persistence : contemporary readings
Between two worlds : a reading of Descartes's Meditations
Episteme, etc.: essays in honour of Jonathan Barnes
Search for a naturalistic world view. Vol. 2, Natural science and metaphysics
Understanding naturalism
Recognition, remembrance & reality : new essays on Plato's epistemology and metaphysics
Collected papers of Clarence Irving Lewis
Human knowing : a prelude to metaphysics
Eternal possibilities : a neutral ground for meaning and existence
Distinguish to unite : or The degrees of knowledge
Descartes on seeing : epistemology and visual perception
Introduction to philosophy
Hume's scepticism and realism : his two profound arguments against the senses in an enquiry concerning human understanding
The philosophical works of Descartes. Vol. 2
Search for a naturalistic world view. Vol. 1, Scientific method and epistemology
Metatheory of small firm performance and entrepreneurship
Philosophy as a humanistic discipline
The first critique : reflections on Kant's Critique of pure reason
Thick concepts
Science and metaphysics : variations on Kantian themes
The central questions of philosophy
Kant's criticism of metaphysics
The tao of physics : an exploration of the parallels between modern physics and Eastern mysticism
Summary in Finnish (yhteenveto)
A metaphysics for the future
Aristotle and mathematics : aporetic method in cosmology and metaphysics
Levinas beyond the horizons of Cartesianism : an inquiry into the metaphysics of morals
Emanuel Swedenborg : visionary savant in the age of reason
Identity
Reality, representation, and projection
Aristotle's two systems
Infinity
The eye in the text : essays on perception, mannerist to modern
New essays concerning human understanding : together with an appendix consisting of some of his shorter pieces
Putting metaphysics first : essays on metaphysics and epistemology
Leibniz: philosophical writings
An enquiry concerning human understanding
Demons, dreamers, and madmen : the defense of reason in Descartes's Meditations
Tractatus logico-philosophicus
Three dialogues on knowledge
The mind and its place in nature
Reason, truth and God
Plato : a collection of critical essays. 1, Metaphysics and epistemology
The philosophy of Roderick M. Chisholm
Meta-theories
Kant's analytic
The metaphysics of epistemology
On being a Christian in the Academy : Nicholas Wolterstorff and the practice of Christian scholarship
Epistemology and metaphysics for qualitative research
An introduction to using theory in social work practice
Sociolinguistic metatheory
Essays on Truth and Reality
Principia ethica
A commentary on Plato's Meno
The search after truth
