http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21372 allegiance
allegiance
The good children
The obedient son : Deuteronomy and christology in the Gospel of Matthew
The promise of obedience : a ritual history
Stealing obedience : narratives of agency and identity in later Anglo-Saxon England
English evangelicals and Tudor obedience, c. 1527-1570
The heart of this book lies in the important discovery that a pivotal Tudor argument in favor of the Royal Supremacy - the argument from Psalm 82 that earthly kings are 'gods' on this earth - is in fact Zwinglian in origin. This teaching from Psalm 82, which originated in Zurich in the mid-1520s, was soon used extensively in England to justify the Supremacy, and English evangelicals - from Tyndale to Cranmer - unanimously embraced this Protestant argument in their writings on political obedience. The discovery of this link shows conclusive, textual proof of the 'Zurich Connection' between Swiss political teachings and those popular under Tudor kings. This study argues, then, that evangelical attitudes towards royal authority were motivated by the assumption that Protestantism supported 'godly kingship' over against 'papal tyranny'. As such, it is the first monograph to find a vital connection between early Swiss Protestant similar teachings on obedience and later teachings by evangelicals.
"Father Strieder examines the Promise of Obedience in the rite of ordination, particularly the 1991 addition of a second promise for religious, deacons, and priests to the bishop. The work connects the theological issues of the Promise of Obedience with their historical development in ordination rituals and religious vows".
Nation of devils : democratic leadership and the problem of obedience
Obedience to authority : an experimental view
Dominican penitent women
Katherine O'Brien O'Keeffe looks at Benedictine monasticism through the writings of Ælfric, Anselm, Osbern of Canterbury, and Goscelin of Saint-Bertin, as well as liturgy, canon and civil law, chronicle, dialogue, and hagiography, to analyse the practice of obedience in the monastic context. Stealing Obedience brings a highly original approach to the study of Anglo-Saxon narratives of obedience in the adoption of religious identity.
Liberal loyalty : freedom, obligation, and the state
Fear and trembling
Flowers from the desert : sayings on humility, obedience, repentance, and love from the Christian hermits of ancient times
Narratives of monastic life in Anglo-Saxon England depict individuals as responsible agents in the assumption and performance of religious identities. To modern eyes, however, many of the 'choices' they make would actually appear to be compulsory. Stealing Obedience explores how a Christian notion of agent action - where freedom incurs responsibility - was a component of identity in the last hundred years of Anglo-Saxon England, and investigates where agency (in the modern sense) might be sought in these narratives.
