http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21336 suppliers
suppliers
Visible sounds : stydy on the interface of mobile phones based on the auditory user interface for couriers in a delivery service company
Abstract: This thesis addresses buyer-supplier relationships and identification of drivers that  initiate the development of such relationships. The main purpose of this thesis is  to provide guidelines that assist companies in the process of determining the  drivers for relationship development.  The focus of the theoretical part of this thesis is on buyer-supplier relationships  and especially on identifying and defining the drivers of relationship development.  In addition purchasing as a part of supply chain management is briefly introduced  to distinguish the context for the theoretical part.  The empirical part of this thesis consists of the demonstration of the process of  determining drivers for relationship development. It is based on desk and field  research. Desk research consists of combining various sources to generate an  assessment form which is utilized in determining the drivers. Field research is  conducted by applying the generated form to the case company followed by  interviews with the company's representative.  In this thesis critical strategic factors, relationship strength indicators and potential  benefits were identified as the aspects of the drivers of relationship development.  The generated assessment form proved to be a competent tool in assessing the first  two aspects of the drivers. The form also contributes to the evaluation of the third  aspect, potential benefits, since this evaluation is largely derived from the  assessment of the first two.  As a result of the research moderate yet conscious strengthening of the  relationship towards more cooperative approach was recommended to the case  company. In addition the empirical part of this thesis provided guidelines that  assist especially small and medium size enterprises in assessing the  appropriateness of developing their buyer-supplier relationships. However the  conducted research focused strictly on the initial stage of buyer-supplier  relationship development and as such leaves opportunities and provides a basis for  further research on the subject.
Supplier's position in project marketing networks
International operations management
Group decision support system, supplier network and virtual co-operation
Customer relationship management : concepts and technologies
This final thesis was done as a part of Tampere University of Applied Sciences (TAMK) International Business degree, the final thesis of International Business degree is worth 15 cr. The final thesis was done to Valmet Automotive Inc., which is a Finnish contract vehicle manufacturing company.  The purpose of the final thesis was to study a part of Valmet Automotive's Partner Web, which is a web-based information and evaluation hub for VA and VA's associates such as suppliers. This final thesis was done as a part of Tampere University of Applied Sciences (TAMK) International Business degree, the final thesis of International Business degree is worth 15 cr. The thesis relates to logistics, as a part of the TAMK IB degree and the Green Supply Chain Management module. The final thesis was done to Valmet Automotive Inc., which is a Finnish contract vehicle manufacturing company that also offers various vehicle engineering services, including manufacturing, concept cars and convertible roof engineering and design.  The thesis study was conducted at the Valmet Automotive premises in Uusikaupunki, using the tools provided by Valmet Automotive. The purpose of the final thesis was to study a part of Valmet Automotive's Partner Web, which is a web-based information and evaluation hub for VA and VA's associates such as suppliers. The area of study was a Parts Per Million application (also referred as PPM), which is an application that tracks numerous different supplier deviations, for example delayed deliveries and quality deviations. The application is also capable of displaying the deviations in different type of charts. The idea of the application is to enhance supplier cooperation, as well as evaluate performance and engage in continuous improvement. After introducing background theory for supply chain management and supplier man-agement, the goal was to examine the definitions of the PPM application, namely how the application handles the deviation calculations. Valmet Automotive's interest in the final thesis subject was to examine the effects of long transportation times on the PPM figure accuracy. In order to create comparable data, four  comparable suppliers were chosen. The only differentiating factor from the study's point of view was transportation times. The main goal of the research was to find improvement ideas as well as potential problems on the application. Thesis related background information, research, analysis and conclusion have been removed from this final thesis version on the basis of confidentiality agreement.
Sourcing from China : effective sourcing process : : case company - Mikfast Oy
Value creation by enterprise systems value added resellers : the case of PLM systems VARs
Determinants and consequences of information sharing with key suppliers
802.11b WLAN for Kesko warehouse 1
Customer satisfaction in supplier-retailer relationships : the case of Best Friend Group Oy
Purchasing in the 21st century : a guide to state-of-the-art technigues and strategies
Capital equipment purchasing : optimizing the total cost of capex sourcing
Further Development of Supplier Portal
In Metso Minerals Inc reliable material flow is extremely important as most of the manufacturing except the end assembly is outsourced. The level of supplier's delivery reliability levels were quite far from the desired level therefore evaluation of current processes was required. Focus in the thesis was more on purchasing related processes. As research methods nine months observation time was utilized and interviews for three suppliers and Operative Purchasing team were conducted. In addition significant amount of reporting tools and already existing data were available. The operations under close analysis were SAP parameters, order confirmations, logistics and warehousing, supplier management and resources effecting to accuracy of deliveries. After evaluation it was brought out that SAP parameter updating was influenced by lot of variations and together used methods were lacking. Order confirming was under lot of interpretation and systems related to it were not functioning the best possible way, having possibility of effecting accuracy of deliveries negatively. Impact of logistics and warehousing were not significant, but also some minor process details exposed for errors, worth mentioning ship dates and times in SAP. Main reasons for delays of supplier were rush orders and exceeding of their capacity. Smaller concerns were seen as transporting and order handling of small and cheap items and batch sizes of those. It was revealed by purchasing that on the other hand supplier's lack of communication and informing hence order updating is SAP has turned into problem. Major issues for purchasing concerning accuracy of deliveries were lack of time to support suppliers and systems not functioning properly. As a result handbook for purchasing was suggested in order to achieve efficient working, enquiry for order confirmation habits was created, instructions for goods receipt at third party was provided, valid SAP information concerning orders and parameters was highlighted and corrective actions suggested to be taken into action as soon as possible, in addition it was recommended that system and data error should be investigated. The-sis contains confidential information for the case company.
Assessing the benefits of electronic product catalogs in B2B e-procurement : Finnish suppliers’ perspective
Information sharing in buyer-supplier relationships through cloud-based solutions
Supplier provided automatic warehouse replenishment solutions in pharmaceutical diagnostics industry
Supply network strategies
The sourcing solution : a step-by-step guide to creating a successful purchasing program
Implementation of VMI supply model in process industry environment
Supplier Selection Based On AHP Method : Supplier from China for Suomen Koristetuonti
Improving logistics Parts Per Million (PPM) tool at Valmet Automotive
Improvingsupplier information management in Satmatic Oy
Supplier evaluation and selection is today one of the most important processes that companies should be able to manage. Earlier companies produced their products and services by themselves but to increase cost efficiency many of the manufacturing processes have been outsourced to third parties while companies focus on their core competencies. This situation has resulted that the final product or service is mainly produced by third parties. The objective of this thesis was to research different ways to evaluate suppliers and create a supplier evaluation scorecard for this purpose. The research was done as a case study and it was commissioned by Etola Industrial Products (China) Co Ltd. The material used in the thesis consisted of literature related to the thesis subject, documentation of the case company, interviews and supplier audits. The interviews were organized for the case company's CEO, quality supervisor and buyers of the case company. Supplier audits were organized for Etola China ́s current suppliers and supplier candidates. The theoretical part of the thesis consists of the importance of supplier evaluation and selection and the different methods to conduct the supplier evaluation. The empirical part covers Etola China ́s current supplier evaluation and selection process and the creation of the new supplier scorecard. The supplier scorecard is used to compare performances of two different suppliers to produce a strategic component for Etola China ́s project. As a result, the supplier scorecard was designed, created, and used to evaluate and compare Chinese suppliers. With the scorecard, Etola China is able to evaluate and choose a supplier using comprehensive data and to follow the performances of its current suppliers. For the future, the supplier scorecard is going to cover all the strategic suppliers.
The application of analytic hierarchy process in supplier selection for specialty paper making company : case company: Anhui Welbon Gaosen Paper Co., Ltd
Start and run your own coffee shop and lunch bar
Establishment of a supplier network, assurance of the future cooperation
Trust in buyer-supplier collaboration : the importance of personal relationships
Making contracts work : combining the science of effective procurement with the art of managing supplier contracts
Supplier evaluation and performance excellence : a guide to meaningful metrics and successful results
Strategic procurement : : organizing suppliers and supply chains for competitive advantage
Accuracy of deliveries in purchasing process : case: Metso Minerals Inc
Business ethics : managing corporate citizenship and sustainability in the age of globalization
Delivering superior value to customers at restaurant sector
Strategic procurement : organizing suppliers and supply chains for competitive advantage
Essays on the economics of retailing : payments, finance and vertical restraints
Determining drivers for buyer-supplier relationship develomepment : Pointguard Oy: buyer's perspective
Supplier scorecard for supplier selection in China : case Etola industrial products (China) Co Ltd
Global supplier evaluation in China : Etola Industrial Products (Tianjin) Ltd
Developing internal and external partnerships for Bio-Teho Oy
An analysis of the selection and evaluation of suppliers in low-cost countries
Sustainable procurement : the role of environmental information in supplier selection processes
The impact of supplier relationships on born global firms' internationalization
Managing Purchasing and Supply Relationships
Effective selection of suppliers
Abstract: The purpose of this thesis was to develop supplier performance for Cimcorp. The  study aimed at answering to the following question: “How to develop supplier performance  in Cimcorp?” The development work was done in co-operation with suppliers  by developing their contribution for the delivery of purchased goods and services.  Supplier development methods and tools are used in many organizations to assist  suppliers in improving supply chain performance and providing a major source of  competitive advantage. In Cimcorp the increased competitive pressure at the global  markets forms a driver for continuous improvement.  Qualitative action research was a study method combining the survey, interviews and  observations that all were implemented in the study. The survey for Cimcorp's key  suppliers and interviews for internal customers of the procurement organization were  implemented to analyze the development need of the suppliers' performance during  purchase order-delivery process. The survey and interview results were used to find  the right monitoring tools and practical improvement procedures for developing suppliers'  performance during different phases of purchasing order-delivery process.  The results of the survey for Cimcorp's key suppliers and interviews for the internal  customer indicate that Cimcorp's purchase order-delivery process works mostly well.  The most essential finding was that 60 % of the suppliers do not have their own KPIs  for measuring on-time deliveries and reclaims. That increases the need for monitoring  and informing about suppliers' on-time deliveries and reclaims by Cimcorp.  Sharing performance rates with suppliers is a crucial task benefitting the delivery reliability  of both counterparts. In the addition more active informing about the delivery  times, more focus on the economical transportation and packing methods, new  reports for controlling on-time deliveries and reclaims were suggested as well as taking  a new KPI, cost savings in use.
Orchestration of external resources
The role of attraction and control boundaries in value creation : dyadic exploration of strategic buyer-supplier relationships
Developing supplier performance
Discovering Pressboard Suppliers in India from A Transformer Subcontractor's Perspective : Case Company - A Finnish Transformer Subcontractor
Prices, quality and trust : inter-firm relations in Britain and Japan
Purchasing first aid products from China : case study: Rexram Oy
The purchasing chessboard : 64 methods to reduce cost and increase value with suppliers
Purchasing and supply management : text and cases
Creating the foundation for a daily production control system
Activation of supply relationships : a study of main providers in Turku logistics cluster
The geography of competition : firms, prices, and localization
Handbook for supply chain risk management : case studies, effective practices and emerging trends
Challenges in the entry to the Swedish food supplement market : Market characteristics and pharmacy distribution channel from the viewpoint of suppliers
Integrated marketing communication in connecting buyer and seller prior to selecting the supplier of industrial capital goods
A primer on negotiating corporate purchase contracts
Socially responsible purchasing from a developing country : a case study from an SME perspective
Activation of supply relationships : a study of main providers in the Turku logistics cluster
Today's intense competition forces companies to improve their operations and track costs more accurately than before. Fast industrialism in China and continually increasing expenses in companies have made them to face the fact that the time of easy profits and cheap prices are long gone. Global sourcing and purchasing has opened multiple new opportunities for different companies but total cost calculations for these acquisitions can be complex and time consuming. But even rough averages from these calculations can help companies to identify the main cost drivers of different acquisitions and add purchasing cost know-how. This thesis was commissioned by Etola Industrial Products (Tianjin) Ltd that is located in Tianjin, China. The objective of the thesis was to determine the cost elements that occur in international and local purchasing, to build a total cost calculation for two different options to buy pressure lubrication unit components and to compare these two total cost calculations. Data used in this study is collected from purchasing literature, company documents, by interviewing Etola China CEO, department managers and suppliers. Time drivers used in total cost calculations were timed in Etola China factory in Tianjin China during normal working hours. In the theoretical part of the thesis global sourcing and purchasing, supplier evaluation and selection, and total cost of ownership are introduced. The theoretical part is based on purchasing literature and internet sources. In the theoretical part the basic information of the purchasing process, supplier evaluation and total cost calculation are introduced to provide the understanding of the cost drivers of purchase. The results from total cost calculations that were conducted in the empirical part of the thesis revealed significant costs in indirect cost drivers that have not been calculated before..The total cost comparison between two options revealed the effect that continually strengthening Chinese Yuan has on European supplier prices. Chinese Yuan has appreciated a lot within last year and some of the European suppliers? prices have already become more affordable than Chinese suppliers' products. The objectives of the thesis were achieved and the results that it provided are valuable for Etola China. With the help of the total cost analysis conducted in the thesis, Etola China can identify costs in international as well as in local acquisitions and to improve its purchasing to be more profitable. By using the TCO tool, Etola China purchasing can achieve cost savings and improve its position on continually leaner Chinese markets.
Supplier relationship management capability in the firm's global integration
