http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21339 transsexualism
transsexualism transsexuality transgender identity
Sex and uncertainty in the body of Christ : intersex conditions and Christian theology
Trans people and their occupational choices
Transsexualism, medicine and law : proceedings : XXIIIrd Colloquy on European Law, Vrije universiteit Amsterdam, Netherlands, 14-16 April 1993.
The drag king book
Captive genders : trans embodiment and the prison industrial complex
Reclaiming the spirit : gay men and lesbians come to terms with religion
The ballad of Lee Cotton
Male femaling : a grounded theory approach to cross-dressing and sex-changing
Trans sexual express : Barcelona 2001 : a classic for the third millennium : Centre d'Art SantaMòniCa, Barcelona del 27 de juny al 30 de setembre, 2001 / curadore = comisarias = curators : Xabier Arakistain i Rose Martínez
Transsexuality and the art of transitioning : a lacanian approach
Queer studies : a lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender anthology
Boys don't cry
The transgender phenomenon
Voice and communication therapy for the transgender/transsexual client : a comprehensive clinical guide
Gender politics
The text, a savvy mix of interviews and theory, contains important insights on the notion of female masculinities as exhibited by the drag king scene. The photographs of drag kings in London, New York, and San Francisco showcase these exuberant performers with an appropriate sense of admiration. They include posed studio shots, live action pictures, as well as the intimate images of drag kings dressing up and practicing their looks. The book celebrates the most important new developments on the New York and San Francisco club scene.
Social exclusion of young lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender (LGBT) people in Europe
Speaking sex to power : the politics of queer sex
The reversible world : symbolic inversion in art and society
Vested interests : cross-dressing & cultural anxiety
Transgender behaviour has been part of human experience for all times and across all cultures. Whether male to female (MTF) or female to male (FTM) transvestites, transsexuals, and hermaphrodites are forming a new alliance of transgendered people. These largely feared and taboo individuals are demanding a return of their lost civil liberties and are seeking recognition as a third gender.
The changing room : sex, drag and theatre
P[lain] truth : - a film from ♀ to ♂
From moon goddesses to virgins : the colonization of Yucatecan Maya sexual desire
Recognizing transsexuals : personal, political and medicolegal embodiment
Sambia sexual culture : essays from the field
Vested interests : cross-dressing and cultural anxiety
Sudden death by arrhythmogenic right ventricular dysplasia in a South American transsexual
Somatechnics highlights the reciprocal bond between the sôma and the techné of 'the body' and the techniques in which bodies are formed and transformed as crafted responses to the world around us. Structured around the themes of the governance of social bodies, the gendering of sexed bodies and the techniques associated with the formation of the self, Somatechnics presents a groundbreaking study of body modification. Its contributions to the work of Spinoza, Nietzsche, Merleau-Ponty, Deluze and Guattari make it a must read for scholars of sociology, cultural and queer studies and philosophy.
Sex in transition : remaking gender and race in South Africa
P(l)ain truth : a film from ♀ to ♂
With respect to sex : negotiating hijra identity in South India
The tradition of female transvestism in early modern Europe
Assuming a body : transgender and rhetorics of materiality
Transgender studies is the latest area of academic inquiry to grow out of the exciting nexus of queer theory, feminist studies, and the history of sexuality. Because transpeople challenge our most fundamental assumptions about the relationship between bodies, desire, and identity, the field is both fascinating and contentious. The Transgender Studies Reader puts between two covers fifty influential texts with new introductions by the editors that, taken together, document the evolution of transgender studies in the English-speaking world. By bringing together the voices and experience of transgender individuals, doctors, psychologists and academically-based theorists, this volume will be a foundational text for the transgender community, transgender studies, and related queer theory.
Crossing : a memoir
Transgender voices : beyond women and men
Sex and gender in the legal process
Transgender 101 : a simple guide to a complex issue
Bodies in doubt : an American history of intersex
Some issues in human sexuality : a guide to the debate : a discussion document from the House of Bishops' Group on issues in human sexuality
TransForming gender : transgender practices of identity, intimacy and care
Transsexualism : illusion and reality
Somatechnics : queering the technologisation of bodies
Crossing sex and gender in Latin America
The man who would be queen : the science of gender-bending and transsexualism
Transgender emergence : therapeutic guidelines for working with gender-variant people and their families
Imagining transgender : an ethnography of a category
Hailed "a revolutionary antidote to America's growing sexual conservatism," Patrick Califia is the most outspoken and intelligent commentator on sexual politics writing today. Following the acclaimed publication of Public Sex and Sex Changes, Califia once again exposes American mainstream culture with unrivaled brillance and integrity. As controversial in writing about the private sphere as the public, Califia speaks intimately of changing his gender identy from female to male and becoming a parent in a two-fathered household. Speaking Sex to Power takes the reader on a remarkable intellectual journey with one of America's most audacious thinkers.
Transgender politics : the construction and deconstruction of binary gender in the Finnish transgender community
Serving lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender, and questioning teens : a how-to-do-it manual for librarians
The making of the modern homosexual
Gay, lesbian, bisexual, and transgender myths from the Arapaho to the Zuäni : an anthology
The transgender studies reader 2
Men as women, women as men : changing gender in Native American cultures
Women and cross-dressing, 1800-1939
Non-heterosexual and transgendered people in Finland
Especially loved by Allah : Muslim and LGBTQ in Istanbul
Trans people's partnerships : towards an ethics of intimacy
Gaylord Phoenix
Island Bodies analyzes cultural production from Caribbean and Caribbean diaspora writers that flouts sexual norms. The chapters focus on how homosexuality, interracial relationships, transgendered people, and women's sexual agency are portrayed in film, music, and literature.
Crimes of hate, conspiracy of silence : torture and ill-treatment based on sexual identity
The politics of sexuality in Latin America : a reader on lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender rights
A companion to lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender, and queer studies
Queer theory, gender theory : an instant primer
Diverse sexuality and schools : a reference handbook
Trans-sister radio : a novel
Trans forming families : real stories about transgendered loved ones
Queer style" offers an insight into queer fashionability by addressing the role that clothing has played in historical and contemporary lifestyles. From a fashion studies perspective, it examines the function of subcultural dress within queer communities and the mannerisms and messages that are used as signifiers of identity. Diverse dress is examined, including effeminate 'pansy, ' masculine macho 'clone, ' the 'lipstick' and 'butch' lesbian styles and the extreme styles of drag kingsand drag queens. Divided into three main sections on history, subculturalidentity and subcultural style, "Queer style" will be of particular interest to students of dress and fashion as well as those coming to subculture from sociology and cultural studies.
Genders, transgenders and sexualities in Japan
The customized body
Just one of the guys? : transgender men and the persistence of gender inequality
A companion to some issues in human sexuality
Trans/formations
Bisexuality and transgenderism : interSEXions of the others
Childhood gender related experiences of adult transgender persons
The lives of transgender people
Social services with transgendered youth
Reclaiming genders : transsexual grammars at the fin de siècle
The article builds on ethnographic fieldwork within the LGBTQ (Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, Trans and Queer) milieu of Istanbul. It is based on material collected through participant observation and semi-structured interviews with people who at the same time selfidentify as practicing Muslims and have romantic and sexual relations with people of their own sex. The protagonist of the article is a pious Muslim woman who can be placed in the category of LGBTQ Muslims who do not seek coherence and are not involved in a reinterpretation of their Islamic tradition. The article explores the complex ways in which this woman handles the potential conflicts between her sex life and her religious beliefs, and points specifically to the way she supports herself on the firm belief that Allah loves and protects her.
Hermaphrodites and the medical invention of sex
Youth with gender issues : seeking an identity
The Praeger handbook of transsexuality : changing gender to match mindset
The psychobiology of transsexualism and transgenderism : a new view based on scientific evidence
Jess Goldberg decides to come out as a butch in the bars and factories of the prefeminist '60s and then to pass as a man in order to survive when she is left without work or a community in the early '70s.
The transgender studies reader
Pitfalls in research on sex and gender
Explore an ecological strength-based framework for the treatment of gender-variant clients.This comprehensive book provides you with a clinical and theoretical overview of the issues facing transgendered/transsexual people and their families. Transgender Emergence: Therapeutic Guidelines for Working with Gender-Variant People and Their Families views assessment and treatment through a nonpathologizing lens that honors human diversity and acknowledges the role of oppression in the developmental process of gender identity formation. Specific sections of Transgender Emergence: Therapeutic Guidelines for Working with Gender-Variant People and Their Families address the needs of gender-variant people as well as transgender children and youth. The issues facing gender-variant populations who have not been the focus of clinical care, such as intersexed people, female-to-male transgendered people, and those who identify as bigendered, are also addressed.
Recognizing Transsexuals draws on interviews with transsexuals at various stages of transition to offer an original account of transsexual embodiment and bodily aesthetics. Exploring the reasons for which transpeople desire to modify their bodies, it moves away from the focus on gender that characterizes much work on transpeople's embodiment, to investigate the concept of bodily aesthetics. Recent legislation allowing transsexuals to apply for gender recognition provides the context in which transpeople challenge the conventional understandings of what it means to be men and women. The book examines key approaches to recognizing transsexualism from within a variety of fields and considers transsexuals' bodies, body projects and embodiment in relation to personal, political and medico-legal fields. It explores the ways in which transpeople's bodily aesthetics affect social relations - such as sexual relations, acceptance by others and their families - whilst also considering contemporary political trans community organizations and their public representation of trans-bodies. Recognizing Transsexuals is the first sociological examination of how the bodies of transpeople are figured and reconfigured in socio, politico and medico-legal contexts and considers the impact of these shifts, and will be of interest to those with interests in embodiment, the sociology of law, sexology, medical sociology and gender theory.
Gender diversity : crosscultural variations
Herculine Barbin : being the recently discovered memoirs of a nineteenth-century French hermaphrodite ; introduced by Michel Foucault ; translated by Richard McDougall
Anthropologists and historians have shown us that 'male' and 'female' are variously defined historically and cross-culturally. The contributions to this volume focus on the voluntary and involuntary, temporary or permanent transformation of gender identity. Overall, this volume provides powerful and compelling illustrations of how, across a wide range of cultures, processes of gender transformation are shaped within, and ultimately constrained by, social and political context. From medical responses to biological ambiguity, legal responses to cases brought by transsexuals, the historical role of the eunuch in Byzantium, the social transformation of gender in Northern Albania and in the Southern Philippines, to North American 'drag' shows, English pantomime and Japanese kabuki theatre, this volume offers revealing insights into the ambiguities and limitations of gender transformation.
S/he : changing sex and changing clothes
In this book, a Princeton University-trained physiological psychologist explores dozens of theories about what may spur transsexual and transgender (TSTG) thinking, exposes the myths of fetishism, homosexuality, prenatal hormones, or child rearing as causes, and explains the two causes that are supported by current science. Covering a breadth of topics that include neuroanatomy, choice, psychodynamics, and transsexual transition, author Thomas E. Bevan, PhD, synthesizes the pertinent research regarding transsexualism and transgenderism across 22 scientific disciplines. The book covers various gender systems from antiquity to historical and contemporary cultures that support the biological basis of transsexualism and transgenderism, addresses human development from the time prior to conception through adulthood and potential transsexual transition, and corrects common myths and assumptions about TSTG individuals, such as that crossdressing is basically motivated by a desire for sexual arousal. The book also includes sections that cite definitions of key terms and identify related reading, organizations for support, and current TSTG events worldwide.
Whipping girl : a transsexual woman on sexism and the scapegoating of femininity
The field of "transgender" and "transpositionality" has been carved out as a new field of inquiry in the past decade, showing the fragmentation and diversification of masculinities and feminities - along with the error of any sharp polarisation. Dave King and Richard Ekins are the leading world sociologists in this field and have mined it richly since the 1970's. The book brings together a brilliant synthesis of history, case studies, ideas and positions as they have emerged over the past thirty years, and brings together a rich but always grounded account of this field, providing a state of the art of critical concepts and ideas to take this field further during the twenty first century. This is a must read for all interested in this new area of inquiry.
The crying game
Bisexuality : the psychology and politics of an invisible minority
The transgender debate : the crisis surrounding gender identity
Transmen and FTMs : identities, bodies, genders, and sexualities
Stone butch blues : a novel
Social work practice with lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender people
Women who become men : Albanian sworn virgins
Coping with heteronormativity in higher education : sexual and gender minorities at work
A one-stop, no-nonsense introduction to the core of postmodern theory, particularly its impact on queer and gender studies. Nationally known gender activist Riki Wilchins combines straightforward prose with concrete examples from LGBT and feminist politics, as well as her own life, to guide the reader through the ideas that have forever altered our understanding of bodies, sex and desire. This is that rare postmodern theory book that combines accessibility, passion, personal experience and applied politics, noting at every turn why these ideas matter and how they can affect your daily life.
As normal as possible : negotiating sexuality and gender in mainland China and Hong Kong
Transsexualism in Europe
Gender outlaw : on men, women and the rest of us
Horsexe : essay on transsexuality
Teaching, affirming, and recognizing trans* and gender creative youth : a queer literacy framework
AsiaPacifiQueer : rethinking genders and sexualities
The other side
How sex changed : a history of transsexuality in the United States
Over the past twenty years, transgender studies has emerged as a vibrant field of interdisciplinary scholarship. In 2006, Routledge's The Transgender Studies Reader brought together the first definitive collection of the field. Since its publication, the field has seen an explosion of new work that has expanded the boundaries of inquiry in many directions. The Transgender Studies Reader 2 gathers these disparate strands of scholarship, and collects them into a format that makes sense for teaching and research. Complementing the first volume, rather than competing with it, The Transgender Studies Reader 2 consists of fifty articles, with a general introduction by the editors, explanatory head notes for each essay, and bibliographical suggestions for further research. Unlike the first volume, which was historically based, tracing the lineage of the field, this volume focuses on recent work and emerging trends. To keep pace with this rapidly changing area, the second reader has a companion website, with images, links to blogs, video, and other material to help supplement the book.
Invisible lives : the erasure of transsexual and transgendered people
Being trans in the European Union : comparative analysis of EU LGBT survey data
FTM: female-to-male transsexuals in society
Travesti : sex, gender, and culture among Brazilian transgendered prostitutes
In a queer time and place : transgender bodies, subcultural lives
Her husband was a woman! : women's gender-crossing in modern British popular culture
Mother Camp : female impersonators in America
Queering Sápmi : indigenous stories beyond the norm
The riddle of gender : science, activism, and transgender rights
Blending genders : social aspects of cross-dressing and sex-changing
A provocative manifesto, Whipping Girl asserts the powerful observations of Julia Serano, a transsexual woman whose supremely intelligent writing reflects her diverse background as a lesbian transgender activist and professional biologist. Serano shares her experiences and observations - both pre- and post-transition - to reveal the ways in which fear, suspicion, and dismissiveness toward femininity shape our societal attitudes toward trans women, as well as gender and sexuality as a whole. Serano's well-honed arguments stem from her ability to bridge the gap between the often-disparate biological and social perspectives on gender. She exposes how deep-rooted the cultural belief is that femininity is frivolous, weak, and passive, and how this "feminine" weakness exists only to attract and appease male desire. In addition to debunking popular misconceptions about transsexuality, Serano makes the case that today's feminists and transgender activists must work to embrace and empower femininity - in all of its wondrous forms.
LGBT studies and queer theory : new conflicts, collaborations, and contested terrain
Gender dysphoria : interdisciplinary approaches in clinical management
Island bodies : transgressive sexualities in the Caribbean imagination
Freaks talk back : tabloid talk shows and sexual nonconformity
Being Conchita : we are unstoppable : as told to Daniel Oliver Bachmann
Empowering elements in the lives of transgender persons
Changing sex and bending gender
An excellent book that treats its subject matter with care and respect, and which encourages critical thinking about the issues discussed. American Journal of Human Biology 2010 In telling her story, Reis has also provided an excellent collection of illustrations. For scholars and medical students, this pleasantly written history provides an opportunity to view examples of these unusual problems. Perspectives in Biology and Medicine 2010 An excellent history of attitudes towards intersex persons from the 17th century onward. Choice 2010 Reis is an engaging writer... informative, engaging, and intersex supportive in tone. It might be most useful as a supplement in a university course on human sexuality or the psychology of gender. It is recommended to anyone interested in the sociological history of intersex, as one of the very few volumes on the subject. PsycCRITIQUES 2010 Offers much-needed voice to the much-silenced lives of intersex Americans... Reis captures their stories as told by a plethora of masculinist and authoritative treatises, including autopsies, legal records, and medical texts, and to a less extent autobiographies. Health and History 2010 Reis's study is useful precisely because of her broad brush-it promises to broaden early Americanists' conversations about sexuality and gender and could serve useful not only in courses on the history of sexuality, but in classes on medicine, gender, the history of bodies, and disability studies. Many important moments in intersex history receive more detailed attention elsewhere, but the author's goals of extending our thinking about intersex to an earlier era and linking often separate moments and issues are well realized in this engrossingly readable overview. Bulletin of the History of Medicine 2010 Bodies in Doubt is a thoughtful contribution to the historical analysis of intersex in the US and provides valuable insights for contemporary debates on the ethics of modern medical management of intersex. This linkage makes it an important read for gender scholars, medical historians and health professionals alike. Medical History 2010 In the end everyone would be well served by a society that accepts, not merely tolerates, ambiguity. Bodies in Doubt is a valuable, important book because it teaches this lesson well. -- James H. Jones Journal of American History 2011 Bodies in Doubt is the first work to present a comprehensive history of the ways that people and institutions have adjudicated the sex status of atypically sexed bodies in the United States. As such, it is a welcome addition to more contemporary studies of intersex and the history of sex/gender more broadly. Reis has meticulously researched a vast range of sources to discern instances in which physical bodies and/or inconsistently gendered behaviors have been the object of scrutiny, puzzlement, and often scorn. Reis' narrative is filled with rich detail and engaging questions that pull the reader along through an accessibly written monograph... One of the strengths of this work is that it presents such a wide range of cases that we can finally see that bodies, and social responses to bodies, really do vary not only across time and place, but even within any given context. -- Anne Enke Reviews in American History 2010 Throughout Bodies in Doubt we can see how the understanding of intersex has reflected contemporary cultural concerns about sex, and abnormality. -- Daniela Crocetti Social History of Medicine 2010 A thoughtful, engaging, and important addition to the growing body of scholarship that explores the interrelated histories of medicine, sex, and gender. -- Kevin Allen Leonard Pacific Historical Review 2010 Bodies in Doubt makes an important contribution to our understanding of early American cultural history. Reis's revelation of the ways that anxieties about perceived violations of sexual borders intersect with anxieties about racial 'mixing' should receive special attention... Reis's treatment of the overlapping medicalization of racial and sexual 'difference' also suggests the number of intersections with which one must reckon in telling the history of the medical management of atypical sex anatomies. -- Ellen K. Feder International Journal of Feminist Approaches to Bioethics 2011 Bodies in Doubt undoubtedly deserves a prominent place in the growing body of literature on intersex history and politics. One of Reis's main achievements is that she places present-day intersex politics in the context of a long and complex cultural history. Moreover, her discussion sheds light on the American history of intersex before the 1950s, a period that has not yet received much critical attention... Reis has unearthed a wealth of new American case histories that not only make for interesting reading but also offer fresh insight into the cultural construction of intersex bodies. Bodies in Doubt is an excellent and highly engaging introduction to the medical and cultural history of intersex. In addition, by raising awareness of the multiple ways in which intersex relates to other markers of human experience such as sexuality, race, or class, Reis invites further investigation and opens up a set of questions that might well prove central to intersex studies in the future. -- Jana Funke GLQ: Journal of Lesbian and Gay Studies 2011
