http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21393 care and education sector
care and education sector upbringing sector
Doing quantitative research in education with SPSS
Professional care and vocation : cultivating ethical sensibilities in teaching
Supporting children's self-esteem in early childhood education: a play booklet for kindergarten teachers
Integrating environmental education in primary school education in Tanzania : teachers' perceptions and teaching practices
Dance in elementary education : a program for boys and girls
Multicultural Education through Expressive Methods in Early Childhood Education
Promoting entrepreneurship studies in practical nurse education  through joint curriculum planning
"This book is an in-depth examination of the growing alignment between powerful global bioindustries and education reform in the U.S. Utilizing a biopolitical methodology, the book focuses on how value-added measures and other neoliberal strategies embedded in policies such as 'race to the top' are involving schools in a project to manage and regulate educational life for competing in a new 'flat world'. Understanding the educational present, this work argues, requires individuals to consider what advanced industrialized nations across the globe are viewing as the future. Biocapitalist development in areas such as genetic engineering, drug therapies, and cellular cloning is the promissory future driving nations like the U.S. to out-compete and out-educate one another at any cost. This book assesses the implications for education in the biocapitalist era and points to alternative futures not based on such a vision of life and its productive potential"--
Communicating effectively : tools for educational leaders
A comparative analysis of curriculum change in primary schools in England and Finland
Education in the age of biocapitalism : optimizing educational life for a flat world
Special education contained in educational magazines and school practice in Bosnia and Herzegovina and Croatia, 1958-1990
Towards creative entrepreneurship
Physical education for children : A focus on the teaching process
International higher education's scholar-practitioners : bridging research and practice
How to prepare your child to primary school
Work Engagement of Kindergarten Teachers
Supporting Children's Self-Esteem in Early Childhood Education : A Play Booklet for Kindergarten Teachers
Validity in educational & psychological assessment
Human Resource Management in Education debates the fundamental question of how far effective human resource management policies can enable schools and colleges to transcend the paradoxes of the global reform agenda. It analyzes the relationship between leadership, the classroom and results, and uses case studies to explore the extent to which performance is enhanced by distributed leadership and constrained by social, political and economic contexts.
Mentoring in education : an international perspective
Ten Commandments in a Child's Everyday Life : A tool for an Educator to Support a Child's Moral Development
Physical education for elementary school children : an illustrated program of activities for kindergarten to grade six
Making the grade : reinventing America's schools
Working through ethics in education and leadership : theory, analysis, plays, cases, poems, prose, and speeches
Lost in practice : transforming Nordic educational action research
Leadership for learning : international perspectives
The Routledge international handbook of educational effectiveness and improvement : research, policy, and practice
Beginning research : a guide for foundation degree students
Language workshop - children "tasting" foreign languages before systematic language teaching in schools
Coaching in education : getting better results for students, educators, and parents
The new institutionalism in education
Counselling in different settings : the reality of practice
Ten commandments in a child's everyday life: a tool for an educator to support a child's moral development
Community-based qualitative research : approaches for education and the social sciences
The expressive arts
A-B-C - shaping alphabets with methods of outdoor and multisensory learning
Teaching for active citizenship : research insights from the fields of teaching moral values and personal epistemology in early years classrooms
There is strong social and political interest in active citizenship and values in education internationally. Active citizenship requires children to experience and internalize moral values for human rights, developing their own opinions and moral responsibility. While investment in young children is recognised as an important factor in the development of citizenship for a cohesive society, less is known about how early years teachers can encourage this in the classroom. This book will present new directions on how teachers can promote children's learning of moral values for citizenship in classrooms. The research provided offers important insights into teaching for active citizenship by: * providing an analysis of educational contexts for moral values for active citizenship * highlighting teachers' beliefs about knowing and knowledge (personal epistemologies) and how these relate to children's learning and understanding about social and moral values * discussing the impact of teachers' beliefs on teaching practices. Evidence suggests that investment in the early years is vital for all learning, and specifically for developing an understanding of active citizenship for tolerant and cohesive societies. This book will be essential reading for the professional education of early years teachers interested in teaching for active citizenship.
Human resource management in education : contexts, themes, and impact
The new physical education for elementary school children
Research, education and environment on the Barents region : papers presented at a seminar in Murmansk, 13 - 14 June 2003
New directions in primary education
Abstract: The main motivating reason behind the topic area of this thesis is the growing number of immigrants and immigrant children in Finland. Multiculturalism is a current phenomenon in todayʼs society and it brings new challenges to early childhood education and care (ECEC). The objective of this thesis was to develop a practical implementation to the worklife partner, aiming at bringing multicultural education as a theme closer to the everyday reality by using expressive methods. The project was conducted in close co-operation with the Helsinki English Language Montessori Preschool. In this report we defined theories considering early childhood education and multicultural education as concepts. Expressive methods being the main methods applied, we introduced some relevant theories in support as part of the theoretical framework. When working with children expressive methods are a low threshold way of bringing the above mentioned themes closer to childrenʼs experience of the world.  The functional part of the implementation was a weeklong project for five-year-old children. Our goal was to raise the childrenʼs world awareness through expressive methods. We were hoping for active participation that would lead to increased self-understanding. Our work-life partner introduced the need for grouping, which then became one of the objectives.  Multicultural education is a current topic, in particular in the field of ECEC and increasing knowledge and skills about multiculturalism among the educators is extremely vital. Our aim was to bring forward the theme of multiculturalism both with the children and with the professionals working with them. During each session of the project multiculturalism was presented to the children in different ways. We hope that our work life partner will be able to use the report as an inspirational tool in the future.  The well planned sessions turned out to be successful, although raising childrenʼs world awareness, self-understanding and grouping are especially large concepts and quite difficult to measure. We were able to create a positive and an inspiring environment for the children that can enhance learning. Some concerns that emerged during the process were the lack of literature on multicultural education and instructions regarding preschoolʼs everyday challenges. We hope that in the future our project will awaken interest, foster further discussion and research about this current fascinating topic.
Abstract: The purpose of this study was to find out the factors of work engagement of kindergarten teachers and the elements of these factors. Work engagement is one part of work well-being. This final thesis was a qualitative study. The method for collecting data was theme interview, which is a qualitative study method. For this study I interviewed five kindergarten teachers. The data were analyzed by thematic analysis. As a theoretical framework I used work engagement, which is divided into three dimensions: vigor, dedication and absorption. Besides these three dimensions, I studied the factors of work engagement of kindergarten teachers from the perspective of job resources, job demands and personal resources. The results of the study contained information of the factors and elements of work engagement of kindergarten teachers that I was able to categorize into five different stages of work engagement: the core of the work, the organizing of work, the communication and management stage, the organizational stage and the personal stage. All of the three dimensions of work engagement clearly emerged from the data. The results of this study lead to a conclusion that the factors and elements of work engagement of kindergarten teachers are versatile. The results of this study might possibly be of help in strengthening the work engagement factors of kindergarten teachers as well as in recognizing the factors that can negatively influence the experience of work engagement of kindergarten teachers. People who are responsible for developing the field of early childhood education might benefit from the results of this study.
Elementary physical education : more than just games
Mentor's professional competences and their expression in supervising students' practice in pre-school educational institutions : summary of doctoral dissertation, social sciences, education science (07S) = Mentoriaus profesinės kompetencijos ir jų raiška vadovaujant studentų praktikai ikimokyklinėje ugdymo institucijoje : daktaro disertacijos santrauka, socialiniai mokslai, edukologija (07S)
Work engagement of kindergarten teachers
An audit of the case study method
An exploration into the applicability of school principals' training on the principals' leadership practices in Finland
Abstract: This functional final thesis was done in co-operation with the Lutheran Evangelical Association of Finland (LEAF). The aim of the thesis was to provide a tool for Sunday school teachers and other educators to support a childʼs moral development. The moral view in the Ten Commandments in a Childʼs Everyday Life curriculum is based on the Bible and Lutheran doctrine about the Ten Commandments. As the main method the curriculum presents ten imaginative stories from the everyday lives of children, giving examples of how the Commandments could be encountered in a childʼs life. In addition, the curriculum provides paper puppets with background scenes and symbol cards to go along with the stories, as well as suggestions for the teachers for songs and crafts.   The theoretical framework of this thesis is the moral development of children. The different parts of the curriculum have been planned to teach the Ten Commandments through methods that are suitable for children under seven years old. The aim of keeping the full Lutheran Catechismal form of the Commandments set a real challenge for the curriculum targeting children of a wide age range. Therefore, the curriculum was developed even further during the process of the thesis to better meet the developmental needs of different age groups.   The product was tested in two testing rounds in several different groups: in the first round in a LEAFʼs family camp and in one Sunday school group, in the second round in two LEAFʼs Sunday school groups. Based on the feedback received from the second round of testing, the material was found to be supportive for the moral development of children. However, the whole extent of the curriculum was not tested in the second round. Therefore, the feedback cannot be fully applied to the material.   The tool also received developmental ideas that were not implemented as a part of this thesis process. However, these ideas can be used as the starting point for further development in the future. The feedback gave ideas for how the curriculum could be developed to make it even more suitable for the youngest children in the group. Ideas were also given to make the material more organized and manageable for such a short lesson time.
Conceptions of culture : what multicultural educators need to know
Physical education in primary schools
The role of research in educational improvement
Collaboration between non-governmental organizations and educational leaders in capacity development in rural South Africa
Action learning and action research : songlines through interviews
Education about and through technology : in search of more appropriate pedagogical approaches to technology education
Co-operation, learning and co-operative values : contemporary issues in education
Education policy in the media : public discourses on education
A teacher's quide to elememtary school physical education
New arenas of education governance : the impact of international organizations and markets on educational policy making
3D Immersive and Interactive Learning
Collaboration in education
Managing early years settings : supporting and leading teams
Management theories for educational change
The idea of the professional who bridges both research and practice has been largely overlooked and at times even disregarded by the academic and administrative structures that govern activity in higher education today. In international higher education, the number of students who now engage in mobility and exchange has expanded globally, along with the administrative cadre that manages all facets of internationalization, and the quickly growing scholarly attention to understanding the phenomenon. In this process, two distinct professional categories have emerged: those who 'study it' and those who 'do it' - the scholars and the practitioners. Practitioners are seen as those who manage the daily logistical flow of students and personnel around the globe, while scholars are seen as those who conduct research, collect and analyze data, and publish findings to inform, improve, and justify the activity. Yet this dichotomy is overly simplistic, outdated, and excludes the large and growing class of hybrid scholar-practitioners who now engage regularly in both kinds of activity. It is this rapidly growing population of bridge builders that are profiled and discussed in this book through critical essays on the notion of the scholar-practitioner and its implication for the further development of international higher education. The chapters include detailed analyses from university faculty, senior international officers and other high-level administrators, directors of research centers, key leaders from influential professional associations and private organizations, managers of study abroad and exchange, and graduate students. This book launches a much-needed dialogue about the perception and reality, potential and promise, of the scholar-practitioner in higher education today. It will be of relevance to a wide variety of readers, from those within universities and organizations to those who are outside observers of higher education.
Not goats ... children! : tactical tips from a teacher
The cyclopedic education dictionary
Conceptual foundations : the bridge to professional nursing practise
Leading and managing in the early years
Dynamic physical education for elementary school children
Summary.
Go where you belong : male teachers as cultural workers in the lives of children, families, and communities
Developmental gymnastics : building physical skills for children
Primary special needs and the national curriculum
Teaching by numbers : deconstructing the discourse of standards and accountability in education
Key concepts in education
Special educational needs in the primary school : a practical guide
The rise of data in education systems : collection, visualization and uses
AS film studies : the essential introduction
Experiences in movement : physical education for the elementary school child
Doing your education research project
Leading learning : making hope practical in schools
The future of education in Latin America and the Caribbean ; translation into english: William Gallagher
Mentoring - coaching : a guide for education professionals
Essential websites for educational leaders in the 21st century
Researching education from the inside : investigations from within
Readings in primary art education
Abstract: The purpose of our study was to increase kindergarten teachersʼ awareness of the importance of supporting childrenʼs self-esteem by creating a play booklet.  We made a functional thesis that consists of a report and a concrete product, a booklet for kindergarten teachers. The subject was discussed with our working-life partner, Helsinki Cityʼs kindergarten, since we wanted to work along their wishes. Based on Michele Borbaʼs self-esteem model we chose five activities that aim to support the different elements of self-esteem of children aged four to five years. When planning the activities we took into consideration this age groupʼs self-esteem, motor and social skills development. To guarantee the functionality of the activities we tested them with our working-life partner. One of the evaluation methods was to gather feedback of the booklet from our working-life partner and one other kindergarten. The idea is that the booklet can be adapted to every kindergartenʼs daily routines and to the kindergarten teachersʼ different ways of working. Ideally each of the activities would be organized with the same group of children and the bookletʼs order of the activities would be followed. This secures the development of self-esteem will be approached holistically.  The chosen theoretical framework successfully supports the booklet and its activities. We managed to create a well-functioning booklet that can be applied to kindergarten teachersʼ various ways of working. With this study we did not evaluate how the activities affect childrenʼs self-esteem, and thus it would be meaningful to conduct a further study about it.
Understanding educational leadership : organizational and interpersonal perspectives
Magnetic metal : toward a model for satisfaction of education and career in vocational upper secondary education and training of machinery and metal technology in the Lahti region
3D technology is not new; research on 3D started back in early 1960s. But unlike in previous times, 3D technology has now rapidly entered our daily life from cinema to office to home. Using 3D for education is a new yet challenging task. This book will present several innovative efforts using 3D for immersive and interactive learning covering a wide spectrum of education including gifted program, normal (technical) stream, and special needs education. The book will also share experience on curriculum-based 3D learning in classroom setting and co-curriculum-based 3D student research projects. The book is organized as follows. Chapter 1 introduces the fundamentals of 3D educational technology and their applications in immersive and interactive learning. Chapter 2 discusses the use of virtual reality in teaching and learning of Molecular Biology. Chapter 3 presents the daVinci Lab @ River Valley High School. Chapter 4 describes the 3D education development process. Chapter 5 studies the adaption 3D system for learning gains in lower secondary normal (technical) stream. Chapter 6 investigates the effects of virtual reality technology on spatial visualization skills. Chapter 7 showcases a sabbatical program for students to use 3D for Science, Technology, Engineering and Mathematics (STEM) learning. Chapter 8 shares the use of 3D virtual pink dolphin to assist special education. The foreword of this book is written by Dr Cheah Horn Mun, Director, Education Technology Division, Ministry of Education, Singapore.
The Sage handbook of mentoring and coaching in education
Education experts' perceptions of the Ghanaian language policy and its implementation
Elementary physical education : A developmental approach
Facilitating practitioner research : developing transformational partnerships
Mental hygiene in teaching
Analysis and development of media education solutions for pre- and primary schoolers in Pirkanmaa’s libraries
Holistic learning and spirituality in education : breaking new ground
Magic beans : a material package for teaching English through storytelling and creative drama in primary school
Leading learning : process, themes and issues in international contexts
Routledge international companion to education
The Facts On File dictionary of education
Measuring up : what educational testing really tells us
