http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21376 races and breeds
races and breeds
Human races
Mga anak ng araw : bakit iba-iba ang kulay ng mga lahi = Children of the sun : why different races have different colors
Race and ethnicity : the key concepts
Improving the quality of dry-cured sausages using pork from rustic breeds
Hamsterlopaedia : a complete guide to hamster care
A keen eye : fact and folklore on scottish highland cattle
The passing of the great race : or The racial basis of European history
This is race : an anthology selected from the international literature on the races of man
Encyclopedia of the horse
The hungarian grey cattle breed : a technical publication
Queen of nowhere
Rabbit production
The objective of this study was to determine beef production traits of purebred Holstein-Friesian (Hol) and Hol×beef breed crossbred bulls. The data collected from slaughterhouses included observations of 87323 purebred Hol, 783 Hol×Aberdeen angus (Hol×Ab), 621 Hol×Blonde d'Aquitaine (Hol×Ba), 562 Hol×Charolais (Hol×Ch), 349 Hol×Hereford (Hol×Hf), 1691 Hol×Limousin (Hol×Li) and 570 Hol×Simmental (Hol×Si) bulls. For estimating valuable cuttings also a separate dataset was collected and included observations of 8806 purebred Hol, 57 Hol×Ab, 29 Hol×Ba, 22 Hol×Ch, 15 Hol×Hf, 111 Hol×Li and 58 Hol×Si bulls. Crossbreeding Hol cows with late maturing breeds (Ba, Ch, Li, Si) had favorable effects on carcass gain, conformation and proportion of high value joints of the progeny when compared to purebred Hol bulls. No advantages in proportion of valuable cuttings seemed to be obtained by crossbreeding with Ab or Hf breeds, while the improvements in gain and conformation were intermediate compared to the late maturing crossbreds.
"A gripping tale of racial cleansing in Forsyth County, Georgia and ... testament to the deep roots of racial violence in America ... Patrick Phillips breaks the century-long silence of his hometown and uncovers a history of racial terrorism that continues to shape America in the twenty-first century."
Pigs : a handbook to the breeds of the world
Caged warrior
The effects of pig breed (Large White and Landrace) in combination with muscle type (M. semimembranosus and M. longissimus dorsi) on T45min, T24h, pH45min, pH24h, colour (CIEL*a*b* values), water-holding capacity (filter paper press method: ratio of the area of pressed meat film - M and the wet area on the filter paper - T; M/T value) and moisture, protein, total fat and total ash content were investigated. Interaction effect between breed and muscle was not found (p>0.05) for any parameter. The T45min, T24h, pH45min, and M/T value were influenced by the muscle, whereas T24h was also influenced by the breed. The pH45min was higher (p<0.01) and water-holding capacity was better (p<0.001) in M. semimembranosus muscle than in M. longissimus dorsi muscle. Based on the criteria for CIEL* and M/T values, pork meat was classified into seven technological quality classes. The percentages of pale and exudative, reddish-pink and exudative, and reddish-pink and non-exudative pork were 23.5, 26.5, and 27.7%, respectively. Composition was in the characteristic range for modern lean pigs.
The complete book of the horse
Coefficients of relationship and inbreeding among Finnish Ayrshire and Holstein-Friesian
Positive measures designed to eradicate all incitement to, or acts of, racial discrimination : article 4 : implementation of the International Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Racial Discrimination
Race matters
Sight unseen : whiteness and American visual culture
The Beyoncé effect : essays on sexuality, race and feminism
Creating an integrated society and recognising differences : the role and limits of human rights, with special reference to Europe
Race, intelligence and education
Small world
The complete dog book : a comprehensive, practical care and training manual and a definitive encyclopedia of world breeds
Horse breeds of the world : illustrated encyclopedia
No future without forgiveness
How to look after your pet cat : practical guide to caring for your pet, in step-by-step photographs
Race and photography : racial photography as scientific evidence, 1876 - 1980
The Clan of the Black Man : A History of the Black Race
Persian cat
Norway, Sweden, and Denmark are home to more than 90,000 transnational adoptees of Scandinavian parents raised in a predominantly white environment. This ethnography provides a unique perspective on how these transracial adoptees conceptualize and construct their sense of identity along the intersection of ethnicity, family, and national lines.
The Negro in Brazilian society
Since her late-1990s debut as a member of the R&B trio Destiny's Child, Beyonce Knowles has garnered both praise and criticism. While some consider her an icon of female empowerment, others see her as detrimental to feminism and representing a negative image of women of color. Her music has a decidedly pop aesthetic, yet her power-house vocals and lyrics focused on issues like feminine independence, healthy sexuality and post partum depression give her songs dimension and substance beyond typical pop fare. This collection of new essays presents a detailed study of the music and persona of Beyonce-arguably the world's biggest pop star. Topics include: the body politics of respectability; feminism, empowerment and gender in Beyonce's lyrics; black female pleasure; and the changing face of celebrity motherhood.
Effect of breed on production, carcass traits and meat quality of Aberdeen Angus, Limousin and Aberdeen Angus×Limousin bulls offered a grass silage-grain-based diet
They say: oh, it's a foreigner who made trouble
European landraces : on-farm conservation, management and use / M. Veteläinen, V. Negri, N. Maxted (eds.)
50 quick dog breeds
Playing God
Born to run
Realism and otherness in the science fiction film District 9
Poor pretty Eddie
The labrador retriever handbook
Caring for dogs and puppies
Technological quality and composition of the M. semimembranosus and M. longissimus dorsi from Large White and Landrace Pigs
Go set a watchman
Keeping chickens : the essential guide for first-time keepers
Racial justice : the superficial morality of colour-blindness in the United States
The illustrated guide to pigs : how to choose them - how to keep them
"A woman and her husband admitted to a hospital to have a baby requests that their nurse be reassigned - they are white supremacists and don't want Ruth, who is black, to touch their baby. The hospital complies, but the baby later goes into cardiac distress when Ruth is on duty. She hesitates before rushing in to perform CPR. When her indecision ends in tragedy, Ruth finds herself on trial, represented by a white public defender who warns against bringing race into a courtroom. As the two come to develop a truer understanding of each other's lives, they begin to doubt the beliefs they each hold most dear"--
Affectivity and race : studies from Nordic contexts
Blood at the root : a racial cleansing in America
Small world : Realms
Also they have a meaning
New dimensions of diversity in Nordic culture and society
Races of Africa
The "racial" economy of science : toward a democratic future
Mini encyclopedia of rabbit breeds & care : a guide to caring your rabbit
Finlandia : the racial composition, the language and a brief history of the Finnish people
The biology of race
The objective of the present study was to determine growth and carcass traits of beef breed bulls and heifers in the Finnish beef cattle population. The data collected from Finnish slaughterhouses included observations of 6323 and 2385 Hereford (bulls and heifers, respectively), 4421 and 1794 Charolais, 4335 and 1951 Limousin, 4068 and 1692 Aberdeen Angus, 2151 and 774 Simmental, 344 and 147 Blonde d'Aquitaine animals. For estimating valuable cuttings, a separate dataset including in total 1112 bulls and 260 heifers was also collected. Significant breed differences were observed in growth performance, carcass traits and retail product yield. The later maturing, Continental beef breeds seem to reach higher carcass gains, produce less fat and have more valuable cuts than the earlier maturing British beef breeds. The later maturing beef breeds tend to have carcass traits that suit well in the Finnish beef production system.
Composition and cross-sectional area of muscle fibre types in relation to daily gain and lean and fat content of carcass in Landrace and Yorkshire pigs
Race and ethnicity in Latin American history
The objective of this study was to determine beef production traits of purebred Nordic Red (NR), Holstein-Friesian (Hol), Eastern Finncattle (EF), Northern Finncattle (NF) and Western Finncattle (WF) bulls. The data collected from slaughterhouses included observations of 164 862 NR, 87 323 Hol, 283 EF, 523 NF and 1 728 WF bulls. For estimating valuable cuttings also a separate dataset was collected including observations of 16 036 NR, 8 806 Hol, 18 EF, 126 NF, and 133 WF bulls. NR and Hol had the highest carcass gain (532 and 542 g d-1, respectively). Overall, the data showed poorer gain of the Finnish native breeds compared to NR and Hol. Among the native breeds, WF (427 g d-1) showed better growth compared to EF (356 g d-1) and NF (385 g d-1).  Less differences were observed in valuable cuttings as might be inferred based on the differences in carcass conformation scores.
Recent developments in sequencing methods have enabled whole genome sequencing of several species and the available sequence information has allowed the development of high throughput genotyping chips. However, these genotyping methods require high quality DNA. The possibility to genotype samples based on DNA from non-invasive sources would permit retrospective genotyping of previously collected samples and also facilitate the analysis of large populations e.g. for genomic selection. In this study we have developed and evaluated different DNA preparation methods from porcine hair root follicles for high throughput genotyping with the PorcineSNP60 Genotyping BeadChip (Illumina). We describe a method for DNA extraction from porcine hair root samples, which produces results from high throughput genotyping with the same high degree of accuracy as previously reported for DNA extracted from sperm, blood or tissue samples. This method was used for the genotyping of 273 hair follicle samples. When the DNA concentration was > 30 ng/µl all samples had the same high call rate ( > 99%) as sperm samples confirming the robustness of this DNA extraction method for high throughput genotyping. Our data also establishes the suitability of the PorcineSNP60 BeadChip for genotyping the Finnish Landrace population.
Race, power and resistance
This text stresses institutional and cultural themes-rather than individual racial/ethnic categories-allowing students to grapple with the complexities of race, privilege, and racism within broad historical and sociological contexts.
Production, carcass characteristics and valuable cuts of beef breed bulls and heifers in Finnish beef cattle population
Constructing transnational and transracial identity : adoption and belonging in Sweden, Norway, and Denmark
Cattle : a handbook to the breeds of the world
The Negro in the United States
The idea of race
This book presents new empirical studies of social difference in the Nordic welfare states, in order to advance novel theoretical perspectives on the everyday practices and macro-politics of race and gender in multi-ethnic societies. With attention to the specific political and cultural landscapes of the Nordic countries, Affectivity and Race draws on a variety of sources, including television programmes, news media, fictional literature, interviews, ethnographic observations, teaching curricula and policy documents, to explore the ways in which ideas about affectivity and emotion afford new insights into the experience of racial difference and the unfolding of political discourses on race in various social spheres. Organised around the themes of the politicisation of race through affect, the way that race produces affect and the affective experience of race, this interdisciplinary collection sheds light on the role of feelings in the formation of subjectivities, how race and whiteness are affectively circulated in public life and the ways in which emotions contribute to regimes of inclusion and exclusion. As such it will appeal to scholars across the social sciences, with interests in sociology, anthropology, media, literary and cultural studies, race and ethnicity, and Nordic studies.
Star Trek and history : race-ing toward a white future
Natchez burning
The ultimate horse book
Freedom and necessity : an introduction to the study of society
Colonialist photography : imag(in)ing race and place
Little book of horses
Race, crime and resistance
Race and IQ
Red, white, and Black : the peoples of early North America
Know your cattle
This was the old chief's country
The Oxford handbook of Shakespeare and embodiment : gender, sexuality, and race
All involved : a novel
The Kennel club's illustrated breed standards : the official guide to registered breeds
Peoples of the world in colour
Comparison of different DNA extraction methods from hair root follicles to genotype Finnish Landrace boars with the Illumina PorcineSNP60 BeadChip
Colour of subcutaneous adipose tissue and colour and tenderness of the longissimus thoracis et lumborum muscle from Holstein-Friesian, Norwegian RedxHolstein-Friesian and JerseyxHolstein-Friesian cattle slaughtered at two live weights as bulls or steers
Cattle breeds : an encyclopedia
Race and social difference : selected readings
Prejudice, ethnocentrism and racism
To kill a mockingbird
An endeavor by Harlem dancers to achieve equality : the recognition of the Harlem-based African-American jazz dance between 1921 and 1943
A comparison of Nordic Red, Holstein-Friesian and Finnish native cattle bulls for beef production and carcass traits : research notes
"The timeliness and utility of this large interdisciplinary reader on the relation of Western science to other cultures and to world history can hardly be overemphasized. It provides a tremendous resource for teaching and for research..." -- Ethics
New sheep breeds in Canada
Whiteness and morality : pursuing Rracial Justice Through Reparations and Sovereignty
Dogs : 101 adorable breeds
Know more sheep
Small great things : a novel
International encyclopedia of horse breeds
Horse breeds of the world
The use of pork from rustic pig breeds was tested to improve the quality of dry-cured fermented sausages. The quality of a salchichon/salami-type sausage manufactured with pork from Chato Murciano breed (CM) and Early White pig (EW) (Large White x Landrace breed) was compared. CM pork improved several quality characteristics of dry-cured fermented sausage. Significant (p . 0.05) differences between mean CM and EW values were found for total lipids, ash, collagen, water activity, total acidity, CIELab colour, proteolysis, fat acidity, fatty acid profile, total viable counts, lactic acid bacteria, Micrococacceae, moulds and yeasts, colour, odour, flavour, fattiness and acceptance. CM mainly intensified the reddening of sausage cuts and increased monounsaturated acids in fat. Acceptance was also better for CM, although odour and flavour were only slightly improved. The production of high-quality specialities of dry-cured meat products can contribute to the sustainable production of CM and similar rustic pig breeds, maintaining the genetic diversity of pig species.
Falling
Confronting the fortress : black and migrant women in the European Union : working papers
The majesty of the horse
Recognizing race and ethnicity : power, privilege, and inequality
The 'R' word : racism
The majesty of the horse : an illustrated history
A theory of race
Apartheid : a documentary study of modern South Africa
Heredity, race and society
Image of migration in Western Europe in 1990s
Boxer : your happy healthy pet
Harper's illustrated handbook of cats
The objective of the experiment was to study the performance, carcass traits and meat quality of purebred Aberdeen Angus (Ab) and Limousin (Li) bulls and Ab×Li crossbred bulls offered grass silage-grain-based rations and raised to heavy carcass weights. The experiment included eight bulls in all breed groups. The average slaughter age for all breeds was 540 days and the mean carcass weights for the Ab, Ab×Li and Li bulls were 391, 399 and 439 kg, respectively. Significant breed differences in carcass traits and meat quality were observed. The Limousin bulls tended to achieve a higher conformation score, produced less fat and had a higher percentage of valuable cuts compared with the Aberdeen Angus bulls. The crossbred Ab×Li bulls produced better conformed carcasses and a higher share of the rounds compared to the pure Ab bulls which indicate that this type of crossbreeding can enhance beef production under the studied conditions.
Dictionary of race and ethnic relations
Cat breeds : facts, figures and profiles of over 80 breeds
Map of Ireland : a novel
The field guide to chickens
The complete guide to the cat
The guide to owning a birman cat
Giant book of the dog
Nobody : casualties of America's war on the vulnerable, from Ferguson to Flint and beyond
Race relations
Little book of cats
Black boy
The dog breed bible
The illustrated guide to dog breeds
Encyclopedia of dog breeds
Cat breeds : facts, figures ans profiles of over 80 breeds
Digging for Hitler : the Nazi archaeologists search for an Aryan past
The encyclopedia of the cat
The complete dog book : the care, handling, and feeding of dogs and pure bred dogs : the recognized breeds and standards
The River Cottage chicken & eggs handbook
Man's most dangerous myth: the wallace of race
Know your sheep
The passing of the great race : or the racial basis of European history
Welsh corgis : pembroke and cardigan
DLS and Arcott sheep : new Canadian breeds
Molecular characterisation of genetic resources in cattle and sheep for preserving breeding options
Ethnic and racial consciousness
Meat quality traits for Holstein-Friesian (HF), Norwegian Red × Holstein-Friesian (NR) and Jersey × Holstein-Friesian (JE) cattle reared to slaughter as two genders (bulls and steers) and 2 slaughter weights (570 kg and 640 kg) were compared. Adipose tissue from JE was more yellow (p<0.05) than HF or NR which were similar. There was no difference between breeds and no breed-related interactions for chemical composition, cook loss or instrumental tenderness of longissimus thoracis et lumborum muscle (LT). When adjusted for differences in lipid concentration, LT from NR-sired animals tended to be less red (p=0.058) and LT from JE-sired animals had a lower hue (p<0.05). Substitution of NR or JE for HF sires in the dairy herd will not have important effects on LT characteristics in the production systems examined but the more yellow carcasses from JE-sired cattle may limit their suitability for markets with a carcass fat colour specification.
A comparison of purebred Holstein-Friesian and Holstein-Friesian × beef breed bulls for beef production and carcass traits
The working whippet
The midwife of Hope River : a novel
Writing and race
The varieties of man : an introduction to human races
Comprehensive mini encyclopedia provides rabbit owners with all they need to choose and maintain a healthy and happy pet.
The eye of the leopard
The complete dog breed book
The bluest eye
The Ku Klux Klan in the Southwest
Sycamore row : a novel
Negroes in American society
In 1959 Virginia, Sarah, a black student who is one of the first to attend a newly integrated school, forces Linda, a white integration opponent's daughter, to confront harsh truths when they work together on a school project.
Every dog : the ultimate guide to over 450 dog breeds
Patterns of race in the Americas
A troublesome inheritance : genes, race and human history
Cocker spaniels : everything about purchase, care, nutrition, behavior and training
Cardigan welsh corgi
The help
Origin and maintenance of genetic diversity in northern European sheep
Identifying dog breeds : the new compact study guide and identifier
Americanah
Atlas of dog breeds of the world
German Shepherd Dog : your happy healthy pet
Ten blocks from the White House : anatomy of the Washington riots of 1968
The sun between their feet
The ultimate guide to dog breeds
I love ponies : a first pony guide
Your purebred puppy : a buyer's guide
A new owner's guide to Staffordshire bull terriers
Racial domination, racial progress : the sociology of race in America
Dog breeds of the world : illustrated encyclopedia
The illustrated guide to horse breeds : an expert guide to over 80 top horse and pony breeds from around the world, shown in 350 photographs
Cattle breeds of the world : genus Bos
In search of a postcategorical utopia : James Baldwin and the politics of 'race' and sexuality
