http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2130 regression analysis
regression analysis
This book introduces using R for data mining. Data mining techniques are widely used in government agencies, banks, insurance, retail, telecom, medicine and research. Recently, there is an increasing tendency to do data mining with R, a free software environment for statistical computing and graphics. According to a poll by KDnuggets.com in early 2011, R is the 2nd popular tool for data mining work. By introducing using R for data mining, this book will have a broad audience from both academia and industry. It targets researchers in the field of data mining, postgraduate students.
On the biased estimation in regression : studies on ridge-type estimation
On the efficiency of OLS in a partitioned linear model
Modern regression techniques using R : a practical guide for students and researchers
Business statistics : a multimedia guide to concepts and applications
Residuals and influence in regression
Applied regression analysis and experimental design
The density of Picea abies [L.] Karst. regeneration on different microsites, the quantity and quality of woody microsites, and seedling occurrence probability on stumps and fallen deadwood were studied in a subalpine forest that has been under protection for approximately 30-40 years (Gorce Mountains in the western Carpathians). Thirty percent of seedlings and 29% of saplings grew on stumps and fallen deadwood, while the remaining regeneration occurred on soil surface and mounds created by uprooted trees. The occurrence probability of Picea seedlings on fallen deadwood increased with deadwood diameter and decay stage and with the volume of living trees, and decreased with increased density of living trees, sapling density, and land slope. Furthermore, seedlings were more likely to grow on stumps with a greater diameter and in plots with higher sapling density, but less likely to grow on higher stumps. Stumps and fallen deadwood covered about 4% of the forest floor, but the material that is most important for promoting regeneration (strongly decomposed logs and those of a diameter exceeding 30 cm) took up only about 22 m2 ha-1. We have concluded that in a subalpine forest that has been protected for 30-40 years regeneration processes take place mostly on soil surface and stumps. The role of fallen deadwood increases over time as a greater number of suitable logs (in terms of size and decay stage) become available..
Exercises in regression analysis and related matrix theory. 2
Regression analysis and its application : a data-oriented approach
"This second edition of Hilbe's Negative Binomial Regression is a substantial enhancement to the popular first edition. The only text devoted entirely to the negative binomial model and its many variations, nearly every model discussed in the literature is addressed. The theoretical and distributional background of each model is discussed, together with examples of their construction, application, interpretation, and evaluation. Complete Stata and R code are provided throughout the text, with additional code (plus SAS), derivations, and data provided on the book's website. Written for the practicing researcher, the text begins with an examination of risk and rate ratios, and of the estimating algorithms used to model count data. The book then gives an in-depth analysis of Poisson regression and an evaluation of the meaning and nature of overdispersion, followed by a comprehensive analysis of the negative binomial distribution and of its parameterizations into various models for evaluating count data"--
Growth curve analysis and visualization using R
Poverty, inequality and the Finnish 1860s famine
Local polynomial modelling and its applications
Statistical analysis of financial data in S-PLUS
Multiple and generalized nonparametric regression
Applied statistics : analysis of variance and regression
Bayesian methods for nonlinear classification and regression
"Written by two established experts in the field, the purpose of this handbook is to provide a practical, one-stop reference on regression analysis. The focus is on the tools that both practitioners and researchers use in real life. It is intended to be a comprehensive collection of the theory, methods, and applications of the subject matter, but it is deliberately written at an accessible level. The handbook will provide a quick and convenient reference or "refresher" on ideas and methods that are useful for the accurate analysis of data and its resulting interpretations. Students can use the book as an introduction to and/or summary of key concepts in regression and related course work (such as linear, nonlinear, and nonparametric regressions). Plentiful references are supplied for the more motivated readers. Theory is presented when necessary, and always supplemented by hands-on examples. Software routines are available via an author-maintained web site"--
Practical guide to logistic regression
Regression analysis with two mixed forms of heteroscedasticity
Analysis of variance, design and regression : applied statistical methods
Solutions manuals to accompany Modern regression methods
Ownership structure and productivity in Russian companies
Applied multilevel analysis
Measuring intellectual caoital in Finland and Spain : the efficiency of intellectual capital and company performance
Regression analysis : statistical modeling of a response variable
Multiple regression and beyond : an introduction to multiple regression and structural equation modeling
Regression with dummy variables
Formulas useful for linear regression analysis and related matrix theory : it's only formulas but we like them
A second course in statistics : regression analysis
Applied linear regression models
Sensitivity analysis in linear regression
Nonparametric regression methods for longitudinal data analysis : [mixed-effects modeling approaches]
Spruce regeneration on woody microsites in a subalpine forest in the western Carpathians
Modern regression methods
Regression analysis with applications
Best practices in logistic regression
Public-private sector pay gaps in Finland: A quantile regression analysis
Regression analysis by example
Understanding regression assumptions
Bulk density of forested mineral soils
Probability and statistics for engineers and scientists
An introduction to regression and correlation
The linear regression model under test
Essentials of business statistics
Applied regression analysis and other multivariable methods
Methods and applications of linear models : regression and the analysis of variance
Ready, set, go! : a student guide to SPSS® 13.0 and 14.0 for Windows®
Even you can learn statistics : a guide for everyone who has ever been afraid of statistics
"Providing a coherent set of basic methodology for applied linear regression without being encyclopedic, the fourth edition of Applied Linear Regression is thoroughly updated to help students master the theory and applications of linear regression modeling. Focusing on model building, assessing fit and reliability, and drawing conclusions, the text demonstrates how to develop estimation, confidence, and testing procedures primarily through the use of least squares regression. To facilitate quick learning, this updated edition stresses the use of graphical methods in an effort to find appropriate models and to better understand them"--
Regression models for categorical and limited dependent variables
Testing for unit roots in time series with level shifts
Multiple regression in practice
Novel regression methods for spectral data
Formulas useful for regression analysis and related matrix theory
The interpretation of multiple observations
Regression models : censored, sample-selected, or truncated data
Applied multivariate data analysis. Vol. 1, Regression and experimental design
Some comments on "Simple forms of the best linear unbiased predictor in the general linear regression model" by Silvia N. Elian
Recent advances in regression methods
Applied regression analysis
Distribution-free statistical methods
"This Third Edition continues to focus on applications and interpretation of results from fitting regression models to categorical response variables" -- Publisher's description.
Nonlinear statistical models
Bayesian and frequentist regression methods
Examples of the use of Survo in teaching regression concepts
Sequential data in biological experiments : an introduction for research workers
R and Data Mining : Examples and Case Studies
Local models for forest canopy cover with beta regression
Multiple Regression and Beyond offers a conceptually oriented introduction to multiple regression (MR) analysis and structural equation modeling (SEM), along with analyses that flow naturally from those methods. By focusing on the concepts and purposes of MR and related methods, rather than the derivation and calculation of formulae, this book introduces material to students more clearly, and in a less threatening way. In addition to illuminating content necessary for coursework, the accessibility of this approach means students are more likely to be able to conduct research using MR or SEM--a.
Optimal designs for prediction in random coefficient regression models
Solutions manual to accompany Applied logistic regression
Regression analysis : theory, methods, and applications
Linear regression analysis
Variable importance and regression modelling
"A new edition of the definitive guide to logistic regression modeling for health science and other applicationsThis thoroughly expanded Third Edition provides an easily accessible introduction to the logistic regression (LR) model and highlights the power of this model by examining the relationship between a dichotomous outcome and a set of covariables. Applied Logistic Regression, Third Edition emphasizes applications in the health sciences and handpicks topics that best suit the use of modern statistical software. The book provides readers with state-of-the-art techniques for building, interpreting, and assessing the performance of LR models. New and updated features include: A chapter on the analysis of correlated outcome data. A wealth of additional material for topics ranging from Bayesian methods to assessing model fit Rich data sets from real-world studies that demonstrate each method under discussion. Detailed examples and interpretation of the presented results as well as exercises throughout Applied Logistic Regression, Third Edition is a must-have guide for professionals and researchers who need to model nominal or ordinal scaled outcome variables in public health, medicine, and the social sciences as well as a wide range of other fields and disciplines"--
Regression basics
"Accessible to quantitative psychology researchers, this book introduces growth curve analysis (GCA) methods for applications in the behavioral sciences. It introduces the challenges involved with this type of data, discusses the basics of GCA, and explains how the methods can be used to analyze the data. The book takes a very practical approach, emphasizing visualization and keeping mathematical details to a minimum. It includes many real data examples from cognitive science and social psychology and integrates R code for the implementation of the methods"--
The coordinate-free approach to linear models
Regression modeling strategies : with applications to linear models, logistic and ordinal regression and survival analysis
Probability and statistics for finance
Regression and mediation analysis using Mplus
Fixed effects regression models
Statistical analysis of designed experiments
Econometric analysis of count data
Plots, transformations, and regression : an introduction to graphical methods of diagnostic regression analysis
Data analysis using regression and multilevel/hierarchical models
Using econometrics : a practical guide
Statistics for anthropology
Statistical analysis of the polarization of asteroids and comets
Nonlinear regression
Log-linear models and logistic regression
"This Third Edition continues to focus on applications and interpretation of results from fitting regression models to categorical response variables"--
Heteroskedasticity in regression : detection and correction
Robust diagnostic regression analysis
Incorporates mixed-effects modeling techniques for more powerful and efficient methods This book presents current and effective nonparametric regression techniques for longitudinal data analysis and systematically investigates the incorporation of mixed-effects modeling techniques into various nonparametric regression models. The authors emphasize modeling ideas and inference methodologies, although some theoretical results for the justification of the proposed methods are presented. With its logical structure and organization, beginning with basic principles, the text develops the foundation needed to master advanced principles and applications. Following a brief overview, data examples from biomedical research studies are presented and point to the need for nonparametric regression analysis approaches. Next, the authors review mixed-effects models and nonparametric regression models, which are the two key building blocks of the proposed modeling techniques. The core section of the book consists of four chapters dedicated to the major nonparametric regression methods: local polynomial, regression spline, smoothing spline, and penalized spline. The next two chapters extend these modeling techniques to semiparametric and time varying coefficient models for longitudinal data analysis. The final chapter examines discrete longitudinal data modeling and analysis. Each chapter concludes with a summary that highlights key points and also provides bibliographic notes that point to additional sources for further study. Examples of data analysis from biomedical research are used to illustrate the methodologies contained throughout the book. Technical proofs are presented inseparate appendices. With its focus on solving problems, this is an excellent textbook for upper-level undergraduate and graduate courses in longitudinal data analysis. It is also recommended as a reference for biostatisticians and other theoretical and applied research statisticians with an interest in longitudinal data analysis. Not only do readers gain an understanding of the principles of various nonparametric regression methods, but they also gain a practical understanding of how to use the methods to tackle real-world problems.
Linear probability, logit, and probit models
The statistical analysis of failure time data
Probability and statistics with R
Logistic regression with missing values in the covariates
Fitting models to biological data using linear and nonlinear regression : a practical guide to curve fitting
Elementary statistical techniques in data analysis
Multilevel analysis : techniques and applications
Linear sufficiency and completeness of the estimable parametric function in the general Gauss-Markov model
Applied regression : an introduction
Comparing the forecasting performance of logistic regression and random forest models in criminal recidivism
Meta-regression analysis : issues of publication bias in economics
Statistical analysis in microbiology : statnotes
Optimal designs in linear regression models
Abstract.
Semiparametric regression for the applied econometrician
SAS System for regression
Local regression and likelihood
Improving compatibility between prediction of basal area diameter distributions and assessments of young stands
Statistical analysis of categorical data
Introduction to regression and analysis of variance
"This book is intended to be a practical, easy-to-understand guide to carrying out growth curve analysis (multilevel regression) of time course or longitudinal data in the behavioral sciences, particularly cognitive science, cognitive neu- roscience, and psychology. Multilevel regression is becoming a more and more prominent statistical tool in the behavioral sciences and it is especially useful for time course data, so many researchers know they should use it, but they do not know how to use it. In addition, analysis of individual di erences (de- velopmental, neuropsychological, etc.) is an important subject of behavioral science research but many researchers don't know how to implement analy- sis methods that would help them quantify individual di erences. Multilevel regression provides a statistical framework for quantifying and analyzing indi- vidual di erences in the context of a model of the overall group e ects. There are several excellent, detailed textbooks on multilevel regression, but I believe that many behavioral scientists have neither the time nor the inclination to work through those texts. If you are one of these scientists { if you have time course data and want to use growth curve analysis, but don't know how { then this book is for you. I have tried to avoid statistical theory and techni- cal jargon in favor of focusing on the concrete issue of applying growth curve analysis to behavioral science data and individual di erences"--
Bayesian estimation and experimental design in linear regression models
An introduction to statistics : an active learning approach
Neutral networks vs. multiple regression analysis in sales forecasting
On variance estimation for the two-phase regression estimator
Robust regression and outlier detection
Some aspects of statistical inference of logistic regression model parameters
Nonlinear regression modeling : a unified practical approach
Plane answers to complex questions : the theory of linear models
Data Analysis Using Regression and Multilevel/Hierarchical Models is a comprehensive manual for the applied researcher who wants to perform data analysis using linear and nonlinear regression and multilevel models. The book introduces a wide variety of models, whilst at the same time instructing the reader in how to fit these models using available software packages. The book illustrates the concepts by working through scores of real data examples that have arisen from the authors' own applied research, with programming codes provided for each one. Topics covered include causal inference, including regression, poststratification, matching, regression discontinuity, and instrumental variables, as well as multilevel logistic regression and missing-data imputation. Practical tips regarding building, fitting, and understanding are provided throughout.
Beyond ANOVA, basics of applied statistics
Testing for redundancy of variables in two group quadratic discriminant analysis
Data analysis and statistics for geography, environmental science, and engineering
Regression with linear predictors
Bayesian smoothing and regression for longitudinal, spatial and event history data
Linear models with R
Experiments : planning, analysis, and optimization
A primer on regression artifacts
The application of a spatial regression model to the analysis and mapping of poverty
The behaviour of volatility ratio : implied vs. realized volatility of the S&P 500 and DAX stock indices
Structural vector autoregressions with Markus switching
Regression analysis for the social sciences
Linear regression
Regression with graphics : a second course in applied statistics
Mostly harmless econometrics : an empiricist's companion
Applied regression analysis and generalized linear models
Mathematics for economists
Introduction to linear regression analysis
On stepwise procedures for some multiple inference problems
Essays on the assumption of proportional hazards in Cox regression
Optimal designs for prediction in random coefficient linear regression models
Regression diagnostics: identifying influential data and sources of collinearity
Modern analysis of customer surveys : with applications using R
Handbook of regression analysis
Hedge funds ́ investments to distressed securities : empirical study before and during the credit market crisis
Applied logistic regression
Added variable plots and influence in Cox's regression model
Interaction effects in logistic regression
Nonlinear regression analysis and its applications
Optimal designs for estimation and prediction in random coefficient quadratic regression
Techniques and applications of hyperspectral image analysis
Modeling expectations with noncausal autoregressions
Applied nonparametric regression
Forest biometry
"A new edition of the definitive guide to logistic regression modeling for health science and other applicationsThis thoroughly expanded Third Edition provides an easily accessible introduction to the logistic regression (LR) model and highlights the power of this model by examining the relationship between a dichotomous outcome and a set of covariables. Applied Logistic Regression, Third Edition emphasizes applications in the health sciences and handpicks topics that best suit the use of modern statistical software. The book provides readers with state-of-the-art techniques for building, interpreting, and assessing the performance of LR models. New and updated features include: A chapter on the analysis of correlated outcome data. A wealth of additional material for topics ranging from Bayesian methods to assessing model fit Rich data sets from real-world studies that demonstrate each method under discussion. Detailed examples and interpretation of the presented results as well as exercises throughout Applied Logistic Regression, Third Edition is a must-have guide for professionals and researchers who need to model nominal or ordinal scaled outcome variables in public health, medicine, and the social sciences as well as a wide range of other fields and disciplines" -- Publisher's description.
Applied linear regression
Assessing the incidence of butt rot in Norway spruce in southern Finland
Quantile regression : theory and applications
Nonparametric regression and generalized linear models : a roughness penalty approach
Interaction effects in multiple regression
Analysis of microdata
Economic development in the African least developed countries : explaining variations in levels of income per capita within a sample of the least developed countries using cross-sectional multivariate linear regression analysis = Ekonomisk utveckling i Afrikas minst utvecklade länder
Multivariate reduced-rank regression : theory and applications
Regression graphics : ideas for studying regressions through graphics
Using IBM® SPSS® statistics for research methods and social science statistics
Investigating the relationship between short-term market reactions to takeovers and the monitoring efficiency within the acquiring firm
Study guide for Regression analysis : statistical modeling of a response variable
Statistical properties of a new logistic generalized regression estimator - a Monte Carlo study
Random coefficient models
