http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21301 towels
towels
100 modeller att väva
The objective of the study is to suggest a Japanese premium towel brand, Imabari Towel how to market its products in Germany. One intention of the study is to see the brand's appropriate positioning in the target market. Another intention is to demonstrate the general picture of the potential German customers and illustrate the important differences between them and the Japanese consumers. The last intention is to propose necessary adaptation of the marketing tools specifically for the targets. The challenge is approached by developing a marketing plan, which provides necessary information on the target market and guides the brand to entering Germany. The theoretical framework was based on different theories concerning the marketing planning processes and international marketing mainly by Wood, Stone and MacCall, Albaum and Duerr, and Czinkota and Ronkainen. The theoretical study provided the original framework of the marketing plan to be created in the following empirical part of study. The empirical part of the study was carried out in form of individual face-to-face interview with seven German potential consumers who would be interested in using the products of Imabari Towel. The purpose of the interviews was to gain deep understanding of the Germans' typical attitudes, behaviours and mindsets regarding buying and using of towels. Moreover, ten product samples of the brand were presented in the interviews, and the respondents' perception of the brand and its actual products were observed. The analytical approach was qualitative. The results revealed that the Germans tend to share some beliefs which influence on their behaviour in purchasing and using towels. The interviewees' impression of the brand turned out positive, but specific improvements were mentioned by them. At the same time, the findings suggested requirement for several critical adaptations on the brand's product to suit the needs of Germans, and also indicated how to make use of price, place and promotion in order to establish the desired brand in the Germany. In conclusion, the approach of developing a marketing plan to demonstrate how to market the brand in the target country worked very well. The interview results were applied to contents of the marketing plan, and the created marketing plan demonstrated all the recommendations for the brand: to position itself as a luxurious towel brand in Germany; to make necessary adaptations in each marketing tool according to the spotted behaviours and mindsets of the Germans regarding use and purchase of towels.
Developing a marketing plan for Japanese brand to enter Germany : case: Imabari Towel
Knitting smitten : 20 fresh and funky hand-knit designs
Surgical draping : principles and practice
The book of fine linen
Dining in diaspora : a collection of printed kitchen textiles for Afghan homes in Helsinki
