http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2133 social status
social status
My side of the story
Abstract.
Finland's Romani people = E Rhoma and i Finlandia
Limits of meritocracy : how fields of study and gender segregation affect social stratification in Finland
Where do upper secondary school students come from? : case: Oulu region
Neverwhere
Initiation ceremonies : a cross-cultural study of status dramatization
White collar crime : criminal justice and criminology
White-collar and corporate crime
Women in transition : voices from Lithuania
The social animal
The politics of deafness
Forest owners' social networks : possibilities to enhance knowledge exchange
Women in the world : 1975-1985 : the women's decade
Occupations and social status
Reducing inequalities in health : a European perspective
Women, religion and culture in Iran
Impact of status and meme content on the spread of memes in virtual communities
Political Economy of Bronze- and Iron Age Societies in the Eastern Coast of the Bothnian Bay ca. 1500 BC-AD 1300
Selected stories
The rich boy
Report of the Royal Commission on aboriginal peoples. 1, Looking forward, looking back
33 artists in 3 acts
Becoming a feminist : the social origins of 'first wave' feminism
The criminal career and socio-economic status of drug offenders
Work position, work autonomy and workplace mobility : the case of manual workers in small industrial firms in Finland
Finland's Romani people = Finitiko romaseele
The condition of the working class in England
The sexual politics of meat : a feminist-vegetarian critical theory
Abstract: "Big, strong, brave, - all kinds of stuff" : masculinities, power hierarchies, and violence in school.
When India became independent in 1947 after two centuries of colonial rule, it immediately adopted a firmly democratic political system, with multiple parties, freedom of speech, and extensive political rights. Maintaining rapid as well as environmentally sustainable growth remains an important and achievable goal for India. Two of India's leading economists argue that the country's main problems lie in the lack of attention paid to the essential needs of the people, especially of the poor, and often of women. In the long run, even the feasibility of high economic growth is threatened by the underdevelopment of social and physical infrastructure and the neglect of human capabilities.
Hillbilly elegy : a memoir of a family and culture in crisis
Physical activity from adolescence to adulthood and health-related fitness at age 31:cross-sectional and longitudinal analyses of the Northern Finland birth cohort of 1966
Life expectancy by labor force status and social class : recent period and cohort trends and projections for Finland
The truly disadvantaged : the inner city, the underclass, and public policy
Dixie's forgotten people : the South's poor whites
Some features of the social situation of students in 13 European countries
Determinants of health inequalities by income from the 1980s to the 1990s in Finland
Collection of sociological studies : in memoriam Alexander Szalai
Backgrounds of the Committee Chairpersons in the Finnish Eduskunta 1945-1994
The changing experience of women
”Big, strong, brave, - all kinds of stuff”. Masculinities, power hierarchies, and violence in school.
Russian peasants go to court : legal culture in the countryside 1905-1917
Socioeconomic differences in old age mortality
The state of the art of social auditing
Homicide and suicide in Finland : their relation to economic and social marginalization
Schooling and status attainment : social origin and institutional dederminants
Report of the Royal Commission on aboriginal peoples. 4, Perspectives and realities
Creating capabilities : the human development approach
Jocks and burnouts : social categories and identity in the high school
Meritocracy : allocation of social positions or economic rewards?
Gender and stratification
Germany for the Germans? : the political effects of international migration
The American Victorian woman : the myth and the reality
Sect ideologies and social status
Macroergonomics : theory, methods and applications
Review of the youth situation in the ESCWA region from the perspective of human resources development
Disability rights and wrongs
Social position of women
India : another millennium?
Social movements and Bourdieu : class, embodiment and the politics of identity
Sharing the same bowl : a socioeconomic history of women and class in Accra, Ghana
Report of the Royal Commission on aboriginal peoples. 5, Renewal: a twenty-year commitment
Hearing loss : from stigma to strategy
Linked lives : adult daughters and their mothers
Broke : who killed the middle classes?
Charasteristics of urban regions and all-cause mortality in working-age population : effects of social environment and interactions with individual unemployment
Status anxiety
Religious rituals and social norms in the making of adaptive systems : empirical and theoretical synthesis on revivals in 19th century Finland
Second opinion : an introduction to health sociology
Immigration : trends, consequences and prospects for the United States
Medieval gentlewoman : life in a widow's household in the later middle ages
Class and hierarchy : the social meaning of occupations
The aged and the society : some factors influencing the status of the aged in Finland
Vance, a former marine and Yale Law School graduate, provides an account of growing up in a poor Rust Belt town that offers a broader, probing look at the struggles of America's white working class. The decline of this group, a demographic of our country that has been slowly disintegrating over forty years, has been reported on with growing frequency and alarm. J. D. Vance tells the true story of what a social, regional, and class decline feels like when you were born with it hung around your neck. The Vance family story begins hopefully in postwar America. J. D.'s grandparents were "dirt poor and in love," and moved north from Kentucky's Appalachia region to Ohio in the hopes of escaping the dreadful poverty around them. They raised a middle-class family, and eventually their grandchild (the author) would graduate from Yale Law School, a conventional marker of their success in achieving generational upward mobility. But as the family saga of Hillbilly Elegy plays out, we learn that this is only the short, superficial version. Vance's grandparents, aunt, uncle, sister, and, most of all, his mother, struggled profoundly with the demands of their new middle-class life, and were never able to fully escape the legacy of abuse, alcoholism, poverty, and trauma so characteristic of their part of America.
The law of refugee status
The social and economic situation of older women in Europe
Childhood as a social phenomenon. An introduction to a series of national reports
Psychosocial processes of health behaviour change in a lifestyle intervention : influences of gender, socioeconomic status and personality
Deaf around the world : the impact of language
Report of the Royal Commission on aboriginal peoples. 3, Gathering strength
Race, class, and gender in the United States : an integrated study
The making of migrant subjectivities : time and intersectionality in the transnational everyday lives of Latin American women in Barcelona
An uncertain glory : India and its contradictions
Dress, adornment, and the social order
The year of living Danishly : uncovering the secrets of the world's happiest country
Stratification among the aged
Londongrad : from Russia with cash the inside story of the oligarchs
Memoirs of a geisha
Women on the move : contemporary changes in family and society
Macroergonomics : an introduction to work system design
School, occupation, culture, and family : the impact of parental schooling on the parent-child relationship
Class in Jane Austen's novels
With vivacity and relentless resolve, The Politics of Deafness embarks upon a postmodern examination of the search for identity in deafness and its relationship to the prevalent hearing culture that has marginalized Deaf people. Author Owen Wrigley's forthright purpose is to crash conventional ideas, to jar them loose from the collective consciousness so that the actual intricacies of deafness and Deaf identity and their tortuous intertwining with monolithic social, economic, and political systems can be seen clearly. He calls attention to the different lingual potential created by the instant visual expression of cyperspace, and he explodes the orthodox conceptualization of language as being serially ordered and dependent upon sound. The Politics of Deafness signals a breakout from the mundane entrenchments of past considerations of Deaf identity into a revolutionary stage of development that will reverberate indefinitely.
The story of a new name
Constructing cultural identity, representing social power
Black and British
How to carry out register-based health services research in Finland? : compiling complex study data in the REDD project
Stratification and power : structures of class, status and command
The dynamics of child poverty in industrialised countries
With liberty and justice for some ; how the law is used to destroy equality and protect the powerful
Emergences : women's struggles for livelihood in Latin America
The rich get richer and the poor get prison : ideology, class and criminal justice
Report of the Royal Commission on aboriginal peoples. 2, Restructuring the relationship
Wives, mistresses and matriarchs : Asian women today
The comparative project on class structure and class consciousness in Tampere on 1-3 April 1985 : paperspresented at the congress
Widows and their families
The social bases of the global justice movement : some theoretical reflections and empirical evidence from the First European Social Forum
Architecture of high status in childhood and in adolescence
On democratic and just society; essays on challenges before India in the twenty-first century.
Trajectories of three women's groups in urbanizing Senegal : observing social capital and livelihoods in Rufisque
Making the difference : schools, families and social division
Under the ancestor’s eyes : kinship, status, and locality in premodern Korea
Those who leave and those who stay
Boundaries of an urban minority : the Helsinki Jewish community from the end of Imperial Russia until the 1970s
This book focuses on the language of proofs, argument and rhetoric in educational research. It also explores the language of particular debates significant to the wider educational context, such as the language of goals, parenting, and citizenship.
Millennium girls : today's girls around the world
On living through Soviet Russia
Accumulation of disparity in physical activity in old age
We examined the influence of meme consistency (vs. inconsistency) and intragroup status on the spread of memes in virtual communities. Prior research suggests that information consistent with the theme of the group is remembered better and that ideas threatening to the group identity are rejected. In addition, previous research shows that low-status group members mimic high-status members and communicate with them to seek information and approval. We analyzed social interactions among members of four online forums from January 1, 2010, to February 21, 2014. Contrary to our prediction, our results show that memes initiated by low-status members spread faster than memes started by high- or moderate-status members. In line with prior research, memes that were consistent with a forum theme were spread more frequently than inconsistent memes..
Social determinants of mortality from childhood to early adulthood
Symbols of excellence : precious materials as expressions of status
Gender, aging and the state
The association between economic and social factors and mental health in Finland
The facts of everyday life
Social differentation and stratification
Trade-offs, rights and responsibilities in the business of microcredit : a case study from South Africa
Growth and social conditions : Height and weight of Stockholm schoolchildren in a public health context
Dressed to kill : sex power and clothes
Doing research, making science: the memory of Roma workers
The musical sounds of medieval French cities : players, patrons, and politics
Gender and family among transnational professionals
