http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21391 agricultural population
agricultural population
Population, land management, and environmental change : UNU Global Environmental Forum IV
Student world atlas
Potential population supporting capacities of lands in the developing world
Access to rural land and land administration after violent conflicts
People, food and recources
The budgetary challenges posed by ageing populations : the impact on public spending on pensions, health and long-term care for the elderly and possible indicators of the long-term sustainability of public finances
Summary (s. 1-9).
Analysis factors affecting supply of agricultural products : market liberalization, agricultural policies, bioenergy policies, population growth, input price development, trade policies and other relevant factors
The hungry future
Looking ahead : the changing images of Korea
A comparative study on farmer' income
Population, economic development, and the environment
The future of young farmers in the European Union
Urban and rural areas 2001
Staying on : retention and migration in peasant societies
The peasant state : the state and rural questions in 20th century Finland
A geography of the Third World
Economic development, the family, and income distribution : selected essays
Summary.
Rural employment under a closing land frontier : the case of selected villages in Phitsanulok Province, Thailand
Poverty and population control
Economic growth and employment structure : a study of labour outmigration from agriculture in developing countries
Wage labour and unfreedom in agriculture : an Indian case study
Executive summary (s. 9-11).
The transformation of the Chinese earth : aspects of the evaluation of the Chinese earth from earliest times to Mao Tse-tung
The third world : diversity, change and interdependence
An introduction to human geography : issues for the 21st century
Feeding the ten billion : plants and population growth
Agricultural and Settlement Frontiers in the Tropical Andes : the Paramo Belt of Northern Equador, 1960-1990
Americans in agriculture : portraits of diversity
Suomen tilastollinen vuosikirja 2005 = Statistisk årsbok för Finland 2005 = Statistical yearbook of Finland 2005.
Agricultural succes cases for rural poverty alleviation
The politics of development : an introduction to global issues
Rightful resistance in rural China
Integrated analysis of regional systems
Southeast Asia between autocracy and democracy : identity and political processes
A system of integrated agricultural censuses and surveys. Vol. 1, World Programme for the Census of Agriculture 2010
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja 2009 = Landbrukstatistik årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics
The agrarian history of Sweden : from 4000 BC to AD 2000
An introduction to agricultural geography
Crisis and recovery in Sub-Saharan Africa
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja 2011 = Lantbruksstatistisk årsbok 2011 = Yearbook of farm statistics 2011.
The moral economy of the peasant : rebellion and subsistence in Southeast Asia
In pursuit of Lakshmi : the political economy of the Indian state
Agricultural medicine : occupational and environmental health for the health professions
Environment, population and development
Scythe
Health Economics and Outcome Studies on Type 2 Diabetes Education and Screening in a Chinese Population
Rural restructuring : global processes and their responses
The Baltic states at a crossroads : preliminary methodological analyses
Shrinking fields : cropland loss in a world of eight billion
Demography, economy and welfare
Cochabamba, 1550-1900 : colonialism and agrarian transformation in Bolivia
Guidelines for linking population and housing censuses with agricultural censuses : with selected country practices
OECD reviews of rural policy : Finland
Summary of world food and agricultural statistics 2003.
Agricultural economics and agribusiness
Land and people in the Kano close-settled zone : a survey of some aspects of rural economy in the Ungogo District, Kano Province
The ashes from the first Great war still darken the snow in 1920s Europa. The capitalistic city-state known simply as "The factory", which fueled the war with heavily armored mechs, has closed its doors, drawing the attention of several nearby countries. With characters from five factions converging onto a small but highly desired swath of land, who will gain fame and fortune by establishing their empire as the leader of Eastern Europa.
The medieval housewife & other women of the Middle Ages
Europe in figures : Eurostat yearbook
CONSEQUENCES OF POPULATION GROWTH ON AGRICULTURAL PRODUCTION IN OBINGWA LOCAL GOVERNMENT AREA OF ABIA STATE NIGERIA.
Food in Sub-Saharan Africa
Africa
The Middle East and North Africa. Ed. 41. 1995.
The Middle East and North Africa. Ed. 48. 2002.
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja 2008 = Landbrukstatistik årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics
Agrarian unrest in southeast Asia
Lilies of the field : marginal people who live for the moment
Political instability, gender discrimination, and population growth in developing countries
Population and food supply : McDougall memorial lecture
Environment and health in the Accra metropolitan area, Ghana
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja 2007 = Landbrukstatistik årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics
Population matters : demographic change, economic growth, and poverty in the developing world
The geography of Ireland
American farm life
Latin America : an economic and social geography
Indian women in subsistence and agricultural labour
Population, society and agricultural planning
Rural people and communities in the 21st century : resilience and transformation
The conditions of agricultural growth : the economics of agrarian change under population pressure
Promotion of rural employment for poverty reduction : fourth item on the agenda
Risk factors of musculoskeletal disorders and work disability among Finnish farmers
A concise history of world population
Rural households and resource allocation for development : an ecosystem perspective
World food prospects : critical issues for the early twenty-first century
The state of world rural poverty : an inquiry into its causes and consequences
Philip's geographical digest 1992-1993
Report from the Seminar on the changing role of rural population, 08.-11.08.1978, Helsinki, Viikki
Back pain and sciatica in Finnish farmers
Agricultural population and structural change : a comparison of Finland and Hungary
Reconsidering untouchability : Chamars and Dalit history in North India
The farm and the city
Rural people and communities continue to play important social, economic and environmental roles at a time in which societies are rapidly urbanizing, and the identities of local places are increasingly subsumed by flows of people, information and economic activity across global spaces. However, while the organization of rural life has been fundamentally transformed by institutional and social changes that have occurred since the mid-twentieth century, rural people and communities have proved resilient in the face of these transformations. This book examines the causes and consequences of major social and economic changes affecting rural communities and populations during the first decades of the twenty-first century, and explores policies developed to ameliorate problems or enhance opportunities. Primarily focused on the U.S. context, while also providing international comparative discussion, the book is organized into five sections each of which explores both socio-demographic and political economic aspects of rural transformation. It features an accessible and up-to-date blend of theory and empirical analysis, with each chapter's discussion grounded in real-life situations through the use of empirical case-study materials. Rural People and Communities in the 21st Century is intended for advanced undergraduate and graduate courses in rural sociology, community sociology, rural and/or population geography, community development, and population studies--From publisher description.
Land and labor in Europe 1900-1950 : a comparative survey of recent agrarian history
In experts we trust : knowledge, politics and bureaucracy in Nordic welfare states
Africa south of the Sahara
Europe in figures : Eurostat yearbook ..
Is prosopis a curse or a blessing? : an ecological-economic analysis of an invasive alien tree species in Sudan
Proceedings SUSDEV-CHINA Symposium : sustainable agroecosystem management and development of rural-urban interaction in regions and cities of China
Tropical Africa
Distribution and differences : stratification and the system of reproduction in a Swedish peasant community 1620-1820
