http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21387 occupied territories
occupied territories
Hitler's forgotten children : my life inside the Lebensborn
Boundless worlds : an anthropological approach to movement
The West bank - is it viable?
European Union foreign policy in the occupied Palestinian territory
Psychosocial coping in prolonged conflict : an ethnography of Palestinian people in the midst of ongoing volatility
Daughter of the Flames
The winter fortress : the epic mission to sabotage Hitler's atomic bomb
Industrial collaboration in Nazi-occupied Europe : Norway in context
This book brings together leading experts to assess how and whether the Nazis were successful in fostering collaboration to secure the resources they required during World War II. These studies of the occupation regimes in Norway and Western Europe reveal that the Nazis developed highly sophisticated instruments of exploitation beyond oppression and looting. The authors highlight that in comparison to the heavy manufacturing industries of Western Europe, Norway could provide many raw materials that the German war machine desperately needed, such as aluminium, nickel, molybdenum and fish. These chapters demonstrate that the Nazis provided incentives to foster economic collaboration, hoping that these would make every mine, factory and smelter produce at its highest level of capacity. All readers will learn about the unique part of Norwegian economic collaboration during this period and discover the rich context of economic collaboration across Europe during World War II.
From occupation to annexation : the silent adoption of the Levy report on retroactive authorization of illegal construction in the West Bank
A man without breath
Midnight on the Mavi Marmara : the attack on the Gaza Freedom Flotilla and how it changed the course of the Israel/Palestine conflict
Did the east belong to the SS? : the realism of the SS demographic reorganization policy in the light of the germanization operation of SS- and Polizeiführer Odilo Globocnik
The ethnic crucible : harmony and hostility in multi-ethnic schools
Asterix the Gallus
The three occupied UAE islands : the Tunbs and Abu Musa
The situation of workers of the occupied Arab territories : report of the Director-General
The situation of workers of the occupied Arab territories
After the fall : German policy in occupied France, 1940-1944
The children who fought Hitler : a British outpost in Europe
Denmark during the German occupation
Few people know that Ypres, centre of First World War remembrance, was once home to a thriving British community that played a heroic role in the Second World War. This expatriate outpost grew around the British ex-servicemen who cared for the war memorials and cemeteries of  ́Flanders Fields ́. Many married local women and their children grew up multi-lingual, but attended their own school and were intensely proud to be British. When Germany invaded in 1940 the community was threatened: some children managed to escape, others were not so lucky. But, armed with their linguistic skills and local knowledge, pupils of the British Memorial School were uniquely prepared to fight Hitler in occupied territory and from Britain. Still in their teens, some risked capture, torture and death in intelligence and resistance operations in the field. An exceptional patriotism spurred them on to feats of bravery in this new conflict. Whilst their peers at home were being evacuated to the English countryside, these children were directly exposed to danger in one of the major theatres of war. James Fox was a pupil at the British Memorial School in 1940 and he has made it his mission to trace his former school friends. The Children Who Fought Hitler is their story: a war story about people from an unusual community, told from a fresh and human perspective.
This is a study of the internal conflicts between the German military government, the SS, and the foreign office during the occupation of France, showing how these battles developed and what they implied for the direction of German policy in occupied France from 1940 to 1944.
Our harsh logic : Israeli soldiers' testimonies from the occupied territories, 2000-2010
Our harsh logic : Israeli soldiers' testimonies from the occupied territories 2000-2010
Red Rascal's war
Cursed victory : a history of Israel and the occupied territories
"A new position paper by "Yesh Din" describes how the Government of Israel (GOI) unofficially adopted the Levy Report and is working towards implementing its recommendations and legal doctrine. The position paper demonstrates how over the past three and a half years the GOI has been gradually absolving itself of its duty to act within international law, and extricating itself from its duty to protect the property of the protected Palestinian population. This is a policy of de-facto annexation, while Israel refrains from officially annexing the West Bank, a step which would require granting Palestinian residents of the West Bank citizenship and equal rights." -- from Yesh Din website.
The East Timor problem and the role of Europe
The quiet twin
"In these pages, a range of activists, journalists, and analysts piece together the events that occurred that May night, unpicking their meanings for Israel's illegal, three-year-long blockade of Gaza and the decades-long Israel/Palestine conflict more generally. Mixing together first-hand testimony, documentary record, and illustration, with hard-headed analysis and historical overview, Midnight on the Mavi Marmara reveals why the attack on Gaza Freedom Flotilla may just turn out to be Israel's Selma, Alabama: the beginning of the end for an apartheid Palestine."--From publisher description.
