http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2136 status in employment
status in employment
Pyramid or pillars : unveiling the status of women in arts and media professions in Europe
Abstract.
Prestige and stratification : a comparative study on occupational prestige and its determinants
Why do so few women occupy positions of power and prestige? Virginia Valian uses concepts and data from psychology, sociology, economics, and biology to explain the disparity in the professional advancement of men and women. According to Valian, men and women alike have implicit hypotheses about gender differences -- gender schemas -- that create small sex differences in characteristics, behaviors, perceptions, and evaluations of men and women. Those small imbalances accumulate to advantage men and disadvantage women. The most important consequence of gender schemas for professional life is that men tend to be overrated and women underrated. Valian's goal is to make the invisible factors that retard women's progress visible, so that fair treatment of men and women will be possible. The book makes its case with experimental and observational data from laboratory and field studies of children and adults, and with statistical documentation on men and women in the professions. The many anecdotal examples throughout provide a lively counterpoint.
Professions and patriarchy
Mid-career development : research perspectives on a developmental community for senior administrators
Limits of meritocracy : how fields of study and gender segregation affect social stratification in Finland
Profession of medicine : a study of the sociology of applied knowledge
Protection, continuity and gender : craft trade culture in the Baltic Sea region (14th-16th centuries)
Professional powers : a study of the institutionalization of formal knowledge
Surveying sisters : women in a traditional male profession
Class crystallization
Identity and status in the translational profession
Occupational status, working conditions and morbidity among employees in the engineering industry
Socio-economic mortality differences in Finland 1971-85
Gender, work and medicine : women and the medical division of labour
Women, work and protest : a century of US women's labor history
Summary (s. 1-6).
Financial autonomy in higher education institutions : perspectives of senior management of Finnish AMK institutions
Skills for success : the personal development planning handbook
The social role and evolution of the teaching profession in historical context. Vol. 3, Social conditions and prestige of teachers in different periods and in different countries and The level of general education and of professional training of teachers in historical context and Financial perspectives and the quality of life of teachers under different historical circumstances
Translation under negotiation : The textual interplay of translators and editors in contemporary Finnish Shakespeare translation
With structured, reflective and practical activities, this text seeks to enable students to think creatively and constructively about personal, academic and career goals. Individuals are encouraged to identify what success really means to them and to plan a path towards achieving their aims.
Occupational prestige in comparative perspective
Professions and the state : expertise and autonomy in the Soviet Union and Eastern Europe
Changing the system? : artists talk about their practice : a discussion event in Rotterdam, April 1999
Translation under negotiation : the textual interplay of translators and editors in contemporary Finnish Shakespeare translation
Work position, work autonomy and workplace mobility : the case of manual workers in small industrial firms in Finland
Geisha : a living tradition
Socio-economic mortality differences in Finland 1981-90
Women and career : themes and issues in advanced industrial societies
Employment
Creating your career : practical advice for graduates in a changing world
Summary: Living for work and working for life: the family life of middle-managers.
Why so slow? : the advancement of women
Status by studying? Profession building in teacher education in some European countries: comparative study based on a Unesco report
The social role and evolution of the teaching profession in historical context. Vol. 2, Social conditions and prestige of teachers in different periods and in different countries
Hear this, brother : women workers and union power
Occupational class and ischemic heart disease mortality in the United States and 11 European countries
Cancer risk by occupation and socioeconomic group among men : a study by the Association of Swiss Cancer Registries
The reemergence of self-employment : a comparative study of self-employment dynamics and social inequality
The status of the translation profession in the European Union : final report
Occupational earnings differentials in Finland : empirical evidence from a cross section of individuals
Opening up new opportunities in gender equality work
Ethics and culture in the forestry profession : emergent changes in Romania
Professionalization of nursing : current issues and trends
Personality at work : the role of individual differences in the workplace
Occupational segregation of women and men in the European Communities : network of experts on the situation of women in the labour market : synthesis report
Polish women, solidarity and feminism
The changing academic profession : major findings of a comparative survey
Self-organized / Stine Hebert & Anne Szefer Karlsen (eds.) ; [texts Julie Ault ... [et al.]]
Class and hierarchy : the social meaning of occupations
The vocation of the artist
Women's work : making dance in Europe before 1800
VÄESTÖLASKENTA 1990 : 1 : VÄESTÖN TALOUDELL = Folkräkningen = Population census
VÄESTÖLASKENTA 1990 : 6 : ASUNNOT JA ASUIN.. = Folkräkningen = Population census
Changing the system? : artists talk about their practice : a discussion event in Rotterdam, April 1999 / [editor: Åsa Nacking ; translation: Kjerstin Board ... et al.]
Changing gendered practices : a PAR project within an academic work community
Culture-gates : exposing professional 'gate-keeping' processes in music and new media arts : an ERICarts report
Exactly who and what is a photographic artist? : experimenting with emic criteria in a "status-of-an-artist study"
The sociology of the artist in the postmodern era : pride and uncertainty
"Americans are taught to believe that upward mobility is possible for anyone who is willing to work hard, regardless of their social status, yet it is often those from affluent backgrounds who land the best jobs. Pedigree takes readers behind the closed doors of top-tier investment banks, consulting firms, and law firms to reveal the truth about who really gets hired for the nation's highest-paying entry-level jobs, who doesn't, and why.Drawing on scores of in-depth interviews as well as firsthand observation of hiring practices at some of America's most prestigious firms, Lauren Rivera shows how, at every step of the hiring process, the ways that employers define and evaluate merit are strongly skewed to favor job applicants from economically privileged backgrounds. She reveals how decision makers draw from ideas about talent--what it is, what best signals it, and who does (and does not) have it--that are deeply rooted in social class. Displaying the "right stuff" that elite employers are looking for entails considerable amounts of economic, social, and cultural resources on the part of the applicants and their parents.Challenging our most cherished beliefs about college as a great equalizer and the job market as a level playing field, Pedigree exposes the class biases built into American notions about the best and the brightest, and shows how social status plays a significant role in determining who reaches the top of the economic ladder"--
Socioeconomic differences in crime and victimization : a register based study
Väestön taloudellinen toiminta 1950-2000 = Befolkningens ekonomiska verksamhet 1950-2000 = Economic activity of the population 1950-2000
The status, reputation and image of the library and information profession : proceedings of the IFLA pre-session seminar, Delhi, 24-28 August 1992
Darkness visible : essays on art, philosophy and politics
Women in the labor market
Lunch eating patterns during working hours and their social and work-related determinants : study of Finnish employees
Pathological process in library systems
Occupational class and suicide : an example of the elaboration of a relationship
Population census. Vol. 9B, Evaluation study of the 1990 census
Training for a changing society : a report on current vocational education and training research in Europe
Sosioekonominen asema -luokitus : ammattiasemaluokitus = Klassificering av socioekonomisk ställning = Classification of socio-economic status
Are the healthier wealthier or the wealthier healthier? : the European evidence
Career anchors : trainer's manual
The status of language educators
Career risk-taking : on some factors connected with occupational aspiration
Maintaining professional competence : approaches to career enhancement, vitality, and success throughout a work life
Career anchors : discovering your real values
Occupational segregation during the 1980s and 1990s - the case of Finnish manufacturing
Boundaries of an urban minority : the Helsinki Jewish community from the end of Imperial Russia until the 1970s
Socio-economic determinants of sickness absence
This critical assessment of the division of labour in medicine sets current practice in its historical context. The book demonstrates the centrality of gender divisions both between and within the individual medical and health professions - doctors, nurses, midwives and others. Drawing on accounts from different countries and a wide range of professional groups, the contributors examine the extent to which the division of labour is changing and the effect of such changes on the status of women within the health professions. While the proportion of female doctors is rising, the continued constraints on women attaining full equality are explored.
Sites of change : the structural context for empowering women in India
Science as a career choice : theoretical and empirical studies
Getting it together : women as trade unionists
Work and personality : an inquiry into the impact of social stratification
Evaluation of women's involvement in European Social Fund cofinanced measures in 1990
A portrait of a woman as an artist : some research results concerning the career paths of female artist
