http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21349 colour
colour
Color Symbolism : Six Excerpts from the Eranos Yearbook 1972
The Art and Science of Food Garniture
One and two-year-old Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris L) seedlings from various origins : The effect of various growing conditions on winter hardening
Offset printing : controlled process
Abstract.
Variation of colour and selected physical and mechanical properties related to artificial drying of sawn silver birch (Betula pendula Roth) timber from plantations
Batman : the Dark Knight returns
A dictionary of color combinations
Designing with color : concepts and applications
Aspects of colour /  edited by Harald Arnkil and Esa Hämäläinen
Illumination, color and imaging : evaluation and optimization of visual displays
Light and emotions : exploring lighting cultures : conversations with lighting designers
The Emerging Phenotype : ecological genetics of color, form, and sex in the common frog
Genetic modification, applications : flower color
V for vendetta
A comparison of two cellulosic thickeners in coating colors at different temperatures: flow behavior and coating performance
Dimensionality of the consumer perceived value of product colour
Advanced color image processing and analysis
"Playing with Color is a highly accessible, fun approach to learning color application and principles. This hands-on book begins with an introduction to the philosophy of learning through the process of play. It then leads to a series of experimental design projects with an emphasis on color, providing the reader with a "toolkit" of ideas and skills. The awareness and sensitivity to form, color, material and craft gained through these visual experiments will increase the designer's confidence in their personal and professional design work. This book can be used in the classroom or independently, and readers can go directly to exercises that appeal to them"--
Accuracy improvements in display performance measurements using an imaging colorimeter
Farvens krop = The body of colour : Nina Roos & Paula Modersohn-Becker : Kunsthallen Brandts Klaedefabrik, Odense, Danmark, 29. august - 1. november 1998
Outside color : perceptual science and the puzzle of color in philosophy
Life at stake when playing hide and seek : concealing effects of prey colouration and visual backgrounds
Current ornithology. Vol. 12
Timbral qualities of semantic structures of music
CMF design : the fundamental principles of colour, material and finish design
Evaluation of certain food additives and contaminants : sixty-eighth report of the Joint FAO/WHO Expert Committee on Food Additives
Color and texture in weaving : 150 contemporary designs
Web design for iMind
Colour and optical properties of foods
Wicked : the life and times of the wicked witch of the West
Plans and details for contemporary architects : building with colour
Spectrally tunable light sources for implementing computationally designed illuminations
'Analysis of Cosmetic Products' advises the reader from an analytical chemistry perspective on the choice of suitable analytical methods for production monitoring and quality control of cosmetic products.
Color : an introduction to practice and principles
A method of making digital fruit color charts for cultivation management and quality control
Kaleidoscopic exuberance and colour asceticism : Edelfelt's portrait of Ackté / Tuulikki Kilpinen and Marina Catani
Effects of environmental and internal factors of trees and timber treatment on colour of dried birch (Betula pendula) wood
Content and justification : philosophical papers
This thesis goes through the process of creating a graphic design of a web page which includes determining all the components and how they can affect the visual outcome. The main task is to create a design plan for a website by creating images with an image editing software with the support of theoretical knowledge, end users’ preferences, and creativity. The aim is to create a modern design considering the responsive functions and the users’ needs. The users’ perspectives, needs, and habits are explored by interviewing companies supplied by the commissioner. The theoretical research contributes technical guidance on making choices in the design of a web page. The designs were made with Adobe Photoshop, which was accessible at the Oulu University of Applied Sciences, as was the recorder used in the interviews. The images in the designs were chosen from the commissioner’s existing website. The colours used in the designs were designated with the help of a colour wheel application. This thesis may be used by the commissioner for their webpage as well as anyone who is working with visual designs and looking for some theoretical explanations. The information covers many aspects of design as a webpage is a whole consisting of many components, such as text, layouts, and various types of graphics.
Light and colour filters
Dye molecules on titatium dioxide surface: cluster and periodic surface models
Fields of blue
Colour polymorphism in the two intertidal snails Littorina saxatilis and L. fabalis : patterns and processes
In search of new means of expression : the breakthrough of pure colour / H. S.
Complete digital photography
Sculpture today / Judith Collins
White Space Is Not Your Enemy : A Beginner's Guide to Communicating Visually Through Graphic, Web & Multimedia Design
Results of the intensive monitoring of forest ecosystems (ICP Forests/Level II) : Crown condition on the intensive monitoring plots in 1999 = Intensiivisen seurannan tuloksia ICP metsäohjelma/taso II havaintoaloilla
Colors in fashion
The day the crayons quit
Measuring colour
Many forms of the wood tiger moth (Parasemia plantaginis) : selective heterogeneity favours polymorphic warning signals
Consciousness, color, and content
Early Interaction in Kiasma's Babies Play with Colour Workshops : A Survey on Parents' Perceptions
Why the sky is blue : discovering the color of life
Colour mania
Langford's advanced photography : the guide for aspiring photographers
Social insects in biomonitoring : use of colouration traits to indicate environmental stress
Color and space : in architecture and interior design : commercial, corporate, dining, educational, public, residential, recreational
Batman : Year one
Colour changes of fresh-cut leafy vegetables during storage
Content and consciousness
Thin-film optical filters
Can warning signals be honest? : wing colouration and the strength of chemical defence in the female wood tiger moth (Parasemia plataginis)
Photoshop for right-brainers : the art of photomanipulation
Thinhorn sheep evolution and behaviour
"The Pigment Compendium Dictionary" is a comprehensive information source for scientists, art historians, conservators and forensic specialists. Drawn together from extensive analytical research into the physical and chemical properties of pigments, this essential reference to pigment names and synonyms describes the inter-relationship of different names and terms. The Dictionary covers the field worldwide from pre-history to the present day, from rock art to interior decoration, from ethnography to contemporary art. Drawing on hundreds of hard-to-obtain documentary sources as well as modern scientific data each term is discussed in detail, giving both its context and composition. It includes a comprehensive list of pigment names and synonyms. It talks about the pigments used worldwide from pre-history to the present day. It contains information from hundreds of hard-to-obtain documentary sources.
Effect of 1-methylcyclopropene on the quality of clementine mandarin fruit at ambient temperature
Color me beautiful : discover your natural beauty through the colors that make you look great & feel fabulous!
Practical aspects of cosmetic testing : how to set up a scientific study in skin physiology
Son of a witch : a novel
Effect of felling season, storage and drying on colour of silver birch (Betula pendula) wood from four different growing sites
Quality characteristics of parental lines of wheat mapping populations
Cognitive biology : evolutionary and developmental perspectives on mind, brain, and behavior
Subjective preference of light colour and LED lighting
Corporate visual identity : Case study: changing visual identity
Playing with Color : 50 Graphic Experiments for Exploring Color Design Principles
Contemporary color : theory & use
Algebraic methods for constructing blur-invariant operators and their applications
A light colour mutant in the wood lemming, Myopus schisticolor (Lilljeb.)
Design fundamentals : notes on color theory
Interaction between surface plasmon polaritons and molecules in strong coupling limit
Manufacture of red line meat products with higher colour stability and improved visual attractiveness
Effects of anti-browning treatments on the storage quality of minimally processed shredded cabbage
Colouring clay
Cotton passport : a component of the PANTONE Textile Color System®
Results of the intensive monitoring of forest ecosystems (ICP Forests/Level II) : Crown condition on the intensive monitoring plots in 2000 = Intensiivisen seurannan tuloksia ICP metsäohjelma/taso II havaintoaloilla
Average colors of real life light sources at different correlated color temperatures
Polymorphism in the Arctic Skua, Stercorarius parasiticus, in NE Norway
Juice Technology Workshop : August 12-13, 1996
Simulation and measurement of colored surfaces
The quest for reality : subjectivism and the metaphysics of colour
Color for the sciences
Traditional Japanese color palette
Evaluation of certain food additives and contaminants : sixty-seventh report of the Joint FAO/WHO Expert Committee on Food Additives
Storage of spruce pulpwood : effects on wood and mechanical pulp
Color: four painters : Max Gimblett, Josesph Marioni, Phil Sims, Thorton Willis : Oscarsson Hood Gallery, New York, January 5-30, 1982 ; Galerie Nordenhake, Malmö, January-February, 1982 / essay by Jesse Murray
Color for designers : ninety-five things you need to know when choosing and using colors for layouts and illustrations
Theory of colours
Efficacy and safety of radiofrequency catheter ablation in the treatment of atrial fibrillation
Anthropogenically driven Lake Ladoga water colour dynamics: remote sensing implications
Child-Friendly approach to instrumental education : The Colourstrings Violin School
Multiphonics of the grand piano : timbral composition and performance with flageolets
Fundamentals of color : shade matching and communication in esthetic dentistry
Goniospectrometric analysis of optically complex samples : a study on diffraction gratings, optically variable devices, and coatings with special effect pigments
Can reflective ground cover enhance fruit quality and colouration?
Provenance of cultural colour meanings : The Green Hat and other narratives from Sino-Finnish business encounters
Short-term heart rate dynamics : methodology and novel applications
Industrial inorganic pigments
Colour design : theories and applications
The chemical history of color
Food colour and appearance
Semantic Structures of Timbre Emerging From Social and Acoustic Descriptions of Music
Analysis of Cosmetic Products advises the reader from an analytical chemistry perspective on the choice of suitable analytical methods for production monitoring and quality control of cosmetic products. In the format of an easy-to-understand compendium of published literature on the subject, this book will enable people working in the cosmetic industry or in research laboratories to: * become familiar with the main legislative and analytical literature on this subject and  * learn about and choose suitable analytical procedures for production monitoring and control of cosmetic p
Colour : banish Beige, boost colour, transform your home
Facing the new reality : towards an urban society / R. O.
Pigment compendium : a dictionary and optical microscopy of historical pigments
Graphic design : the new basics
Graphic design school : the principles and practices of graphic design
A case study of the effects of posthypnotic suggestion on visual information processing : measuring behaviour and event-related potentials
Beautiful fur animals and their colour genetics
"Learn to create textiles that are rich with color and texture. Using either a simple four- or eight-shaft loom, you can discover how to mix color and yarn types in your weaving with Color and Texture in Weaving."--P. [4] of cover.
The role of electrocardiographic abnormalities, obesity, and diabetes in risk stratification for sudden cardiac death in the general population
Readings on color. Vol. 1, The philosophy of color
Towards simplified deinking systems : a study of the effects of ageing, pre-wetting and alternative pulping strategy on ink behaviour in pulping
Assassin's creed. Templars. [Book 1]
Colour grading video files in Adobe Lightroom
Non-surgical transfer of 4',6'-diamidino-2-phenylindole-stained equine embryos
Quality attributes and their measurement in meat, poultry and fish products
Vivid! : the allure of color in design
Color planning for interiors : an integrated approach to color in designed spaces
How the fox got his color = Miten kettu sai värinsä : bilingual Finnish - English
Proficiency test SYKE 2/2013 : Chlorophyll a, colour, conductivity, nutrients, pH and turbidity in natural waters
More alive with color : personal colors, personal style
Relative importance of different coloration, smell and shape in the predation of wasps : field experiments on hunting dragonflies (Odonata: Aeshna grandis)
Color inspirations : more than 3,000 innovative palettes from the COLOURlovers.com community
Falling in love again : romantic comedy in contemporary cinema
The aim of this work was to evaluate the main quality traits in the parental lines of wheat segregating populations to identify the best for subsequent genetic mapping of the traits. Significant differences (p < 0.001) among wheat genotypes were observed. Many of the examined crosses appeared to be suitable for the purpose, showing differences among parental lines as high as 4.6% for protein content, 6.4% for gluten content, 69 for gluten index, 50 mL for sodium dodecyl sulphate sedimentation volume, and 33.9 g for thousand-kernel weight, whereas differences accounting for 4.8, 2.4, and 7.3 were observed for yellow index, red index and brown index, respectively. The results pointed out that for studying at the same time the quantitative and qualitative features of gluten, the wheat populations derived from Latino x MG29896 and Saragolla x 02-5B-318 could be particularly appropriate. In addition, the latter cross was suitable to deepen the knowledge of yellow index regulation.
Red in Russian art
Colour response in drying of nordic hardwoods
A dictionary of colour : a lexicon of the language of colour
Web Design for iMind
Iris pigmentation of Skolt Lapps and Finns
Chemical characteristics of surface colour of birch veneer (Betula pendula)
Analysis of cosmetic products
Why red doesn't sound like a bell : understanding the feel of consciousness
External stimulation of anthocyanin biosynthesis in apple fruit
Use of reflectance measurementas to study turbid media by imaging
Digital retouching and compositing : photographers' guide
The socially distributed cognition of musical timbre : a convergence of semantic, perceptual, and acoustic aspects
Colour in the making : from old wisdom to new brilliance
Application of the lattice-Boltzmann method for simulating attachment of ink particles in paper
Playing with color : 50 graphic experiments for exploring color design principles
Color in packaging design : Case: ZheJiang JinSheng packaging Co,Ltd
Left atrial appendage volume in acute stroke
One of the problems facing the meat industry is the rapid decolouration of products elaborated with paprika, known as red line meat products. To evaluate the redness loss in such products, three different paprika types were used to elaborate two fresh and two marinated products. CIELAB chromatic parameters were measured during the shelf life of these products, and redness loss at the end of this period was analysed. The use of paprika elaborated from selected varieties of pepper (<i>Capsicum annuum</i> L.) confers higher initial redness and better colour stability. Colour-related consumer preference for these products is also discussed.
Assessment of skin physiology is moving rapidly away from a purely descriptive approach as we gain a deeper understanding of biophysical and biochemical processes in the stratum corneum, such as those relating to its barrier function and hydration. As a result of research utilizing bioengineering methods, reliable and reproducible approaches are now available for product testing in the pharmaceutical and cosmetic industry as well as in basic research. This book examines in detail all aspects of cosmetic testing -- legal, general, and practical. After discussion of regulatory and ethical issues and guidelines, essential guidance is provided on the planning, performance, and evaluation of scientific studies in skin physiology. The topics addressed range from laboratory and staffing requirements through to testing devices and methods, factors influencing measurements, and study design. In addition, detailed information is provided on test settings for a range of cosmetic products. All of the authors are recognized experts in their field. This book will be invaluable to researchers, students, and medical staff in explaining how best to assess skin functions in controlled studies using non-invasive biophysical instruments.
Hindcasting baseline values for water colour and total phosphorus concentration in lakes using sedimentary diatoms : implications for lake typology in Finland
Red snow in the Kilpisjärvi region, North Finland
Colour is so fundamental a part of the natural world that we tend to take it for granted. This is equally true of colour in paintings, where its function - as well as being descriptive - may be symbolic, emotional, a purely formal element in the design, or all of these. Yet when looking at paintings which appear to be representations of the 'real world', we may be quite unaware of the materials that make up colour, and how artists manipulate these to convey form and substance. 'A Closer Look: Colour' explores the ways in which artists have used colour, and describes the pigments characteristic of a particular period, the effect on colour of the painter's chosen medium, and how the development of new pigments dramatically extended the palette. Optics, and the comparative merits of colour and drawing, have preoccupied painters for centuries, and the authors outline the major theories expounded in artists' treatises. Detailed studies of paintings from across the National Gallery's Collection, from van Eyck to Seurat, provide vivid illustrations of the extraordinary variety of colour in the history of European painting.
Spectrophotometry : accurate measurement of optical properties of materials
Highly clickable web banner ads for customers of Advertising Media Finland OY
Accuracy and reliability of mastitis detection with electrical conductivity and milk colour measurement in automatic milking
On the analysis of ink content in recycled pulps
B.P.R.D. : Hell on Earth. [13] : end of days
The genetics of anthocyanin reddening in apple fruit skin
The molecular mechanisms and evolutionary significance of plumage colour variation in pied flycatchers (Ficedula hypoleuca)
