http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2132 railings
railings
Development of vehicle parapets with safe impact performance for bridges
The purpose of this thesis was to develop and intensify the design procedures in Paroc Oy Ab. The goal was to study different methods and harmonize ways of conducting design work. There was a great need for this because in addition to Paroc's own designers, the services of consulting designers from outside of the company were also used. Between companies there are major differences in using certain procedures and when designers are used from outside of the company the design work has to be harmonized so that manufacturing and maintenance would be more efficient. The emphasis in this thesis is on SolidWorks design and helpful tools such as the PDM that are used in the SolidWorks environment. The goal was to create standardized solutions for platforms, stairs, guard-rails, duct accessories and safety nets. The interpretation of technical standards has a great role in creating standardized parts. The possibilities of more efficient component use and the file archive system were studied to make the procedures as efficient as possible for the design work. Fast development of technical solutions and software to be considered when analyzing the results of this thesis as the conclusions may not be valid in the future.
Stairs and Railings
Stairs & railings : step-by-step projects
Constructing staircases, balustrades & landings
The Complete Guide to Decks : A Step-by-Step manual for Building Basic and Customized Decks
Ironwork today 3 : inside and out
Stainless steel tubular handrails and balustrades
Forged architectural metalwork
Repair & Renovate: floors & stairs
Architectural ironwork
Building stairs
Modern practical stairbuilding and handrailing : for the use of workmen, builders, architects, and others
A Business Plan for Anhui Xiongfeng Protection Facilities Co.,Ltd.
Ironwork today : Inside & out
Sky gardens : rooftops, balconies, and terraces
Koneiden turvallisuus = Safety of machinery. Osa 5 = Part 5, Kulkutiet = Means of access
The golden age of ironwork
Building decks : from the editors of Fine homebuilding
Decks & Decking : 15 step-by-step projects : Quick and easy ideas to enhance your garden
