http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21368 neuropsychiatry
neuropsychiatry
Method in madness : case studies in cognitive neuropsychiatry
Advancing from the ventral striatum to the extended amygdala : implications for neuropsychiatry and drug abuse : in honor of Lennart Heimer
The brain warrior's way : ignite your energy and focus, attack illness and aging, transform pain into purpose
Genetic heterogeneity in autism spectrum disorders in a population isolate
Neuropsychology of PTSD : biological, cognitive, and clinical perspectives
Does stress damage the brain? : understanding trauma-related disorders from a mind-body perspective
Neuro : the new brain sciences and the management of the mind
Lishman's organic psychiatry : a textbook of neuropsychiatry
Cognitive impairment in systemic lupus erythematosus and neuropsychiatric systemic lupus erythematosus : a population-based neuropsychological study
The anatomy of violence : the biological roots of crime
Timothy B. Stokes overturns old formulas - and many Freudian concepts - for achieving personal change. During one's lifetime, hidden memories, along with their misleading assumptions, can unconsciously trigger conflicted feelings - the basis for most psychological problems, large and small. What Freud Didn't Know , well-supported by research and groundbreaking in theory, combines neuroscience and psychology to explain how the amygdala region of the brain evolved to unconsciously record, store, and activate emotional memory loops and imagery associated with painful events, especially those of childhood. This book is the first to bring together diverse, post-Freudian discoveries to produce a coherent three-step practice for understanding problematic aspects of the human mind which can be mastered easily, in a clinical or self-help setting. Stokes explores recent breakthroughs, many in marked contrast to Freud's views, which will change how we view psychological and emotional problems and their treatments. Grounded in current theories about brain circuitry, What Freud Didn't Know integrates ideas about mindfulness, habitual thinking, and insight imagery and provides readers with the tools to rescript their personal narratives for psychological well-being. As an alternative approach to treating stress, most types of depression, anxiety, and phobias without prescription drugs, Stokes' three-step practice can be used to build resiliency and inner peace. The book offers an overview of the Three-Step Practice for Mastering Amygdala Scripts: Step 1: Mindfulness and the Emotion Component of a Script; Step 2: Insight and the Image Component; and, Step 3: Changing the Belief Component.
Clinical Neuroscience informs students of relevant neurobiological foundations of various mental illnesses. In this book, students will begin their journey with a tour of the brain's fundamental building blocks (neuroanatomy, neurochemistry, neurophysiology, neurodevelopment) before moving to mental health challenges and illnesses (Traumatic brain injury, Parkinson's Disease, Addiction, Schizophrenia, Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder, Depression). The final section of the book includes chapters addressing topics thought to be important for building resilience against the emergence of mental illness; these chapters cover the topics of adaptive coping strategies, hunger regulation, and the nexus between mental and immune functions. Throughout the text, the value of empirical evidence is emphasized so that meaningful progress can be made toward the identification of the most effective treatment strategies. By understanding multiple neurobiological perspectives such as neuroanatomical, behavioral, evolutionary, and neurochemical approaches currently existing in the field, students will be better prepared to conceptualize the relevant components of these mental health puzzles. Features such as opening chapter vignettes (Connections), case studies (A Case in Point) and feature boxes (Brain Matters) illuminate the course content for students as they learn about the value of translational research.
"The Handbook of Stress: Neuropsychological Effects on the Brain is an authoritative guide to the effects of stress on brain health, with a collection of articles that reflect the most recent findings in the field. Presents cutting edge findings on the effects of stress on brain health Examines stress influences on brain plasticity across the lifespan, including links to anxiety, PTSD, and clinical depression Features contributions by internationally recognized experts in the field of brain health Serves as an essential reference guide for scholars and advanced students "--Provided by publisher.
Exploring genetic susceptibility to autism spectrum disorders
Neuropsychiatric involvement in systemic lupus erythematosus
Pediatric neuropsychological intervention : a critical review of science & practice
Mind, brain, and schizophrenia
Cognitive rehabilitation for neuropsychiatric disorders
The science of the art of psychotherapy
Clinical neuroscience : psychopathology and the brain
The Oxford handbook of neuroethics
What Freud didn't know : a three-step practice for emotional well-being through neuroscience and psychology
Textbook of clinical neuropsychiatry
Cognitive neurology : a clinical textbook
Burnout, bipolar or borreliosis? : a diagnostic dilemma behind prolonged disability
Change your brain, change your life
Brain-based therapy with adults : evidence-based treatment for everyday practice
"Brain-Based Therapy with Adults: Evidence-Based Treatment for Everyday Practice" provides a straightforward, integrated approach that looks at what we currently know about the brain and how it impacts and informs treatment interventions. Authors John Arden and Lloyd Linford, experts in neuroscience and evidence-based practice, reveal how this new kind of therapy takes into account the uniqueness of each client. Presentation of detailed background and evidence-based interventions for common adult disorders such as anxiety and depression offers you expert advice you can put into practice immediately.
How the brain talks to itself : a clinical primer of psychotherapeutic neuroscience
Looking inside the brain : the power of neuroimaging
Psychiatric management in neurological disease
Neuropsychological assessment of neuropsychiatric and neuromedical disorders
Marketing : an introduction
It is now possible to witness human brain activity while we are talking, reading, or thinking, thanks to revolutionary neuroimaging techniques like magnetic resonance imaging (MRI). These groundbreaking advances have opened infinite fields of investigation--into such areas as musical perception, brain development in utero, and faulty brain connections leading to psychiatric disorders--and have raised unprecedented ethical issues. In Looking Inside the Brain, one of the leading pioneers of the field, Denis Le Bihan, offers an engaging account of the sophisticated interdisciplinary research in physics, neuroscience, and medicine that have led to the remarkable neuroimaging methods that give us a detailed look into the human brain. Introducing neurological anatomy and physiology, Le Bihan walks readers through the historical evolution of imaging technology--from the X-ray and CT scan to the PET scan and MRI--and he explains how neuroimaging uncovers afflictions like stroke or cancer and the workings of higher-order brain activities, such as language skills. Le Bihan also takes readers on a behind-the-scenes journey through NeuroSpin, his state-of-the-art neuroimaging laboratory, and goes over the cutting-edge scanning devices currently being developed. Considering what we see when we look at brain images, Le Bihan weighs what might be revealed about our thoughts and unconscious, and discusses how far this technology might go in the future. Beautifully illustrated in color, Looking Inside the Brain presents the trailblazing story of the scanning techniques that provide keys to previously unimagined knowledge of our brains and our selves. – WorldCat.
From the couch to the lab : trends in psychodynamic neuroscience
Essentials of neuropsychiatry and clinical neurosciences
The handbook of stress : neuropsychological effects on the brain
Brain immune gene network in inbred mouse models of anxiety- and sociability-related neuropsychiatric disorders
Clinical neuroscience : the neurobiological foundations of mental health
Change your brain, change your life : the breakthrough programme for conquering anger, anxiety, obsessiveness and depression
