http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21333 gender sensitivity
gender sensitivity
Political parties, parliaments and legislative speechmaking
Leadership through the gender lens : women and men in organisations
Ah, what is it? - That I heard : Katherine Mansfield'’s Wings of wonder
Rhetoric or reality? : Contracts in aid chains and their impact on gender outcomes
Gendered rural spaces
Diakonia in a gender perspective
Gendered migration patterns within a sex segregated labor market
Language and sexism
Conversation and gender
Gender, vulnerability and the obligation to return : an overview of return assistance to 'rejected' asylum seekers in the Nordic countries
Infant temperament and maternal sensitivity behavior in the first year of life
The post-Fordist sexual contract : working and living in contingency
Corpus and sociolinguistics : investigating age and gender in female talk
Because I tell a joke or two : comedy, politics, and social difference
The issue of sexist language has been hotly debated within feminist circles since the 1960s. Previous books have tended to regard sexism in language as easy to identify and have suggested solutions to overcome and counter sexism. Sara Mills takes a fresh and more critical look at sexism in language, and argues that even in feminist circles it has become a problematic concept. Drawing on conversational and textual data collected over the last ten years, and with reference to recent research carried out in a range of different academic disciplines, Mills suggests that there are two forms of sexism - overt and indirect. Overt sexism is clear and unambiguous, while indirect sexism is based on pragmatics and the meaning and interpretation of utterances. Indirect sexism is extremely common and we therefore need new ways to challenge and analyse its usage in language.
The spirit of the narrative is mankind’s reflexive consciousness, or poetic genius ? our unique access to ourselves, our desperate endeavour “to be REAL”. It brings to light the dark unknown which is the zest of our lives; it gives shape to the tremor of our inner souls ? otherwise nearly imperceptible. “Ah, what is it? ? that I heard”, Katherine Mansfield wondered throughout her whole life and writings ? poems and stories, letters and notebooks. Through the metamorphic movement of her highly sensitive, perceptive mind, she highlights the deep ambivalence of light and dark, mirth and awe, fear and longing which is the keen feature of our naked existence. She sketches her epic motifs with a dedicated sense of wonder. 0A true poet, she returns, as Baudelaire, Keats, Hopkins, Proust, or Shakespeare, to the origins of language ? This poignant contrast of light and dark following the alternate rhythm of night and day, of yielding to darkness and converting it into speech: “Let there be light.” Poetic language is performative. It means an everlasting questioning over the abyss ? with wings of wonder upon the face of the deep.0This volume will also be of interest to scholars and dedicated readers who wish to share in the current reassessment of Katherine Mansfield’s poetic achievement. Her awareness of the literary tradition and modernity, the utmost finesse of her artistic thought, the boldness of her temper make her a major twentieth-century poet.
Girls, women and crime : selected readings
Gendered structures and processes in primary teacher education - challenge for gender-sensitive pedagogy
Women and crime : a text/reader
Men engaging feminisms : pro-feminism, backlashes and schooling
Prospects for sustainable return : Iraqi and Afghan asylum seekers in Finland
"Gendering the Reader" is a collection of essays which aims to explore the relationship between gender and reading/interpretation. Rather than accepting a simple argument that women interpret texts differently, the contributors to this volume are concerned to explore the way that gender does and does not make a difference in a wide variety of interpretive contexts - in film, literature, TV, art, pop-songs, advertisements and magazines. The book presents a cogent synthesis of current research across the fields of film theory, cultural studies, media analysis, literary theory and sociology. "Gendering the Reader" poses important questions not only about the reading/viewing/hearing process, but also about the nature of gender differences.
Is Coeducation An Untouchable Dogma? : Breaking Ground in the Introduction of Single-Sex Education
Person reference and gender in translation : a contrastive investigation of English and German
Lessons on profiting from diversity
The praxis of social inequality in media : a global perspective
Journalism in conflict and post-conflict conditions : worldwide perspectives
"Why do some Members of Parliament (MPs) take the parliamentary floor and speak more than others? Why do some MPs deviate more than others from the ideological position of their party? This book develops hypotheses on legislative speechmaking and evaluates them by analysing parliamentary debates in seven European democracies: Czech Republic, Estonia, Finland, Germany, Ireland, Norway and Sweden. Assuming that MPs are concerned with policy-making, career advancement, and re-election, the authors discuss various incentives to taking the floor, and elaborate on the role of gender and psychological incentives in speechmaking. They test their expectations on a novel dataset that covers information on the number of speeches held by MPs and on the ideological positions MPs adopted when delivering a speech. "--
New directions in postheroic entrepreneurship : narratives of gender and ethnicity
Drawing difference : connections between gender and drawing
Gender and culture in psychology : theories and practices
Cities and gender
Paradox and promise in the Philippines : a joint country gender assessment
Gendering the reader
Disaster risk reduction from gender perspective a case study from Nicaragua
Business and gender : critical perspectives on business and management
Gendered perspectives on rehabilitation after involuntary resettlement in urban Sri Lanka
Queering the gothic
Big sisters : spacing women workers in the clothing industry : a study on flexible production and flexible women
A biocultural approach to literary theory and interpretation
Analysing gender representations in school textbooks
Women on corporate boards of directors : international research and practice
Edited by Meda Chesney-Lind and Lisa Pasko, "Girls, Women and Crime: Selected Readings, Second Edition" is a compilation of journal articles on the female offender written by leading researchers in the field of criminology and women's studies. The individual sections in the book survey four major areas: theories of female criminality, literature on female juvenile delinquents, and women as offenders and women in prison. The readings in "Girls, Women, and Crime" focus on two central questions: How does gender matter in crime and the justice system? What characterizes women's and girls' pathway to crime? In answering these key questions, the contributors reveal the complex worlds females in the criminal justice system must often negotiate-worlds that are frequently riddled with violence, victimization, discrimination, and economic marginalization.
