http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21323 old books
old books
As the daughter of a drug dealer, Wavy knows not to trust people, not even her own parents. It's safer to keep her mouth shut and stay out of sight. Struggling to raise her little brother, Donal, eight-year-old Wavy is the only responsible adult around. Obsessed with the constellations, she finds peace in the starry night sky above the fields behind her house, until one night her star gazing causes an accident. After witnessing his motorcycle wreck, she forms an unusual friendship with one of her father's thugs, Kellen, a tattooed ex-con with a heart of gold. By the time Wavy is a teenager, her relationship with Kellen is the only tender thing in a brutal world of addicts and debauchery. When tragedy rips Wavy's family apart, a well-meaning aunt steps in, and what is beautiful to Wavy looks ugly under the scrutiny of the outside world. Kellen may not be innocent, but he is the fixed point in Wavy and Donal's chaotic universe. Instead of playing it safe, Wavy has to learn to fight for Kellen, for her brother, and for herself.
The marriage of opposites : a novel based on the life of Rachel Pizzarro
The buried giant : a novel
When my heart was wicked
Abstract in english.
Marks of genius : masterpieces from the collections of the Bodleian Libraries
Kyŏnggi-do Pangmulgwan myŏngpʻumson = Masterpieces from the collections of the Gyeonggi Provincial Museum
Mean moms rule : why doing the hard stuff now creates good kids later
Historical linguistics and Biblical Hebrew : steps toward an integrated approach
Music : early books, manuscripts, portraits and autographs
All the ugly and wonderful things : a novel
Opis na evrejskite staropečatni knigi v B"lgariâ = Descriptive catalogue of the old printed hebrew books in Bulgaria. Tom 1, čast' 1, XVI vek. Do 1540 g.
Children in families : research and policy
How to unspoil your child fast : a speedy, complete guide to contented children and happy parents
Already home
Linking the worlds of script and print : catalogues of European manuscripts and early printed books
A long way home
How Eskimos keep their babies warm and other adventures in parenting (from Argentina to Tanzania and everywhere in between)
Sister's choice
Deuteronomy-Kings as emerging authoritative books : a conversation
An elementary French grammar: for colleges, high schools and academies
Abstractions of evidence in the study of manuscripts and early printed books
Biblical scholars have long claimed that the Israelites "could not conceive of a disembodied nefesh [soul]." In this book, Richard C. Steiner rejects that claim based on a broad spectrum of textual, linguistic, archaeological, and anthropological evidence spanning the millennia from prehistoric times to the present. The biblical evidence includes a prophecy of Ezekiel condemning women who pretend to trap the wandering souls of sleeping people - prophecy that has been only partially understood until now because of the obscure technical terms that it contains. The extrabiblical evidence suggests that a belief in the existence of disembodied souls was part of the common religious heritage of the peoples of the ancient Near East.--Provided by publisher.
Epidemiologic studies on overweight and obesity in adolescents : the role of early-life risk factors, eating patterns and common genetic variants
Symptoms of depression in elderly : a comparative study on people aged 65 years and above living in an old age home and in their own home in Nepal
Raising parents : attachment, parenting and child safety
What the light hides
Provenience starih tiskov Narodne in univerzitetne knjižnice = Provenances of the National and university libraryʼs old prints
This heartwarming women's fiction series from beloved New York Times bestselling author Mary Alice Monroe centers on Marietta Colson Muir, a dowager of Charleston society who has retired to her historic summer home on Sullivan's Island called Conquest, and her three granddaughters Carson, Eudora, and Harper. It's summer once again on idyllic Sullivan's Island, but Eudora, or Dora as she's affectionately called by her family, is feeling anything but perfect. With a perpetually withdrawn son and an impending divorce, the pressure is just too much to handle, and Dora cracks, suffering what the doctors are calling 'Broken Heart' syndrome. Mamaw, Lucille, Harper, and Carson all rally around Dora to support her and nurse her back to health--however, it seems Dora isn't the only one falling apart this summer. Between Lucille's health scare and an unexpected surprise that has Carson reconsidering her life's direction, it looks like all the women of Sullivan's Island could use some TLC. When Sullivan's is hit with a tropical storm, it will be up to the three sisters to band together and weather the tempest together--both the one outside their windows, and the raging sea of emotions within each one of them.
Disembodied souls : the Nefesh in Israel and kindred spirits in the ancient Near East, with an appendix on the Katumuwa Inscription
"Here I could say what I probably wouldn't have said elsewhere" : teachers' peer group as a narrative environment.
By its cover
Princess in the spotlight
The virgin suicides
The summer's end
Natural dynamics of old-growth Picea abies forest : spatial and temporal patterns, northern Sweden
Son of a gun : a memoir
Postoperative pain management in hospitalized children : focus on non-pharmacological pain relieving methods from the viewpoints of nurses, parents and children
"From the New York Times bestselling author of The Dovekeepers and The Museum of Extraordinary Things: a forbidden love story set on the tropical island of St. Thomas about the extraordinary woman who gave birth to painter Camille Pissarro the Father of Impressionism"-- Provided by publisher
Unplug your kids : a parent's guide to raising happy, active, and well-adjusted children in the digital age
Toward a home-school health partnership : a participatory action research study, 2008-2010
"This volume investigates Deuteronomy's subversive intent within its social context, and reconsiders the relationship between Deuteronomy and Assyria, its relationship to ancient Near Eastern and biblical treaty and loyalty oath traditions, and the relevance of its treaty affinities to discussions of its date"--
Ambassadors of the book : competences and training for heritage librarians
The forgotten kingdom : the archaeology and history of Northern Israel
What she left behind
The lost daughter
Social competence and loneliness during the school years : issues in assessment, interrelations and intergenerational transmission
Event-related potential (ERP) studies of mother-infant interaction
Imagining the past in France : history in manuscript painting, 1250-1500
Early printed books as material objects : proceedings of the conference organized by the IFLA Rare Books and Manuscripts Section Munich, 19-21 August 2009
Izzy Stone struggles to solve the mysteries surrounding her mentally ill mother and discover a place to truly call home.
Fashion & Virtue : textile patterns and the print revolution 1520-1620
Evrejskie inkunabuly : opisanie èkzemplârov, hranâŝihsâ v bibliotekah Moskvy i Leningrada = Hebrew incunabula : description of publications kept in libraries of Moskow and Leningrad
Airborne laser scanning based identification and interpretation on ecologically important old-growth forest habitats in natural conservation areas
When Leda's daughters leave home to be with their father, she decides to take a trip to a small coastal town in Italy, but soon after she arrives memories from her unsettled past come back to haunt her.
Deceptions : a Cainsville novel
August : Osage County
Non-pharmacological methods in children's postoperative pain relief in China
The introduction of the pneumococcal conjugate vaccine into cameroon's expanded programme on immunisation : would every child be reached?
Kyujanggak and the cultural history of books
Analiz organičenij lesopol'zovaniâ ha osobo ohranâemyh prirodnyh territoriâh i v malonarušennyh lesah Respubliki Kareliâ = The analysis of wood harvesting restrictions in conservation areas and old-growth forests of the Republic of Karelia
Israel and the Assyrians : Deuteronomy, the succession treaty of Esarhaddon, and the nature of subversion
Effects of changes in land-use, age-structure and management on carbon dynamics of European forests
Everything baby sign language book : get an early start communicating with your baby!
Preliminary descriptions of the manuscript and printed fragments in Kulturparken Småland, Växjö
Eikonopoiia : digital imaging of ancient textual heritage : proceedings of the international conference, Helsinki, 28 -29 November, 2010 /edited by Vesa Vahtikari, Mika Hakkarainen, Antti nurminen
Book of souls
The book thief
Becoming Nicole : the transformation of an American family
Books as history : the importance of books beyond their texts
The history of making books
Toxic parents : overcoming their hurtful legacy and reclaiming your life
"I will set his hand on the sea, and his right hand on the river" : North West Semitic Kingship and the sea of combat myth : a survey of Hebrew poetry in light of ancient Near Eastern evidence
The Emmaus code : finding Jesus in the Old Testament
Children's health, self-care and the use of self-medication : a population-based study in Finland
The Book of the Twelve and the new form criticism
Post-natal depression : psychology, science and the transition to motherhood
A guide to early printed books and manuscripts
Daylight saving
The summer wind
Father loss : daughters discuss the man that got away
Essential baby sign language : the most important 75 signs you can teach your baby
Katalog starotatarskih knig v Rossijskoj Akademii nauk = Catalogue of the old tatar books in the Russian academy of sciences : (1802-1931)
Demonstrates how printmakers of the Northern Renaissance, far from merely illustrating the ideas of others, contributed to scientific investigations of their time. This title features reproductions of woodcuts, engravings, and etchings; maps, globe gores, and globes; and, paper scientific instruments used for observation and measurement.
The crafte of lymmyng and the maner of steynyng : middle English recipes for painters, stainers, scribes, and illuminators
The wooden chair
Involved parenthood : everyday lives of Swedish middle-class families
Kyujanggak : rediscovering its history and culture
Parents' perceptions and alleviation of children's postoperative pain at home after day surgery
Prints and the pursuit of knowledge in early modern Europe
"Contributors to this volume explore the theoretical issues at stake in recent changes in form criticism and the practical outcomes of applying the results of these theoretical shifts to the Book of the Twelve. This volume combines self-conscious methodological reflection with practical examination of specific texts in an effort to demonstrate the practical consequences of theoretical decisions and the value of certain methodological stances"--
Terms of endearment : a novel : with a new preface
Priests and cults in the Book of the Twelve
Nora Webster : a novel
From around the mid 13th to the end of the 16th century, the most important and original work being done in secular illumination was unquestionably in French vernacular history manuscripts. This title celebrates the historical imagery produced during these years.
Biblioteka Radzivillov Nesvižskoj ordinacii : katalog izdanij iz fonda Central'noj naučnoj biblioteki imeni Âkuba Kolasa Nacional'noj akademii nauk Belarusi : XV-XVI veka = Library of the Radziwills' of Nesvizh ordynation : catalogue of publications from the stock of the Yakub Kolas Cental science library of the National academy of sciences of Belarus, XV-XVI centuries
Virtual visits to lost libraries : reconstruction of and access to dispersed collections : papers presented on 5 November 2010, at the CERL Seminar hosted by the Royal Library of Denmark, Copenhagen
Epigraphy, philology, and the Hebrew Bible : methodological perspectives on philological and comparative study of the Hebrew Bible in honor of Jo Ann Hackett
The princess diaries
Mathematical elements of natural philosophy, confirm'd by experiments : or, an introduction to sir Isaac Newton's philosophy. Vol. II
This volume contains a collection of new editions of all the known fourteenth- and fifteenth-century Middle English technical recipes for painters, strainers, scribes, illuminators, and dyers, written c. 1300-1500. Most are previously unpublished and many are previously unknown. The collection contains 125 sets of recipes (around 1500 individual recipes), taken from 95 manuscripts, and forms the largest published corpus of such recipes in any language. These anonymous craft recipes describe the preparation of materials, outline their uses, advise on decorative effects, and confide tricks of the trade. In addition to recipes for conventional painting and illuminating are a number for 'staining' (figurative painting on cloth) which provide the only practical information on this one widely-practised, but now lost, English medium. The editor also identifies for the first time the earliest surviving recipes for block printing on textiles. The recipes are professional in origin, but were subsequently taken over by amateurs and encyclopaedists. Household recipes for colouring wax, fishing lines, hair, and food complete the collection. Most of the texts were originally composed in English; few are translated from pre-existing material. They are a valuable record of Middle English technical vocabulary, much of it previously unrecorded. The collection should appeal to a wide range of disciplines: students of medieval English, medieval historians, historians of fine art, and professional conservators, including those engaged in museum studies.
