http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21436 corpus linguistics
corpus linguistics
Corpus linguistics and the web
Perspectives on corpus linguistics
English philology and corpus studies : a festschrift in honour of Mitsunori Imai to celebrate his seventieth birthday
Corpus Linguistics seeks to provide a comprehensive sampling of real-life usage in a given language, and to use these empirical data to test language hypotheses. Modern corpus linguistics began fifty years ago, but the subject has seen explosive growth since the early 1990s. These days corpora are being used to advance virtually every aspect of language study, from computer processing techniques such as machine translation, to literary stylistics, social aspects of language use, and improved language-teaching methods. Because corpus linguistics has grown fast from small beginnings, newcomers to the field often find it hard to get their bearings. Important papers can be difficult to track down. This volume reprints forty-two articles on corpus linguistics by an international selection of authors, which comprehensively illustrate the directions in which the subject is developing. It includes articles that are already recognized as classics, and others which deserve to become so, supplemented with editorial introductions relating the individual contributions to the field as a whole. This collection of readings will be useful to students of corpus linguistics at both undergraduate and postgraduate level, as well as academics researching this fascinating area of linguistics.
A model for composing and (re-)using text materials for linguistic research
A corpus-driven study of discourse intonation : the Hong Kong corpus of spoken English (prosodic)
Sociolinguistics and corpus linguistics
Language in Scotland : corpus-based studies
"In recent years the increasing availability of large electronic corpora has led to a methodological shift in linguistics from intuition-based research to work that utilises electronic corpora as a source of data. This shift has given rise to a new perspective on work on complementation. This book presents the latest work in the field of complementation studies. Leading scholars and upcoming researchers in the area approach complementation from various perspectives and different frameworks, such as Cognitive Grammar and construction grammars, to offer a broad survey of the field and provide thought-provoking reading accessible to anyone interested in complementation, novice or expert"--
Corpus linguistics. Volume IV, Methods and applications
Gender-based use of negative concord in non-standard American English
Corpus linguistics : critical concepts in linguistics. Vol. 6
Corpus linguistics : critical concepts in linguistics. Vol. 3
Semantic prosody : a critical evaluation
The standout star and the throne of Nigella : constructing gender roles and identities in blurbs
Lexical cohesion and corpus linguistics
Noun complementation in English : a corpus-based study of structural types and patterns
Univariate, bivariate, and multivariate methods in corpus-based lexicography : a study of synonymy
The mechanisms of enacting movie scripts in before sunrise and before sunset
The web as corpus : theory and practice
Islamophobia as the New McCarthyism : a comparative critical discourse analysis
Corpora in the foreign language classroom : selected papers from the Sixth International Conference on Teaching and Language Corpora (TaLC 6), University of Granada, Spain, 4-7 July, 2004
System and corpus : exploring connections
Corpus linguistics : an international handbook
The multilingual forest : investigating high-quality parallel corpus development
Corpus linguistics with BNCweb : a practical guide
Corpus linguistics : an international handbook. Vol. 2
Adverbial subordination in English : a functional approach
A semantic comparison of adjectives in original English language travel brochures and in Finnish travel brochures translated in English
A look at respect : investigating metonymies in Early Modern English
"I request you to kindly do the needful and oblige" : colonial lag in politeness and fomality in Indian English
Superlative verbs : a corpus-based study of semantic redundancy in English verb-particle constructions
Advances In Corpus-based Contrastive Linguistics : Studies in Honour of Stig Johansson
A corpus study of the phraseology of written argumentative English : a subsequent exploration of the uses of concordancing and corpora in the teaching and autonomous learning of EAP
English corpora under Japanese eyes
Corpus linguistics : readings in a widening discipline
Corpus-based language studies : an advanced resource book
Corpus-based methods in language and speech processing
Corpus-based perspectives in linguistics
Politeness in questions : an analysis of the language teaching textbook dialogues from the 16th century to the 18th century
Corpus analysis : language structure and language use
Apples and oranges : a comparative analysis of blogs and marketing texts which share an audience
Independent infinitives in Early English correspondence : syntax and pragmatics in interaction
The status of corpus-based study in syntax, Seili 8.-9.1983
Doing corpus linguistics
How to do things with texts : patterns of instruction in religious discourse 1350-1700
"In the last decade, the availability of corpora and the technological advancements of corpus analysis tools have increased dramatically. Applied linguistics and linguistics scholars have greater access to data from around the world and in a variety of languages through websites, blogs, and social networking sites, and there is a high level of interest among these scholars in applying corpora and corpus-based methods to other research areas, particularly sociolinguistics. This innovative guidebook presents a systematic, in-depth account of using corpora in sociolinguistic research. It introduces and expands the application of corpora and corpus approaches/tools in sociolinguistic research, surveys the growing number of studies in corpus-based sociolinguistics, and provides instructions and options in how to design and develop a corpus-based sociolinguistics study. Readers will find practical information on such contemporary topics as using the web as a corpus, megacorpora, and web registers. Vignettes, case studies, discussion questions, and activities throughout further enhance students' involvement of the material and provide opportunities for hands-on practice of the methods discussed. This complete and accessible guide to corpus-based sociolinguistics is a must-read for any student or scholar interested in exploring this popular and promising approach to sociolinguistic research"--
Translating Hitler's "Mein Kampf" : a corpus-aided discourse-analytical study
Corpus-based studies in language use, language learning, and language documentation
Towards a corpus-based history of specialized languages : Middle English Medical Texts
Bank of English and beyond : hand-crafted parsers for functional annotation
It takes an age to do a Chomsky
Perspectives on complementation : structure, variation and boundaries
Automatic treatment and analysis of learner corpus data
New methods in historical corpora
The past, present and future of English historical corpora : Helsinki Corpus Festival : 28 Sept - 2 Oct, 2011, [Tieteiden talo], Helsinki, Finland : book of abstracts
The acquisition of German modal particles : a copus-based approach
Clefts in English and Swedish : a contrastive study of IT-clefts and WH-clefts in original texts and translations
Is the word whom still used in English?
InterCorp: exploring a multilingual corpus
Impoliteness in corpora : a comparative analysis of British English and spoken Turkish
Documenting the emergence of the BATMAT corpus
Variation and change in spoken and written discourse : perspectives from corpus linguistics
The changing face of corpus linguistics
Corpus linguistics : critical concepts in linguistics. Vol. 4
The function and use of to and of in multi-word units
"The highly frequent word items TO and OF are often conceived merely as prepositions, carrying little meaning in themselves. This book disputes that notion by analysing the usage patterns found for OF and TO in different sets of text corpora. Looking at historical roots and earlier corpus linguistic research, this study demonstrates that both OF and TO have clear semantic and pragmatic functions. The book analyses corpora from three types of text: spoken, semi-prepared spoken such as speeches, and written fiction to explore how the two words are used in English overall and what genre-specific characteristics stand out"--
Corpus linguistics for grammar : a guide for research
Using corpora in discourse analysis
Finnish summary.
Form and function of parasyntatic presentation structures : a corpus-based study of talk units in spoken English
A glossary of corpus linguistics
Corpus linguistics : method, theory and practice
Incorporating corpora : the linguist and the translator
From castles to wilderness : keywords creating destination images of the British Isles and Canada : a corpus-based study
Annotating variational space over time
Methods and tools for automating language engineering
Change in contemporary English : a grammatical study
Recent advances in corpus linguistics : developing and exploiting corpora
"Corpus linguistics is the study of language data on a large scale - the computer-aided analysis of very extensive collections of transcribed utterances or written texts. This textbook outlines the basic methods of corpus linguistics, explains how the discipline of corpus linguistics developed, and surveys the major approaches to the use of corpus data. It uses a broad range of examples to show how corpus data has led to methodological and theoretical innovation in linguistics in general. Clear and detailed explanations lay out the key issues of method and theory in contemporary corpus linguistics. A structured and coherent narrative links the historical development of the field to current topics in 'mainstream' linguistics. Practical activities and questions for discussion at the end of each chapter encourage students to test their understanding of what they have read and an extensive glossary provides easy access to definitions of technical terms used in the text"--Provided by publisher.
Corpus perspectives on patterns of lexis
This handbook introduces the field of corpus phonology: the employment of purpose-built phonologically annotated spoken language corpora for studying a wide range of phonological and phonetic phenomena. These include speakers' and listeners' acquisition and knowledge of the sound system of their native language and foreign languages as well as the laws underlying those systems. The field of corpus phonology combines methods and theoretical approaches from phonology, both diachronic and synchronic, phonetics, corpus linguistics, speech technology, information technology and computer science, mathematics, and statistics. The book is divided into four parts: the first deals with the design characteristics, creation, transcription, exploitation, and archiving of phonological corpora; the second presents current corpus-based research in phonetics, phonology, language variation, and language acquisition. In Part III, the most widely used tools for corpus compilation and exploitation are introduced, and Part IV contains descriptions of ten currently available phonological corpora in various languages.
Historical corpus stylistics : media, technology and change
Corpora: Pragmatics and discourse : papers from the 29th International Conference on English Language Research on Computerized Corpora (ICAME 29), Ascona, Switzerland, 14-18 May 2008
A metaphorical pattern analysis of anger, rage, fury, and wrath in the corpus of contemporary American English
What kind of corpus annotation is needed in sociopragmatic research?
Studies in cognitive corpus linguistics
Corpus linguistics : an introduction
From body to web : an introduction to the Web as corpus
The replacement of have by of in complex verb phrases : a sociolinguistic study
From the COLT's mouth -and others' : language corpora studies in honour of Anna-Brita Stenström
Corpus linguistics : critical concepts in linguistics
Third person singular in Finnish translations and non-translations : a corpus-based approach
Corpus-based research in applied linguistics : studies in honor of Doug Biber
A corpus-based analysis of the English tough construction : examination of theoretical structures on the basis of probabilistic corpus studies
Investigating the history of a language depends on fragmentary sources, but electronic corpora offer the possibility of alleviating the problem of bad data. But they cannot overcome it totally, and questions arise of the optimal architecture for a corpus and its representativeness of actual language use, and how a historical corpus can best be annotated to maximize its usefulness. Immense strides have been made in recent years in addressing these questions, with exciting new methods and technological advances. The papers in this volume, which were presented at a conference on New Methods in Historical Corpora (Manchester 2011), exemplify the wide range of these recent developments.
Accuracy across proficiency levels : a learner corpus approach
Based on the systematic analysis of large amounts of computer-readable text, this book shows how the English language has been changing in the recent past, often in unexpected and previously undocumented ways. The study is based on a group of matching corpora, known as the 'Brown family' of corpora, supplemented by a range of other corpus materials, both written and spoken, drawn mainly from the later twentieth century. Among the matters receiving particular attention are the influence of American English on British English, the role of the press, the 'colloquialization' of written English, and a wide range of grammatical topics, including the modal auxiliaries, progressive, subjunctive, passive, genitive and relative clauses. These subjects build an overall picture of how English grammar is changing, and the linguistic and social factors that are contributing to this process.
Discourse on the move : using corpus analysis to describe discourse structure
A mosaic of corpus linguistics : selected approaches
"Yes, and you've not done too badly, after all there's free holidays and hot whiskies and food" : a comparative study of the use of intensifiers in Irish English and British English
"Pleasant excursions may be made" : guidance and modals in the 19th and early 20th century travel guidebooks
"Corpora and Language Education critically examines key concepts and issues in corpus linguistics, with a particular focus on the expanding interdisciplinary nature of the field and the role that written and spoken corpora now play in the fields of professional communication, teacher education, translation studies, lexicography, literature, critical discourse analysis, and forensic linguistics. The book also presents a series of corpus-based case studies illustrating central themes and best practices in the field"--
Happiness and joy in corpus contexts : a cognitive semantic analysis
Svensk sammanfattning: Dokumentation om uppkomsten av the BATMAT corpus.
Syntactic development, its input and output
Form and function of parasyntactic presentation structures : a corpus based study of talk units in spoken English
Coordinated verb pairs in texts
Corpus-based translation studies : research and applications
Processing of customer's requests : analysis of Estonian dialogue corpus
Specialisation and variation in language corpora
Corpus-linguistic applications : current studies, new directions
Corpus linguistics. Volume III, Varieties
Corpus analysis and variation in linguistics
Challenges in categorization : corpus-based studies of adjectival premodifiers in English
A comparative critical discourse analysis on the opposing views of the Chinese and Japanese Ministries of Foreign Affairs on the Senkaku/Diaoyu islands dispute utilizing systemic-functional grammar and corpus linguistics
The things we do with words are reflected in texts and we do things with texts just as we do things with words. This book sets out to explore how texts function in a given discourse community, and how the functions that texts may have in that particular community can be identified and assessed from a diachronic perspective.
Complexity in historical legislative language : statutes of the early modern English period
Computational linguistics in the Netherlands 2000 : selected papers from the eleventh CLIN meeting
What's in a word-list? : investigating word frequency and keyword extraction
Corpus-based sociolinguistics : a guide for students
Computational linguistics in the Netherlands 2001 : selected papers from the twelfth CLIN Meeting
Grammatical change in English world-wide
Introduction
The progressive in modern English : a corpus-based study of grammaticalization and related changes
Information enriched constituents in dialogue
Grammar and disciplinary culture: a corpus-based study
Corpus linguistics. Volume I, Lexical studies
Using corpora to analyze gender
Contemporary corpus linguistics
Multilingual text generation from structured formal representations
Corpus linguistics : applications for the study of English
Academic spoken English : a corpus-based guide to lectures, presentations, seminars and tutorials
Proceedings : International conference on Practical Applications in Language Corpora, Łódz, Poland, 10-14 April 1997
Corpus linguistics around the world
Corpus interrogation and grammatical patterns
Causal categories in discourse and cognition
Translation-based corpus studies : contrasting English and Portuguese tense and aspect systems
Advances in discourse studies
Methods of approaching the study of discourse have developed rapidly in the last ten years, influenced by a growing interdisciplinary spirit among linguistics and anthropology, sociology, cognitive and cultural psychology and cultural studies, as well as among established sub-fields within linguistics itself. Among the more recent developments are an increasing 'critical' turn in discourse analysis, a growing interest in historical, ethnographic and corpus-based approaches to discourse, more concern with the social contexts in which discourse occurs, the social actions that it is used to take and the identities that are constructed through it, as well as a revaluation of what counts as 'discourse' to include multi-modal texts and interaction. Advances in Discourse Studies brings together contributions from leading scholars in the field, investigating the historical and theoretical relationships between new advances in discourse studies and pointing towards new directions for the future of the discipline. Featuring discussion questions, classroom projects and recommended readings at the end of each section, as well as case studies illustrating each approach discussed, this is an invaluable resource for students of interdisciplinary discourse analysis.
Lexical priming in spoken English usage
Corpora and language education
This volume is a corpus study of the construct of accuracy by learners of English as a Foreign Language based on the International Corpus of Learner English. Accuracy is analysed from a developmental point of view at four consecutive levels of language proficiency (B1, B2, C1, C2), thereby providing insights into areas of progress, stabilisation and regression. Written within a computer-aided error analysis research framework, this volume offers valuable information about the development of more than forty error types in a wide variety of domains such as grammar, lexis, lexico-grammar, spelling and punctuation. It provides important methodological considerations for developmental learner corpus research, presents abundantly illustrated analyses of authentic learner errors as well as suggestions for improving the descriptors of the Common European Framework of Reference for Languages.
Marketing language travel destinations to teenagers and adults : are there differences in language?
Corpus linguistics : critical concepts in linguistics. Vol. 2
Natural language processing using very large corpora
Corpus linguistics : critical concepts in linguistics. Vol. 5
Computational linguistics in the Netherlands 2002 : selected papers from the thirteenth CLIN Meeting
Non-standard data sources in corpus-based research
International journal of learner corpus research
Best practices for spoken corpora in linguistic research
Learning with corpora
Parallel corpora, parallel worlds : selected papers from a symposium on parallel and comparable corpora at Uppsala University, Sweden, 22-23 april, 1999
Processing of requests in Estonian institutional dialogues : corpus analysis
Input, process and product : developments in teaching and language corpora
Using corpora in contrastive and translation studies
Insight into the Slovak and Czech corpus linguistics
"Corpus Linguistics is becoming an increasingly important branch of language research and interest has spread noticeably beyond the confines of academia, fuelled by applications like text predicting software. The idea of priming in language goes back to the early 1960s with the concept of a 'Teachable Language Comprehender', which started experiments into language processing and which inspired one of Google's chief engineers. The concept of Lexical Priming (Hoey: 2005) aims to supply answers as to how we can explain word choices and construction forms that are more frequent than laws of probability would allow. This book provides a range of arguments to support the validity of Lexical Priming as a linguistic theory, while it also extends the reach of what Lexical Priming has been used to describe. Beyond the written-text material originally used, this book provides evidence that lexical priming also applies to everyday spoken conversations as its psychological foundations predict that it should"--
Spoken corpus linguistics : from monomodal to multimodal
English corpus linguistics : variation in time, space and genre : selected papers from ICAME 32
International journal of corpus linguistics
"Corpus Linguistics for Grammar provides an accessible and practical overview of how we can use corpus linguistics to analyse grammar. It examines the kinds of corpora available and the tools which can be used to analyse them, demonstrates how features of grammar can be explored using corpora, and provides three illustrative examples of research projects based on corpus data. Targeted at final year undergraduate and postgraduate university students studying within the areas of English Language, Literature, Applied Linguistics and TESOL, this book will be essential reading for any students undertaking grammar corpus research"--
English corpus linguistics in Japan
Exploring newspaper language : using the web to create and investigate a large corpus of modern Norwegian
"Trifling shews of learning"? : Code-switching in English seremons from the Lampeter corpus of Early Modern English tracts, 1640-1740
The linguistics of laughter : a corpus-assisted study of laughter-talk
Semantic role labeling
The Oxford handbook of corpus phonology
Corpora in translation : a practical guide
Fairly pretty or pretty fair? : On the development and grammaticalization of English downtoners
Prepositions in Kenyan English : a corpus-based study in lexico-grammatical variation
Shell nouns in ESL argumentative essays : a corpus-based study of the use of shell nouns by Finnish and Swedish-speaking learners of English
The concessive subordinating conjunctions although, even though and though in written British and American English : a corpus-based study
Corpus linguistics : a short introduction
Variation in English and German nominal coreference : a study of political essays
Comparable corpora in cross-language information retrieval
Keywords in heavy metal lyrics : a date-driven corpus study into the lyrics of five heavy metal subgenres
This handbook provides an up-to-date survey of corpus linguistics. Spoken, written, and multimodal corpora serve as the bases for quantitative and qualitative research on many issues of linguistic interest. The two volumes together comprise 61 articles by renowned experts from around the world. They sketch the history of corpus linguistics and its relationship with neighbouring disciplines, show its potential, discuss its problems, and describe various methods of collecting, annotating, and searching corpora, as well as processing corpus data. Key features include up-to-date and complete handbook that features both an overview and detailed discussions. It gathers together a great number of experts.
Natural language, processing, corpus linguistics, e-learning : [Slovko 2013] : proceedings
Corpus linguistics. Volume II, Grammar
Studies in computational historical linguistics : models and analyses
Modality as portrayed in Finnish upper secondary school ELF textbooks : a corpus-based approach
Towards multimedia in corpus studies : introduction
