http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21468 cultural semiotics
cultural semiotics
Signs in society : studies in semiotic anthropology
Signs in contemporary culture : an introduction to semiotics
The purpose of this study is to explore and analyse the characteristics that make photographs attractive and appealing to young Finnish adults, and by contrast what makes photographs unattractive and even odious. The focus of the study is on photographs of Finnish nature, which show a diversity of landscapes, seasons and life forms. The author aims to obtain more a profound understanding regarding the creation of nature photographs for communication purposes. This study refines and takes further a Nuuksio Nature Centre 1 study conducted by a group of Haaga-Helia University of Applied Sciences students in autumn 2010.     In the theoretical section of this study concepts and theories related to the visual culture, images and visual analysis of photographs are introduced and explained. The principles of semiotics are explained and the Nuuksio Nature Centre 1-study is presented in more detail, as it is closely connected with this study and its results.     The theoretical part is followed by a methodology section, which illustrates the methods and procedures of this research. The data analysis method applied in this qualitative research is visual content analysis, combined with a concise semiotic visual analysis. In the empirical section of this thesis the research process and data analysis are presented. This section focuses on reporting a qualitative visual analysis of Finnish nature photographs conducted during spring 2011.     Results and findings of visual analysis are presented in the empirical section, which is reiterated by presenting conclusions of the research. The study illustrated that some of the common characteristics for the studied photographs were as follows: size of the frame, horizontal angle, colour harmony and natural direct lightning. The content, vertical angle and composition seemed to have the most affect the attractiveness of photographs.    This thesis is concluded with an evaluation of the entire research and by assessing the utility and outcomes of it.
The transmedial aspect of cultural autocommunication
Understanding Neolithic Southern Levant : case studies of archaeological semiosis in action
The semiotics of culture and language. Volume 2, Language and other semiotic systems of culture
The semiotics of culture and language. Volume 1, Language as social semiotic
The roots of literature
A critical and cultural theory reader
Lotman and cultural studies : encounters and extensions
Mapping the world : towards a sociosemiotic approach to culture
Visual impact : culture and the meaning of images
English summaries.
Theses on the semiotic study of cultures = Kultuurisemiootika teesid = Tezisy k semiotičeskomu izučeniû kul'tur
Semiotics of Democracy : Language legislation explaining Slovakian democracy
Universe of the mind : a semiotic theory of culture
Semiotic neighborhoods : the case of Helsinki
The semiotics of performance
Evolutionary cultural semiotics : essays on the foundation and institutionalization of integrated cultural studies
Analyzing cultures : an introduction and handbook
Swing to bop - hep to hip : a study in jazz parlance
Of cigarettes, high heels, and other interesting things : an introduction to semiotics
Postmodern semiotics : material culture and the forms of postmodern life
Knowledge through signs : ancient semiotic theories and practices
The representation of sexual signs in Chinese Durex TV commercial : a semiotic approach
Semiotik : ein Handbuch zu den zeichentheoretischen Grundlagen von Natur und Kultur. 1. Teilband = Semiotics : a handbook on the sign-theoretic foundations of nature and culture. Volume 1
Beginnings of the semiotics of culture
Dōgen's Uji-chapter as a cultural study object : revision of theoretical viewpoints concerning Zen language
Semiotics of religion : signs of the sacred in history
AS Communication and culture : the essential introduction
Origins of semiosis : sign evolution in nature and culture
Distribution and equality : the hidden channels of communication within a community
Semiotics, self, and society
Translation of international logos
The socialness of things
Universals in the context of Juri Lotman's semiotics = Universaalidest Juri Lotmani semiootika kontekstis = Ob universaliâh v kontekste semiotiki Ûriâ Lotmana
Decoding and recoding German-Arabic cultural differences in Günter Grass' work : a semiotic study in intercultural communication
A sounding of signs : modalities and moments in music, culture, and philosophy : essays in honor of Eero Tarasti on his 60th anniversary
Symbolic forms and cultural studies : Ernst Cassirer's theory of culture
The fashion system
The culture of criticism and the criticism of culture
Colors : symbols, history, correlations
Lectures in America
Delineating landscape semiotics : towards the semiotic study of landscape processes
Barthes' mythologies today : readings of contemporary culture
Semiotics and communication : signs, codes, cultures
Translation translation
Faith in Fakes : travels in hyperreality
Basics of semiotics = Semiootika alused
Communicating in the third space
Tumbledown barn or wild animals : which elements in the nature photographs attract the young Finnish adults? : visual analysis of Finnish nature photographs
Semiotics of culture
Double exposures : the subject of cultural analysis
Summary
The chimera principle : an anthropology of memory and imagination
Center and periphery in representations and institutions : proceedings from the ISI conference in Imatra, July 16-21, 1990
The semiotics of Russian culture
Symbol, pattern & symmetry : the cultural significance of structure
Arthur Asa Berger, author of an array of texts in communication, popular culture, and social theory, is back with the second edition of his popular, user-friendly guide for students who want to understand the social meanings of objects. In this broadly interdisciplinary text, Berger takes the reader through half a dozen theoretical models that are commonly used to analyze objects. He then describes and analyzes eleven objects, many of them new to this edition-including smartphones, Facebook, hair dye, and the American flag - showing how they demonstrate concepts like globalization, identity, and nationalism. The book includes a series of exercises that allow students to analyse objects in their own environment. Brief and inexpensive, this introductory guide will be used in courses ranging from anthropology to art history, pop culture to psychology.
Electronic poetry : understanding poetry in the digital environment
Culture and text = Kultura i tekst
Cultural semiosis : tracing the signifier
Hi-fives : a trip to semiotics
Semiotic rotations : modes of meanings in cultural worlds
What objects mean : an introduction to material culture
Snow, forest, silence : the Finnish tradition of semiotics
X-rated! : the power of mythic symbolism in popular culture
Communication games : the semiotic foundation of culture
Popular imagination : essays on fantasy and cultural practice
Semiotic evolution and the dynamics of culture
A plea for cultural semiotics
Ethnosemiotics [copyright] Hungary
Preliminary materials for a theory of the young-girl
Greetings, Pushkin! : Stalinist cultural politics and the Russian national bard
Empire of signs
Signs in culture and tradition
Social research : a practical introduction
For a critique of the political economy of the sign
Semiotics of nature and culture of the Komi (Zyrians) = Semiotika prirody i kul'tury u komi (zyrjan)
Introducing social semiotics
From nature to psyche : proceedings from the ISI Summer Congresses at Imatra in 2001-2002
In-between: Contemporary art in Australia : cross-culture, contemporaneity, globalization
St. Martín de Porres : the "little stories" and the semiotics of culture
Cultural artifacts and the production of meaning : the page, the image, and the body
Cultural criticism : a primer of key concepts
Sign, thought, and culture : a basic course in semiotics
Image and representation : key concepts in media studies
Body, language and mind. Vol. 2, Sociocultural situatedness
