http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21419 clauses
clauses
English wit : quips and quotes
English syntactic structures : functions and categories in sentence analysis. Workbook
Syntax and beyond
Syntactic factors in memory?
How to write a sentence and how to read one
Listellany : a miscellany of very British top tens, from politics to pop
"Analysing English Sentences, 2nd Edition Andrew Radford has acquired an unrivalled reputation over the past 30 years for writing syntax textbooks in which difficult concepts are clearly explained without the excessive use of technical jargon"--
Language, culture, & society : an introduction to linguistic anthropology
"An attractive, interesting layout can certainly attract and please the reader; but when the details are not good, reading requires more effort and any pleasure is short-lived. Detail in Typography is a concise and close-up view of the subject. It considers all the elements that constitute a column of text -- letters, words, the line, and the space around these elements -- and it discusses what is essential for the legibility of text. Yet this is more than a guide to correct typography. How it it, Hochuli asks, that text can be set perfectly and yet look insufferably dull? Answers may be found here, not least in the way the book itself has been set and produced"--Product description.
Universals of human language. Vol. 4, Syntax
The dynamics of foreign versus second language development in Finnish writing
How to write a sentence : and how to read one
Syntax of early Latin
Tones and tunes. Volume 2, Experimental studies in word and sentence prosody
Linking form and meaning : studies on selected control patterns in recent English
On emphasis and word order in Hungarian
Analyzing syntax : a lexical-functional approach
Natural syntax : iconicity and erosion
Language development and language impairment : a problem-based introduction
Detail in typography : letters, letterspacing, words, wordspacing, lines, linespacing, columns
Domains and dynasties : the radical autonomy of syntax
The elements of style
Survival Japanese : how to communicate without fuss or fear instantly!
Influence of Russian on the syntax of Komi
Materiály k bibliografii prací o aktuálním členění větném 1900-1970 = A tentative bibliography of studies in functional sentence perspective
Windows = Fenêtres
Pronominal subjects in Peninsular Spanish and European Portuguese : semantics, pragmatics, and formulaic sequences
A modern course in English syntax
Relativization in Scottish standard English: a corpus-based study on newspaper language
Current approaches to syntax
The linguistic neg + pos pattern and two action combinations as resources for inerviewee stance taking in news interviews
English syntactic structures : functions and categories in sentence analysis
Relativization in early English (950-1250) : the position of relative clauses
Mechanisms of syntactic change
A typology of clausal negation : symmetric vs. asymmetric
English-Bosnian for beginners :a book in 2 languages
Wh-clauses in English : aspects of theory and description
Analysing English sentences
This paper deals with the Uralic languages, their regional distribution and relationship with one another. The Uralic languages are spoken in a large area in North and Central Eurasia. Most of the Uralic languages are seriously endangered minority languages - only Finnish, Hungarian, and Estonian are principal national languages spoken in independent countries. Despite being relatives, the Uralic languages differ remarkably from one another. In the west, the Uralic languages have had most intensive relationships with Indo-European languages, and in the east, with Turkic languages. The differences within the language group carry information regarding these contacts. In the research of the Uralic languages, the proto-languages and the original home of the peoples speaking these languages have attracted particular interest. Comparative and historical methods and archaeology have been important in the research of the history of the Uralic languages.
A typology of action nominal constructions
Sentence processing
Effective writing skills for public relations
Semantics : from meaning to text
Optimality-theoretic syntax
Studies in anaphora
Origin and maintenance of clausal embedding comlexity
Adverbial clauses in cross-linguistic perspective
The early bird catches the worm : the impact of English playschool on English acquisition at elementary school in Enkki-class
Sentences and clauses as complexity measures in second language writing : a segmentation experiment
Antisymmetry and sign languages : a comparison between NGT and LIS
Aspects of functional sentence perspective in contemporary English news and academic prose
Clause Structure in South Asian Languages
The Realisation of Prominence in Three Varieties of Standard Spoken Finnish
Approaches to island phenomena
Descriptive typology and linguistic theory : a study in the morphosyntax of relative clauses
Reading Style : a Life in Sentences
Compound comprehension in isolation and in context : the contribution of conceptual and discourse knowledge to the comprehension of German novel noun-noun compounds
The end of argument structure?
Existential sentences : their structure and meaning
A typology of purpose clauses
Biomedical event extraction with machine learning
Major pillars of German syntax : an introduction to CRMS-theory
Irish sign language : a cognitive linguistic account
This collection of original stories by today's finest women writers--including Tracy Chevalier, Francine Prose, Elizabeth McCracken, Tessa Hadley, Audrey Niffenegger, and more--takes inspiration from the opening line in Charlotte Brontë's most beloved novel, Jane Eyre. A fixture in the literary canon, Charlotte Brontë is revered by readers all over the world. Her novels featuring unforgettable, strong heroines still resonate with millions today. And who could forget one of literature's best-known lines: "Reader, I married him" from her classic novel Jane Eyre? Part of a remarkable family that produced three acclaimed female writers at a time in nineteenth-century Britain when few women wrote, and fewer were published, Bronté has become a great source of inspiration to writers, especially women, ever since. Now in Reader, I Married Him, twenty of today's most celebrated women authors have spun original stories, using the opening line from Jane Eyre as a springboard for their own flights of imagination. – WorldCat.
A dictionary of clichés with an introductory essay
The syntactic and semantic structure of sentences with a position-filler "it" as a formal object
The Uralic languages
Complex right-branching clauses
Topics in the analysis of causatives with an account of Hindi paradigms
Australian sign language (Auslan) : an introduction to sign language linguistics
Present-day English syntax : a survey of sentence patterns
Relativization in Scottish standard English : a corpus-based study on newspaper language
Noun phrase complexity in L1 Finnish university students' and 9th graders' written L2 English
Iconicity in syntax : proceedings of a symposium on iconicity in syntax, Stanford, June 24-6, 1983
Subordination in conversation : a cross-linguistic perspective
Two aleut types of complementation compared with eskimo
Verbo-nominal phrasemes in modern Chinese
"Shiner the sun?" : question development in the writing of Finnish learners of English
Generalized tranforations and beyond : reflections on minimalist syntax
Topics in Uduk phonology and morphosyntax
"Andrew Radford has acquired an unrivalled reputation over the past thirty years for writing syntax textbooks in which difficult concepts are clearly explained without the excessive use of technical jargon. Analysing English Sentences continues in this tradition, offering a well-structured introduction to English syntax and contemporary syntactic theory which is supported throughout with learning aids such as summaries, lists of key hypotheses and principles, extensive references, handy hints and exercises. Instructors will also benefit from the book's free online resources, which include PowerPoint slides of chapter key points and analyses of exercise material, as well as an answer key for all the in-book exercises. This second edition has been thoroughly revised and updated throughout, and includes additional exercises, and an entirely new chapter on exclamative and relative clauses. Assuming no prior knowledge of grammar, this is an approachable introduction to the subject for undergraduate and graduate students"--
Syntactic analysis
Syntactic chains
Subordination and coordination strategies in North Asian languages
Syntax : a generative introduction
The ultimate Japanese phrasebook : 1800 sentences for everyday use
Clefts and their relatives
A grammar of the English language in three volumes.. 3
Reader, I married him : stories inspired by Jane Eyre
Language down the garden path : the cognitive and biological basis for linguistic structures
This collection of original stories by today's finest women writers--including Tracy Chevalier, Francine Prose, Elizabeth McCracken, Tessa Hadley, Audrey Niffenegger, and more--takes inspiration from the opening line in Charlotte Brontë's most beloved novel, Jane Eyre. A fixture in the literary canon, Charlotte Brontë is revered by readers all over the world. Her novels featuring unforgettable, strong heroines still resonate with millions today. And who could forget one of literature's best-known lines: "Reader, I married him" from her classic novel Jane Eyre? Part of a remarkable family that produced three acclaimed female writers at a time in nineteenth-century Britain when few women wrote, and fewer were published, Bronté has become a great source of inspiration to writers, especially women, ever since. Now in Reader, I Married Him, twenty of today's most celebrated women authors have spun original stories, using the opening line from Jane Eyre as a springboard for their own flights of imagination.
'Subordination' versus 'coordination' in sentence and text : a cross-linguistic perspective
What is your one sentence? : how to be heard in the age of short attention spans
Infinitival perception reports in Old English
Working papers in Scandinavian syntax
Pragmatics
Fish has always been an aficionado of language, marveling at the adeptness of finely crafted sentences. Here he offers both sentence craft and sentence pleasure, skills invaluable to any writer (or reader).
Survival Thai : how to communicate without fuss or fear instantly!
Clause linking and clause hierarchy : syntax and pragmatics
Modern Icelandic syntax
Comparing anaphors : between sentences, texts and languages ; proceedings of the international symposium held at the Copenhagen Business School, September 1st-3rd 2005
Old English syntax. Vol. 1, Concord, the parts of speech, and the sentence
The English rendering of Tacitus' Agricola : a study of some rhetorical figures
Information structure and syntactic change in the history of English
Language in the context of use : discourse and cognitive approaches to language
Old English syntax. Vol. 2, Subordination, independent elements and element order
A sketch of the phonology and grammar of Rajbanshi
