http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21492 impoverishment
impoverishment
Breadline Britain : the rise of mass poverty
Research on action to fight land degradation : a case study of World Vision Finland
The Mandibles : a family, 2029-2047
The Book of Tomorrow
Field balances of trace elements at the farm level on crop and dairy farms in Finland in 2004
The little stranger
Hubert Horatio Bartle Bobton-Trend
The mandibles : A Family, 2029–2047
Comparing the monitoring and evaluation systems of watershed management related development projects in Amhara, Ethiopia
The paying guests
State of the world 2011 : innovations that nourish the planet : a Worldwatch Institute report on progress toward a sustainable society
Locating impoverishment
How rich countries got rich ... and why poor countries stay poor
Hubert Horatio Bartle Bobton-Trent
Rules of civility : a novel
This thesis is a study of the landscape degradation in Australia after the European settlement of the continent and how the condition of the land today can be understood in that context. Many records show that the state of the environment has been greatly degraded since the arrival of the first explorers and stockmen who followed them. As a result of intensive grazing and other exploitative land uses many natural features that used to regulate the hydrological balance in the erratic and extreme conditions of Australian climate were destroyed. Altered patterns of runoff and infiltration resulting from the loss or riparian vegetation, reeds and ground cover have lead to serious erosion and incision of floodplain watercourses. This has further impacts on the flooding patterns and water retention capacity of the floodplains and is followed by dehydration and loss of productivity and fertility. Restorative land management methods including Natural Sequence Farming recognise the natural potential of the landscape and use mimicry of biological systems to rehabilitate the land and its hydrological balance. Those methods include stock management, soil conditioning, revegetation as well as structures called fascines, gabions and leaky weirs for repair of erosion gullies and incised streams. The functioning principles of those structures are dissipating the kinetic energy of water which reduces the erosive power of the flow and allows other natural recovery processes to be initiated. As this study represents only a very shallow overview on the thesis topic, especially those practicalities regarding restoration operations, intrested readers are recommended to the browse the reference material on their own.
The role of macropore flow from PLOT to catchment scale : a study in a semi-arid area
Meaningful life and survival in urban poverty : an ethnographic study on the dimensions of deprivation and anxiety and the coping strategies of a group of cooperative workers in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia
Rules of civility
It is 1922, and London is tense. Ex-servicemen are disillusioned, the out-of-work and the hungry are demanding change. And in South London, in a genteel Camberwell villa, a large silent house now bereft of brothers, husband and even servants, life is about to be transformed, as impoverished widow Mrs Wray and her spinster daughter, Frances, are obliged to take in lodgers. For with the arrival of Lilian and Leonard Barber, a modern young couple of the 'clerk class', the routines of the house will be shaken up in unexpected ways. And as passions mount and frustration gathers, no one can foresee just how far-reaching, and how devastating, the disturbances will be. This is vintage Sarah Waters: beautifully described with excruciating tension, real tenderness, believable characters, and surprises. It is above all, a wonderful, compelling story.
The book of tomorrow
Trace elements in top- and subsoil on selected crop and dairy farms in Finland in 2004
Landscape degradation and watershed incision in Australia : overview on biological restoration methods - Southern highlands, New South Wales
