http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21488 neoshamanism
neoshamanism
The challenge of religion after modernity : beyond disenchantment
Shamanism : critical concepts in sociology. Vol. 1
Nordic Neoshamanisms proposes that the drive for religiosity and experiences of the sacred are far from lost in contemporary western societies. However, the spiritual quest in Nordic countries comes in some very surprising and innovative forms which make it necessary to rethink the relationship between the religious and the secular world. The contributors do just this by focusing on the mechanisms of contemporary shamanism in these contexts. The contributors' objective is to explore the myriad of ways late modern shamanism is becoming more vital and personally significant to people, communities, and economies in Nordic countries. This book intends to survey how the field of modern shamanism is entwined with the political, the social and the popular in this area of the world. Drawing on case studies of particular persons, groups and institutions, well-known historians of religion and folklorists discuss how modern shamanism can be said to contribute to self-knowledge, identity, and community life in Northern European countries.
Abstract.
Personal power animals : for guidance, protection and healing
Contemporary pagan and native faith movements in Europe : colonialist and nationalist impulses
My good Indian year
Melamorphosis : an artistic journey through shapeshifting
The role of anthropological literature in contemporary shamanic practices
Going native or going naive? : white shamanism and the neo-noble savage
Shamans/neo-shamans : ecstasy, alternative archaeologies and contemporary pagans
Nordic neoshamanisms
Earth magic : ancient shamanic wisdom for healing yourself, others, and the planet
Historical dictionary of shamanism
Metroshamanism : a search for shamanic identity in modern Estonia
Summoning the spirits : possession and invocation in contemporary religion
Magic and witchcraft : from shamanism to the technopagans
Magic and witchcraft : from shamanism to technopagans
