http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21473 cynicism
cynicism
The rehearsal
A history of cynicism : from Diogenes to the 6th century AD
The Brothers Karamazov. 2
The cynic enlightenment : Diogenes in the salon
House M. D.. Season seven
Assholes : a theory
House M. D. Season two
House M. D. Season four
House M. D. Season five
Sayings and anecdotes : with other popular moralists
House M. D.. Season eight
The Brothers Karamazov. 1
The making of modern cynicism
House M. D. Season one
The power of negative thinking : cynicism and the history of modern American literature
Diogenes the Cynic is best remembered today for having lived in a storage-jar, and walking the streets with a lamp in daylight, looking for an honest man. Such stories formed part of a rich tradition of sayings and anecdotes; his biting wit and eccentric behaviour were legendary, and it was by means of these oft-repeated and embellished aphorisms that his moral teachings were transmitted. He scorned the conventions of civilized life, and his ascetic lifestyle and caustic opinions gave expression to the Cynic philosophy that in turn influenced Stoicism. This unique edition also covers Diogenes' immediate successors, such as Crates, his wife Hipparchia, and the witty moral preacher Bion. The contrasting teachings of the Cyrenaic school, founded by Aristippos, a pleasure-loving friend of Socrates, complete the volume, together with a selection of apocryphal letters. An ideal compendium of Socratic moral philosophy, this entertaining volume opens a window on to some surprisingly modern attitudes.
House M. D. Season three
House M. D.. Season two
House M. D. Season six
In his readings of "The Professor's House", "The Great Gatsby", and "Miss Lonelyhearts", the author finds that, far from the simple selfishness or apathy for which it is so often dismissed, the cynicism in these texts is suffused by a desire for the certainty promised by norms such as national teleology, ethnic identity, and civic participation.
How to be good
Personality and work stress : the role of Five-Factor Model traits and cynicism in perceptions of stressful work characteristics
No one wants to be Miss Havisham
