http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21431 news reportage
news reportage news coverage
Reporting disasters : a narratological analysis of disaster news reportage
Syntactic borrowing in contemporary French : a linguistic analysis of news translation
Cultural meanings of news : a text-reader
Basic radio journalism
Censored 2012 : the top 25 censored stories of 2010-11
Entrepreneurial journalism : how to build what's next for news
Work-related crisis exposure, psychological trauma and PTSD in news journalists
Handbook of mass media ethics
War and words : the Northern Ireland media reader
Journalism and human rights : how demographics drive media coverage
Islam in the British broadsheets : the impact of Orientalism on representations of Islam in the British press
Rioters vs. the interior minister : evaluation of news sources in the Guardian's coverage of the 2005 unrest in France
Global literary journalism : exploring the journalistic imagination
Terror discourse in British media 2005
Changing journalism
Are foreign correspondents redundant? : the changing face of international news
Arab news and conflict : a multidisciplinary discourse study
Writing for television, radio and new media
News from the BBC, CNN, and Al-Jazeera : how the three broadcasters cover the Middle East
Disasters and the media
New media - new norms : transparency in Finnish online journalism
Nanotechnology, risk and communication
Taking journalism seriously : news and the academy
One alliance, two lenses : U.S.-Korea relations in a new era
Civil war via media : 19th century print public as a battlefield
Evening news : optics, astronomy, and journalism in early modern Europe
Discursive strategies in immigration news reporting in Brirtish press
Case studies in crisis communication : international perspectives on hits and misses
Chinese investigative journalists' dreams : autonomy, agency, and voice
The purpose of the thesis was to demonstrate the difference in litigation news in both Finland and Japan by making a short documentary film and utilizing the guidelines of content analysis. Also the plan was to use comments from specialists in both countries to give a third person's opinion to the way of presenting the news. The materials were recorded from Finnish and Japanese channels, YLE and TBC respectively. Because of the difference in the broadcast formats in the two countries the materials have to be converted to similar formats depending on which country is the intended target for the video. The conversion from the Japanese analog NTSC format to Finnish analog PAL format is difficult because of the different frame size and frequency the two formats have. The PAL format also requires conversion from the file format it was recorded to something that can be handled in a proper editing program such as Adobe Premiere. The conversion caused problems, because of the rarity of free programs that can carry out the conversion. Also the quality of the converted version of the NTSC material was not up to expectations and could not be used. Problems also appeared with the specialists' comments, since finding the correct person to answer questions about news presentation is difficult. The most notable difference between the broadcasts is the length; Finland's ca. 2 min. compared to Japan's ca. 5 min. Also the lack of details in the Finnish one especially the absence of pictures of victims and the crime scene is notable. Furthermore, the Japanese news use subtitles while the Finnish do not. The document itself was put on hold until the comments from the specialists can be collected as well as digital broadcast material gathered from the Japanese news. Since the outline of the document has already been made, the compiling should go easily after all the materials have been gathered.
News in early modern Europe : currents and connections
The American rhetorical construction of the Iranian nuclear threat : before World War III
Representations of natural catastrophes in newspaper discourse
Abstract: Written item, story, text element : Finnish print journalism in the light of the development of journalistic genres during the period 1771-2000.
Journalism and school shootings in Finland 2007-2008
Viewing the south : how globalisation and western television distort representations of the developing world
Consumption, media and the Global South : aspiration contested
What is news? Why does news turn out like it does? What factors influence the creation, production, and dissemination of news? Cultural Meanings of News takes on these deceptively simple questions through an essential collection of seminal and contemporary studies by leaders in the fields of mass communication and media studies. This book represents a conceptual update, a continuation of the discourse about the nature of news and how it comes to be, moving ideas ahead from the earlier tradition of sociological approaches to the more pervasive cultural perspectives that inform understandings about news. Cultural Meanings of News provides a carefully selected set of readings, organized into thematic areas that each probe a dimension of the literature: from sociological roots to cultural perspectives; news as narrative and cultural text; newswork as cultural ritual; news as cultural myth; news and its interpretive communities; news as a source and reflection of collective memory; and, toward the future of news research. This text-reader provides students and scholars with first-hand exposure to cultural approaches to the study of news, while also providing an organizing framework for understanding the commonalties and differences between threads in the research. The goals are to engage readers through guided immersion in the material.
The discourse of broadcast news : a linguistic approach
Image bite politics : news and the visual framing of elections
Social meanings of news : a text-reader
The Russian media and the war in Ukraine
Pioneering television news : a first hand report on a revolution in journalism
The Latino threat : constructing immigrants, citizens, and the nation
The Routledge companion to news and journalism
"Disproportionate use of passports? Disproportionate media attention?" : Attribution of blame in headlines: a case study of the headline coverage of the Dubai assasination in reference to Mossad's alleged responsibility
Media meets climate : the global challenge for journalism
Evaluation and stance in war news : a linguistic analysis of American, British and Italian television news reporting of the 2003 Iraqi war
Representing death in the news : journalism, media and mortality
Corporate social responsibility in the Finnish economic press : case Prima
Merchants of doubt
Transnational and national media in global crisis : the Indian Ocean Tsunami
How to make a successful PR campaign? : case study: V. Yushenko in the light of relevant articles
Images as proof : photographic portrayal of catastrophes in Helsingin Sanomat, 1969-1979
Prime time prisons on U.S. TV : representation of incarceration
When innovation fails to disrupt : a multi-lens investigation of successful incumbent response to technological discontinuity : the launch of BBC News Online
The Routledge handbook of emotions and mass media
Selling war : the role of the mass media in hostile conflicts from World War I to the "war on terror"
News media, crime and fear of violence
Journalism and Political Exclusion : Social Conditions of News Production and Reception
Feminism in the news : representations of the women's movement since the 1960s
Crime and the media
The news : a user's manual
From theory to practice : how to assess and apply impartiality in news and current affairs
Constructing crime : Perspectives on making news and social problems
e-journalism : new media and news media
"It's Barack Obama who's soft" : political bias on BBC, CNN, and Fox news : a critical discource analysis
Mapping Foreign Correspondence in Europe
On the discursive construction of corruption : a critical analysis of media texts
Appraising the Wall Street Occupation : an appraisal-based framework in the use of critical discourse analysis regarding three news texts texts on the Occupy movement of late 2011
Hack attack : the inside story of how the truth caught up with Rupert Murdoch
Sustainable, competitive and fair : critical discourse analysis of representation of social actors in newspaper articles
Constructive news : why negativity destroys the media and democracy - and how to improve journalism of tomorrow
Blackout
"An exploration of the representations of the women's movement, its members, and their goals between 1968 and 2008 in the British and American press. Examining over 1100 news articles, the book analyses the nuanced ways feminism has historically been supported, marginalized and debated in the mainstream press"--
Framing the user experience in mobile newsmaking with smartphones
Tabloidization of International News : a content analysis of news coverage in the Globe and Mail and Toronto Star
Fukushima effect : a new geopolitical terrain
Going for gold? : A register study of the build-up to the London 2012 summer olympics in The Guardian online
Good science, bad science, pseudoscience, and just plain bunk : how to tell the difference
News writing
Emotional language in disaster news : a case study of the 2004 Indian Ocean tsunami and the 2011 Japan tsunami in BBC news online
Packaging terrorism : co-opting the news for politics and profit
Protest campaigns, media and political opportunities
Disaster communications in a changing media world
Discursive constructions around terrorism in the People's daily (China) and The sun (UK) before and after 9.11 : a corpus-based contrastive critical discourse analysis
Murder-suicide in the news : doing the routine and the drama
News as changing texts : corpora, methodologies and analysis
De-bordering Korea : tangible and intangible legacies of the sunshine policy
The impacts of news media content on viewers' beliefs about the effectiveness of nonviolence : News coverage on Pakistani TV
Producing online news : digital skills, stronger stories
The many faces of a conflict : representations of the 1981 Northern Irish hunger strike in international press
Journalism and meaning-making : reading the newspaper
What does consumption in the global south signify, and how are its complexities communicated in media discourses? Consumption, Media and the Global South presents original research examining key themes in the ways in which consumption in the global south - by elites, the middle classes, and the poor - is discursively constructed in media texts. With the global triumph of capitalist economies and neoliberal values, consumption is increasingly viewed by populations in the global south as both a right to which they are denied access, and once accessed as evidence of an improved life. The ways in which this debate plays out on the stage of the media is an important element of the picture. This book looks at the media representation of consumer culture in Africa, China, Brazil and India through case studies ranging from celebrity selfies, to travel websites, news reports and documentary film.
Photojournalism : the world's greatest news photographers
Media, crime, and criminal justice : images, realities, and policies
Value creation and the future of news organizations : why and how journalism must change to remain relevant in the twenty-first century
The environment in the headlines : newspaper coverage of climate change and eutrophication in Finland
Doing news framing analysis : empirical and theoretical perspectives
Titanic : the unfolding story
The marketplace of ideas : a corpus study of buy and sell metaphors in American political discourse
Construing and defining the out of control : addiction in the media 1968-2008
Environment, media and communication
Philosophers take on the world
"Island nation seeks calmer currents and shining stars" : immigration discourse in the British press during the general election of 2010
Media and cultural transformation in China
Doing public journalism
Abstract.
Does the 'old' media's coverage of religion matter in times of 'digital religion'?
Writing the news : print journalism in the electronic age
Feedback
News at work : imitation in an age of information abundance
Till death do us join : media, mourning rituals and the sacred centre of society
FEEDBACK is a full-length Newsflesh novel which overlaps the events of the acclaimed and New York Times bestselling novel FEED. For the first time it reveals what happened from the perspective of reporters covering the Democrats' side of the story. There are two sides to every story...The year was 2014. We had cured cancer. We had beat the common cold. But in doing so we unleashed something horrifying and unstoppable. The infection spread leaving those afflicted with a single uncontrollable impulse: FEED. Now, twenty years after the Rising, a team of scrappy underdog reporters relentlessly pursue the truth while competing against the superstar Masons, surrounded by the infected, and facing more insidious forces working in the shadows.
Introducing science communication : a practical guide
The many faces of a conflict:representations of the 1981 Northern Irish hunger strike in international press
Breaking news : mastering the art of disruptive innovation in journalism
African news flow in Africa - new patterns or old habits? : African foreign news coverage in two Namibian and two Tanzanian newspapers
Journalism after September 11
Media, crime, and criminal justice : Images, realities, and policies
The indigenous public sphere : the reporting and reception of aboriginal issues in the Australian media
Metadiscourse in environmental news articles : how the articles communcate environmental issues to their readers in The Guardian and The Wall Street Journal
Hosting the Olympic Games or not : empirical evidence from the stock market
Interpreting television news
Reporting disasters : famine, aid, politics and the media
Essential radio journalism : [how to produce and present radio news]
"The definitive book on how the News of the World phone-hacking scandal reached the highest echelons of power in the government, security, and the media in the UK, from the journalist who broke the story"--
The objective of the study was to examine the PR campaign from the point of view of articles from the leading Ukrainian daily newspaper Fakti i kommentarii (Facts and Commentaries). The case in question is Viktor Yushenko's presidential election campaign 2004. Despite Yushenko's brief tenure as a prime minister, he was relatively unknown to most Ukrainians before the election campaign began, but he succeeded in a very short time in his endeavour to win the election. The research question was: What were the main reasons for his victory? The research problem was how to create a successful presidential election campaign. The theoretical part of the thesis is based on reliable and up to date source material. Ronald Smith and Elisa Juholin's theories and findings were used as a principal source and other literature that concentrates on public relations was used along with it. The secondary data was obtained from the unstructured interviews of people from Ukraine. Two persons were interviewed in order to have clearer picture about the Orange Revolution of 2004 in Ukraine. The interviews were made by phone. The author asked two women with different points of view questions about the Ukrainian election campaign of 2004. According to the results of the study the reasons for the victory were both internal and external. The main strengths of Viktor Yushenko's campaign were strong management and leadership of the election campaign, the candidate's credibility and sufficient funding. The study provides evidence that most of the theoretical factors based on previous research were also relevant in this campaign.
Heroic imperialists in Africa : the promotion of British and French colonial heroes, 1870-1939
Syria from afar : how journalists in Finland and Germany cover the first YouTube war
Screening the public sphere : media and democracy in India
The media for democracy monitor : a cross national study of leading news media
The dead and killed bin Laden : a rhetorical analysis of Finnish and US news articles reporting the death of Osama bin Laden
Comparing Finnish and Japanese litigation news
Crime and media : a reader
A heroic martyr or a misguided lunatic? : Representations of the suffragatte Emily Wilding Davison in the Manchester Guardian in 1913
Dial M for Murdoch : news corporation and the corruption of Britain / Tom Watson and Martin Hickman
News & numbers : a writer's guide to statistics
