http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21445 laws of nature
laws of nature natural laws
Exploring the scientific method : cases and questions
Rights, laws and infallibility in Medieval thought
Basic law for the national authority in the transitional period (Draft)
Philosophy of law : a five-volume anthology of scholarly articles. Volume 2, Rights and their foundations
A culture of fact : England, 1550-1720
Suomen lajien uhanalaisuus 2010 : punainen kirja = The 2010 red list of Finnish species
Natural laws in scientific practice
Studies of good and evil : a series of essays upon problems of philosophy and of life
Lutheran Reformation and the law
Archimedes to Hawking : laws of science and the great minds behind them
Hobbes and the law of nature
Yhteenveto (Summary in Finnish)
How God acts : creation, redemption, and special divine action
Conrad Summenhart's theory of individual rights and its medieval background
The natural laws of the universe : understanding fundamental constants
Finnish Forest Act as a conservation tool in protecting boreal springs and associated bryophyte flora
Shari'a in the west
The Oxford handbook of jurisprudence and philosophy of law
The divine lawmaker : lectures on induction, laws of nature, and the existence of God
The line through the heart : natural law as fact, theory, and sign of contradiction
This is a study of one of the most important debates in 17th- and 18th-century philosophy: the nature of causation. Ott offers controversial readings of such canonical figures as Descartes, Locke, and Hume, and explores related topics such as intentionality, necessity, and relations.
Divine covenants and moral order : a biblical theology of natural law
Match or mismarriage? : a study on ontological realism and law
The complete illustrated guide to the presidents of America : an authoritative history of the American presidency, shown in more than 460 photographs and illustrations
The principles of natural and politic law
Laws in nature
The science of Game of Thrones
Finnish environmental legislation
Normativity of scientific laws
Should trees have standing? : law, morality, and the environment
Fundamentals of Physics : Mechanics, Relativity, and Thermodynamics
Maritime affairs - a world handbook : a reference guide to maritime organizations, conventions and disputes and to the international politics of the sea
Morality in the philosophy of Thomas Hobbes : cases in the law of nature
The idea of natural rights : studies on natural rights, natural law and Church law 1150-1625
Nothing : from absolute zero to cosmic oblivion : amazing insights into nothingness
Wilderness protection in Europe : the role of international, European and national law
Law and nature
The invisible origins of legal positivism : a re-reading of a tradition
Creation : law and probability
European Community environment legislation. Vol. 4, Nature
The Law-Governed Universe
This book addresses the old question of natural law in its interesting contemporary context. David VanDrunen draws on both his Reformed theological heritage and the broader Christian natural law tradition to develop a constructive theology of natural law through a thorough study of Scripture. The biblical covenants organize VanDrunen's study. Part 1 addresses the covenant of creation and the covenant with Noah, exploring how these covenants provide a foundation for understanding God's governance of the whole world under the natural law. Part 2 treats the redemptive covenants that God established with such people as Abraham and Moses and explores the obligations of God's people to natural law within these covenant relationships. In the concluding chapter of Divine Covenants and Moral Order VanDrunen reflects on the need for a solid theology of natural law and the importance of natural law for the Christian's life in the public square.
Previous edition (1996) has sub-title : "and other essays on law, morals, and the environment" ; first edition (1974) has subtitle : "towards legal rights for natural objects.
As members of various and often conflicting communities, how do we reconcile what we have come to understand as our human rights with our responsibilities toward one another? With the bright thread of individualism woven through the American psyche, where can our sense of duty toward others be found? What has happened to our love - even our concern - for our neighbor? In this revised edition of his magisterial exploration of these critical questions, renowned ethicist Arthur Dyck revisits and profoundly hones his call for the moral bonds of community. In all areas of contemporary life, be it in business, politics, health care, religion - and even in family relationships - the "right" of individuals to consider themselves first has taken precedence over our responsibilities toward others. Dyck contends that we must recast the language of rights to take into account our once natural obligations to all the communities of which we are a part. Rethinking Rights and Responsibilities, at the nexus of ethics, political theory, public policy, and law, traces how the peculiarly American formulations of the rights of the individual have assaulted our connections with, and responsibilities for, those around us. Dyck critically examines contemporary society and the relationship between responsibilities and rights, particularly as they are expressed in medicine and health care, to maintain that while indeed rights and responsibilities form the moral bonds of community, we must begin with the rudimentary task of taking better care of one another. -- Review: "Offers a wise and compelling interpretation of the nature, role, and limits of modern human rights discourse. Linking rights talk with the rhetoric of responsibility, Dyck contends that the abstract rationalism and individualism of our regnant liberal theory belie the very moral bonds that sustain such discourse. One of the book's many virtues is its attention to the vexed issues of euthanasia, assisted suicide, and universal access to health care. His analysis is erudite, yet lucid; a rich and original contribution that should enjoy a wide and appreciative audience." - William O'Neill, S.J., associate professor of social ethics, Jesuit School of Theology at Berkeley/Graduate Theological Union; "This is an eminently readable work that is thorough and undeniably profound and original. Dyck unearths kernels of simple, brilliant truths out of this vast and often inaccessible area. Readers will rediscover human rights through Dyck's mastery of this subject." - The Honourable Michael J. Bryant, Attorney General, Minister Responsible for Native Affairs, and Minister Responsible for Democratic Renewal, Ontario, Canada"
International law and the environment
Intractable disputes about the natural law : Alasdair MacIntyre and critics
The limits of ethics in international relations : natural law, natural rights, and human rights in transition
God and evolution : fundamental questions of Christian evolutionism
Natural rectitude and divine law in Aquinas : an approach to an integral interpretation of the Thomistic doctrine of law
The foundations of natural morality : on the compatibility of natural rights and the natural law
Environmental rights as a constitutional problem
Laws of nature
Literature, science, psychoanalysis, 1830-1970 : essays in honour of Gillian Beer
Rethinking rights and responsibilities : the moral bonds of community
Physical laws and effects
The Amazon from an international law perspective
Acting for endangered species : the statutory ark
Transboundary risk governance
This volume documents the results of an international, interdisciplinary exchange between legal scholars, theologians, scientists, and philosophers. During the course of several years, these thinkers explored analogies and differences between concepts of law in various academic disciplines, probing the sustainability of an interdisciplinary concept of law. While inspired by objectives of the natural law debate, the contributions nonetheless assume that a dialogue between theology and philosophy is not sufficient to forge both a critical and constructive association of "reason and religion." The contributors pursue a concept of law which is viable in multidisciplinary as well as international regard and, while drawing on the goals of the natural law debate, leaves its shortcomings behind. Contributors: Nicolaidis Agyris, Harold J. Berman, Rüdiger Bittner, Gregor Etzelmüller, Niels Henrik Gregersen, Jörg Hüfner, Wentzel van Huyssteen, Matthias Konradt, Wang Liuer, Patrick Miller, John Polkinghorne, Jeff Schloss, Konrad Schmid, Mathias Schmoeckel, Christoph Strohm, Christiane Tietz, Michael Welker, John Witte, Judy Wornat.
Moral minds : how nature designed our universal sense of right and wrong
The creation : secular, Jewish, Catholic, Protestant, and Muslim perspectives analyzed
Hobbes's Leviathan : interpretation and criticism
All is art
Generalizations and models in ecology : lawlikeness, invariance, stability, and robustness
In February 2008, the Archbishop of Canterbury, Dr Rowan Williams, delivered a public lecture in which he stated that it seem[ed] unavoidable that certain aspects of Islamic law (Shari'a) would be recognized and incorporated into British law. The comments provoked outrage from sections of the public who viewed any recognition of Shari'a law in Britain with alarm. In July 2008 Lord Phillips, Lord Chief Justice of England and Wales, weighed into the fray. He praised the Archbishop's speech and gave qualified support for Shari'a principles to govern certain family and civil disputes. Responding to the polarised debate that followed these lectures, this is a collection of short essays written by distinguished and prominent scholars addressing the question of the accommodation of Shari'a within the legal systems of the liberal-democratic West. The matters raised in the two 2008 lectures provide a springboard for lively discussion, criticism and debate on both the specific question of religious/cultural accommodation by the law and the wider issues of multiculturalism, equality before the law and the desirability of parallel jurisdictions for particular faith communities. Leading scholars from a range of countries and academic disciplines, and representing different political viewpoints and faith traditions explore the complex issues surrounding the legal recognition of religious faith in a multicultural society. The volume aims to stimulate further thought on a complex issue, and to open up new pathways for policymakers and civil society institutions grappling with the relationship between Shari'a and Western legal systems.
Reforming mining law in a changing world, with special reference to Finland : proceedings from the Mining Law Seminar
Concepts of law in the sciences, legal studies, and theology
Laws of nature : essays on the philosophical, scientific and historical dimensions
The metaphysics of Ceteris Paribus laws
Governing environmental risk, particularly large-scale transboundary risks associated with climate change and pollution, is one of the most pressing problems facing society . This book focuses on a set of key questions relating to environmental regulation: How are activities regulated in a fragmented world - a world of nation states, regulators, domestic and international law and political contests - and one in which a range of actors, such as governments, corporations and NGOs act in order to influence regulations in specific policy areas? How are complex and trans-boundary environmental issues managed? What role does expert knowledge play in regulating this kind of issues? What give rules authority? In short, how do actors try to render an issue governable? Drawing on regulation theory, discourse theory and science and technology studies, and employing original research, the authors analyse the regulation of four kinds of complex and trans-boundary environmental issues: oil protection in the Baltic Sea, mobile phones and radiation protection, climate change adaptation and genetically modified crops. The outcomes include insights for policymakers, regulators and researchers into how dominant frames are constructed, legitimate actors are configured and authority is established. This in turn exposes the conditions for, and possibility of, developing regulation, making authoritative rules and shaping relevant knowledge in order to govern complex environmental risks.
International relations
Intelligent design : a theological and philosophical analysis
Rule of law, administrative justice, mining : Mongolia - Finland, diplomatic relations 50 years
Causation and laws of nature
The philosophy of mathematics and natural laws : another Copernican revolution
Essays concerning Hume's natural philosophy
The divine order, the human order, and the order of nature : historical perspectives
Marketing intelligent design : law and the creationist agenda
The concept of law
Reason, religion, and natural law : from Plato to Spinoza
Causation and laws of nature in early modern philosophy
Prudentia iuris : the art of the good and the just
International business : the challenge of global competition
