http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21423 feminists
feminists
Feminism in Islam : secular and religious convergences
The life and death of Emily Wilding Davison : a biographical detective story with Gertrude Colmore's The life of Emily Davison
Beyond the cyborg : adventures with Donna Haraway
The first woman in the republic : a cultural biography of Lydia Maria Child
Margaret Storm Jameson : a life
Sources and resources of feminist theologies = Quellen feministischer Theologien = Sources et resources des théologies féministes
The jazz files : Poppy Denby investigates
The end of liberation? Liberation in the end! : feminist theory, feminist theology, and their political implications = Befreiung am Ende? Am Ende Befreiung! : feministische Theorie, feministische Theologie und die politischen Implikationen = Le libération, est-elle à sa fin? Enfin la libération! : théorie féministe, théologie féministe, et les implications politiques
History of woman suffrage. Vol. 1, 1848-1861
Mary Wollstonecraft : a revolutionary life
Feminist perspectives on Jewish studies
The Webbs, Fabianism and feminism : Fabianism and the political economy of everyday life
Charlotte Perkins Gilman : the making of a radical feminist 1860-1896
Dancing with Iris : the philosophy of Iris Marion Young
In the beginning, woman was the sun : the autobiography of a Japanese feminist
"Many in the West regard feminism and Islam as a contradiction in terms. However, this is a grave misconception as Margot Badran illustrates in this career-spanning collection of influential essays. Born of over three decades of work, Feminism in Islam traces the history and interaction of both secular and Islamic feminisms in Muslim societies since the nineteenth century." "Written by one of the world's foremost experts on the subject, this landmark volume is informed by numerous interviews, letters, and memoirs of Muslim women, both historical and current. Combining both original and previously published contributions, Badran paints an engaging portrait of feminism in the Islamic world, its achievements to date, and the challenges it will face in years to come."-- Book jacket.
Margaret Fuller : an American romantic life. Vol. 1, The private years
In the thick of the fight : the writing of Emily Wilding Davison, militant suffragette
Women in political theory
Feminist ethics and the Catholic moral tradition
Originally published in 1977, this book brings together what is known about liberal feminist and socialist movements for the emancipation of women all over the world in the nineteenth and early twentieth centuries. It deals not only with Britain and the United States but also with Australia, New Zealand, France, Germany, Russia, Austria-Hungary and the Scandinavian countries. The chapters trace the origins, development, and eventual collapse of these movements in relation to the changing social formations and political structures of Europe, America and Australasia in the era of bourgeois liberalism. The first part of the book discusses the origins of feminist movements and advances a model or 'ideal type' description of their development. The second part then takes a number of case studies of individual feminist movements to illustrate the main varieties of organised feminism and the differences from country to country. The third part looks at socialist women's movements and includes a study of the Socialist Women's International. A final part touches on the reason for the eclipse of women's emancipation movements in the half-century following the end of the First World War, before a general conclusion pulls together some of the arguments advanced in earlier chapters and attempts a comparison between these feminist movements of 1840-1920 and the Women's Liberation Movement.
In-between spaces : creative possibilities for theologies of gender = Entre espacios : propuestas creativas para las teologias de género = Zwischenräume : Kreative Möglichkeiten für Gender-Theologien
An introduction to feminist philosophy
It was a bloody and dangerous war lasting several decades, won finally by sheer will and determination in 1928. Drawing on extracts from diaries, newspapers, letters, journals and books, Joyce Marlow has pieced together this inspiring, poignant and exciting history using the voices of the women themselves. Some of the people and events are well-known, but Marlow has gone beyond the obvious, particularly beyond London, to show us the ordinary women - middle and working-class, who had the breathtaking courage to stand up and be counted - or just as likely hectored, or pelted with eggs. These women were clever and determined, knew the power of humour and surprise and exhibited 'unladylike' passion and bravery. Joyce Marlow's anthology is lively, comprehensive, surprising and triumphant.
How did a religion whose founding proponents advocated a shocking disregard of earthly ties come to extol the virtues of the "traditional" family? In this richly textured history of the relationship between Christianity and the family Rosemary Radford Ruether traces the development of these centerpieces of modern life to reveal the misconceptions at the heart of the "family values" debate.
The yellow wallpaper and selected writings
The life and times of Stella Browne : feminist and free spirit
The power of naming : a Concilium reader in feminist liberation theology
Sylvia Pankhurst : sexual politics and political activism
Still flowing : woman, God and church
A black theology of liberation
Anna Howard Shaw : the work of woman suffrage
Women of ideas and what men have done to them : from Aphra Behn to Adrienne Rich
Pussy Riot : the movie
Cora Sandel : seeker of truth
The lives of Margaret Fuller : a biography
Women and social action in Victorian and Edwardian England
My life on the road
Feminist philosophers : women's perspectives on philosophical traditions
The women's room
The biographical dictionary of British feminists. Vol. 1, 1800-1930
History of woman suffrage. Vol. 2, 1861-1876
Spinsters of this parish : the life and times of F. M. Mayor and Mary Sheepshanks
Reading Ronell
The church and the second sex : with the Feminist Postchirstian Introduction and New Archaic Afterwords by the Author
Suffragette : my own story
The in-between is often considered as a bare and infertile space. To venture into the borderland between two states, for example, can be fatal; it is a lawless area, threatening and chaotic, hostile to human well-being and flourishing. Yet recent postcolonial and queer studies have increased awareness of the positive aspects of the in-between: borders also provide spaces for negotiation, interconnection and transgression and for articulations of identities and differences. Like bridges, borders emphasize difference and distance, but also connection. The interest and aim of this volume is to explore the in-between space in its positive and negative, challenging and limiting aspects with regard to issues of gender from the perspective of theology and the study of religions. The articles collected here discuss the in-between with regard to generational shifts, religious traditions, queer identities, biblical interpretations and translations, and thus provide insight into the many-fold understandings of the in-between and its application as a category of reflection and analysis.
Dancing with Iris engages with Iris Marion Young's prolific writings in political theory and in phenomenology. Contributors discuss her work from a variety of disciplines, including philosophy, political science, human rights law, cultural geography and dance studies.
Sexism and God-talk : towards a feminist theology
Rose Elizabeth Cleveland : first lady and literary scholar
A book for her
Mother Millett
Margaret Fuller : an American romantic life. [Vol. 2], The public years
Nostalgia and sexual difference : the resistance to contemporary feminism
"Weaving excerpts from Rafanelli’s novels, poems, and essays (presented here for the first time in English translation) with extensive biographical research, Andrea Pakieser traces a biographical path through the waves of strikes and insurrections that accompanied the shaky foundation of the Italian nation; the evolution and offshoots of the anarchist movement as it mixed and blended with syndicalism and egoist currents; and the chaos and insecurity brought by fascism and global war. Withdrawing from public life after WWII, Leda embarked on a new career as a palm and card reader, while working on writing biographical sketches of her anarchist comrades and continuing to invent her personal and unorthodox forms of freedom."
My own story
March, women, march
Gender, politics, and democracy : women's suffrage in China
In love and struggle : letters in contemporary feminism
Memoirs of Mary Wollstonecraft
The Red Virgin and the vision of utopia
The feminist question : feminist theology in the light of Christian tradition
Mary, mother of God, mother of the poor
Woman to woman : European feminists
Shoulder to shoulder : a documentary
The life-story of Margaret Storm Jameson (1891-1986), prolific novelist and political activist. In her time Jameson gained international recognition for her writing and for her wartime work as President of PEN, fighting for freedom and social justice while rescuing refugees from Nazi Europe and British internment camps.
Maternal theory : essential readings
Being feminist, being Christian : essays from academia
Simone de Beauvoir and Jean-Paul Sartre : the remaking of a twentieth-century legend
The suffragette movement : an intimate account of persons and ideals
"Gloria Steinem had an itinerant childhood. Every fall, her father would pack the family into the car and they would drive across the country, in search of their next adventure. The seeds were planted: Steinem would spend much of her life on the road, as a journalist, organizer, activist, and speaker. In vivid stories that span an entire career, Steinem writes about her time on the campaign trail, from Bobby Kennedy to Hillary Clinton; her early exposure to social activism in India, and the decades spent organizing ground-up movements in America; the taxi drivers who were "vectors of modern myths" and the airline stewardesses who embraced the feminist revolution; and the infinite, surprising contrasts, the "surrealism in everyday life" that Steinem encountered as she traveled back and forth across the country. With the unique perspective of one of the greatest feminist icons of the 20th and 21st centuries, here is an inspiring, profound, enlightening memoir of one woman's life-long journey"--
The eloquence of Mary Astell
These modern women : autobiographical essays from the twenties
Revolt against chivalry : Jessie Daniel Ames and the women's campaign against lynching
Betty Friedan : the personal is political
Keynes : the return of the master
Feminist political togetherness : rethinking the collective dimension of feminist politics
The hourglass factory
The strength of the weak : toward a Christian feminst identity
Women in British politics, c.1689-1979
She changes everything : seeking the divine on a feminist path
Feminists organising against gendered violence
Fuller Margaret : a new American life
The birth of Chinese feminism : essential texts in transnational theory
"Rose Elizabeth Cleveland was the First Lady of the United States for nearly two years assisting her brother, President Grover Cleveland. Lesser known, she was also a literary scholar, novelist, and a poet who published work that empowered women. Throughout her life, she placed herself in the center of controversies concerning the position of women; their social, political and educational rights and opportunities; and the changing attitudes regarding their sexuality. She posed crucial questions about social norms and identity formation, questioned the validity of the heterosexual norm, and challenged patriarchal expectations. This book puts Rose Cleveland in her proper place in the historical record and shows her work concerning the ways in which society perceived, invented, and articulated gender and sexuality to be relevant still today"--
"Nellie Dowell was a match-factory girl in Victorian London who spent her early years consigned to orphanages and hospitals. Muriel Lester, the daughter of a wealthy shipbuilder, longed to be free of the burden of money and possessions. Together, these unlikely soul mates sought to remake the world according to their own utopian vision of Christ's teachings. The Match Girl and the Heiress paints an unforgettable portrait of their late-nineteenth-century girlhoods of wealth and want, and their daring twentieth-century experiments in ethical living in a world torn apart by war, imperialism, and industrial capitalism.In this captivating book, Seth Koven chronicles how each traveled the globe--Nellie as a spinster proletarian laborer, Muriel as a well-heeled tourist and revered Christian peacemaker, anticolonial activist, and humanitarian. Koven vividly describes how their lives crossed in the slums of East London, where they inaugurated a grassroots revolution that took the Sermon on the Mount as a guide to achieving economic and social justice for the dispossessed. Koven shows how they devoted themselves to Kingsley Hall--Gandhi's London home in 1931 and Britain's first "people's house" founded on the Christian principles of social sharing, pacifism, and reconciliation--and sheds light on the intimacies and inequalities of their loving yet complicated relationship.The Match Girl and the Heiress probes the inner lives of these two extraordinary women against the panoramic backdrop of shop-floor labor politics, global capitalism, counterculture spirituality, and pacifist feminism to expose the wounds of poverty and neglect that Christian love could never heal"--
Half of the human race
Women in the priesthood? : a systematic analysis in the light of the order of creation and redemption
Suffragettes : the fight for votes for women
But she said : feminist practices of biblical interpretation
Flora Tristan : feminism in the age of George Sand
Feminist theology/Christian theology : in search of method
Inventing herself : claiming a feminist intellectual heritage
Controversies in feminist theology
Romantic outlaws : the extraordinary lives of Mary Wollstonecraft & Mary Shelley
Miss Fuller : a novel
One of the most memorable images of the British women's suffrage movement occurred on June 4, Derby Day, 1913. As the field of horses approached a turning at Epsom, militant suffragette Emily Wilding Davison ducked out from under the railing and ran onto the track, reaching for the bridle of the King's horse, and was killed in the collision. While her death transformed her into a heroine, it all but erased her identity. To identify what impelled Davison to suffer multiple imprisonments, to experience the torture of force-feedings and the insults of hostile members of the crowds who came to hear her speak, Carolyn P. Collette explores a largely ignored source--the writing to which Davison dedicated so much time and effort during the years from 1908 to 1913. Davison's writing is an implicit apologia for why she lived the life of a militant suffragette and where she continually revisits and restates the principles that guided her: that woman suffrage was necessary to improve the lives of men, women, and children; that the freedom and justice women sought was sanctioned by God and unjustly withheld by humans whose opposition constituted a tyranny that had to be opposed; and that the evolution of human progress demanded that women become fully equal citizens of their nation in every respect-- politically, economically, and culturally. In the Thick of the Fight makes available for the first time the archive of published and unpublished writings of Emily Wilding Davison. Collette reorients both scholarly and public attention away from a single, defining event to the complexity of Davison's contributions to modern feminist discourse, giving the reader a sense of the vibrancy and diversity of Davison's suffrage writings.
Krista Cowman's survey examines some of the areas of women's political activity in Britain from the period of the Glorious Revolution to the election of the first female Prime Minister. Cowman shows how women had worked in a variety of locations and organizations in the decades before the suffrage campaign, and that women's politics did not begin with the demand for a parliamentary vote. The volume also demonstrates how women's political activity continued after equal suffrage in 1928 in a number of directions within and beyond Parliament. Key topics include: - court politics in the age of Queen Mary and Queen Anne - Victorian 'pressure group' politics - Suffrage campaigns from 1867 to 1928 - the Women's Liberation Movement. Clear and wide-ranging, this is an essential book for anyone with an interest in the history of British women's involvement with politics over nearly 300 years.
Suffrage discourse in Britain during the First World War
Sisterhood is powerful : an anthology of writings from the women's liberation movement
Preaching like a woman
Mary Wollstonecraft
Art and feminism
The only way home is through the show : performance work of Lois Weaver
Lois Weaver is one of the true pioneers in feminist and lesbian performance. The Only Way Home Is Through the Show explores her collaborative work with Split Britches and Spiderwoman as well as her solo projects, performance interventions, and work as a facilitator, teacher, and as Tammy WhyNot. It tells her story through hundreds of professional and personal photos and an extraordinary range of texts, from performance writing to critical commentary - all embellished with performance ephemera, personal memoir, and hand-written notes on methodologies. Featuring a wealth of material that has never previously been published, the book includes contributions from many of Weaver's key collaborators, old and new, and many of the most important feminist writers, photographers, and performance makers of the last forty years. The Only Way Home Is Through the Show is a guided tour of Lois Weaver's aesthetics, principles, inspirations, innovations, and desires.
Sisters of the revolution : a feminist speculative fiction anthology
Quiet rumours : an anarcha-feminist anthology
A sister's courage
The match girl and the heiress
Left of Karl Marx : the political life of black communist Claudia Jones
Living with his camera
Feminist foremothers in women's studies, psychology, and mental health
The feminists : women's emancipation movements in Europe, America and Australasia 1840-1920
An account of the brilliant writer and a fiery social critic Margaret Fuller (1810-1850) who became the leading female figure in the transcendentalist movement, wrote a celebrated column of literary and social commentary for Horace Greeley's newspaper, and served as the first foreign correspondent for an American newspaper. Amid all these strivings and achievements, she authored the first great work of American feminism: Woman in the Nineteenth Century.
Being and becoming visible : women, performance, and visual culture
Ecotheology : voices from South and North
Feminist theology : listening, understandin and responding in a secular and plural world = La teología feminista : escuchar, comprender y responder en un mundo secular y plural = Feministische Theologie : zuhören, verstehen und antworten in einer säkularen und vielfältigen Welt
Emma Goldman : political thinking in the streets
One of the world's leading feminist theologians demonstrates how reading the Bible can be spiritually and politically empowering for women.
Conservative Suffragists : the women's vote and the Tory Party
To end all wars : a story of protest and patriotism in the First World War
The pioneering Garretts : breaking the barriers for women
Tales of the Lavender Menace : a memoir of liberation
Betty Friedan and the making of the feminine mystique : the American left, the cold war, and modern feminism
I belong only to myself : the life and writings of Leda Rafanelli
A biographical dictionary of women's movements and feminisms : Central, Eastern, and South Eastern Europe, 19th and 20th centuries
A new world for women : Stella Browne: socialist feminist
Monique Wittig : at the crossroads of criticism
