http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2145 surface treatment materials
surface treatment materials finishing materials
This thesis examined hydrological processes such as snowmelt and groundwater discharge in drained peatland areas in the boreal zone. The studied processes were measured in situ using environmental tracers. Further, performance of a treatment wetland was studied during snowmelt and high flow. A GIS model was developed to estimate groundwater seepage areas in peatland systems surrounding eskers.It was found that soil frost had a clear impact on water quality during snowmelt. This was evident as lower suspended sediments, water colour and dissolved organic carbon concentrations, among other changes. The treatment wetland was found to reduce the suspended solids load during the snowmelt period and late autumn, while reductions in phosphorus and nitrogen loads occurred during summer. A sampling algorithm was built to test how different sampling frequencies affected the estimation of suspended solid loads from the constructed wetland. The results showed increasing uncertainty for sparser sampling (from weekly to monthly sampling), but the uncertainty remained high even at weekly sampling. The GIS model was tested on two eskers and shown to give a fair estimate of groundwater discharge locations. It can thus be used for improving aquifer protection in boreal eskers related to the drainage networks surrounding them. However, to be applied more widely, further efforts are required.The findings in this thesis could be used to develop better water management policies for peat extraction areas, or other industries operating in similar soils and climate. For example, meltwater could be allowed to temporarily bypass treatment facilities in areas with deep soil frost penetration. The wetland study showed that peatland-based wetlands are a suitable approach for improving water treatment performance even under variable hydraulic loads. The uncertainty in the estimated load from a small peat extraction catchment was high, which might limit the use of such data for some purposes. Load estimation methods using the concentration data collected during previous years might be able to reduce the uncertainty, but if the uncertainty needs to be lowered substantially use of sensor technology might be the only viable approach.
Handbook of adhesives and surface preparation : technology, applications and manufacturing
Journal of the Oil and Colour Chemists' Association
Architectural finishes in the built environment
Abstract.
Perry's chemical engineers' handbook
Basf handbook on basics of coating technology
Environmental assessment of green chemicals : LCA of bio-based chemicals produced using biocatalysis
"Every tar knows Luxeberry Spar" : the waterproof varnish
Establishing a Nordic pesticide monitoring network
Novel methods to characterize ink - coating interactions, coating structure and surface energy
Papermaking science and technology. Book 11, Pigment coating and surface sizing of paper
Treatment and characterisation of oily wastewaters
Groundwater-surface water interactions in esker aquifers:from field measurements to fully integrated numerical modelling
Solvent gels for the cleaning of works of art : the residue question
Developing internal and external partnerships for Bio-Teho Oy
Evaluation of certain food additives and contaminants : sixty-eighth report of the Joint FAO/WHO Expert Committee on Food Additives
Coatings technology : fundamentals, testing and processing techniques
The influence of disk trenching on the turn-over rate of soil organic matter and nutrient release
Biodegradation studies of recycled vegetable oils, surface-active agents, and condensing wastewaters
Light-induced degradation of dissolved organic matter in water
Green guide for artists : nontoxic recipes, green art ideas, and resources for the eco-concious artist
Structural, mechanical, and electronic properties of pulsed laser deposited carbon thin films C-Si-heterojunctions
Organic coatings : science and technology
Novel analytical methods for the identification of emerging contaminants in aquatic environments
House paints, 1900-1960 : history and use
The natural paint book
Painting conservation catalog. Vol. 1, Varnishes and surface coatings
Material + Oberfläche = materials + finishes
On the optical inspection of pharmaceutical compacts and punches
Chemistry of the solid-water interface : processes at the mineral-water and particle-water interface in natural systems
Colouring techniques for woodturners
Occurrence of pharmaceuticals in municipal wastewater treatment plants and receiving surface waters in Central and Southern Finland
Adhesion science and engineering. 2, Surfaces, chemistry, and applications / edited by M. Chaudhury, A.V. Pocius
Ida's storehouse, the youngest of the group of the buildings belonging to the Niemelä tenant farm in the Seurasaari open-air museum, was conserved and restored in 2014-2015. For the restoration painting, the paint surfaces on the storehouse's door and window structures were analysed to identify the pigments and binders used. Several layers of paint and three different types of paint surfaces were found on the door panelling. Some of the paint layers are presumably a result of maintenance painting during the time the building has been at the museum. However, there is only one layer of paint on the frames, linings and door edges, which is therefore likely to be paint surface from the time before the building was relocated to Seurasaari. The aim was to confirm the binder used in the paint of this layer in particular, because identifying it had not been possible during preliminary studies..
Outlines of paint technology. 1, Materials
Self aggregation of fluorocarbon surfactants and fluorocarbon-hydrocarbon surfactant mixtures
Handbook of dairy foods and nutrition
Polymeric surfactants
East Asian lacquer : material culture, science and conservation
Chemical and physical changes in paints or painted wood due to ageing
Architectural paint research : sharing information, sharing decisions
The Copenhagen diagnosis : updating the world on the latest climate science
Detergents and textile washing : principles and practice
Hand-applied finishes
Lacquer : technology and conservation : a comprehensive guide to the technology and conservation of Asian and European lacquer
The interfacial behaviour of sorbitan surfactant monolayers and the bulk properties of these surfactants as a function of temperature
Paints, coatings and solvents
Groundwater-surface water interactions in esker aquifers : from field measurements to fully integrated numerical modelling
Effects of urbanization on seasonal runoff generation and pollutant transport under cold climate
Classic finishing techniques
Evaluation of directive 76/464/EEC regarding List II substances on the quality of the most important surface waters in the community
Rheological properties of pharmaceutical creams containing sorbitan fatty acid ester surfactants
Lost secrets of Flemish painting, including the first complete English translation of the De Mayerne Manuscript, B. M. Sloane 2052
Physics and chemistry of interfaces
Japanese lacquer works
Runoff generation and load estimation in drained peatland areas
On picture varnishes and their solvents
Investigating physical properties of solid dosage forms during pharmaceutical processing : process analytical applications of vibrational spectroscopy
Evaluation of certain food additives and contaminants : sixty-seventh report of the Joint FAO/WHO Expert Committee on Food Additives
Complete book of wood finishing
Twentieth-century building materials : history and conservation
European coatings handbook
Materials science of thin films : deposition and structure
Digital imaging and infrared measurements of soil adhesion and cleanability of semihard and hard surfaces
Wood modification : chemical, thermal and other processes
Using natural finishes : lime and clay based plasters, renders and paints : a step-by-step guide
The handbook of environmental chemistry. Vol. 3, Detergents : part F: Anthropogenic compounds
Textile coloration and finishing
Engineering tribology
Cationic surfactants : analytical and biological evaluation
Analysis of surfactants
Proposal for a selection of national priority substances : fulfilling the requirements set by the Dangerous Substances Directive (76/464/EEC) and the Water Framework Directive (2000/60/EC)
The environmental and economic impact of key detergent builder systems in the European Union
The colouring, bronzing and patination of metals : a manual for fine metalworkers, sculptors and designers : cast bronze, cast brass, copper and copper-plate, gilding metal, sheet yellow brass, silver and silver plate
Corrosion engineering handbook. Corrosion of linings and coatings : cathodic and inhibitor protection and corrosion monitoring
Modern wood finishing techniques
High field NMR studies of solids and surfaces
Ida's storehouse : a case study on pigments and paint binders on the folk buildings in Seurasaari
Introduction to surfactant analysis
Marbling paper & fabric
Coatings materials and surface coatings
Finishes and finishing techniques
Fate of artificial sweeteners and perfluoroalkyl acids in aquatic environment
Mesoporous silica- and silicon-based materials as carriers for poorly water soluble drugs
Water-based finishes
Violin varnishes : interesting information on resins and basic materials for violin varnish and advice on varnishing
ASM handbook. Volume 5, Surface engineering
Prevention of fouling on paper machine surfaces
Biomimetic interfaces for surface sensitive drug discovery techniques
Introduction to colloid and surface chemistry
