http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21471 criminal psychology
criminal psychology
Crime and human nature
The criminal brain : understanding biological theories of crime
The psychology and law of criminal justice processes : cases and materials
Extreme killing : understanding serial and mass murder
Investigative psychology : offender profiling and the analysis of criminal action
Rehabilitation, crime and justice
Criminal behavior : a psychological approach
Child molesters and children as witnesses : spatial behaviour, modus operandi and memory recall
The psychology of criminal conduct
Criminal psychology. Vol. 1, Theory and research
Women who kill : profiles of female serial killers
The Corrigible and the Incorrigible explores the surprising history of efforts aimed at rehabilitating convicts in twentieth-century Germany, efforts founded not out of an unbridled optimism about the capacity of people to change, but arising from a chronic anxiety about the potential threats posed by others. Since the 1970s, criminal justice systems on both sides of the Atlantic have increasingly emphasized security, surveillance, and atonement, an approach that contrasts with earlier efforts aimed at scientifically understanding, therapeutically correcting, and socially reintegrating convicts. And while a distinction is often drawn between American and European ways of punishment, the contrast reinforces the longstanding impression that modern punishment has played out as a choice between punitive retribution and correctional rehabilitation. Focusing on developments in Nazi, East, and West Germany, The Corrigible and the Incorrigible shows that rehabilitation was considered an extension of, rather than a counterweight to, the hardline emphasis on punishment and security by providing the means to divide those incarcerated into those capable of reform and the irredeemable.
Ceremonial violence : understanding columbine and other school rampage shootings
The psychology of criminal conduct : theory, research and practice
Suicidal mass murderers : a criminological study of why they kill
Crime and the lifecourse : an introduction
Criminology for dummies
International perspectives on the assessment and treatment of sexual offenders : theory, practice, and research
The line : what would it take to make your cross it?
Forensic psychology : crime, justice, law, interventions
"Since its publication in 1986, Cornish & Clarke's seminal work The Reasoning Criminal: Rational Choice Perspectives on Offending has become a very influential text in criminal decision making theory. However, Criminology seems to have lost contact with developments in other disciplines in decision making, especially with modern socio-psychological theory such as the 'Dual Process Model of Decision Making'.This book questions the extent to which criminal decision making theory should take on board recent socio-psychological results. It provides a conceptual analysis of the role of affect and cognition in criminal decision making and considers the possibility of incorporating effect within the rational choice model, as opposed to using the dual process model. In two conceptual and ten empirical chapters it is carefully argued which role emotions can and should play in decision making. Affects such as anger, shame, and sexual arousal are discussed. The empirical studies use a wide variety of methods from interviews and observations to experiments and questionnaires, and treat crimes so diverse as street robbery, pilfering, and sex offences. It will be of interest to criminologists, social psychologists, judgment and decision making (JDM) researchers, behavioral economists and sociologists alike"--
Positive criminology : reflections on care, belonging and security
Mobile banditry : East and Central European itinerant criminal groups in the Netherlands
Making sense of evil : an interdisciplinary approach
Forensic psychology for dummies
Forensics : the anatomy of crime
Emotion and the law : psychological perspectives
Violence and the struggle for existence : work of the Committee on Violence of the Department of Psychiatry, Stanford University School of Medicine
Crime prevention through environmental design
Psychological research in prisons
Minds on trial : great cases in law and psychology
The corrigible and the incorrigible : science, medicine, and the convict in twentieth-century Germany
This ground-breaking text is the first to provide a detailed overview of Investigative Psychology, from the earliest work through to recent studies, including descriptions of previously unpublished internal reports. Crucially it provides a framework for students to explore this exciting terrain, combining Narrative Theory and an Action Systems framework. It includes empirically tested models for Offender Profiling and guidance for investigations, as well as an agenda for research in Investigative Psychology. "Investigative Psychology" features: the full range of crimes from fraud to terrorism, including burglary, serial killing, arson, rape, and organised crime; important methodologies including multi-dimensional scaling and the Radex approach as well as Social Network Analysis; Geographical Offender Profiling, supported by detailed analysis of the underlying psychological processes that make this such a valuable investigative decision support tool; and, the full range of investigative activities, including effective information collection, detecting deception and the development of decision support systems. In effect, this text introduces an exciting new paradigm for a wide range of psychological contributions to all forms of investigation within and outside of law enforcement. Each chapter has actual cases and quotations from offenders and ends with questions for discussion and research, making this a valuable text for undergraduate and postgraduate courses in Applied and Forensic Psychology, Criminology, Socio-Legal Studies and related disciplines.
Psychosocial criminology
Morality behind bars : an intervention study on fostering moral competence of prisoners as a new approach to social rehabilitation
Violent offenders : theory, research, policy, and practice
The neurobiology of criminal behavior : gene-brain-culture interaction
"Should criminologists take evil seriously as a cause or explanation of crime, criminality, deviance and/or social control? This book seeks to answer this question by exploring a range of interdisciplinary approaches to evil from theology, philosophy, literary and cultural studies and anthropology to social psychology, political theory, law, radical feminism and criminology. Through applying and adapting theories and concepts from interdisciplinary sources for the purpose of criminological inquiry, Dearey presents an argument for why criminologists should begin to take this vexatious and highly controversial concept much more seriously in the development of future criminological theory and as a way to be more participative and engaged in public debates about crime"--Back cover.
Psychology and crime
From the Publisher: "Thou shalt not kill" is arguably the most basic moral and legal principle in any society. Yet while some killers are pilloried and punished, others are absolved and acquitted, and still others are lauded and lionized. Why? The traditional answer is that how killers are treated depends on the nature of their killing, whether it was aggressive or defensive, intentional or accidental. But those factors cannot explain the enormous variation in legal officials' and citizens' responses to real-life homicides. Cooney argues that a radically new style of thought-pure sociology-can. Conceived by the sociologist Donald Black, pure sociology makes no reference to psychology, to any single person's intent, or even to individuals as such. Instead, pure sociology explains behavior in terms of its social geometry-its location and direction in a multidimensional social space. Is Killing Wrong? provides the most comprehensive assessment of pure sociology yet attempted. Drawing on data from well over one hundred societies, including the modern day United States, it represents the most thorough account yet of case-level social control, or the response to conduct defined as wrong. In doing so, it demonstrates that the law and morality of homicide are neither universal nor relative but geometrical, as predicted by Black's theory.
Cybercrime : the psychology of online offenders
Criminal psychology. Vol. 3, Implications for forensic assessment, policing, and the courts
Forensic psychology : concepts, debates and practice
Criminal profiling : an introduction to behavioral evidence analysis
Prisoners prefer moral ideals like justice and responsibility just as much as non-prisoners. However, they lack moral competence, which Georg Lind has defined as the ability to solve conflicts through deliberation and communication rather than through violence, deceit and power. The data of this experimentally designed intervention study show that imprisonment mostly makes things worse. It leads to a regression of moral competence. Further, these data show that - with appropriate training methods like the Konstanz Method of Dilemma Discussion (KMDD) - moral competence can be effectively and sustainably fostered. The KMDD lets participants learn to solve stressful morally dilemmatic moments with mutual respect, thinking and discussion - the keys to a non-delinquent life in society.
Criminal psychology. Vol. 2, Typologies, mental disorders, and profiles
Understanding violence
Understanding criminal investigation
Psychopathy and law : a practitioner's guide
Criminal conduct & substance abuse treatment for women in correctional settings : adjunct provider's guide : female-focused strategies for self-improvement and change : pathways to responsible living
Profiling the criminal mind : behavioral science and criminal investigative analysis
Criminal psychology. Vol. 4, Implications for juvenile justice, corrections, and reentry
Is killing wrong? : a study in pure sociology
Sociology of deviant behavior
The dynamics of desistance : charting pathways through change
Filled with contemporary and classic case studies, this fascinating overview of both serial and mass murder illustrates the many violent expressions of power, revenge, terror, greed, and loyalty. Throughout the book, renowned experts James Alan Fox and Jack Levin examine the theories of criminal behavior and apply them to a multitude of mass and serial murderers from around the world, such as Adam Lanza (Newtown, CT), James Holmes (Aurora, CO cinema), Anders Breivik (Oslo, Norway), Charles Manson ("Helter Skelter"), and Dennis Rader (BTK). This fully updated Third Edition of Extreme Killing helps readers understand the commonalities and variations among multiple murders, addresses the characteristics of both killers and their victims, and, in the concluding chapter, discusses the special concerns of multiple murder victims and their survivors.--Publisher's description.
Psychology in prisons
Psychological methods in criminal investigation and evidence
Remorse, penal theory and sentencing
The dark side of creativity
Evaluation of criminal responsibility
Deviance, reality and society
Affect and cognition in criminal decision making
From questions surrounding motives to the concept of crimes of passion, the intersection of emotional states and legal practice has long interested professionals as well as the public--recent cases involving extensive pretrial publicity, highly charged evidence, and instances of jury nullification continue to make the subject particularly timely. With these trends in mind, Emotion and the Law brings a rich tradition in social psychology into sharp forensic focus in a unique interdisciplinary volume. Emotion, mood and affective states, plus patterns of conduct that tend to arise from them in legal contexts, are analyzed in theoretical and practical terms, using real-life examples from criminal and civil cases. From these complex situations, contributors provide answers to bedrock questions--what roles affect plays in legal decision making, when these roles are appropriate, and what can be done so that emotion is not misused or exploited in legal procedures--and offer complementary legal and social/cognitive perspectives on these and other salient issues: Positive versus negative affect in legal decision making. Emotion, eyewitness memory, and false memory. The influence of emotions on juror decisions, and legal approaches to its control. A terror management theory approach to the understanding of hate crimes. Policy recommendations for managing affect in legal proceedings. Additional legal areas that can benefit from the study of emotion. Emotion and the Law clarifies theoretical grey areas, revisits current practice, and suggests possibilities for both new scholarship and procedural guidelines, making it a valuable reference for psycholegal researchers, forensic psychologists, and policymakers.
Images of deviance
Remorse : psychological and jurisprudential perspectives
The anatomy of violence : the biological roots of crime
An introduction to criminal psychology
Eyewitness testimonies : the memory and meta-memory effects of retellings and discussions with non-witnesses
Adolescent homicides in Finland : offence and offender characteristics
Papua New Guinea's last place : experience of constraint in a postcolonial prison
