http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21441 selecting a couple
selecting a couple
Who marries whom? : educational systems as marriage markets in modern societies
Abstract.
The effect of nest coverage and entrance width on the mate choice of the common goby
Immunocompetence and sexual selection in insects
Polyandry, multiple mating and sexual conflict in a water strider, Aquarius paludum
High mobility or gift exchange : early Mesolithic exotic chipped lithics in Southern Finland
Sexual selection results from competition between individuals over access to gametes of the opposite sex. Starting with anisogamy, with females producing larger and fewer gametes than males, females usually invest more in reproduction and thus have lower potential reproductive rates than males. Therefore males are traditionally suggested to compete over females whereas females are choosy. The different evolutionary interests between the sexes result in different selection regimes considering e.g. mating rates. In some species, this conflict is even seen as apparent struggles between males and females over mating decision and/or duration, resulting in antagonistic coevolution with both sexes evolving adaptations to gain more control over the other sex. In this thesis, I studied the role of A. paludum female abdominal spines as an adaptation to reject male mating attempts. I studied both the effect of polyandry and multiple matings on female fecundity to distinguish between the potential material and genetic benefits from mating to females. I also explored the role of various male and female morphological traits on precopulatory sexual selection and the consequent female reproductive output. My results show that female abdominal spines are likely evolved through arms races between the sexes to increase female control over mating decision but according to my studies, female spines are not under active selection. Instead, certain male morphological types were more successful in achieving matings, and mating with these males also increased female fecundity. I found that multiple matings increase female fecundity up to a point, supporting a theory of optimal female mating rate. According to my results, the benefits from multiple mating to A. paludum females result from material origin whereas polyandry per se is even detrimental to female fecundity.^
The spy
The Selection changed America Singer's life in ways she never could have imagined. Since she entered the competition to become the next princess of Illéa, America has struggled with her feelings for her first love, Aspen -- and her growing attraction to Prince Maxon. Now she's made her choice... and she's prepared to fight for the future she wants / WorldCat.
All my sisters
First comes love
The age of scientific sexism : how evolutionary psychology promotes gender profiling and fans the battle of the sexes
Dating secretly : the role of the Internet in shaping transnational couple formation in the Kurdish diaspora
The selection
Evolution and sources of individual variation in mate preferences in humans
The Elite
The matchmaker
Women men love, women men leave : what makes men want to commit
Workplace romances on the example of partner selection among teacher-couples : student teachers' perceptions
Five easy pieces
The red queen : sex and the evolution of human nature
Families and intimate relationships
How I met your mother. Season 1.
Hazy summer nights
Modern romance
Fitness in male black grouse (Tetrao tetrix) : effects of life histories and sexual selection on male lifetime mating success
The Earl's mistress
Many forms of the wood tiger moth (Parasemia plantaginis) : selective heterogeneity favours polymorphic warning signals
The Selection
Three weeks with Lady X
BMI, weight and height as predictors of self-perceived mate value and hypothetical and experienced jealousy in adult Finnish men
Vanity economics : an economic exploration of sex, marriage and family
Atlantic film comedy collection 2
WTF are men thinking? : 250,000 men tell the truth about what women really want to know
The Matchmaker
Brilliant relationships : your ultimate guide to attracting and keeping the perfect partner
Mammal societies
Mating intelligence : sex, relationships, and the mind's reproductive system
The Heir
Mate choice and speciation : perspectives from adaptive dynamics and population genetics
Survival of the beautiful : art, science, and evolution
Pieces of you
How I met your mother. Season 2.
Just like proper grown-ups
Why love hurts : a sociological explanation
A good catch
We trust our sciences to operate on a plane of objectivity and fact in a world of subjectivity and cultural ideologies, but should we? In The Age of Scientific Sexism, philosopher Mari Ruti offers a sharp critique of the gender profiling tendencies of evolutionary psychology, untangling the insidious threads of various gender mythologies that have infiltrated-or perhaps even define-this faux-science. Selling stereotypes as scientific facts, evolutionary psychology continually brings retrograde models of sexuality into mainstream culture: it insists that men and women live in two completely different psychological, emotional, and sexual universes, and that they will consequently always be locked in a vicious battle of the sexes. Among these regressive arguments is the assumption that men's sexuality is urgent and indiscriminate, whereas women are "naturally" reluctant, reticent, and choosy-a concept constructed to justify masculine behavior, such as cheating, that women have historically found painful. On its most basic level, The Age of Scientific Sexism explores our impulse to "explain" romantic behavior through science: in the increasingly egalitarian gender landscape of our society, why are we so eager to embrace the rampant gender profiling that evolutionary psychology promotes? Perhaps these simplistic gender caricatures owe their popularity, at least in part, to our overly pragmatic society pragmatic society, which encourages us to search for easy answers to complex questions.
Phenotypic and genetic variations in reproduction-associated traits in Arctic charr, Salvelinus alpinus
Who is the one? : the difficulty in selecting the partner
The compatibility gene
This book presents an accessible and sometimes controversial economic exploration of numerous issues surrounding sex, marriage and family. It analyzes the role of 'vanity', defined as social status and self-esteem, in social and economic behaviors. In Veblen's theory of conspicuous consumption, vanity is associated with the consumption of luxuries such as expensive handbags and cars. In this book, Simon Fan provocatively argues that vanity is obtained by having a spouse and children with perceived 'high-quality' values, for example, a beautiful wife, a tall husband or intelligent offspring. He demonstrates from various perspectives that vanity plays a crucial role in male - female relationships and intergenerational relationships. In so doing, he challenges the conventional frontier of economics and contributes to other social sciences. This unique book will appeal to the educated general reader and interested academic alike.
The new psychology of love
The lobster
The acclaimed comedian teams up with a New York University sociologist to explore the nature of modern relationships, evaluating how technology is shaping contemporary relationships and considering the differences between courtships of the past and present.
The science of happily ever after : what really matters in the quest for enduring love
Human mate choice and prehistoric marital networks
The One
Coevolution of male signals and female preferences in <em>Drosophila montana</em> and <em>D. virilis</em>
The rules of engagement
Maintenance of genetic variation in sexual ornamentation : role of precopulatory and postcopulatory sexual selection
The geographical dimensions of partner choice
This matter of marriage
The two of us
Behavioural responses to anthropogenic disturbances
The lek mating system in the black grouse : the role of sexual selection
The evolution of desire : strategies of human mating
The Rosie project : a novel
The Rosie project
The one
When Mata Hari arrived in Paris, she was penniless. Soon she was feted as the most elegant woman in the city. Told in Mata Hari's voice through her final letter, The Spy is the unforgettable story of a woman who dared to break the conventions of her time, and paid the price.
Intimate life styles : marriage and its alternatives
Mate-selection : a study of complementary needs
Sex differences : development and evolutionary strategies
Coevolution of male signals and female preferences in Drosophila montana and D. virilis
The childless marriage : an exploratory study of couples who do not want children
Emma and the vampires
The selection stories : the prince & the guard
"Survival of the Beautiful is a revolutionary new examination of the role that art and culture play in nature and the evolutionary process. Taking his inspiration from Charles Darwin's observation that birds have a natural aesthetic sense, Rothenberg dives into the mysteries of why we create art, and why animals, humans included, have innate appreciation for beauty.Sexual selection may explain why animals desire, but it says very little about what is desired. The beauty of nature is not arbitrary, even if random mutation and whim have played a part in evolution. Where does the diverse beauty of bird plumage come from? Why do different species of butterflies have different-and beautiful-patterns on their wings? What can we learn from the amazing range of animal aesthetic behavior? And what about the role of art in human evolution? Art is a part of life that has been around for millions of years, yet we rarely ask or explore why and how.Now is the time to find out where beauty comes from. Beauty has come from millions of years of the magic of evolution, and now it is time to let it find us. The evolution of artistry in the animal world can once again help us understand how beauty matters in the human world too"--
The elite
