http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21465 irritable bowel syndrome
irritable bowel syndrome irritable colon
Clinical applications of probiotics in gastroenterology : questions and answers
Roles of keratins in intestinal health and disease
"Some phenomena in medicine and psychology remain unexplained by current theory. Chronic fatigue syndrome, repetitive strain injury and irritable bowel syndrome, for example, are all diseases or syndromes that cannot be explained in terms of a physiological abnormality. In this intriguing book, Michael Hyland proposes that there is a currently unrecognised type of illness which he calls 'dysregulatory disease'. Hyland shows how such diseases develop and how the communication and art of medicine, good nursing care, complementary medicine and psychotherapy can all act to reduce the dysregulation that leads to dysregulatory disease. The Origins of Health and Disease develops a novel theory for understanding health and disease, demonstrates how this theory is supported by existing data and how it explains currently unexplained phenomena. Hyland also shows how his theory leads to new testable predictions that, in turn, will lead to further scientific advancement and development"--Provided by publisher.
Irritable bowel syndrome : recipes and advice to control symptoms
Healthy eating for IBS
The origins of health and disease
IBS : food, facts & recipes
Finnish summary.
The Complete low-FODMAP diet : the revolutionary plan for managing symptoms in IBS, Crohn's disease, coeliac disease and other digestive disorders
IBS for dummies
Cooking well : IBS : over 100 easy recipes for irritable bowel syndrome plus other digestive diseases including Crohn's, celiac, and colitis
Pathophysiological factors of irritable bowel syndrome, and the effects of probiotic supplementation
Alterations in the intestinal microbiota of subjects diagnosed with irritable bowel syndrome
Real-time PCR : a molecular approach to investigate the role of intestinal microbiota in the pathophysiology of irritable bowel syndrome
Women's health
Inflammatory bowel diseases in Finland : epidemiology, malignancies and mortality
The Complete low-FODMAP diet : a revolutionary plan for managing IBS and other digestive disorders
Characterization of intestinal microbiota in healthy adults and the effect of perturbations
Controlling IBS the drug-free way : a 10-step plan for symptom relief
Irritable bowel syndrome in the general population : epidemiology, comorbidity, and societal costs
The book presents the latest advances in research into health effects of air pollution, with heavy motor vehicle traffic or cigarette smoke as the exemplar of pollution. The airways are the first-line defense system against pollution. The book focuses on respiratory ailments underlain by inflammation, increased susceptibility to infection, particularly acquired during harsh environmental conditions and exposures to particulate matter or pathogens. The importance of astute analysis of lung function for early diagnosis of disorders is underscored. A knowledge deficit concerning the aerosolized drug delivery through the airways also is addressed. Recent developments and viewpoints in the field of environmental health hazards as well as methodological advances in their assessment are provided. The book will be of interest to pulmonologists, healthcare providers, researchers and clinicians engaged in environment-related respiratory diseases, but also to policy makers concerned with clean ambient air quality.
