http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21453 job description
job description
Victim without a face
Boundaryless work : an explorative case study on the nature of boundaries and boundary crossings in rapidly changing research & development work
Managing the design process : concept development : an essential manual for the working designer
Becoming valuable selves : self-promotion, gender and individuality in late capitalism
The competent teacher 2010-2020 : the competences of teaching staff in upper secondary vocational education and training : final report
Hegemony, contradiction, and gender in the context of finnish university physics
Unveiling the story through portraits : portraiture in social-artistic work
European management assistants : work, challenges and the future
Health sciences librarianship
Work : a photo portrait
Who is the historian?
Whilst the body has recently assumed greater sociological significance, there has been less engagement in social work and social care on the bodily experience of health, illness and disease. This innovative volume redresses the balance by exploring chronic illness and social work, through the specific lens of autoimmunity, engaging in wider debates around vulnerability, resistance and the lived experience of ongoing ill-health. Moving beyond existing conceptualisations of vulnerability as an issue of mental distress, ageing, child protection and poverty, Price and Walker demonstrate the role that society has to play in actively engaging the physical body, rather than working around and through it. The book focuses on auto-immune conditions such as lupus, multiple sclerosis, rheumatoid arthritis and scleroderma. Conditions like these allow for an exploration of the materiality of illness which exacerbates social and economic vulnerability and may precipitate personal and social crises, requiring a variety of interventions and support. The risks and challenges associated with chronic illness include disruptions to a sense of self and identity, altered relationships and the renegotiation of roles and responsibilities in a variety of relationships in addition to an economic impact, with the potential for disruption to employment status and financial insecurity. This text opens up a range of debates around some of the central concerns of the social work profession, including vulnerability, ill-health, and independence. It will be of interest to scholars and students of social work, nursing, disability studies, medicine and the social sciences.
Handbook of education, training, and supervision of school psychologists in school and community. Volume 1, foundations of professional practice
Practising photographic art online
Theorizing cultural work : labour, continuity and change in the cultural and creative industries
Formation of the internal employer brand : case Nordea
Contemporary self-portraits. Children make their mark
An investigation into the issues facing effective employee induction : the case of new employee induction at the Skanska Nordic Procurement Unit
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
New directions for academic liaison librarians
Social media in employer brand communication: Focus on SMEs in Finland. Case study: Smarp Oy
Employer Branding for SMEs : Attracting Graduating Students in IT Industry
Exploring co-creation of educational videos in an international collaborative context
The definitive personal assistant & secretarial handbook
Development of job descriptions for soft service positions
The director's idea : the path to great directing
International film cooperation inside the Baltic Sea Region and with Japan
Abstract (s. 8-9)
Moving mosaic : exploring collegial collaboration as a way of indentifying and transforming the culture of dance teaching
Contemporary self-portraits. Kaasaegne autoportree = Современый автопотрет = Contemporary self-portrait
Teach now! : the essentials of teaching what you need to know to be a great teacher
An Investigation into the Issues Facing Effective Employee Induction : The Case of New Employee Induction at the Skanska Nordic Procurement Unit
Cooperation between brands and film industry: case : Helsinki Filmi
The Hand Drawn Animation Process : Traditional and Contemporary Methods
What is professional social work?
Job design and work organization : matching people and technology for productivity and employee involvement
The definitive executive assistant and managerial handbook : a professional guide to leadership for all PAs, senior secretaries, office managers and executive assistants
How to be an illustrator
Employer Branding for SMEs: Attracting Graduating Students in IT Industry
Employer image among summer trainees 2010: Case Wärtsilä Finland Oy
Hello world : where design meets life
The world between us - contemporary museums as public spaces : case study : EMMA
Work in care for the elderly : combining theories of job design, stress, information processing and organizational cultures
Art direction explained, at last! / Steven Heller + Veronique Vienne
Transformations of policing
Who is the historian? What do historians do? Where do their explorations take them? What is the impact of the digital age on historical research? In an affable style, Nigel A. Raab answers these questions for those intrigued by the past. Each chapter describes a specific aspect of "doing history," beginning in the physical spaces of archives and libraries around the globe. Readers are then introduced to the sources-texts, oral interviews, films, and objects-which historians interpret. Raab points out that historians do not work alone with their materials; rather, archivists, librarians, and others play a crucial role in what he calls the web of the historian's work. Readers will also learn about the skill set imparted to those pursuing a historical education. In the final chapter, Raab brings all these themes together to demonstrate the value of the historian in the contemporary world.
Making connections : exploring Methodist deacons' perspectives on contemporary diaconal ministry
Policing : a short history
Abstract: An investigation into the issues facing effective employee induction : the case of new employee induction at the Skanska Nordic Procurement Unit. The main objective of this study was to investigate what are the issues and possible problems that this one unit in a researched company is facing in their induction and how the employees themselves see the current situation of the induction.    The researched company unit felt that there was a need for a  concentrated induction process created especially for the employees of this particular unit. Before planning the new process, it would be essential to map the current situation  and define the issues that have to be taken into account when planning the induction.    This Bachelor's Thesis is therefore investigating what are the most important issues to take into consideration when it comes to new employee induction.    A critical review of the literature was carried out and an online questionnaire was administered to 53 employees who had joined the researched company unit within the past year.    The results revealed that there is no common process followed at the researched company unit. Furthermore, the findings illustrate that the issues that the company should take into account regarding the induction are the induction plan and the presence of the immediate supervisor on the newcomer's first day.
The art of teaching music
The Norbert Mayrock art collection from ancient Peru
Working in the virtual stacks : the new library and information science
Advancing occupational therapy in mental health practice
"THERE IS GOOD FOR THE BODY, BUT HERE IS BETTER FOR THE SOUL" : the representation of Romanian work migration in the Romanian New Wave films
Creating your culinary career
"Hello World" is Alice Rawsthorn's definitive guide to design and modern life. Design is one of the most powerful forces in our lives. When deployed wisely, it can bring us pleasure, choice, strength, decency and much more. But if its power is abused, the outcome can be wasteful, confusing, humiliating, even dangerous. None of us can avoid being affected by design, whether or not we wish to. It is so ubiquitous that it determines how we feel and what we do, often without our noticing. "Hello World" explores design's influence on our lives. Written by the renowned design critic Alice Rawsthorn and designed by the award-winning book designer Irma Boom, it describes how warlords, scientists, farmers, hackers, activists and designers have used design to different ends throughout history: from the macabre symbol invented by 18th century pirates to terrorise their victims into surrender, to one woman's quest for the best possible prosthetic legs and the evolution of the World Cup ball. At a time when we face colossal changes, unprecedented in their speed, scale and intensity - from the deepening environmental crisis, to giant leaps in science and technology - "Hello World" explains how design can help us to make sense of them andto turn them to our advantage.
Creative labour : working in the creative industries
"The decadents"
5 - the dish
Two gruesome murders have shocked the Swedish town of Helsingborg. The first victim, a thug who liked using his fists, died with his hands sawn off. His sidekick, a fan of steel-capped boots, was crushed to death feet-first. Both men were bullies in the same class at school. Is someone serving justice after thirty years? The killer leaves no trace behind. But for lead investigator Fabian Risk, the lack of forensic evidence is not the only problem. He too was a student in that class--which makes him both a potential victim and a potential suspect... Full of unremitting suspense and unexpected twists, Stefan Ahnhem's Victim Without a Face is a sensational thriller from a superb debut storyteller. -
Becoming a global chief security executive officer : a how to guide for next generation security leaders
Clinical nurse specialist role in Finnish health care
Who patrols the streets? : an international comparative study of plural policing
Contemporary self-portraits. Féin-phortráidí conhaimiseartha
Habitus and care : investigating welfare service workers' agency
The handbook of model job descriptions
This handbook provides a guide to all the markets for creative writing. In addition to the comprehensive listings, it contains many informative articles on writing by experts in their field, including bestselling authors.
Branding UNESCO : constructing organization image through audiovisual reprentations
The pastor as theologian : the formation of today's ministry in the light of contemporary human sciences
Disabled art : escapism as artistic tactic
Notes from my travels : visits with refugees in Africa, Cambodia, Pakistan and Ecuador
The differences in the working relationship between a literary translator and an editor in the context of a big and a small Finnish publisher
A study of the factors that attract job seekers to professional service firms : implications for employer branding
The holistic perspective to psycho-social work
Tulkki = The Interpreter
Managing the design process : implementing design : an essential manual for the working designer
A new role for fashion designers in the apparel industry : a facilitatior
The doorman = Vahtimestari
Dirty Work : concepts and identities
Feller, delimber and:  cutter (English summary)                                                                                                  .
Ward pulls from his ten years' experience as a designer and art director to tackle subjects such as design fetishists, Helvetica's neutrality, urgent briefs, as well as topics such as the validity of design education, the supposed death of print, client relationships and pitch planning. In addition, the book features contributions and insights from more than a dozen other established practitioners such as Milton Glaser, Stefan Sagmeister, Christoph Niemann and David Carson--Provided by publisher.
Interpreting for international conferences : Problems of language and communication
Summary.
The extended therapy room coming from an authentic place... : a phenomenological-hermeneutic study of my experiences as a psychotherapist in the Extended Therapy Room
Alvar Aalto : the mark of the hand
Contemporary self-portraits. Me as me
Creative careers : paths for aspiring actors, artists, dancers, musicians and writers
Make your movie : what you need to know about the business and politics of filmmaking
Photographers at work : essential business and production skills for photographers in editorial, design, and advertising
How does employer branding increase employee retention?
The writer's handbook 2011
How visual artists find employment in the Finnish game industry
Painting digitally : with Photoshop's brush tool
Chronic illness, vulnerability, and social work : autoimmunity and the contemporary disease experience
The following paper introduces an innovative international collaboration in teacher education held in 2014. This event, described as an educational video challenge, was organized as a 72 hour, hackathon-style educational experience in which university-level students worked together in teams to co-create educational videos. The objective of the challenge event was to encourage teacher students to explore the design and use of educational videos for use in their teaching practice. The challenge was simultaneously held at three universities in Finland, Austria and Germany and culminated in the screening of completed student-generated videos. The majority of videos produced during the event were trigger videos, while findings from a preliminary assessment conducted with participants suggest that an educational video challenge format shows promise as an effective method for enhancing skills associated with teaching through video and engaging participants in dialogue connected to practice.
You don't look like a librarian : shattering stereotypes and creating positive new images in the Internet age
Role emerging occupational therapy : maximising occupation focused practice
Educational interpreting for deaf students : report of the national task force on educational interpreting
Community as partner : theory and practice in nursing
European management assistants : Work, challenges and the future
Animator perspective to animation in advertising
The Role of Job Descriptions and Competencies in an International Organization       : Case: Foster Wheeler Energia Oy
