http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21477 hybrid aspen
hybrid aspen Populus tremula x tremuloides
The relationships between growth and wood properties in hybrid aspen clones
Broad-leaved breeding in Sweden
Ethylene makes trees grow faster
Hybrid aspen heterosis and breeding
Genetic control of wood physiochemical properties, growth and phenology in hybrid aspen clones
Far red end-of-day treatment restores wild type-like plant lenght in hybrid aspen overexpressing phytochrome A.
Wood quality components of hybrid aspen for paper making
Site index conversion equations for mixed trembling aspen and white spruce stands in northern British Columbia
Selection and propagation of hybrid aspen clones for growth and fibre quality
The incidence of Burkholderia in epiphytic and endophytic bacterial cenoses in hybrid aspen grown on sandy peat
Clonal differences of aspen (Populus spp.) in responses to elevated ozone and soil nitrogen
Changes in proanthocyanidin pathway affect other phenolics and growth of aspen and birch
Micropropagation of hybrid aspen
The relationship between growth and wood properties in hybrid aspen clones
Mechanical behaviour of hardwoods : effects from cellular and cell wall structures
Multiplication of hybrid aspen (Populus tremula L. x P. tremuloides Michx.) from cuttings
Possibilities of controlling the wood properties of hybrid aspen
Independent activation of cold acclimation by low temperature and short photoperiod in hybrid aspen
Endogenous haemoglobins and heterologous Vitreoscilla haemoglobin in hybrid aspen
Marketing of forest reproductive material : the use of microsatellites for identification of registered tree clones in Finland
The effect of wood properties upon micropropagation efficiency in hybrid aspen clones
Secondary xylem formation in transgenic hybrid aspen trees with an altered indole-3-acetic acid balance
European aspen and hybrid aspen under changing environment : leaf traits, growth and litter decomposition
Growth and phenology of hybrid aspen clones (Populus tremula L. x Populus tremuloides Michx.)
Can physiological and anatomical characters be used for selecting high yielding hybrid aspen clones
Clonal variation in nutrient content in woody biomass of hybrid aspen (Populus tremula L. x P. tremuloides Michx.)
Ozone responses : Russian roulette in plant cells?
Aspen in papermaking : papers from research consortium 'Aspen in papermaking' : seminar of the Wood Wisdom project 20.11.2000 in Espoo, Finland
Effect of climatic factors on tree-ring width of Populus hybrids in Latvia
Experiences and ideas of hybrid aspen (Populus tremula x tremuloides) in Sweden
The effect of wood properties on the possibilities of propagating hybrid aspen vegetatively
Ecological interactions between herbivores and silver birch and aspen trees genetically modified for fungal disease resistance
Genetically modified silver birch and hybrid aspen : target and non-target effects of introduced traits
Fast-growing hybrids of Populus L. have an increasing importance as a source of renewable energy and as industrial wood. Nevertheless, the long-term sensitivity of Populus hybrids to weather conditions and hence to possible climatic hazards in Northern Europe have been insufficiently studied, likely due to the limited age of the trees (short rotation). In this study, the climatic sensitivity of ca. 65-year-old hybrid poplars (Populus balsamifera L. × P. laurifolia Ledeb.), growing at two sites in the western part of Latvia, and ca. 55-year-old hybrid aspens (Populus tremuloides Michx. × P. tremula L.), growing in the eastern part of Latvia, have been studied using classical dendrochronological techniques. The high-frequency variation of tree-ring width (TRW) of hybrid poplar from both sites was similar, but it differed from hybrid aspen due to the diverse parental species and geographic location of the stands. Nevertheless, some common tendencies in TRW were observed for both hybrids. Climatic factors influencing TRW were generally similar for both hybrids, but their composition differed. The strength of climate-TRW relationships was similar, but the hybrid poplar was affected by a higher number of climatic factors. Hybrid poplar was sensitive to factors related to water deficit in late summer in the previous and current years. Hybrid aspen was sensitive to conditions in the year of formation of tree-ring. Both hybrids also displayed a reaction to temperature during the dormant period. The observed climate-growth relationships suggest that increasing temperatures might burden the radial growth of the studied hybrids of Populus..
Endogenous haemoglobins and heterologous <em>Vitreoscilla</em> haemoglobin in hybrid aspen
Successional and spatial patterns of bacterial communities in hydrocarbon-contaminated soils and Populus rhizosphere
Short-rotation bioenergy stands as an alternative to spruce plantations: implications for bird biodiversity
