http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21448 law (phenomena)
law (phenomena)
The ascent of Christian law : Patristic and Byzantine formulations of a new civilization
Criminalizing business cartels in Europe : a comparative perspective
Political change in Myanmar : filtering the murky waters of "disciplined democracy"
Does using a visual-representation tool foster students  ability to identify forces and construct free-body diagrams?
On law and reason
The law of war : a documentary history
The Canonization of Islamic Law tells the story of the birth of classical Islamic law in the eighth and ninth centuries CE. It shows how an oral normative tradition embedded in communal practice was transformed into a systematic legal science defined by hermeneutic analysis of a clearly demarcated scriptural canon. This transformation was inaugurated by the innovative legal theory of Muammad b. Idris al-Shafii (d. 820 CE), and it took place against the background of a crisis of identity and religious authority in ninth-century Egypt. By tracing the formulation, reception, interpretation, and spread of al-Shafii's ideas, the author demonstrates how the canonization of scripture that lay at the heart of al-Shafii's theory formed the basis for the emergence of legal hermeneutics, the formation of the Sunni schools of law, and the creation of a shared methodological basis in Muslim thought.
Law from the Tigris to the Tiber : the writings of Raymond Westbrook. Volume 1, The shared tradition
What the law says? Reflections on literal interpretation
Democracy, law and governance
Quality assurance of legal expert systems
The most dangerous book : the battle for James Joyce's Ulysses
Islamic legal orthodoxy : twelver Shiite responses to the Sunni legal system
Timur Kuran argues that what slowed the economic development of the Middle East was not colonialism or geography, still less Muslim attitudes or some incompatibility between Islam and capitalism. Rather, starting around the tenth century, Islamic legal institutions, which had benefitted the Middle Eastern economy in the early centuries of Islam, began to act as a drag on development by slowing or blocking the emergence of central features of modern economic life - including private capital accumulation, corporations, large-scale production, and impersonal exchange. By the nineteenth century, modern economic institutions began to be transplanted to the Middle East, but its economy has not caught up. And there is no quick fix today. Low trust, rampant corruption, and weak civil societies - all characteristic of the region's economies today and all legacies of its economic history - will take generations to overcome.
Open government data: legal, economical, and semantic web aspects
Jesus' attitude towards the law : a study of the Gospels
Interfaces of law
Law and justice in Korea : South and North
Law from the Tigris to the Tiber : the writings of Raymond Westbrook. Volume 2, Cuneiform and biblical sources
Justice, history, and language in James Joyce's Finnegans wake
Law : a personal view
Economics and the autonomy of law : some comments
Confucianism, law, and democracy in contemporary Korea
Jesus and the law in the synoptic tradition
What are they saying about Paul and the law?
The future and other time issues in legal representation
Dispensing justice in Islam : Qadis and their judgements
Laws, mind, and free will
The Qurʼān's legal culture : the Didascalia Apostolorum as a point of departure
"This book is the first work of its kind to examine legal exegesis in the Dead Sea Scrolls from the perspective of both the history of Jewish law and early Jewish scriptural interpretation. It shows how the Dead Sea Scrolls transform the meaning and application of biblical law to meet the needs of new historical and cultural settings. The Dead Sea Scrolls legal texts are examined through the comparative lens of law and legal interpretation in Second Temple Judaism and rabbinic Judaism. The creative interpretation of scriptural texts in the Dead Sea Scrolls responds to the tension between seemingly rigid authoritative scripture and the need for law and scripture to be perpetually evolving entities. The ongoing legal interpretation of scriptural texts frames the development of Jewish law at the same time as it shapes the nature of the biblical canon"--
Law and popular culture : a course book
The juridical matrix
The Qurʼan : an introduction
In the year 1000, the economy of the Middle East was at least as advanced as that of Europe. But by 1800, the region had fallen dramatically behind--in living standards, technology, and economic institutions. In short, the Middle East had failed to modernize economically as the West surged ahead. What caused this long divergence? And why does the Middle East remain drastically underdeveloped compared to the West? In The Long Divergence, one of the world's leading experts on Islamic economic institutions and the economy of the Middle East provides a new answer to these long-debated questions.
Women in the sex texts of Leviticus and Deuteronomy : a comparative conceptual analysis
Law, decision-making, and microcomputers : cross-national perspectives
Endless bliss. 2nd fascicle
Russia's factory children : state, society, and law, 1800-1917
Copyright bulletin
Commercial laws of Europe
Security and society : reflections on law, order and politics
Law, morality, and legal positivism : proceedings of the 21st World Congress of the International Association for Philosophy of Law and Social Philosophy (IVR) ; Lund, Sweden, 12-18 August 2003
In search for the European solidarity : the rule of law within the European Union in the framework of constitutional pluralism
Liability and responsibility: essays in law and morals
The general theory of law and marxism
European yearbook in law and sociology 1977
Text, notes and chromograms
According to the Scriptures? : the challenge of using the Bible in social, moral and political questions
The laws of the Damascus document : sources, tradition and redaction
Forest act habitats : Finnish woodland key habitats amid the intensive forestry
The biblical world. Vol. 2
Aspects of cleft lip and palate from Northern Finland:clefts in Northern Finland
The law and the individual
Conquest and the law in Swedish Livonia (ca. 1630-1710) : a case of legal pluralism in early modern Europe
Collected essays. Vol. 5, Religion and public reasons
Luke and the law
Animal welfare in Finland : a national report on animal welfare
Aharon M. K. Rabinowicz : jubilee volume
Justice and compassion in biblical law
Sports and the law : text, cases, problems
Sexuality, marriage, and celibacy in Byzantine law : selections from a fourteenth-century encyclopedia of canon law and theology : the Alphabetical Collection of Matthew Blastares
Legally speaking : contemporary American culture and the law
Narratives of Islamic legal theory
Making home rules for mother tongues : the legal implications of linguistic diversity in the design of autonomy regimes
Gendered imagery in criminal law : equalizing images?
Producer responsibility and supplementary transport of municipal packaging waste : case: Päijät-Häme waste management region
Sustainable Buildings for the High North. Existing buildings – technologies and challenges for residential and commercial use
Housing companies : maintenance and repair responsibilities
The long divergence : how Islamic law held back the Middle East
Parental responsibilities : national reports : working field 2
Just interpretations : law between ethics and politics
Statics for dummies
Endless bliss. 5th fascicle
A collection of original essays developing a Confucian political and legal theory, focusing on South Korea, traditionally the most Confucian East Asian country in its legal, political, and cultural practices.
There is a strong relationship between the media and intellectual property. On the one hand, intellectual property goods are created because they are transmitted through the media, on the other hand media can only work by creating goods of intellectual property. The development of media society set before intellectual property law many challenges. Both law practitioners and academics ask whether the law follows the media and their spectacular development, and whether the law meets expectations of media society. The answers to these questions are negative, but fortunately law tries not to be further than a step behind the progress, not only by creating new legal frameworks that meet the needs, but also, and perhaps above all, thanks to the progressive interpretation of traditional legal rules..
Bright young things
Accountability in Africa's land rush : what role for legal empowerment?
Environmental information from the Svalbard ice core for the past 800 years
Parliamentary oversight of the exceptional situations in a presidential system : debating the reassertion of the constitutional powers of the US Congress
The Ten Commandments in recent research
The Mishnah : a new translation
Medical devices law and regulation answer book, 2014
MBA fundamentals business law
The divine lawmaker : lectures on induction, laws of nature, and the existence of God
The canonization of Islamic law : a social and intellectual history
Information doesn't want to be free : laws for the Internet age
Scripture and law in the Dead Sea scrolls
Ethics in practice : lawyers ́ roles, responsibilities, and regulation
Laws, attitudes and public policy
The settlement of disputes in early medieval Europe
Data protection by design and default :  a study on new European operational data protection principles under the article 25 of the new European general data protection regulation and on their application in practice from the perspective of the private data controllers and processors
Divine covenants and moral order : a biblical theology of natural law
Is Coeducation An Untouchable Dogma? : Breaking Ground in the Introduction of Single-Sex Education
Lex Talionis in early Judaism and the exhortation of Jesus in Matthew 5.38-42
Courtroom to revolutionary stage : performance and ideology in Weimar political trials
The liber augustalis : promulgated by the emperor Fredrik II for the kingdom of Sicily in 1231 = Constitutions of Melfi
Expert systems in law : impacts on legal theory and computer law
In Conquest and the Law in Swedish Livonia (ca. 1630-1710), Heikki Pihlajamaki offers an exciting account of the law and judiciary in seventeenth-century Livonia. Immediately after Sweden conquered the province in the 1620s, a reorganization of the Livonian judiciary began. Its legal order became largely modelled after Swedish law, which differed in important ways from its Livonian counterpart. While Livonian legal tradition was firmly anchored in the European ius commune, the conquerors' law was, by nature, not founded in legal learning. The volume convincingly demonstrates how the differences in legal cultures decisively affected the way Livonian judicial and procedural systems were shaped. Based on archival sources, the study presents an important contribution to the comparative legal history of the early modern period.
With liberty and justice for some ; how the law is used to destroy equality and protect the powerful
Rumpole misbehaves : a novel
The ideology of apolitical politics : elite lawyers' response to the legitimation crisis of American capitalism, 1870-1920
Law, society and culture in the Maghrib, 1300-1500
A study of the factors that attract job seekers to professional service firms : implications for employer branding
In the critical period when Islamic law first developed, a new breed of jurists developed a genre of legal theory treatises to explore how the fundamental moral teachings of Islam might operate as a legal system. Seemingly rhetorical and formulaic, these manuals have long been overlooked for the insight they offer into the early formation of Islamic conceptions of law and its role in social life. In this book, Rumee Ahmed shatters the prevailing misconceptions of the purpose and form of the Islamic legal treatise. Ahmed describes how Muslim jurists used the genre of legal theory to argue for individualized, highly creative narratives about the application of Islamic law while demonstrating loyalty to inherited principles and general prohibitions. These narratives are revealed through careful attention to the nuanced way in which legal theorists defined terms and concepts particular to the legal theory genre, and developed pictures of multiple worlds in which Islamic law should ideally function. Ahmed takes the reader into the logic of Islamic legal theory to uncover diverse conceptions of law and legal application in the Islamic tradition, clarifying and making accessible the sometimes obscure legal theories of central figures in the history of Islamic law. The book offers important insights about the ways in which legal philosophy and theology mutually influenced premodern jurists as they formulated their respective visions of law, ethics, and theology.
Logos and law in the letter of James : the law of nature, the law of Moses and the law of freedom
How to fix copyright
David Andrew Teeter examines the nature and background of deliberate scribal changes in the texts and versions of biblical law during the late Second Temple period. He offers a descriptive typology and detailed analysis of the attested textual variants and their place within the multi-faceted interpretive encounter with scripture in the late Second Temple period.
Modularization of legal expert systems
Q and the law
Endless bliss. 1st fascicle
Normativity of scientific laws
In this volume, Bradley R. Trick argues that Hellenistic testamentary adoption provides the key to understanding Abrahamic descent and its implications for the law in Galatians. By thoroughly analyzing the Greco-Roman and Jewish contexts of Paul's references to testaments/covenants (deltaiotaalphathetaetakappaalphaiota) and adoption, Trick establishes that Gal 3-4 portrays the Abrahamic deltaiotaalphathetaetakappaeta as a Hellenistic testament through which God adopts Abraham. This insight enables a coherent and collectively consistent interpretation of Paul's Abrahamic appeals to emerge, one in which "sons" (3:7) designates Jews, "children of promise" (4:28) designates gentiles, and "seed" designates Christ (3:16) and the interdependent union of Jews and gentiles in Christ (3:29). The need to preserve the singularity of this seed then grounds God's giving of the law.
The laws of Yahweh : a handbook of biblical law
What should you know about trademarks when doing business in Russia : Case - Project application for the Baltic Institute of Finland
Subversion and sympathy : gender, law, and the British novel
Modern Korean family : a sourcebook
Fundamentals of Physics : Mechanics, Relativity, and Thermodynamics
Nursing law and ethics
Collected essays. Vol. 2, Intention and identity
The biblical world. Vol. 1
Law, order, and power
Selected political writings
Conceptual fallacies behind the idea of unprotected intellectual works
Justice, law and culture
The Long Divergence opens up a frank and honest debate on a crucial issue that even some of the most ardent secularists in the Muslim world have hesitated to discuss.
Studies in the Book of the Covenant in the light of cuneiform and biblical law
The conflict of laws
Diverging paths? : the shapes of power and institutions in medieval Christendom and Islam
Once a jolly hangman : Singapore justice in the dock
Computer law & practice
Dark speech : the performance of law in early Ireland
WHO expert committee on problems related to alcohol consumption : second report
A contribution to a classification of legal models : external and internal equivalences of legal models
Law and custom in Korea : comparative legal history
Does speed matter? : the impact of the EU membership incentive on rule adoption in minority language rights protection
Abstract: Professional dominance? Lawyers and government in Finland.
Collected essays. Vol. 3, Human rights and common good
Legal revision and religious renewal in ancient Israel
Zhonghua Renmin Gongheguo tudi guanlifa = Land administration law of the People's Republic of China
Osborn's concise law dictionary
Studies in biblical law
Copyright world
Dental and otologic problems in cleft lip and palate patients from Northern Finland:cleft associated problems
Redefining the legal and canonical role of the old believers marriage in 19th century Russia : a history of one case
Contemporary issues of the semiotics of law : cultural and symbolic analyses of law in a global context
Abrahamic descent, testamentary adoptation, and the law in Galatians : differentiating Abraham's sons, seed, and children of promise
"The right chorale" : studies in biblical law and interpretation
Ten reflections on the Constitutional Treaty for Europe
What is done cannot be undone: the changing face of intellectual property law in the media society
Private security and the law
The requirements and compliance of the Finnish act on energy efficiency in a large enterprise : a case study from the healthcare industry
The American political process
Wrong assumptions, wrong conclusions: economics of intangible goods and its impact on interpretations of copyright law on the internet
Swiss corporation law : english translation of the provisions of the amended swiss code of obligations governing corporations : with an introduction to swiss corporation law
Dispensing Justice is designed to serve as a source book of Islamic legal practice and qadi court records from the rise of Islam to modern times, drawing upon court records and qadi judgments, in addition to literary sources. In the first chapter, we survey the state of the field, sketching the history, structure, and modern transformation of the qadiship. The twenty chapters that follow are grouped thematically in four sections: (1) the nature and functions of the judgeship and its development over time; (2) the structure of the judicial apparatus; (3) the application of juristic thought ... read more and reasoning to specific cases in selected areas of the law; and (4) judicial procedure and the different forms of evidence. The volume fills a large gap in Islamic legal history.
Interpreting CISG Article 79 (1): Economic Impediment and the Reasonability Requirement
The Great Ming Code : Da Ming lü
Re-reading Foucault : on law, power and rights
This paper is an overview on the Open Government Data (OGD) environment in the EU. It aims to point out the relevant legal issues together with the economic aspects arising from the disclosure and exploitation of OGD. Therefore, the paper highlights the noteworthy technological aspects related with the opening of OGD datasets. This survey is based on an interdisciplinary approach. Interdisciplinarity in the digital environment means that OGD should be considered as an integrated, interoperable and collaborative ecosystem. The main legislative source taken into account for the survey is the Directive 2003/98/EC on the re-use of public sector information as recently amended by the Directive 37/2013/EU..
Citizens should vote on secession
Rules, principles and goals : the interplay between law, morals and politics
This book addresses the old question of natural law in its interesting contemporary context. David VanDrunen draws on both his Reformed theological heritage and the broader Christian natural law tradition to develop a constructive theology of natural law through a thorough study of Scripture. The biblical covenants organize VanDrunen's study. Part 1 addresses the covenant of creation and the covenant with Noah, exploring how these covenants provide a foundation for understanding God's governance of the whole world under the natural law. Part 2 treats the redemptive covenants that God established with such people as Abraham and Moses and explores the obligations of God's people to natural law within these covenant relationships. In the concluding chapter of Divine Covenants and Moral Order VanDrunen reflects on the need for a solid theology of natural law and the importance of natural law for the Christian's life in the public square.
A sociological theory of law
Status and Exchange in Early Irish Laws
Principles of Islamic jurisprudence : according to Shiʻi law
Normative and epistemological aspects concerning legal liability for risk-taking
The Ten commandments in new perspective : a traditio-historical approach
The impact of SOX on earnings quality : evidence from Italy and United Kingdom
From problems to critical success factors of enterprise architecture adoption
Law and the legal process
Competition between types of regulation : the impact of computerization of law
Law in the Documents of the Judaean Desert
Natural law : a Lutheran reappraisal
Philosophy in the development of law
Introduction to law
The Reverse of the curse : Paul, Wisdom and the Law
Introduction to Chinese law
Semi-presidential aspects in the year 2000 Constitution of Finland
Access to Finnish law [Talentum verkkokirjahylly]
Religion, law and society : a Christian-Muslim discussion
Tuomioistuinsanasto = Domstolsordlista = Glossary of court terms = Glossar der Gerichtsterminologie = Vocabulaire de la justice
Anatomy of the law
Abortion in the early middle ages, c. 500-900
The failure of the EU's constitutional project
Voting rules and budget allocation in an enlarged EU
Tax heterogeneity and trading volume around the ex-dividend day : Estonian evidence
Economic morality and Jewish law
Collected essays. Vol. 4, Philosophy of law
The due process of law
School judgment : Gakkyu hotei. 1, The Suzuki murder and dismemberment case
"Creative legal thinking" and the evolution of international refugee law
Reflections on law, inertia and legitimacy
A concise history of the law of nations
From ethics to biolaw = De l'ethique au biodroit
American private express trust and Finnish closed foundation : definition and comparative analysis
Endless bliss. 4th fascicle
Levinas, ethics and law
The Treysa Conference on "the Biblical doctrine of law and justice" : report of a conference arranged by the Study Department of the World Council of Churches, held at Treysa, Germany, August 2d to 7th, 1950
System estimates of potential output and the NAIRU
Judaic ethics for a lawless world
Law and evil : philosophy, politics, psychoanalysis
The limits and the great escapes : modern legal justice in the mirror of systems theory
Islamic law & its implications for the modern world
Spatializing law : an anthropological geography of law in society
Christ and the law in Paul
The criminalization of abortion in the West : its origins in medieval law
This volume documents the results of an international, interdisciplinary exchange between legal scholars, theologians, scientists, and philosophers. During the course of several years, these thinkers explored analogies and differences between concepts of law in various academic disciplines, probing the sustainability of an interdisciplinary concept of law. While inspired by objectives of the natural law debate, the contributions nonetheless assume that a dialogue between theology and philosophy is not sufficient to forge both a critical and constructive association of "reason and religion." The contributors pursue a concept of law which is viable in multidisciplinary as well as international regard and, while drawing on the goals of the natural law debate, leaves its shortcomings behind. Contributors: Nicolaidis Agyris, Harold J. Berman, Rüdiger Bittner, Gregor Etzelmüller, Niels Henrik Gregersen, Jörg Hüfner, Wentzel van Huyssteen, Matthias Konradt, Wang Liuer, Patrick Miller, John Polkinghorne, Jeff Schloss, Konrad Schmid, Mathias Schmoeckel, Christoph Strohm, Christiane Tietz, Michael Welker, John Witte, Judy Wornat.
Do the Qur'an and the Didascalia Apostolorum share a legal culture, as the laws and the legal narratives of both texts suggest? Holger Michael Zellentin assesses the close affinity between both texts in light of the chronological, linguistic, and religious differences that separate them, offering new insights on the communities of Late Antique Judaism, Christianity, and the Qur'an.
Economic Morality and Jewish Law compares the way in which welfare economics and Jewish law determine the propriety of an economic action, whether by a private citizen or the government. Espousing what philosophers would call a consequentialist ethical system, welfare economics evaluates the worthiness of an economic action based on whether the action would increase the wealth of society in the long run. In sharp contrast, Jewish law espouses a deontological system of ethics. Within this ethical system, the determination of the propriety of an action is entirely a matter of discovering the applicable rule in Judaism's code of ethics. This volume explores a variety of issues implicating morality for both individual commercial activity and economic public policy. Issues examined include price controls, the living wage, the lemons problem, short selling, and Ronald Coase's seminal theories on negative externalities. To provide an analytic framework for the study of these issues, the work first delineates the normative theories behind the concept of economic morality for welfare economics and Jewish law, and presents a case study illustrating the deontological nature of Jewish law. The book introduces what for many readers will be a new perspective on familiar economic issues. Despite the very different approaches of welfare economics and Jewish law in evaluating the worthiness of an economic action, the author reveals a remarkable symmetry between the two systems in their ultimate prescriptions for certain economic issues. -- Review: "Of overriding importance in Orthodox Jewish practice are the rules pertaining to the behavior of man to his fellow man. This has its origins in the Bible, and was later extensively developed in the Talmud, starting some 2,000 years ago. The late Rabbi Professor Aaron Levine was undoubtedly the world's foremost authority on the relationship between this literature and modern economic thought. This book therefore promises to become the classical reference on this subject."--Robert John Aumann, Professor Emeritus, The Hebrew University of Jerusalem, and co-winner of the Nobel Prize in Economics, 2005"By bringing to economics a distinct moral tradition-that of Jewish law as it has evolved over the centuries-Levine offers deep insights into economic theory."--Robert J. Shiller, Arthur M. Okun Professor of Economics, Yale University"Aaron Levine was a fine economist. But his delight was in the Law of the Lord, on which, judging from the depth of his scholarship, he surely meditated day and night. The eight essays collected here explore the deep connections between traditional Jewish law and modern welfare economics. They stand as testimony to this outstanding scholar's commitment and insight."--Benjamin M. Friedman, William Joseph Maier Professor of Political Economy, Harvard University, and author of The Moral Consequences of Economic Growth
Legal analysis and the relative autonomy of the law
Democracy's duty : the history of political debates on compulsory voting
Procedural justice : a psychological analysis
Novel judgements : legal theory as fiction
The limits of law
Dante and the limits of the law
Law and social conflict
Law and the making of the Soviet world : the red demiurge
The Cheyenne way : conflict and case law in primitive jurisprudence
Luther on faith and love : Christ and the law in the _535 Ga_atians commentary
Law and religion in the Roman republic
Jewish law from Jesus to the Mishnah : five studies
Isomorphic modelling of statutory law : versus top-down modlling
The magician, the witch and the law
Law, psychoanalysis, society : taking the unconscious seriously
Swedish summary.
Grace in Galatia : a commentary on St. Paul's letter to the Galatians
Beautiful days : a bright young things novel
The Dead Sea scrolls : Hebrew, Aramaic, and Greek texts with English translations. Vol. 3, Damascus document II, some works of the Torah and related documents
A tree of life : diversity, flexibility, and creativity in Jewish law
Russian imperial Lutheran liturgy since the publication of the 1832 agenda
Law and justice on the small screen
The Ashgate research companion to Islamic law
Scribal laws : in the textual transmission of biblical law in the late Second Temple period
Jewish traditions in early Christian literature. Vol. 1, Paul and the Jewish law : Halakha in the letters of the Apostle to the gentiles
"This pioneering study examines the process of reasoning in Islamic law. Some of the key questions addressed here include whether sacred law operates differently from secular law, why laws change or stay the same and how different cultural and historical settings impact the development of legal rulings. In order to explore these questions, the author examines the decisions of thirty jurists from the largest legal tradition in Islam: the Hanafi school of law. He traces their rulings on the question of women and communal prayer across a very broad period of time - from the eighth to the eighteenth century - to demonstrate how jurists interpreted the law and reconciled their decisions with the scripture and the sayings of the Prophet. The result is a fascinating overview of how Islamic law has evolved and the thinking behind individual rulings"--
Annals of air and space law
The Development of Animal Welfare in Finland and How People Perceive Animal Welfare : Case Study: Animals in Tourism: Zoos
Scene of the Cybercrime
Concepts of law in the sciences, legal studies, and theology
The logic of law making in Islam : women and prayer in the legal tradition
EU private international law : harmonization of laws
Understanding the 1986 tax changes : an executive summary
Long Struggle for the Shari'a in Northern Nigeria
Interests and the legitimacy of law
Access to Finnish law
Endless bliss. 3rd fascicle
Endless bliss. 6th fascicle
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
The ten commandments : a short history of an ancient text
If you make a wrong assumption, you come to wrong conclusion. Michał Kalecki.
Voting rules and budget allocation in the enlarged EU
Justification and variegated nomism. Volume 1, The complexities of second temple Judaism
Electrical Engineering 101 : Everything You Should Have Learned in School... but Probably Didn't
The policy of law : a legal theoretical framework
Securing Peace : article 9 and security policy under Koizumi Junichiro and Abe Shinzo
Impacts of state aid rules on the voluntary tasks of municipalities in support of local livelihood
Paul and the Mosaic law
