http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21417 anime
anime
Kids draw anime
How to draw anime & game characters. Vol. 5, Bishoujo game characters
Neon genesis evangelion. Collection 0:3, Against the angels..
Art in anime : the creative quest as theme and metaphor
Genshiken. 2, Save the Genshiken!
Robotech : Macross saga. Episodes 25-28
Princess Mononoke : the art and making of Japan's most popular film of all time
Starship troopers : invasion
The rough guide to anime
Starting point : 1979-1996
Short peace ; Ranko Tsukigime's longest day : PlayStation 3
Manga girl seeks herbivore boy : studying Japanese gender at Cambridge
Cool Japan design : inspired graphics of Japanese manga, animation and game
How to draw manga. Vol. 3, Compiling application and practice
Naruto : rise of a Ninja : Xbox 360
Anime : a guide to Japanese animation (1958-1988)
Dragon ball Z : battle of Z : Xbox 360
Final fantasy: unlimited. Phase 4
Pojo's Unofficial Ultimate Pokémon is a comprehensive review of everything to know and love about Pokémon with character profiles, anime and movie reviews, tips for building your team in the video games, collectors information about the Pokémon Trading Card Game, Pokémon puzzle pages, and more! Featuring all six generations of Pokémon, this is the ultimate guide for Pokémon fans of all ages.
Interstella 5555 : the story of the secret star system
Proto anime cut archive : Räume und Visionen im japanischen Animationsfilm = spaces and visions in japanese animation
Dragon ball Z : battle of Z : PlayStation 3
"Monsters, ghosts, fantastic beings, and supernatural phenomena of all sorts haunt the folklore and popular culture of Japan. Broadly labeled 'yokai,' these creatures come in infinite shapes and sizes, from tengu mountain goblins and kappa water spirits to shape-shifting foxes and long-tongued ceiling-lickers. Currently popular in anime, manga, film, and computer games, many yokai originated in local legends, folktales, and regional ghost stories. Drawing on years of research in Japan, Michael Dylan Foster unpacks the history and cultural context of yokai, tracing their roots, interpreting their meanings, and introducing people who have hunted them through the ages. In this delightful and accessible narrative, readers will explore the roles played by these mysterious beings within Japanese culture and will also learn of their abundance and variety through detailed entries, some with original illustrations, on more than fifty individual creatures. The Book of Yokai provides a lively excursion into Japanese folklore and its ever-expanding influence within global popular culture. It invites readers to examine how people create, transmit, and collect folklore, and how they make sense of the mysteries in the world around them. By exploring yokai as a concept, we can better understand broader processes of tradition, innovation, storytelling, and individual and communal creativity"--Provided by publisher.
Short peace : Ranko Tsukigime's longest day : PS3
Legend of the Millennium Dragon
Paranoia Agent. Volume 3 : Serial psychosis
Ghost in the shell : stand alone complex. Vol. 05.
The cinema of Hayao Miyazaki
The secret of blue water
AniMate : anime in Japanese and Korean contemporary art
Naruto Shippuden : ultimate ninja storm generations : PlayStation 3
Neon Genesis Evangelion : collection 0 : 2.
Pojo's Unofficial Ultimate Pokémon : from your first cards to the latest games and everything in between!
Despite the growing popularity and influence of Japanese animation in America and other parts of the world, the importance of anime studies as audio-visual translation has not been well-recognized academically. In order to throw new light on this problem, the author attempts to clarify distinctive characteristics of English dubs of Japanese animated films between the 1980s and the 2000s, including Hayao Miyazaki's, in descriptive ways: through a corpus-based statistical analysis of vocabulary and a qualitative case study approach to the multimodal text from a synchronic and diachronic point of view. Discussing how translation norms have changed on the spectrum from target-oriented to source-oriented, the author carefully examines what kind of shift occurred to translations of Japanese animation around the turn of the 21st century. Whereas the pre-2000 translations tend to give preference to linguistic persuasion (i.e., a preference for expository dialogue that sounds natural to the American audiences), the post-2000 translations attach higher priority to achieving dynamic equivalence of the multimodal situations as a whole. The translation of anime has been rapidly increasing its rich diversity these few decades, opening up new possibilities and directions for translating its unique visual and iconic language.
the Anime encyclopedia : a guide to Japanese Animation since 1917
Ninja scroll. Volume 2, Dangerous path
Naruto : ultimate ninja storm : PlayStation 3
Tulikärpästen hauta = Grave of the fireflies
Naruto Shippuden : ultimate ninja storm generations : Xbox 360
Naruto : rise of a Ninja : Xbox 360, live
Paranoia agent. Volume 3, Serial psychosis
Little boy : the arts of Japan's exploding subculture : [Japan Society Gallery, New York, April 8 - July 24, 2005] / edited by Takashi Murakami
Naruto Shippuden : ultimate ninja storm 3 : PlayStation 3
Animation on DVD : the ultimate guide
Ghost in the shell : the movie
How to draw manga. [Vol. 1] : compiling characters : power up Manga techniques for beginners
Interstella 5555 : the 5tory of the 5ecret 5tar 5ystem
Tales of Xillia 2 : [day one edition] : PlayStation 3
Mangatopia : essays on manga and anime in the modern world
Ghost in the shell : stand alone complex. Vol. 01.
MyM : moving pictures for everyone
Genshiken. 3, Sisterly love
One Piece : Pirate warriors. 2 : PlayStation 3
Naruto Shippuden : ultimate ninja storm 3 : full burst : PlayStation 3
The complete guide to anime techniques : create mesmerizing manga-style animation with pencils, paint and pixels
The anime companion : what's Japanese in Japanese animation?
Cruising the anime city : an otaku guide to Neo Tokio
One Piece : Pirate warriors : PlayStation 3
Robotech : Macross saga. Episodes 21-24
Anime studioTM 6 : the official guide
Robotech : Macross saga. Episodes 33-36
Tales of Xillia : PlayStation 3
Anime from Akira to Princess Mononoke : experiencing contemporary Japanese animation
Cairo Conference on Japanese Studies : international symposium
The animatrix
The Moé manifesto : an insider's look at the worlds of manga, anime, and gaming
A study of Japanese animation as translation : a descriptive analysis of Hayao Miyazaki and other anime dubbed into English
How to draw anime and game characters. Vol. 1, Basics for beginners and beyond
This new study of Hayao Miyazaki considers all of his films and TV shows (and his manga work). It also includes chapters on Studio Ghibli on fellow director Isao Takahata Miyazaki's influences his contemporaries and colleagues his characters his movies' relation to Western animation (including Disney) his unmade films and his themes and motifs. The Cinema of Hayao Miyazaki also explores Japanese animation, its production and style, some classics of anime, and digital animation. Includes quotes by Miyazaki; fans on Miyazaki; and resources.
Japanese anime and women's gender-role changing
Ghost in the shell : stand alone complex. Vol. 02.
500 essential anime movies : the ultimate guide
Anime : a history
Manga impact! : the world of Japanese animation
Mastering the art of manga : learn to draw manga step by step with over 1000 illustrations
Persona 4 : arena : PlayStation 3
Genshiken. 1, Anime obsession
How to draw manga. Vol. 4, Mastering Bishoujo characters
AniMate : anime in Japanese and Korean Contemporary Art : [Fukuoka Asian Art Museum, 3.2. - 29.3.2005 : Sungkok Art Museum, Seoul, 8.9. - 30.10.2005] / [editor: Hiromi Kitazawa]
JaPan PoP : 10 nykytaiteilijaa : Olbrichtin kokoelma : Taidemuseo Tennispalatsi, 9.9. - 27.11.2005 = 10 samtidskonstnärer : samling Olbricht : Konstmuseet Tennispalatset 9.9. - 27.11.2005 = 1= contemporary artists : Olbricht collection : Art Museum Tennis / [luettelon toimitus = katalogredaktion = editorial work Sointu Fritze, Claire Gould ; artikkeli = artikel = article Margrit Brehm]
Genshiken. 5, The Doujinshi code
OVA : open versatile anime role-playing game
The supernatural revamped : from timeworn legends to twenty-first-century chic
Neon genesis evangelion. Collection 0:5, Inner Sanctums
Finnish fandom of Japanese popular culture : what are the Finns doing for anime, manga, and J-rock?
Asian Gothic : essays on literature, film and anime
Anime and memory : aesthetic, cultural and thematic perspectives
Ghost in the shell
The contemporary image of hikikomori and otaku phenomena in mass media
Anime Studio : the official guide
Gungrave : the complete series
Naruto Shippuden : ultimate ninja storm revolution : PlayStation 3
The book of yokai : mysterious creatures of Japanese folklore
Dragon ball Z : budokai HD collection : PlayStation 3
Genshiken. 6, Where the boys are
The Osamu Tezuka story : a life in manga and anime
