http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21469 social semiotics
social semiotics
The language of colour : an introduction
Discourse, of course : an overview of research in discourse studies
The portable Kristeva
Origins of semiosis : sign evolution in nature and culture
Making new media : creative production and digital literacies
The collected works of Ruqaiya Hasan. Volume 1, Language, society and consciousness
The articles in this volume investigate everyday textual material of sociolinguistic landscapes in the early 21st century. Sociolinguistic landscapes reflect societal change, and they enable observers to map what linguistic resources are used in various contexts and to study how these resources interact and are interpreted. The articles present not only quantitative results of the presence of languages in signs but also look into how authors and designers make use of an endless pool of linguistic resources, how visible semiotic items contribute to create a sense of space, what types of mental processes are involved in the production, and how various audiences (residents, occasional passers-by, and language regulators) interpret and construct signs and sociolinguistic landscapes to form their own understanding of semiotic space.
Reading images
The language of tourism : a sociolinguistic perspective
Critical discourse analysis : the critical study of language
This title looks at the important role translation studies plays in exploring how words, sounds and images are translated and reinterpreted in new socio-cultural contexts. This volume presents fresh approaches to the role that translation - in its many forms - plays in enabling and mediating global cultural exchange. As modes of communication and textual production continue to evolve, the field of translation studies has an increasingly important role in exploring the ways in which words, sounds and images are translated and reinterpreted in new socio-cultural contexts. The book includes an innovative mix of literary, cultural and intersemiotic perspectives and represents a wide range of languages and cultures. The contributions are all linked by a shared focus on the place of translation in the contemporary world, and the ways in which translation, and the discipline of translation studies, can shed light on questions of inter- and hypertextuality, multimodality and new media in contemporary cultural production. Published in association with the International Association for Translation and Intercultural Studies (IATIS), "Continuum Studies in Translation" aims to present a series of books focused around central issues in translation and interpreting. Using case studies drawn from a wide range of different countries and languages, each book presents a comprehensive examination of current areas of research within translation studies written by academics at the forefront of the field. The thought-provoking books in this series are aimed at advanced students and researchers of translation studies.
Swing to bop - hep to hip : a study in jazz parlance
The world told and the world shown : multisemiotic issues
Reading images : the grammar of visual design
Cultural semiotics, Spenser, and the captive woman
"How do people organize their body movement and talk when they interact with one another in the material world? How do they coordinate linguistic structures with bodily resources (such as gaze and gesture) to bring about coherent and intelligible courses of action? How are physical settings, artifacts, technologies, and non-linguistic sign-systems implicated in social interaction and shared cognition? This volume brings together advanced work by leading international scholars who share video-based research methods that integrate semiotic, linguistic, sociological, anthropological, and cognitive science perspectives with detailed, microanalytic observations. Collectively they provide a coherent framework for analyzing the production of meaning and the organization of social interaction in the complex and heterogeneous settings that are characteristic of modern life: ranging from ordinary and bilingual conversation to family interaction, and from daycare centers to work settings such as airplanes, clinics, and architects' offices, and to activities such as auctions and musical performances. Several chapters investigate how participants with communicative impairments (aphasia, blindness, deafness) creatively build meaning with others. Embodied Interaction is indispensable for anyone interested in the study of language and social interaction. This volume will be a point of reference for future research on multimodality in human communication and action"
Signs of meaning in the universe
Language acquisition and language socialization : ecological perspectives
Introducing social semiotics
Political culture in transition : a case study of young people confronting civic education in the net and beyond
Self-promotion as semiotic behavior : the mediation of personhood in light of Finnish online dating advertisements
Sociocultural space : spatial modelling and the sociocultural world
On meaning : selected writings in semiotic theory
Cultural studies : theory and practice
Literacies, global and local
New media language
Mouton classics : from syntax to cognition, from phonology to text. Vol. 2.
Multimodal texts from around the world : cultural and linguistic insights
Dimensions of sociolinguistic landscapes in Europe : materials and methodological solutions
Realism discourse and deconstruction
Words, images and performances in translation
Popular imagination : essays on fantasy and cultural practice
The folklore text : from performance to print
Methods of text and discourse analysis
The study of language
The ecology and semiotics of language learning : a sociocultural perspective
The functions and meanings of English code-switching in Finnish print advertising
Approaching methodology
The Chomsky update : linguistics and politics
New discourse on language : functional perspectives on multimodality, identity, and affiliation
Approaches to animal communication
Multimodality : a social semiotic approach to contemporary communication
Can I help you? : a systemic-functional exploration of service encounter interaction
Photojournalism : a social semiotic approach
This second edition of the landmark textbook "Reading Images" builds on its reputation as the first systematic and comprehensive account of the grammar of visual design. Drawing on an enormous range of examples from children's drawings to textbook illustrations, photo-journalism to fine art, as well as three-dimensional forms such as sculpture and toys, the authors examine the ways in which images communicate meaning. Features of this fully updated second edition include: -new material on moving images and on colour -a discussion of how images and their uses have changed through time -websites and web-based images -ideas on the future of visual communication. "Reading Images" focuses on the structures or 'grammar' of visual design - colour, perspective, framing and composition - provides the reader with an invaluable 'tool-kit' for reading images and makes it a must for anyone interested in communication, the media and the arts.
Language and representation : a socio-naturalistic approach to human development
Language as social semiotic : the social interpretation of language and meaning
Embodied interaction : language and body in the material world
Summary.
A multi-modal representation of leisure : the semiotics of a company introduction
Mouton classics : from syntax to cognition, from phonology to text. Vol. 1.
Language, context, and text : aspects of language in a social-semiotic perspective
The Routledge handbook of multimodal analysis
Representing reality : discourse, rhetoric and social construction
Investigating English in Europe : contexts and agendas
This book is an invaluable resource for anyone interested in researching or just learning more about the changing role and status of English across Europe. The status of English today is explained in its historical context before the author presents some of the key debates and ideas relating to the challenge English poses for learners, teachers, and language policy makers. The Nordic countries provide a focused case study.
The structure of social interaction : a systemic approach to the semiotics of service encounters
Semiotic landscapes : language, image, space
Way better than the original!! Music video covers and language revitalisation : A sociosemiotic view
