http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21416 fairy-tale creatures
fairy-tale creatures
The monster of Shiversands Cove
Hilda and the black hound
The magic fox
Alexander Price has survived gorgons, basilisks, and his own family--no small feat, considering that his family includes two telepaths, a reanimated corpse, and a colony of talking, pantheistic mice. Still, he's starting to feel like he's got the hang of things...at least until his girlfriend, Shelby Tanner, shows up asking pointed questions about werewolves and the state of his passport. From there, it's just a hop, skip, and a jump to Australia, a continent filled with new challenges, new dangers, and yes, rival cryptozoologists who don't like their "visiting expert" very much.
Fables. [Vol. 19] : Snow White
Kind Beauty grows to love the Beast at whose castle she is compelled to stay and through her love releases him from the spell which had turned him from a handsome prince into an ugly beast.
The great expanding guinea pig ; Beware of the snowblobs!
500 manga villains and heroes
The ultimate fairies handbook
Operation Bunny : the first case
Anyone but Ivy pocket
Half-off ragnarok : an InCryptid novel
Goldilicious
Beauty : a retelling of the story of Beauty & the beast
Fables. [Vol. 16] : Super team
Fables. Vol. 1 : legends in exile
Knitted fairy tales : recreate the famous stories with knitted toys
Fairest. [Volume 1] : Wide awake
Beauty
Mr Gum and the goblins
Fables. Vol. 13 : The great Fables crossover
What's for dinner, Mr Gum!
How the Grinch stole Christmas!
Grimm fairy tales presents Neverland
The magic folk collection
After thirteen-year-old Conner returns to the Land of Stories and reunites with his twin sister, Alex, who is training to become the next Fairy Godmother, war breaks out in the fairy-tale world / Library of Congress.
Fables : the deluxe edition. Book one
Against the will of their grandmother, twins Alex and Conner must find their own way into the Land of Stories to rescue their mother and save the fairy tale world from the greatest threat it has ever faced--the return of the Enchantress who cursed Sleeping Beauty / Library of Congress.
DragonArt evolution : how to draw everything dragon
Fables. [Vol. 17] : Inherit the wind
An author's odyssey
The fairytale hairdresser and Beauty and the Beast
The little grey men
Angelina's diary : a party for the princess
Encyclopedia Mythologica : fairies and magical creatures
Childrens book of mythical beasts and magical monsters
Fables. [9], Sons of empire
Fables. [Vol. 18] : Cubs In Toyland
The rollercoaster case : the third case
Fairy tale knits : 32 projects to knit happily ever after
Fables : the deluxe edition. Book two
Fables. [1], Legends in exile
Fairest. [Volume 2] : The hidden kingdom
Pocket apocalypse : an Incryptid novel
The last ever after
The neverending story
Mr Gum and the biscuit billionaire
British fairy origins
Fables. [Vol. 21] : Happily ever after
After Alice
Mr Gum in "the hound of Lamonic Bibber"
Fairest. [Volume 4] : Of men and mice
The matchbox mysteries : the Fairy Detective Agency
Three pickled herrings : the second case
A Grimm warning
The enchantress returns
Tollins : explosive tales for children
The hunger of the seven squat bears
Fairy tales in cross stitch
Drawing faeries : a believer's guide
The rain dragon rescue
Mr Gum and the Power Crystals
There's been a robbery in Tale Town! Someone has stolen a cutting from the magical Story Tree, and it's up to twins Hansel and Gretel to get it back. With the help of their new friend Wolfie, a not very big or very bad wolf, they discover a secret fortress in the forest, containing a Magic Looking Glass that promises to help them. But things are not always what they seem, especially when the Magic Looking Glass starts causing trouble! Can Wolfie and the twins find the Story Tree cutting and save the day, or will the Magic Looking Glass have the last laugh? A brilliant new highly illustrated series featuring all the fairy-tale characters you know and love having brand-new adventures!
Ondine
Ahmed and the Feather Girl
Fairest. [Volume 3] : The return of the maharaja
The fairytale hairdresser and the little mermaid
Pocket apocalypse
Harry Potter : the creature vault
The magic looking glass
How to draw and paint fairies / from finding inspiration to capturing diaphanous detail
Super happy magic forest. Slug of doom
Erica Wilson's Children's world
Fairest : in all the land
Chaos choreography : an InCryptid novel
Fairy world
How the Grinch stole Christmas
Discount Armageddon : an InCryptid novel
Thumbelina
Fairy tale knits : 20 enchanting characters to make
Operation Bunny : the Fairy Detective Agency's first case
Fables. Vol. 3 : storybook love
European fairy tales
Through the mysterious powers of a cherished book of stories, twins Alex and Conner leave their world behind and find themselves in a foreign land full of wonder and magic where they come face-to-face with the fairy tale characters they grew up reading about / Library of Congress.
The secret of the blue glass
Mr Gum and the secret hideout
Stomp!
Calamity Jack
Mr Gum and the dancing bear
Fables. The deluxe edition : Book thirteen
Fables. [Vol. 22], No 150 : Farewell
Midnight blue-light special : an InCryptid novel
For Rapunzel, being a princess has been nothing but fun. But everything goes wrong when she breaks a magical urn and blames it on her new friend, Ella. It turns out that the urn was home to a very cross (and now very homeless) hermit genie, who casts a spell making everyone blame Rapunzel for everything that goes wrong in Tale Town! With the help of her friends and a mysterious green monkey called Alphege, can Rapunzel 'undo what she has done' and lift the curse? A brilliant new highly illustrated series featuring all the fairy-tale characters you know and love having brand-new adventures!. Ages 7+
The wishing spell
Fables. [Vol. 14] : Witches
Fables. Vol. 11 : War and pieces
Ahmed and the feather girl
The big book of fairies
Fables. [14], Witches
The secret world of fairies
Everything old is new again as Sophie and Agatha fight the past as well as the present to find the perfect end to their fairy tale. Once best friends, now enemies, Sophie and Agatha thought their ending was sealed when they went their separate ways. Agatha was whisked back to Gavaldon with Tedros, and Sophie stayed behind with the beautiful young School Master. But as they settle into their new lives, their story begs to be rewritten, and this time, theirs isn't the only one. With the girls apart, Evil has taken over and the villains of the past have come back with a vengeance. Not only do they want a second chance at their fairy tales, but they mean to transform the old world of Good and Evil into a new dark realm with Sophie as its Queen. Only Agatha and Tedros stand in the way of Evil's deadly reign -- and the Last Ever After of all / Library of Congress.
Once upon a time machine
Fables. [Vol. 10] : The good prince
Fables. [8], Wolves
Once upon a time. The complete fifth season
Fairy Quest. Vol. 1 : Outlaws
How to blow up tollins
Marc Davis : Walt Disney's renaissance man
Half-off Ragnarok : an InCryptid Novel
Dracopedia : the bestiary : an artist's guide to creating mythical creatures
Fables. [10], The good prince
The genie's curse
Nighty night, little green monster
Fairest. [volume 5] : The clamour for glamour
Don't cook Cinderella
In order to end the Masked Man's literary army, the twins and their friends must enter Conner's short stories, where they find allies in unexpected places but whom they need to end the Masked Man's reign of terror.
Life after theft
In Fairyland
Fables. Vol. 12 : The dark ages
