http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21426 energy forests
energy forests
Plant biotechnology for sustainable production of energy and co-products
Towards bioeconomy : a three-phase Delphi study on forest biorefinery diffusion in Scandinavia and North America
Developing the coppicing potential of selected hardwoods in biomass energy production
Short-rotation downy birch for energy on cutaway peatlands: cultivation, harvesting and financial performance
Key to the Finnish forest industry
Proceedings of the joint IEA/Forestry Energy Programme and FAO/Cooperative Network on Rural Energy Forest Energy Conference and Workshops on: Research in Forestry for Energy Rungstedgaard, Denmark Oct 28-30,1985. Vol. I-II
Willow growth as a function of climate, water and nitrogen
The volume and composition of dead wood on traditional and forest fuel harvested clear-cuts
Glossary of terms relating to timber and woodwork
Energy forests with Salix as a carbon dioxide sink
Productivity and profitability of harvesting power line corridors for bioenergy
Effects of forest management on sustainability of integrated timber and energy wood production : scenario analysis based on ecosystem model simulations
Impact of maximum opening area constraints on profitability and biomass availability in forestry - a large, real world case
Fibreboard and particle board : technical papers submitted to the International Consultation on Insulation Board, Hardboard and Particle Board, Geneva, 1957. Vol. 3.
Suomen tilastollinen vuosikirja 2005 = Statistisk årsbok för Finland 2005 = Statistical yearbook of Finland 2005.
Book of Proceedings Bioenergy from Forest 2016.
Joensuu forestry networking week 2012 : green growth based on forests – New Wooden Products and Construction : Final Report
Biotechnology and renewable energy
Energy wood thinning as a part of the stand management of Scots pine and Norway spruce
Forces required to vertically uproot tree stumps
Rural energy and afforestation : case studies from Ethiopia
Forest products : the harvesting, processing, and marketing of materials other than lumber, including the principal derivatives, extractives and incidental products in the United States and Canada
Short rotation forestry for energy single stem plantations : contractor report
Social climate of forest bioenergy development in China among forestry stakeholders
Biomass energy : from harvesting to storage
Development of an eco- and material-efficient pellet production chain—a chemical study
Modelling of energy forestry : growth, water relations and economics
Silvicultural decisions based on simulation-optimization systems
Coppicing, aboveground woody biomass production and nutritional aspects of birch with specific reference to Betula pubescens
Comparison of approaches to integrate energy wood estimation into the Finnish compartment inventory system
Finland's National Forest Programme 2010 : follow-up report 2005-2006
Cost Structure and Profitability Analysis of the John Deere 1490D Slash Bundler in Northern Spain
Ectomycorrhizal inoculation of willows (Salix spp.) on cut-over boreal peatland
Fibreboard and particle board : technical papers submitted to the International Consultation on Insulation Board, Hardboard and Particle Board, Geneva, 1957. Vol. 5.
Fibreboard and particle board : technical papers submitted to the International Consultation on Insulation Board, Hardboard and Particle Board, Geneva, 1957. Vol. 4.
Renewable energy and climate policies : studies in the forest and energy sector
Biomass production by fast-growing trees
1981 energy bibliography
Operational efficiency of forest energy supply chains in different operational environments
Forestry, forest biomass, and biomass conservion : the IEA Bioenergy Agreement (1986-1989) summary reports
Evaluation of energy forestry research in Sweden
Dry fine grinding of Norway spruce (<em>Picea abies</em>) wood in impact-based fine grinding mills
Bioenergy knowledge, perceptions, and attitudes among young citizens : from cross-national surveys to conceptual model
Short-term responses of decomposers and vegetation to stump removal
Host specificity and genetic differentiation of Melampsora epitea (rust on willows)
Book of proceedings bioenergy from forest 2012 conference
Economic potential of intensively cultivated energy forests in Sweden
Growth and nutrition of willow clones
Sawing and planing
Logging residues (LR), i.e. tops, branches, and needles, are increasingly being harvested for energy production in Fennoscandia. These residues are temporarily piled on site awaiting transport. This study was undertaken to investigate effects on the soil and soil-water chemistry below different amounts of LR at two recently harvested coniferous sites in Sweden. Seven treatments were included and the studied amounts of LR ranged from no LR left on the ground to four times the estimated LR amount of the harvested stands. Two treatments included eight times the estimated LR amount of the harvested stands but here the LR were removed after 7 or 20 weeks. Soil-water samples were collected during the first six or seven growing seasons. Effects of treatment were detected in the soil water for 11 chemical variables at the northern site, and for the NO3- and Cl- concentrations at the southern site. The strongest response was generally found in the treatment with four times the estimated LR amount, for which the highest concentrations were recorded in most cases. In the first three seasons, the water flux through the LR decreased with an increasing amount of residue. Effects on the exchangeable store of Ca2+ in the mor layer and the upper 20 cm of the mineral soil was detected at both sites. At the northern site, the weight of the remaining LR, ground vegetation and all other material above the mor layer in the treatments with two and four times the estimated LR amount was roughly twice the corresponding weights at the southern site seven years after treatment. Although strong effects on the soil-solution chemistry were detected at one of the study sites, in the treatments corresponding to two and four times the estimated logging residue amount, the effect on the leaching from an entire regeneration area is likely to be relatively small given the percentage of the area hosting these logging residue amounts (ca. 20% after stem-only harvesting and 9% after fuel-adapted felling).
Conditions and prospects for increasing forest yield in northern Europe
Potential of forest biomass production and utilization for mitigation of climate change in boreal conditions
Process redesign in development of forest biomass supply for energy
Forest products annual market review 2005-2006
The handbook of biomass combustion and co-firing
A preliminary screening of woody plants as biomass crops on energy farms : final report
On value creation at an industrial intersection : bioenergy in the forest and energy sectors
The nature areas surrounding the capital of Norway (Oslomarka), comprising 1 700 km2 of forest land, are the recreational home turf for a population of 1.2 mill. people. These areas are highly valuable, not only for recreational purposes and biodiversity, but also for commercial activities. To assess the impacts of the challenges that Oslo municipality forest face in their management, we developed four optimization problems with different levels of management constraints. The constraints consider control of harvest level, guarantee of minimum old-growth forest area and maximum open area after final harvest. For the latter, to date, no appropriate analyses quantifying the impact of such a constraint on economy and biomass production have been carried out in Norway. The problem solved is large due to both the number of stands and number of treatment schedules. However, the model applied demonstrated its relevance for solving large problems involving maximum opening areas. The inclusion of maximum open area constraints caused 7.0% loss in NPV compared to the business as usual case with controlled harvest volume and minimum old-growth area. The estimated supply of 20-30 GWh annual energy from harvest residues could provide a small, but stable supply of energy to the municipality..
Solid wood-based fuels in energy production in Finland
Fibreboard and particle board : technical papers submitted to the International Consultation on Insulation Board, Hardboard and Particle Board, Geneva, 1957. Vol. 1.
Bioenergy in national newspapers in Finland and Sweden
Influence of litter quality and fertilization on microbial ntrogen transformations in short-rotation forests
This unique book provides the first comprehensive overview of wood based bioenergy in the northern hardwood forests of the Eastern United States. This includes a holistic look at the topic of wood based bioenergy, as well as focused analyses of key topics.
Carbon stocks, greenhouse gas emissions and water balance of Sudanese savannah woodlands in relation to climate change
Woodwork joints : kinds of joints how they are cut and where used
Summary.
Fibreboard and particle board : technical papers submitted to the International Consultation on Insulation Board, Hardboard and Particle Board, Geneva, 1957. Vol. 6.
Soil and soil-water chemistry below different amounts of logging residues at two harvested forest sites in Sweden
Energy from forest biomass
The developing forest energy project
Establishment of fuelwood plantations in Ethiopia
The fuelwood trap : a study of the SADCC region
Recycling of wood- and peat-ash : a successful way to establish full plant cover and dense birch stand on a cut-away peatland
Estimation of potential production of energy wood in the Leningrad region of Russia
Comparison of a whole tree bundler and a harwarder in small diameter energy wood procurement
Selection of Salix myrsinifolia clones for biomass forestry in Finland
Challenges and opportunities for business advantage in Finnish pellet industries : results on literature review and retailer survey
Wood-based energy in the northern forests
Book of Proceedings Bioenergy from Forest 2014.
EVALUATION OF MARKET POTENTIAL OF BRAZIL FOR FOREST MACHINERY COMPANIES: CASE KESLA
Assessing impacts of intensified biomass removal and biodiversity protection on European forests
Stochastic simulation and optimization of mobile chipping economics in processing and transport of forest biomass from residues
Forests in trouble : a review of the status of temperate forests worldwide
Retention forestry and intensified biomass harvest : epiphytic lichen assemblages under opposing ecological effects in pine-dominated boreal forests
Development of an eco- and material-efficient pellet production chain : a chemical study
Effects of forest management and climate change on energy biomass and timber production with implications for carbon stocks and net CO2 exchange in boreal forest ecosystems
Encountering the changing Barents : research challenges and opportunities
Fibreboard and particle board : technical papers submitted to the International Consultation on Insulation Board, Hardboard and Particle Board, Geneva, 1957. Vol. 2.
Effect of fertilizer application rate on nutrient status and biomass production in short-rotation plantations of willows on cut-away peatland areas
Moisture content, weight loss and potential of energy wood in South and Central Ostrobothnia regions in western Finland
An energetic model linking forest industry and ecosystems
Vegetation and flora of short-rotation willow stands from a conservation viewpoint
Atlas of the forest sector in Poland
Height increment of hybrid aspen Populus tremuloides × P. tremula as a function of weather conditions in south-western part of Latvia
Identification and quantification of indirect land and resource use changes : challenges caused by expanding liquid biofuel production
Wood harvesting and logistics in Russia : focus on research and business opportunities : final report of the research project
Forest Bioenergy 2010, 31.8.-4.9.2010 : book of proceedings
Boreal forest and climate change
The ”Sustainable forest energy” project
Wood biomass production potential on agricultural lands in Northern Europe : achieving the goals of energy policy
Fuel switching, energy saving and carbon trading : three ways to control carbon dioxide emissions in the Finnish forest industry
Proceedings from willow breeding symposium Uppsala August 31 - Septermber 1, 1987.
Principles of woodcutting machinists' work
