http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2142 odes
odes
Royal and ceremonial odes
The Passions : an ode for music (Oxford, 1750)
Receiving the Komos : ancient & modern receptions of the victory ode
G. F. Handel major choral works
Ode for the birthday of Queen Anne
Sound the trumpet : royal music of Purcell & Handel
Henry Purcell
Hallische Händel-Ausgabe : Kritische Gesamtausgabe. 1/6, Serie 1, Oratorien und grosse Kantaten. Band 6, Ode for the birthday of Queen Anne
A lyric ode on the fairies, aerial beings and witches of Shakespeare "The Shakespeare ode", 1776
Apollo and the nine : a history of the ode
An ode for St Cecilia's Day
Dido and Aeneas
Poems of John Keats
Royal and Ceremonial Odes
Music in the odes of Horace
O solitude : songs and arias
The odes of Horace
Ode for the birthday of Queen Anne HWV 74
Hail! bright Cecilia
Fifteen songs and airs : set 2
Approaches to poetry
Horace's narrative odes
The complete odes and epodes
Alexander's feast or The power of music
Intimations of immortality : Op. 29.
A symposion of praise : Horace returns to lyric in Odes IV
Reading the victory ode
The ode and the odic : essays on Mandelstam, Pasternak, Tsvetaeva and Mayakovsky
Performances and audiences in Pindar's Sicilian victory odes
[Complete odes and welcome songs]. [Vol. 2]
I sowed fruits into hearts (Odes Sol. 17:13) : festschrift for Professor Michael Lattke
Ode for the Birthday of Queen Anne ; Anthem for the Foundling Hospital
The ode
Known until the 18th century from fragmentary quotations and references in patristic literature, more recent discoveries of Greek, Coptic, and Syriac manuscripts have drawn fresh interest and attention to the Odes of Solomon, a collection of Christian poetry from the second century rich in imagery and exhibiting an exotic spirituality. Renowned expert on the Odes, Michael Lattke, provides a meticulous translation and discussion of the textual transmission of the Odes, along with judicious commentary on the place of the Odes in the development of Gnosticism, Logos theory, and Christian worship.
Graceful errors : Pindar and the performance of praise
Poetic interplay : Catullus and Horace
O solitude : songs and arias by Henry Purcell
Complete Odes and Welcome Songs. Volume 4
Alexander's feast
Odes for Queen Mary
Twentieth century interpretations of Keats's odes : a collection of critical essays
Odes of Solomon : a commentary
The influence of Callimachean aesthetics on the satires and odes of Horace
Songs of welcome and farewell
A song for Saint Cecilia's day
The Complete odes & welcome songs
Ode on St. Cecilia's day 1692
"The title of this wide-ranging collection of essays in German and English summarises the scholarly work of Professor Michael Lattke across two hemispheres. Offered to him on the occasion of his retirement from the University of Queensland, this volume reflects the breadth of erudition for which he has acquired his international reputation. The Odes of Solomon, which figure largely in Professor Lattke's research, are well represented here, and so too is the Gospel of John, which was the subject of his early research. However, the tributes of his colleagues and former students in this book range further to other New Testament writings, Intertestamental works, Nag Hammadi, Gnostic, and Syriac studies, and the field of Patristics." -- Provided by publisher.
