http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21452 hypertension
hypertension
Glycemic control in a diabetic pregnancies : effects on fetal and maternal outcome
Function of cardiovascular cells in processes related to hypertension and atherosclerosis : effect of nitric oxide and low density lipoprotein
The hypertension handbook
Masked hypertension in Finland : an independent cardiovascular risk factor?
Hypertension mechanisms
Mild hypertension : natural history and management : proceedings of the Joint WHO/ISH meeting in Susono, Japan
Mechanisms of hypertension : proceedings... held in Los Angeles, 7-9 March, 1973
Calcium metabolism and vascular tone in experimental hypertension and renal failure
Role of ambulatory blood pressure monitoring after pediatric renal transplantation
Hypertension control : report of a WHO Expert Committee
Chronic chlamydial infection: impact on human reproductive health:reproductive health research in the Northern Finland 1966 Birth Cohort (NFBC 1966)
The influence of medication on the incidence, outcome, and recurrence of primary intracerebral hemorrhage
On the Genetics of Intracranial Aneurysms and on Growth Factor Induced Angiogenesis in the Murine Brain
Metabolic and genetic abnormalities clustering with intra-abdominal obesity
Handbook of hypertension. Vol. 14, Blood pressure measurement
Hypertension : epidemiological studies of prevalence, prevention, treatment and prognosis in men and women
Risk-factor control in treated hypertensive patients : epidemiological, gender-related, and quality-control aspects
This concise guide to the often overlooked association between erectile dysfunction and hypertension/cardiovascular disease covers a wide range of aspects of importance to the clinician. It examines the impact of antihypertensive drug therapy on erectile function and explains how the management of erectile dysfunction in hypertensive patients depends on a variety of factors. Different treatment approaches are described, including lifestyle modification, PDE-5 inhibitors and other novel agents, and behavioral therapy, and helpful therapeutic algorithms are presented. A further focus of the book is the potential role of erectile dysfunction as an early diagnostic indicator of asymptomatic coronary artery disease and a prognostic marker for cardiovascular events. In addition, key background information is supplied on epidemiology and pathophysiology, and the significance of erectile dysfunction in different patient groups, such as the elderly and those with chronic kidney disease, is examined. Erectile dysfunction is a major public health problem affecting more than ten percent of the general male population and is now considered to be predominantly of vascular origin. This book will be informative and of practical value for all practitioners responsible for caring for the very many patients who experience erectile dysfunction in the setting of hypertension and cardiovascular disease.
Application of computational fluid dynamics in modelling blood flow in human thoracic aorta
Association between mid-life physical activity and hypertension in older women : a 25 year follow-up
Effects of exercise on hypertension : from cells to physiological systems
Detecting pre-eclampsia : a practical guide, using and maintaining blood pressure equipment
The captopril prevention project (CAPPP) in hypertension-baseline data and current status : [Clinical trials]
Journal of human hypertension
Hypertension : pathophysiological aspects haemodynamics treatment with prazosin hydrochloride : proceedings of a symposium held in Rotterdam, 26th November, 1976
Genetic polymorphisms and laboratory variables as predictors of blood pressure response to antihypertensive drugs
Midlife physical acyivity and old age orthostatic hypotension
Physical activity, cardiovascular risk factors and mortality
Classics in arterial hypertension
Renal denervation : a new approach to treatment of resistant hypertension
Pulmonary vascular physiology and pathophysiology
A growing number of people suffer from so-called resistant hypertension, that is to say, high blood pressure that does not respond to treatment. This disorder is of great current interest and importance for public health, being a common clinical problem faced by both primary care clinicians and specialists. Furthermore, as older age and obesity are among the strongest risk factors for uncontrolled hypertension, the incidence of resistant hypertension will likely increase as the population becomes more elderly and heavier. While the prognosis of resistant hypertension is unknown, cardiovascular risk is undoubtedly increased since patients often have a history of long-standing, severe hypertension complicated by multiple other cardiovascular risk factors. This volume, compiled by a panel of world-renowned experts, offers a comprehensive exploration of resistant hypertension, covering epidemiology, complex diagnostic aspects, and the therapeutic options currently available, with due attention to overall treatment strategies. New therapeutic agents and procedures, such as renal denervation and baroreceptor stimulation, are also described. In addition, the book addresses the economic aspects of resistant hypertension and the role of the different professional figures, from GPs to hypertension specialists, in dealing with it.
Physical activity, inherited characteristics, and hypertension
The Heart in hypertension : proceedings of Joint Scientific Meeting of the Danish Societies of Cardiology and Hypertension, Herlev County Hospital, Copenhagen, November 4th, 1988
Hypertension
Handbook of hypertension. Vol. 8, Pathophysiology of hypertension : regulatory mechanisms
Kaplan's clinical hypertension
Erectile dysfunction in hypertension and cardiovascular disease : a guide for clinicians
Nursing interventions for improving the management of hypertension in adults
Assessment of preclinical organ damage in hypertension
Involvement of a genetic variation in the human [alpha] [sub 2B]-adrenoceptor in acute coronary events and hypertension
The field of pediatric hypertension has undergone important changes in the time since the second edition of Pediatric Hypertension published. Much new information on hypertension in the young has become available. Previous chapters have been fully revised and new chapters have been added to cover important topics of recent interest such as consensus recommendations, the prevalence of hypertension in the young due to the obesity epidemic, studies of antihypertensive agents, and ambulatory blood pressure monitoring. Pediatric Hypertension, Third Edition is a comprehensive volume featuring 38 chapters covering the breadth of the current knowledge. It is divided into four sections: Regulation of Blood Pressure in Children; Assessment of Blood Pressure in Children: Measurement, Normative Data, Epidemiology; and Hypertension in Children: Predictors, Risk Factors, and Special Populations; Evaluation and Management of Pediatric Hypertension. Filled with the most up-to-date information, Pediatric Hypertension, Third Edition is an invaluable resource for clinicians and researchers interested in childhood hypertension.
Treatment of pulmonary hypertension
Arterial hypertension : proceedings of the Second International Symposium on Arterial Hypertension, Caracas, August 29-September 1, 1979
Hypertension : mechanisms and management
Hypertensive disease : current challenges, new concepts, and management
Swedish moist snuff and the risk of cardiovascular diseases
High blood pressure management : report on a WHO training seminar, Barcelona, Spain 24-26 October 1996.
UpToDate in nephrology and hypertension, endocrinology and diabetes, cardiovascular medicine, pulmonary disease and critical care, rheumatology. Vol. 5, No. 3.
Slide atlas of ophthalmology. 5, Allergic eye diseases : episceritis and scleritis
Textbook of hypertension
This book provides an overview of pulmonary hypertensive diseases, the current understanding of their pathobiology, and a contemporary approach to diagnosis and treatment. It discusses the definition and classification of these disorders and the epidemiology of pulmonary arterial hypertension (PAH); explores the approach to diagnosis and evaluation via methods such as echocardiography, right heart catheterization, and cardiopulmonary exercise testing; describes the major drug classes used to treat PAH and the cell signaling pathways that they target as well as adjunct and investigative therapies; and highlights special situations that are particularly challenging in the management of PAH. Written by experts in their respective fields, Diagnosis and Management of Pulmonary Hypertension is a valuable resource for pulmonologists, cardiologists, and practitioners in internal medicine and critical care. .
This atlas systematically reviews sensory conduction studies of the median nerve, from pilot human studies in peripheral nerve conduction during the 1950s through to the most recent scientific evidence. Descriptions are provided of a wealth of sensory nerve conduction techniques that were reproduced in the laboratory, including both the originally proposed methods and variants. The methods are organized according to practical criteria for ease of reference. Attention is focused especially on those techniques which have shown higher sensitivity and specificity in the diagnosis of compressive mo.
Compliance and patient-perceived problems in the treatment of hypertension
Long-term nopharmacological treatment for mild to moderate hypertension
Modeling the roles of collagen XIII in cardiac integrity and function, and in cutaneous wound healing
Integrated management of cardiovascular risk
The median nerve : sensory conduction studies
This text explores the state-of-the-art effects of exercise on blood pressure among adults with hypertension in addition to many of the possible mechanisms underlying essential hypertension in humans. The book contains chapters by distinguished experts on the effects of exercise on physiological systems known to be involved in hypertension development and maintenance as well as less well known aspects of hypertension such as exercise effects on the 24-hour ambulatory blood pressure profile, and inflammation and oxidative stress as they relate to hypertension. An emerging area, the effects of resistance exercise training on blood pressure is also covered. A unique aspect of the book is that it covers the effects of exercise mimetics on vascular cell adaptations in order to begin to elucidate some of the cellular mechanisms that may underlie blood pressure reductions with exercise training. The text also contains a chapter on the interactive effects of genes and exercise on blood pressure. Effects of Exercise on Hypertension: From Cells to Physiological Systems will be of great value to professional individuals in cardiovascular medicine, the cardiovascular sciences, allied health care professionals, and medical and graduate students in the cardiovascular sciences and medicine.
Exercise stress test in stroke risk prediction
The treatment of hypertension has become the most important intervention in the management of all forms of chronic kidney disease. Chronic Kidney Disease and Hypertension is a current, concise, and practical guide to the identification, treatment and management of hypertension in patients with chronic kidney disease. In depth chapters discuss many relevant clinical questions and the future of treatment through medications and or novel new devices. Written by expert authors, Chronic Kidney Disease and Hypertension provides an up-to-date perspective on management and treatment and how it may re-shape practice approaches tomorrow.
Hypertension : pathophysiology, diagnosis, and management
This book presents up-to-date information on how to assess early preclinical alterations in the heart, the small and large arteries and the kidney in the general and the hypertensive population, using the most sensitive, specific and cost-effective techniques. A wide variety of techniques are discussed, with careful attention to the latest developments. For each organ, evidence is documented regarding the prevalence of organ damage. Information is provided on the potential induction of regression of organ damage by treatment, the criteria for establishing significant changes and the clinical prognostic significance of regression. The manual will be invaluable for all practitioners responsible for the clinical management of hypertensive patients, given that the assessment of early preclinical cardiovascular and renal damage permits more accurate risk stratification at baseline and facilitates evaluation of cardiovascular protection when regression of structural changes is achieved during treatment.
Assessing hypertension control and management : hypertension management audit project : a WHO/WHL study
The usefulness of continuous hemodynamic monitoring to guide therapy in patients with cardiopulmonary disease
Role of physical exercise, fitness and aerobic training in type I diabetic and healthy men in relation to the lipid profile, lipid peroxidation and the metabolic syndrome
Psychosomatics in essential hypertension
Implementing an evidence-based hypertension guideline into Finnish primary care nursing
The renin angiotensin system is implicated in the progression of atherosclerotic disease as well as of left ventricular dysfunction. Angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitors and AT1 receptor antagonists have been proven to reduce morbidity and mortality in patients with left ventricular dysfunction or in those at high cardiovascular risk with preserved ventricular function. This book is intended to summarize evidences and provide a rationale for the appropriate use of RAS antagonists in cardiovascular diseases. It will be presented as highly practical information on this topic.
Long-term cardiovascular follow-up after preterm birth
Cancer incidence in hypertensive patients : a prospective study of cancer incidence in patients included in the hypertension register of the North Karelia Project
Pulmonary hypertension
Management of essential hypertension
Cardiovascular autonomic regulation in systemic hypertension
Physiological determinants and assessment of stress and recovery among media workers
Assessment of total cardiovascular risk in hypertensive subjects
Cyclosporine A-induced hypertension and nephrotoxicity in spontaneously hypertensive rats on high-sodium diet
Childhood determinants of later health
Early growth and adult disease : programming of coronary heart disease, Type 2 diabetes and hypertension by fetal and childhood growth
This volume discusses the many ways to prevent, identify and control hypertension in African Americans, a common and potent risk factor for virtually all forms of cardiovascular-renal diseases. Comprehensive chapters address modifiable risk factors, such as lifestyle changes, especially sodium restriction, and appropriate combination pharmacotherapy. Emerging devices and evidence-based approaches that may also enhance effective blood pressure control and decrease the disparate cardiovascular disease risks, including MI, stroke, HF, and cardiorenal metabolic syndrome and diabetes are also discussed in detail. Written by a wide-range of experts in the field, Hypertension in High Risk African Americans: Current Concepts, Evidence-based Therapeutics and Future Considerations is a valuable resource for clinicians, researchers, health administrators and public health policy leaders to better understand the best practices and unique aspects of risk assessment and treatment of hypertension and co-morbid conditions in African Americans.
Cellular and molecular mechanisms in hypertension
Pathophysiology and management of arterial hypertension : proceedings of a conference held in Copenhagen, Denmark, April 10-11, 1975
The prevalence of hypertension is almost three times as high as that of diabetes mellitus type 2, with both conditions being major risk factors for stroke, ischemic heart disease, cardiac arrhythmias, and heart failure. The exact prevalence of hypertension related to hormonal derangements (endocrine hypertension) is not known but estimated to affect less than 15% of hypertensive patients. Recent scientific discoveries have increased the understanding of the pathophysiologic mechanisms of hypertension. In Endocrine Hypertension, a renowned panel of experts provides a comprehensive, state-of-the-art overview of this disorder, discussing when to assign an endocrine cause in one of many conditions that may present with hypertension. The first part of Endocrine Hypertension is dedicated to adrenal causes. The second part of the volume concerns potential nonadrenal causes of hypertension, such as growth hormone excess or deficiency, primary hyperparathyroidism, vitamin D deficiency, testosterone deficiency, insulin resistance, obesity-associated hypertension, and the role of central mineralocorticoid receptors and cardiovascular disease. An important contribution to the literature, Endocrine Hypertension is an indispensable reference not only for endocrinologists, diabetologists, and adrenal investigators, but also for translational scientists and clinicians from cardiology, internal medicine, pediatrics, family medicine, geriatrics, urology, and reproductive medicine / gynecology.
Effects of a short-term resistance training protocol on risk factors for the metabolic syndrome in the elderly
Hypertension - lipids and atherosclerosis : proceedings of the 37th Scientific Meeting of the Danish Society of Hypertension, Herlev County Hospital, Copenhagen, 22nd September 1989
Physical activity, inherited characteristics and hypertension
Catecholamines and hypertension : symposium of the Danish Society of Hypertension, Copenhagen, Denmark, November 6, 1987
Vascular dysfunction in diet-induced hypertension and obesity in mice : role of endothelium, reactive oxygen species and periadventitial fat
Ghrelin, metabolic risk factors and carotid artery atherosclerosis
Factors affecting outcome after primary intracerebral hemorrhage
"Media work is a good example of working life in modern 24/7 society. Time pressure and cognitive strain due to overflow of media inputs enhance job strain. New technology requires constant learning and implementation of new working modalities. Employees might continue work-related activities at home and outside the workplace. This may lead to overcommitment and extension of the real working time. Irregular shift work is common. Sudden changes in information flow, technical problems and alterations in team resources may hinder recovery and increase stress. On the other hand high demands may increase the well-being, if the worker can use the skills and has good job control. Self-assessments of stress and well-being combined with physiological measurements help us also to identify work-related and personal factors that could explain good or poor recovery." -- (Back Cover)
Summary.
Handbook of hypertension. Vol. 9, Behavioral factors in hypertension
Primary pulmonary hypertension : report on a WHO meeting, Geneva, 1973
Metabolic and hormonal factors related to hypertensive pregnancy : special attention to insulin resistance, sympathetic over-activity, and hyperandrogenism
ACEi and ARBS in hypertension and heart failure
Effect of ASA on the risk of gestational hypertension or IUGR and prostanoid synthesis in pregnant women screened by Doppler ultrasound
Molecular Genetic Mechanisms of Pulmonary Arterial Hypertension
Endocrine hypertension : underlying mechanisms and therapy
Hypertension : a practitioner's guide to therapy
Hypertension manual : mechanisms, methods, management
The effect of blood glucose on the vasculature in young patients with type 1 diabetes
Risk factors and carotid atherosclerosis in hypertensive and control subjects
Prevention and management of hypertension : a study on knowledge and attitudes of women of childbearing age
Pulmonary arterial hypertension
Lifetime risk factors, lifestyle, and vascular health in adulthood
Clinical trials in hypertension
Antihypertensive drug therapy in Finland : utilization of antihypertensive medication, control of blood pressure, and achievable reduction of cardiovascular morbidity with intensified treatment
Adiponectin and low-grade inflammation in relation to preceding factors and the course of the metabolic syndrome : a gender-specific view
Eastern Finnish saccular intracranial aneurysm disease : role of type 2 diabetes and hypertension temporal pattern of incidence
Lifestyle Modification in Prevention of Hypertension : Patient Empowerment
Prevalence and incidence of hypertension in Finland: the Social insurance institution's study on Finnish population groups
Hypertension in high risk African Americans : current concepts, evidence-based therapeutics and future considerations
Pediatric hypertension
Handbook of hypertension. Vol. 1, Clinical aspects of essential hypertension
Handbook of hypertension. Vol. 7, Pathophysiology of hypertension : cardiovascular aspects
Handbook of hypertension. Vol. 12, Hypertension in the elderly
Hypertension : physiopathology and treatment
Ion transport and hypertension : proceedings of the Nineteenth Scientific Meeting of the Danish Society of Hypertension, Glostrup County Hospital, Copenhagen, April 26, 1985
Glycemic control in diabetic pregnancies : effects on fetal and maternal outcome
Diagnosis and management of pulmonary hypertension
The Early pathogenesis of primary hypertension : selected reviews presented at the International Symposium on Primary Hypertension..., Rotterdam, 9-10 Sept. 1986
Fetal programming and subsequent risks in adulthood : are the associations confounded by genetic and/or environmental factors?
Community control of hypertension : a study of trends in Finland with special emphasis on lifestyle modification
Optimal schedule for home blood pressure measurements and clinical significance of the variability in home-measured blood pressure and heart rate
The association between smoking and hypertension in Ukraine
Cardiovascular autonomic regulation in patients with sustained hypertension of different etiology and severity
Endocrine hypertension
Handbook of hypertension. Vol. 10, Hypertension in pregnancy
Hypertension in master endurance athletes
Hypertension related to health care : research priorities : report on a WHO consultation, Copenhagen, 2-4 October, 1979.
Clinical atlas of hypertension
Nonpharmacological treatment of hypertension : a controlled randomized study with special emphasis on sodium restriction
Chronic kidney disease and hypertension
Management of arterial hypertension : a practical guide for the physician and allied health workers
Clinical hypertension
Alcohol consumption, atherosclerosis and stroke : epidemiologic follow-up study in middle-aged Finnish men
Late results of Peet's operation for essential hypertension
This book offers highly practical information on pharmaceutical options in pulmonary hypertension and is designed to establish the baseline level of knowledge that a cardiovascular professional needs to know on a day-to-day basis. Treatment of Pulmonary Hypertension allows readers to learn quickly and with certainty the mode of action, the possible adverse effects, and the management of patients prescribed these drugs. The emphasis is on current practice, but with an eye to the near-future direction of treatment. Written in a quick-access, no-nonsense format and with an emphasis on a just-the-facts clinical approach, this book will be of value to trainees, recertifying physicians, practicing physicians and other professional staff in internal medicine, cardiology, emergency medicine, thrombosis, hematology, pathology, and clinical pharmacology.
Effectiveness of a multidisciplinary lifestyle intervention on hypertension, cardiovascular risk factors and musculoskeletal symptoms
Resistant hypertension : epidemiology, pathophysiology, diagnosis and treatment
The role of significant others in the management of a patient with hypertension
