http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21491 poultry dishes
poultry dishes
300 slow-cook classic recipes : a collection of delicious minimum-effort meals, including soups, stews, roasts, hotpots, casseroles, curries and tagines, shown in 300 photographs
Poultry cook book
Polly and the puffin
Meat smoking and smokehouse design
Diagnostics and epidemiology of Yersinia pseudotuberculosis
Resource division among birds in North Finnish coniferous forest in autumn
Meat and fish management
The poultry and game book
Chicken & other birds : from the perfect roast chicken to Asian-style duck breasts
Foraging dynamics of seabirds in the Eastern tropical pacific ocean
The ultimate birdfeeder handbook
The bounty of the earth cookbook
A great American cook : recipes from the home kitchen of one of our most influential chefs
The Dione Lucas meat and poultry cook book
"For the first time ever, the legendary chef collects and updates the best recipes from his six-decade career. With a searchable DVD demonstrating every technique a cook will ever need. In his more than sixty years as a chef, Jacques Pepin has earned a reputation as a champion of simplicity. His recipes are classics. They find the shortest, surest route to flavor, avoiding complicated techniques. Now, in a book that celebrates his life in food, the world's most famous cooking teacher winnows his favorite recipes from the thousands he has created, streamlining them even further. They include Onion Soup Lyonnaise-Style, which Jacques enjoyed as a young chef while bar-crawling in Paris; Linguine with Clam Sauce and Vegetables, a frequent dinner chez Jacques; Grilled Chicken with Tarragon Butter, which he makes indoors in winter and outdoors in summer; Five-Peppercorn Steak, his spin on a bistro classic; Meme's Apple Tart, which his mother made every day in her Lyon restaurant; and Warm Chocolate Fondue Souffle, part cake, part pudding, part souffle, and pure bliss. Essential Pepin spans the many styles of Jacques's cooking: homey country French, haute cuisine, fast food Jacques-style, and fresh contemporary American dishes. Many of the recipes are globally inspired, from Mexico, across Europe, or the Far East. In the accompanying searchable DVD, Jacques shines as a teacher, as he demonstrates all the techniques a cook needs to know. This truly is the essential Pepin. "--
Learn to cook Chinese dishes = Xue zuo Zhongguo cai, Qin dan lei, Poultry & Eggs
Jamaican food
The soul of a new cuisine : a discovery of the foods and flavors of Africa
Nature, culture and gender : re-reading the folktale
Companion animal nutrition
Essential Pepin : more than 700 all-time favorites from my life in food
Sunday suppers : informal American home cooking
The healthy bird cookbook : a lifesaving nutritional guide & recipe collection
Matkalla huipulle = En route to perfection
