http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21495 carmina figurata
carmina figurata visual poems
The fish who could wish
The postman : music from the Miramax motion picture soundtrack = Il postino
Lightdreams = Valounelmia
Voicing American poetry : sound and performance from the 1920s to the present
Charles simic : essays on the poetry
Peter Rabbit : nursery rhyme time :favourite rhymes and lullabies to share /cBeatrix Potter
"Man is the measure of all things" : the system of kennings as a tangible object
Sweethearts
Goldilocks rap
Witches
An anthology
Water colors & drawings : catalogue of exhibition
Rich witch, poor witch
Noisy neighbours
Some recent snowflakes (and other things)
Stripy horse : time for bed
Although it is commonplace in scholarship today to talk about a 'system' of kennings or 'kenning system', critical discussion has tended to take the qualification 'system' for granted and left this topic  unexplored. The present paper presents a study of extended kennings which reveals that the systemic network of kennings have different referents. It shows that kennings for MAN / WARRIOR are at the  center of this network.
Yucky Mucky manners
Trick-or-treat : a happy haunter's halloween
Lighthouse mouse
Hush, little horsie
Beeasily
A castle full of cats
The night before Christmas
The real other goose /kuv.  blanche fisch.wrigh
Cecily Parsley's nursery rhymes
The other side of blue : pictures and poems from Lofoten and Vesterålen
Counting sheep
All the world
Making comics : storytelling secrets of comics, manga and graphic novels
Catch that rat!
A Madeline treasury
The Puffin Mother Goose nursery rhymes
The snatchabook : [everybody needs a bedtime story]
Goodnight Pirate
Friendly day
Infinity net : the autobiography of Yayoi Kusama
Networked art
Ten timid ghosts
Playful little penguins
The art of typewriting : 570+ illustrations
When I love you at Christmas
Here comes the poo bus
Randolph Caldecott's picture books : reproduced from nineteenth-century copies in the Huntington collection
The Mother Goose word book
10 trick-or-treaters : a Halloween counting book
The beginner's guide to teddy bears
One hundred hungry ants
Mixed concrete : visual poetry
The beloved typewriter--its utilitarian beauty, the pleasing percussive action of striking its keys, the singularity of the impressed page--is enjoying a genuine renaissance across the creative industries. In this authoritative publication, the founders of the Sackner Archive of Visual and Concrete Poetry, the largest such collection in the world, apply their experience, mining the collection they have created over four decades to present examples produced by more than 200 of the world's finest typewriter artists. From the early ornamental works produced by secretaries in the late nineteenth century to more recent works that consider the unique position of the typewritten document in the digital age, there is an astonishing and delightful range of creativity in every artwork.
Electronic poetry : understanding poetry in the digital environment
An anthology of concrete poetry
Under the spell of the moon : art for children from the world's great illustrators
Mr Mistoffelees with Mungojerrie and Rumpelteazer
I love bugs!
Visions of Poe : a selection of Edgar Allan Poe's stories and poems
Huoneita = Chambres = Rooms / [valokuvat = photographies = photographs ... ] Pentti Sammallahti ; [runot = poèmes = poems:] Caj Westerberg ; [traduction française: Sébastien Cagnoli ; English translation: Alice Martin]
The scarecrows' wedding
Red sings from treetops : a year in colors
Cats ahoy!
Stripy horse : just for you!
Ariel : the Israel review of arts and letters. Number 95.
The rhyming rabbit
Whiffy Wilson : the wolf who wouldn't go to school
Walt Disney's Mickey Mouse tales : vintage tales from Disney's most popular animated short films
Dick King-Smith's alphabeasts
A great big ugly man came up and tied his horse to me: A book of nonsense verse
Francesco Conz and the intermedia avant-garde
Ariel : the Israel review of arts and letters. Number 96.
Marilyn Monroe : fragments : poems, intimate notes, letters
Rudolph the red-nosed reindeer
Mother Goose's action rhymes
Halloween hustle
Appley Dapply's nursery rhymes
An ABC of pirates
Crocodiles are the best animals of all!
The paper snake
Mouse's first Halloween
