http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2147 music theory
music theory
How to write songs on keyboards
Basic music theory : how to read, write, and understand written music
Fifth year music
The elements of music : melody, rhythm & harmony
Music theory and analysis : International journal of the Dutch-Flemish Society for Music Theory
A composition as a problem VI : proceedings of the sixth international conference on music theory, Tallinn, October 15-17, 2010
The jazz theory workbook : basic harmony skills and theory
Jazz theory and practice
Total electric guitar tutor : The ultimate guide to playing, recording and performing all styles of rock
13-limit extended just intonation in Ben Johnston's String Quartet #7 and Toby Twining's Chrysalid Requiem, "Gradual/Tract"
Sargam : an introduction to indian music
The Music of Hindostan
The complete theory fun factory : [music theory puzzles and games for the early grades]
Structural functions of harmony
The Berkeley manuscript
The complete book of scales, cadences & arpeggios : in all keys
Musical reading and writing : Pupil's book : volume 4 : lessons 58 to 69
Techniques of twentieth century composition
Songwriting : the words, the music and the money
Perspectives on contemporary music theory
Teach yourself to read music : A guide for pop, rock, blues and jazz singers
Harmony in Beethoven
Guitar theory for dummies : book + online video & audio instruction
"The book is a collection of Bamberger's papers from 1970 to 2010."
How to crack music theory
Counterpoint
A composition as a problem IV : proceedings of the 4th international conference on music theory, Tallinn, April 3-5, 2003.. 4/2
Modal counterpoint, Renaissance style
Pros mousikous = Against the musicians = (Adversus musicos)
Opera theoretica. 2a
The Basic Guide to How To Read Music
Making sense of the non-sensible : unity in five articles on Beethoven's Op. 132 (1987-2009)
The jazz ballad : experience ultimate expression
Polyrhythmic : advanced rhytmic studies
Rudiments of music : a new approach with application to the keyboard
History of Indian music : (Notation system)
Teaching approaches in music theory : an overview of pedagogical philosophies
Jazz theory resources : tonal, harmonic, melodic, & rhythmic organization of jazz. Volume one
Do-it-yourself musical ear training
Melody & harmony for guitarists
Guitar theory for dummies
Heinrich Schenker : selected correspondence
Theory of Indian ragas
Sounds in space, sounds in time : Projects in listening, improvising and composing
How to... write your first song
Theory : level 4
Jazz theory handbook
Learning to read music : how to make sense of those mysterious symbols and bring music alive
Harmony in tonal music. Vol. 1, Diatonic practices
Music theory and its methods : structures, challenges, directions
Patterns for jazz : for treble clef instruments
The complete idiot's guide to arranging and orchestration
The Oxford handbook of neo-Riemannian music theories
The theory of music from the Carolingian era up to 1400.. 2, Italy
Understand music theory
On conceptualization of music : applying systemic approach to musicological concepts, with practical examples of music theory and analysis
Our sense that a waltz is "in three" or a blues song is "in four with a shuffle" comes from our sense of musical meter. Hearing in Time explores the metric aspect of our musical experience from a psychological point of view. Musical meter is taken as a musically-specific instance entrainment, that is, our more general ability to synchronize our actions to the rhythms around us. As such, musical meter is subject to a number of fundamental perceptual and cognitive constraints. These constraints are the cornerstones of Hearing in Time's account of musical meter. Hearing in Time also takes into account the fact that listening to music, like many other rhythmic activities, is something that we do a lot. It also approaches musical meter in the context of music as it is actually performed, with nuances of timing and dynamics, rather than as a theoretical ideal. Hearing in Time's approach to meter is not based on any particular musical style or cultural practice, and so it discusses musical examples from a wide range of musical styles and cultures--from Beethoven and Bach to Brubeck and Ghanaian (Ewe) drumming. In taking this broad approach a number of fundamental similarities between a variety of different metric phenomena--such as the difference between so-called simple versus complex or additive meters--become apparent. Hearing in Time is written for musicians, musicologists, music theorists and psychologists who are interested in rhythm and meter. Only a modest ability read a musical score is presumed, and most musical examples are taken from familiar popular and classical repertory.
The musical idea : a consideration of music and its ways
Harmony in tonal music. Vol. 2, Chromatic practices
Write it right with Step by step. Book five
Teaching students how to associate sight and sound in learning music fundamentals and four-part harmony
Rhythmic movements and moveable rhythms : syntheses of expressive timing by means of rhythmic frequency modulation
Pieces of tradition : an analysis of contemporary tonal music
Essentials of music notation
The "real easy" ear training book : a beginning/intermediate guide to hearing the chord changes
A theory of harmony
Metric modulations : contracting and expanding time within form : vol. 2
Music theory for beginners
Practical manual of harmony
A Chromatic approach to jazz harmony and melody
Elementary music theory : for beginners and advanced
Discovering the musical mind : a view of creativity as learning
The grammar of music
Guidelines for college teaching of music theory
Musical insights : the journal of Macro
The jazz chord/scale handbook : a comprehensive organisational guide to scales and chords found in jazz and contemporary music
Modern Music School. Theory text : vol. 1
Performing music : shared concerns
The musician's handbook : a guide to music fundamentals, hearing and performing music, reading and writing notation, improvising, and composing
A composition as a problem IV : proceedings of the 4th international conference on music theory, Tallinn, April 3-5, 2003.. 4/1
Theory at the keyboard : a workbook for teachers and pupils
Theory is fun. Book 1
Music theory : a syllabus for teacher and student. Volume 1
Harmony & voice leading
A zenei írás-olvasás módszertana = Musical reading and writing. Befejezö kötet : felsöfok = Final volume : advanced level
Music games that teach
Music theory : a practical guide for all musicians
Mathematics and music : composition, perception, and performance
Harmony and voice leading. Vol. 2
Joining the dots : a beginner's guide to listening to classical music
The composer's handbook. 2
Musiikkiopin alkeet = Elementary course in musical theory
A composition as a problem VI : proceedings of the seventh international conference on music theory, Tallinn, October 8-11, 2014
Opera theoretica. 2
Music theory in the real world : a practical guide for today's musicians
Whether you're a student of music or a music lover, Music Theory For Dummies presents you with essential information on how to read, write, and understand music, as well as helpful hints on composing, arranging, and creating original melodies, harmonies, and chords. Music Theory For Dummies gives you a friendly, unintimidating overview of the material covered in a typical college-level course and makes music theory easy to understand. It includes updated information on current teaching techniques; the newest music examples and genres; information on mastering major and minor scales, using intervals, and recognizing pitches and clefs; the lowdown on rhythms, tempo, dynamics, and navigation; how to transcribe the music you hear and transposing it to other keys; harmonizing and accompanying melodies; composing and arranging for voices and instruments; performing your own music; and much more.
Understanding music theory  : ... for keyboard players and all musicians!
Music theory for dummies
Music theory from Zarlino to Schenker : a bibliography and guide
Learning to read music : how to make sense of those mysterious symbols
Popular music theory & musicianship
Musical reading and writing : Pupil's book : volume 2 : lessons 31 to 46
The musical realism of Leos̆ Janác̆ek : from speech melodies to a theory of composition
Repetition in music : theoretical and metatheoretical perspectives
Composing for the Cinema : the theory and praxis of music in film
Fundamentals of music : a program for self-instruction
Swing to bop, hep to hip : a study in jazz parlance
Basic Counterpoint
Ear training : a comprehensive approach to the systematic study of melodic and harmonic structures in music. Volume 3, Capturing the basic chord qualities
Jazz : theory and practice
Music theory in the real world : A practical guide for today's musicians
Harmonia
Musical reading and writing : Pupil's book : volume 5 : lessons 70 to 77
Beginning songwriting : writing your own lyrics, melodies and chords
Flamenco music theory : rhythm, harmony, melody, form
Harmony and voice leading
Musical reading and writing : Pupil's book : volume 3 : lessons 47 to 57
A plain and easy introduction to practical music
A history of Byzanthine music and hymnography
Ear training : a comprehensive approach to the systematic study of melodic and harmonic structures in music. Volume 2, Twelve basic interval sounds to master
The jazz language : a theory text for jazz composition and improvisation
The musical realism of Leoš Janáček : from speech melodies to a theory of composition
Musical form
Musical reading Anwriting : Pupil's book : volume 8 : Lessons 94 to 100
All about music theory : a fun and simple guide to understanding music
The pop composer's handbook
Fundamentals for the aspiring musician : A Preparatory course for music theory : An interactive e-text
What kind of theory is music theory? : epistemological exercises in music theory and analysis
The analysis of music
Opera theoretica. 1
Thinking about music : an introduction to the philosophy of music
Popular methode of sight-singing
Musical reading and writing : Pupil's book : volume 7 : lessons 86 to 93
An ABC of music : a short practical guide to the basic essentials of rudiments, harmony, and form
Ear training : a comprehensive approach to the systematic study of melodic and harmonic structures in music. Volume 1, Scale forms through six basic tetrachords
The structure of music : a listener's guide : a study of music in terms of melody and counterpoint
Introducing music
Ragas and raginis
Write it right with Step by step. Book four
Theory of Indian music
The musician's guide to reading & writing music
The theory of music from the Carolingian era up to 1400 : descriptive catalogue of manuscripts. 1
Musical reading and writing : Pupil's book : volume 6 : lessons 78 to 85
Write it right with Step by step. Book six
Jazz theory resources : tonal, harmonic, melodic, & rhythmic organization of jazz. Volume two
Nova musica and De proportionibus
Write it right with Step by step. Book one
Contemporary harmony : romanticism through the twelve-tone row
Harmony : a progressive look at music theory
Melody : how to write great tunes
Understanding the fundamentals of music : course guidebook
Harmony
The composer's handbook
Hearing in time : psychological aspects of musical meter
Intro to polyrhythms : contracting and expanding time within form : vol. 1
Write it right with Step by step. Book three
Modern harmony in its theory and practice
On the similarity of twelve-tone rows
Kodály in the First Grade Classroom : Developing the Creative Brain in the 21st Century
Melodic types of Hindusthān : a scientific interpretation of the rāga system of Northern India
It's easy to bluff... music theory
Changes over time : the evolution of jazz arranging
Free composition = (Der freie Satz) : supplement : musical examples
This work brings together an international group of leading proponents of Riemannian and neo-Riemannian theory for a thoroughgoing exploration of the music-analytical, systematic and historical aspects of this important new field.
The art of melody
The study of orchestration : workbook
Basic principles of music theory
Music as discourse : semiotic adventures in romantic music
Write it right with Step by step. Book two
An introduction to music
Training the ear. Volume 2, a compositional approach to intermediate level harmonic ear training : dyads, triads, seventh chords, inversions, altered chords, chord extensions, modes, chord/scale relationships, chord progressions, chord substitutions
Trumpet for dummies
How to read music
Fundamentals of music : a program for self-instuction
Basic atonal theory
Advanced Schenkerian analysis : perspectives on phrase rhythm, motive, and form
Music in theory and practice. Vol. 1
Music notation : preparing scores and parts
Music theory : it's easy to bluff
The art of partimento : history, theory, and practice
Theory : level 2
Musical reading and writing : Pupil's book : volume 1 : lessons 1 to 30
