http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21425 energy crops
energy crops
Solar Photovoltaic
Boreal forest and climate change
Energy : the basics
Handbook of bioenergy crops : a complete reference to species, development and applications
What is land for? : the food, fuel and climate change debate
Effects of supplemental lighting, semi-closed greenhouse and split-root fertigation on weekly to seasonal heat and electricity use and CO2 emissions in cucumber growing were estimated in Finland. With moderate lighting (170 W m-2 above rows, 60 W m-2 inter-row) in a ventilated greenhouse, seasonal electricity and heat use (MJ kg-1 cucumber) were 20-50 and 10-25, 17-30 and 3-8, 38-55 and 10-18 in spring, summer and autumn to mid-winter, respectively. In summer, a semi-closed greenhouse improved energy use efficiency by 20-30% and split-root fertigation by 0-15%. Raising light intensity and applying inter- row lighting allowed higher yields in autumn to mid-winter without affecting electricity use efficiency. In other seasons, increasing the lighting decreased the efficiency. The emissions largely resulted from electricity use. Direct emissions (kg CO2-eq kg-1) based on propane and electricity from the national grid were 2.5, 1.5 and 3.3 in spring, summer and autumn to mid-winter, respectively. Efficiency of using solar and supplemental PAR was markedly lower in summer than in other seasons. The results provide profile of energy use and emissions and point to ways to reduce them.
Identification and quantification of indirect land and resource use changes : challenges caused by expanding liquid biofuel production
Reshaping American agriculture to meet its biofuel and biopolymer roles
Low-carbon energy : a roadmap
Impacts of climate change on renewable energy sources and their role in Nordic and Baltic energy systems : case of bio-fuels
Plant physiological ecology
CO2 Capture and storage in energy production
Estimated metabolizable energy yields of perennial and annual grass swards compared with those of spring barley and oat
Sustainable bioenergy production - an integrated approach
The brilliance of bioenergy in business and in practice
Crops for industry : a practical guide to non-food and oilseed agriculture
Perspectives of renewable energy resources utilization in Karelian fuel-energy balance : proceedings of the first international seminar, 4.-7. April, 1993, Petrozavodsk, Russia. Vol. 2
Sustainable cropping of reed canary grass for energy use
NJF Seminar 405 : Production and utilization of crops for energy, Vilnus, Lithuania 25-26 September 2007
Biogas production from high-yielding energy crops in boreal conditions
Biofuels for transport : global potential and implications for sustainable energy and agriculture
Towards a new climate regime? : views of China, India, Japan, Russia and The United States on the road to Copenhagen
Biofuel cropping systems : carbon, land and food
Methane and hydrogen production from crop biomass through anaerobic digestion
Biogas composition and upgrading to biomethane
Wood biomass production potential on agricultural lands in Northern Europe : achieving the goals of energy policy
Towards a new climate regime? : the key players gearing up for Copenhagen
Trends and projections in Europe 2015 : tracking progress towards Europe's climate and energy targets
Sperling and Gordon outline the problem in full and assign blame squarely where it belongs--on the auto-industry, short-sighted government policies, and consumers. They consider the issue from all angles and take up such topics as getting beyond the gas-guzzler monoculture, breaking Detroit's hold on energy and climate policy, the search for low-carbon fuels, California's pioneering role, and more. --  Promising advances in both transportation technology and fuel efficiency together with shifts in traveler behavior, they suggest, offer us a way out of our predicament. -- Ultimately, the authors contend that the two places that have the most troublesome emissions problems, California and China, are the most likely to become world leaders on these issues
Climate strategy study for Pori region
Dynamic environmental indicators for smart homes:assessing the role of home energy management systems in achieving decarbonisation goals in the residential sector
Methods to enhance hydrolysis during one and two-stage anaerobic digestion of energy crops and crop residues
The handbook of biomass combustion and co-firing
Handbook of plant-based biofuels
This is the most comprehensive and thorough volume on the environmental aspects of energy from biofuels and biofeedstocks. Biomass is a renewable resource whose utilization has received great attention due to environmental considerations and the increasing demands of energy worldwide. Since the energy crises of the 1970s, many countries have become interested in biomass as a fuel source to expand the development of domestic and renewable energy sources, reduce the environmental impacts of energy production, provide rural prosperity for its poor farmers, and bolster a flat agricultural sector.
PV status report : research, solar cell production and market implementation of photovoltaics
Environmental management of energy from biofuels and biofeedstocks
Gasoline, diesel, and ethanol biofuels from grasses and plants
Seasonal responses of photosynthesis and growth of a bioenergy crop (Phalaris arundinacea L.) to climatic change under varying water regimes
Energy and exergy analyses of bioenergy crops and rapeseed oil methyl ester production
Biofuels and the sustainability challenge : a global assessment of sustainability, trends and policies for biofuels and related feedstocks
Biomass production and control of nutrient leaching of willows using different planting methods with special emphasis on an appraisal of the electrical impedance for roots
Seasonal response of biomass growth and allocation of a boreal bioenergy crop (Phalaris arundinacea L.) to climate change
Jatropha: a smallholder bioenergy crop : the potential for pro-poor development
Future bioenergy and sustainable land use
Energy efficient model for biogas production in farm scale
Food versus fuel : an informed introduction to biofuels
Read up on reed!
Low Carbon Life
Field biomass as global energy source
Biofuels, solar and wind as renewable energy systems : benefits and risks
Seasonal responses of photosynthesis and growth of a bioenergy crop (Phalaris arundinacea L.) to climate change under varying water regimes
Ghosts of crises past : comparing Japanese policy effectiveness in the 1970s oil crises and contemporary climate change
Energy from biomass 1 : proceedings of the 1st Contractors' meeting, 29-30 April 1986
Towards sustainable intensification of feedstock production with nutrient cycling
Land grabbing and global governance
Linking an EU emission reduction target beyond 20 % to energy security in Central and Eastern Europe
Reactivity of woody and herbaceous biomass chars
Russian pledge vs. business-as-usual : implementing energy efficiency policies can curb carbon emissions
Multi Functions of Wetland Systems : proceedings of the International Conference on Multi Functions of Wetland Systems Legnaro (Pd), Italy, 26th-29th June 2007
Agricultural energy : selected papers and abstracts from the 1980 ASAE National Energy Symposium, Sept. 29 - Oct. 1, 1980, Kansas City MO. Vol. 2, Biomass energy crop production
Energy in plant nutrition and pest control
Salix "Aquatica Gigantea" and Salix x dasyclados Wimm. in biomass willow research
Simulating energy consumption and greenhouse gas emissions in Finnish residential buildings
Enhancing methane production in a farm-scale biogas production system
Reed energy : possibilities of using the Common Reed for energy generation in Southern Finland
ESTABLISHMENT OF SHORT ROTATION WOODY CROP TRIALS IN ATLANTIC CANADA
Growing power : bioenergy solutions from Finland
Carbon stocks, greenhouse gas emissions and water balance of Sudanese savannah woodlands in relation to climate change
Biofuels, Bioproducts and Biorefining
Effects of lighting, semi-closed greenhouse and split-root fertigation on energy use and CO2 emissions in high latitude cucumber growing
Biofuel crops : production, physiology, and genetics
Two billion cars : driving towards sustainability
Review, Assessment and Development of Search Engine for Residential Wood Combustion
Biomass energy : from harvesting to storage
Population genetic structure of Melampsora larici-epitea, a willow leaf rust fungus
Plant resources for food, fuel, and conservation
Feasibility study on renewable energy systems and selected insulation applications : smart solutions for energy saving
Biofuels : global impact on renewable energy, production agriculture, and technological advancement
Host specificity and genetic differentiation of Melampsora epitea (rust on willows)
European energy crops overview : country report for Finland
Introducing the solar tower project in Netherlands according to the enviromission project in Australia
Climate impacts of peat fuel utilization chains : a critical review of the Finnish and Swedish life cycle assessments
Cellulosic energy cropping systems
Abstract: A greenhouse for northern latitude.
Reed Canary Grass project : (Phalaris arundinacea) : development of a new crop production system based on delayed harvesting and a system for its combined processing to chemical pulp and bio fuel powder : contract no. AIR3-CT94-2465 : final report
Vegetable oil fuels : proceedings of the International Conference on Plant and Vegetable Oils as Fuels, August 2-4, 1982, Holiday Inn Fargo, North Dakota
Biofuels : implications for the feed industry
Biogas production from energy crops and crop residues
Handbook of bioenergy crop plants
Variation in biomass related variables of reed canary grass
Plant biotechnology for sustainable production of energy and co-products
Biomass gasification to heat, electricity and biofuels : HighBio project publication
Bioenergy from sustainable forestry : guiding principles and practice
Biodiesel Power : The passion, the people, and  the politics of the next renewable fuel
Energy conservation and solar energy utilization in horticultural engineering, Melbourne, Australia, Aug. 29 - Sept. 12, 1986
Atmospheric impact of bioenergy based on reed canary grass cultivation on organic soil
