http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21430 creative economy
creative economy
Economy of experiences
Abstract.
The innovator's dilemma : when new technologies cause great firms to fail
Culture, economy and politics : the case of New Labour
Summary in Japanese.
Innovation NL : pioneers in international business
Creative economy report 2008 : the challenge of assessing the creative economy : towards informed policy-making
Creative distraction : the digital transformation of the advertising industry
Making cultural cities in Asia : mobility, assemblage, and the politics of aspirational urbanism
Creative economy and culture in the innovation policy
The Oxford handbook of innovation
Financial inclusion, innovation, and investments : biotechnology and capital markets working for the poor
Innovativeness measured within a triad of nations  : a suggestion for a measurement
Innovation Environments of Opposite Natures: Commercialisation of Innovations Through Finnish-Russian Cooperation
Doing capitalism in the innovation economy : markets, speculation and the state
The event of organisational entrepreneurship : disrupting the reigning order and creating new spaces for play and innovation
Creative economy and culture : challenges, changes and futures for the creative industries
Creative research : the theory and practice of research for the creative industries
Development of creative industries in China : the case of Shenyang International Creative Valley
Winning at innovation : the A-to-F model
The creative capital of cities : interactive knowledge creation and the urbanization economies of innovation
Experience economy : a new perspective
Urban tourism in the developing world : the South African experience
Exploring the organizing of work for creative individuals : the paradox of art and business in creative industries
Proceedings : 2nd Conference on Nordic Innovation Research, December 3-4 2007, Luleå University of Technology
Design thinking guide for successful professionals
The economic geography of innovation
Global design watch 2010
Innovating in a global crisis : riding the whirlwind of recession
The flight of the creative class : the new global competition for talent
We-think : [mass innovation, not mass production]
Strategic management in the innovation economy : strategy approaches and tools for dynamic innovation capabilities
The solution business model : boosting organic growth through cross-functional solution sales
Structural views over 'creative' Helsinki
Innovation benchmark study
!nnovation : how innovators think, act and change our world
Casebook : stories about creative economy
A new wave of government innovation in Korea
" Businesses looking to succeed in the digital, global economy must innovate to survive, and !nnovation highlights the pioneers who have broken the mold and led the pack in every field, from IT to food, fashion to healthcare. Innovation expert, Kim Chandler McDonald underlines the common denominators linking these highly creative people, such as their compulsion to tell their truth, unpalatable or not, their entrepreneurial instincts and their steadfast protection of their brands. This book offers: --understanding of innovation as a mindset rather than a process --insight on how to start thinking like an innovator and into how this can assist them with their own careers and goals --knowledge of how to cultivate innovation in their own team, department or business --personal accounts from international innovators !nnovation showcases interviews with over 100 people who have pushed aside the boundaries in their field, such as: Matt Flannery, CEO/Co-Founder of Kiva, the microfinancing organization working to alleviate poverty; author Seth Godin; Zappos CEO Tony Hsieh; Digital Royalty CEO Amy Jo Martin; and Chief Innovation Officer at the marketing agency MDC Partners, Faris Yakob. Chandler McDonald finds out what drives these successful innovators, what makes innovations take off and why innovation is so critical to individuals, economies and to society as a whole"--
Regional knowledge economies : markets, clusters and innovation
Creative steps : one way to an idea
Think, play, do : technology, innovation, and organization
Geographies of the Japanese cultural economy : innovation and creative consumption
"In today's volatile business landscape, adaptability and creativity are more crucial than ever. It is no longer possible-or even desirable-to learn one set of job skills and to work your way up the ladder. At the same time, entrepreneurs with great ideas for new products or technologies that could change the world often struggle to capture the attention of venture capital firms and incubators; finding the funding necessary to launch a start-up can feel impossible. The business leaders of our future must anticipate change to create their own opportunities for personal satisfaction and professional success. In Disrupt You!, Jay Samit, a digital media expert who has launched, grown, and sold start-ups and Fortune 500 companies alike, describes the unique method he has used to invent new markets and expand established businesses.  Samit has been at the helm of businesses in the ecommerce, digital video, social media, mobile communications, and software industries, helping to navigate them through turbulent economic times and guide them through necessary transformation so that they stay ahead of the curve. In Disrupt You!, he reveals how specific strategies that help companies flourish can be applied at an individual level to help anyone can achieve success and lasting prosperity-without needing to raise funds from outside investors.  Incorporating stories from his own experience and anecdotes from other innovators and disruptive businesses-including Richard Branson, Steve Jobs, Elon Musk, YouTube, Circ du Soleil, Odor Eaters, Iams, Silly Putty, and many more-Samit shows how personal transformation can reap entrepreneurial and professional rewards. Disrupt You! offers clear and empowering advice for anyone looking to break through; for anyone with a big idea but with no idea how to apply it; and for anyone worried about being made irrelevant in an era of technological transformation. This engaging, perspective-shifting book demystifies the mechanics of disruption for individuals and businesses alike"
The murmuring of the artistic multitude : global art, politics and Post-Fordism
Creative Industries and Economic Evolution
Creativity and the contemporary economy
Europe in the creative age
Management and creativity : from creative industries to creative management
'The murmuring of the artistic multitude' art sociologist Pascal Gielen defends the hypothesis that the globalized art scene is an ideal production entity for economic exploitation. How can the art world preserve its won dynamic and freedom? Gielen's quest leads to places of intimacy and "slowability" in the hectic global flow of artistic events and artistically-minded trends. This third edition has been thoroughly updated with Gielen's latest insights into the political dimensions of art, autonomy and the relationship between art, ethics, and democracy.--
Politized places
Innovation design : creating value for people, organizations and society
The Challenges of creativity: cultural industries and cultural policy in Europe
"Cool Japan" strategy : what kind of coolness?
Creative industries and economic evolution
Direct copyright revenue streams in creative industries in Finland : an evaluation
Determinants of innovative behaviour : a firm's internal practices and its external environment
Technology, globalisation and economic performance
The Los Angelisation of London : three short-waves of young people ́s micro-economies of culture and creativity in the UK / Angela McRobbie
Cultural expression, creativity and innovation
Disrupt yourself : master personal transformation, seize oppotunity and thrive in the era of endless innovation
Creativity and the global knowledge economy
Designing creativity through clusters : a periodisation of cluster discourse
Market innovation : how to make and shape markets
"According to USA Today, fifty percent of today's college students want to be an entrepreneur. And the jobless recovery of our recent recession and the realities of our always-changing world mean that everyone now needs to think like an innovator. Small startups are displacing hundred-year-old companies virtually overnight. The business landscape is more volatile--and full of possibility--than ever. A serial entrepreneur who has been at the forefront of global trends for over thirty years, Jay Samit spent his career studying the system successful disruptors employ to achieve greatness. In Disrupt Yourself, he distills that process into steps that can be practiced by anyone. Virgin, Apple, Microsoft, and eBay were all founded by disruptors who questioned their assumptions, designed their own life paths, found ideas that solved big problems, and then pivoted their energies to do it all over again. Samit shows how he made a career launching businesses, selling them, and then reinventing himself to do it again and in Disrupt Yourself, he shows how others can do it too. With the practical insight of Marshall Goldsmith and the no-holds-barred style of Tim Ferriss, digital innovator Jay Samit shows how all successful entrepreneurs and business leaders maximize opportunity, drive change, and achieve resilience. This groundbreaking book is an essential guide for those yearning for professional success in an unstable world"--
Entrepreneurship and the creative economy : process, practice and policy
Creativity and data marketing : a practical guide to data innovation
Adding values : the cultural side of innovation
Contemporary society is complex; governed and administered by a range of contradictory policies, practices and techniques. Nowhere are these contradictions more keenly felt than in cultural policy. This book uses insights from a range of disciplines to aid the reader in understanding contemporary cultural policy. Drawing on a range of case studies, including analysis of the reality of work in the creative industries, urban regeneration and current government cultural policy in the UK, the book discusses the idea of value in the cultural sector, showing how value plays out in cultural organizations. Uniquely, the book crosses disciplinary boundaries to present a thorough introduction to the subject.
Training artists for innovation : competencies for new contexts
"Any business looking to succeed in today's and tomorrow's global, digital economy must innovate. Innovation showcases the pioneers who have broken the mould and led the pack in every field from business and technology to food, fashion, culture and healthcare. It highlights the common denominators linking these highly creative people, such as their compunction to tell their truth; their entrepreneurial instincts; and their fierce protection of their 'brands'. Innovation draws on exclusive interviews with nearly 100 people who have pushed aside the boundaries in their field. It presents the inside track on who's done what, how they did it, what drives them on, and why innovation is so critical to individuals, businesses and to society as a whole. Most importantly, it will empower you and your business to be more innovative too"--
Developing the business practices of an SME operating in the music service industry : a perspective on organic growth and development as led by the owner-manager
Creative innovation management in a start-up company
The 1st Nordic Innovation Research Conference - Finnkampen
The Creative Economy – Nurturing Innovative Entrepreneurship in Europe Analysing the major challenges in acquiring entrepreneurial skills in creative SME in Finland.
Creative economy in the implementation of Northern Dimension Policy
Introducing business creativity : a practical guide
Summary: "Moeran and Christensen examine evaluative practices in the creative industries by exploring the processes surrounding the conception, design, manufacture, appraisal and use of creative goods. The book describes the editorial choices made by different participants in a 'creative world', as they go about conceiving, composing or designing, performing or making, selling and assessing a range of cultural products. The study draws upon ethnographically rich case studies from companies as varied as Bang and Olufsen, Hugo Boss and Lonely Planet, in order to reveal the broad range of factors guiding and inhibiting creative processes. Some of these constraints are material and technical; others social or defined by aesthetic norms. The authors explore how these various constraints affect creative work and how ultimately they contribute to the development of creativity"--.
The creative industries : culture and policy
Understanding creative business : values, networks, and innovation
Upstarts : how GenY entrepreneurs are rocking the world of business and 8 ways you can profit from their success
Innovation and institutions : a multidisciplinary review of the study of innovation systems
Public or private economies of knowledge? : turbulence in the biological sciences
State of the innovation union 2011 : report from the Commission to the European Parliament, the Council, the European Economic and Social Committee and the Committee of the Region
Creativity, innovation and the cultural economy
Creativity unlimited : thinking inside the box for business innovation
"The Creative Capital of Cities challenges the new urban growth concepts of creative industries from a critical urban theory perspective. The author presents both technological creativity in knowledge-intensive industries and artistical creativity in the cultural economy sector in the analysis of the 'creative capital of cities'. Krätke develops a transdisciplinary approach to the analysis of creativity and knowledge generation in an urban context by combining perspectives of economic geography, regional research, and socio-cultural urban studies. Providing deep insights backed up by rigorous empirical analysis, The Creative Capital of Cities reveals the complex relational dimensions of creativity while offering an alternate path to the assessment of urban economic success"--
Tourism innovation : developing an innovation process at tourism destinations
Transition management and the sustainable nutrients economy in the Netherlands : positioning paper
Menestysopas kaupungeille = A guide to becoming a succesful city
Creative industries : colourful fabric in multiple dimensions : yearbook 2009
From bestselling author and Internet pioneer Steven Johnson, an essential book for anyone interested in innovation: the key texts on the topic from a wide range of fields as well as interviews with successful, real-world innovators, prefaced with an original essay from Johnson that draws upon his own experiences as an entrepreneur and author. In The Innovator's Cookbook, Johnson compiles the best and most influential foundational texts and essays from field leaders including Stewart Brand, Clayton Christensen, Richard Florida, Teresa Amabile, Peter Drucker, Amar Bhide, and many more. New conversations on innovation from Ray Ozzie (former chief software architect at Microsoft), Beth Noveck, Jon Schnur, Katie Salen, Tom Kelley, and Brian Eno are included. Innovation is today's buzzword for a reason. The need to push forward, find new paths and new ideas in an ever-evolving world, is a vital part of business, of education, of politics, of our daily lives. Building on the success of Johnson's Where Good Ideas Come From -- one of the most acclaimed business books of 2010 -- The Innovator's Cookbook makes a major new contribution to this vital conversation.
Creative industries : critical readings
Tourism, creativity and development
The innovator's cookbook : essentials for inventing what is next
The creative economy : how people make money from ideas
Disrupt you! : master personal transformation, seize opportunity, and thrive in the era of endless innovation
"What was "Creative Britain"? Was it the "golden age" that Tony Blair vaunted in 2007, or a neoliberal nirvana? In the twenty-first century, culture--the visual and performing arts, museums and galleries, the creative industries--have become ever more important to governments, to the economy, and to how people live. Cultural historian Robert Hewison shows how, from Cool Britannia and the Millennium Dome to the Olympics and beyond, Creative Britain rose from the desert of Thatcherism only to fall into the slough of New Labour's managerialism"--
Cultural capital : the rise and fall of creative Britain
Exploring creativity : evaluative practices in innovation, design and the arts
The open innovation marketplace : creating value in the challenge driven enterprise
The innovative CIO : how IT leaders can drive business transformation
T-shirts and suits : a guide to the business of creativity
This title explores theoretical and conceptual aspects of an evolutionary economic approach to the study of the creative economy.
DEVELOPMENT OF CREATIVE INDUSTRIES IN CHINA : The case of Shenyang International Creative Valley
Chaos monkeys
The new normal : explore the limits of the digital world
Information systems - creativity and innovation in small and medium-sized enterprises : IFIP WG 8.2 International Conference, CreativeSME 2009, Guimarães, Portugal, June 21-24, 2009 : proceedings
Many technical obstacles to effective innovation no longer exist: today, companies possess global networks that can connect with knowledge from virtually any source. Today's challenge is to collaboratively transform that knowledge into higher-value innovation. The Open Innovation Marketplace introduces groundbreaking strategies and models for consistently achieving this goal. Authors Alpheus Bingham and Dwayne Spradlin draw on their own experience building InnoCentive, the pioneering global platform for open innovation (a.k.a. 'crowdsourcing')
This master thesis is based on interviews and field studies in a small start-up company. The purpose was to observe innovation management during a new product launch and generally in start-up business environment with certain theoretical material comparison and analysis. The used method of analysis was near contextual inquiry type of ethnographic research method with elements from action type of research too and it belongs to qualitative research area. Main information collection system was interviews and discussions with the owner of the company during the process. Some discussions lead new ideas as a part of ongoing innovation management and sometimes interesting comparison were made to the theoretical part of thesis work. The most interesting theories received feedback during the interviews and discussions and were seen practical and even applicable for the daily innovation management. It can be said that during this participatory field studies innovations and information flowed both directions and it made this type of user-centered ethnographic research method interesting but a little challenging, too. It came clear to some extent that innovation management is not an easy area to handle in small scale or big scale. Good ideas are important but sometimes ideas are coming almost from an unknown and this fact can be somehow difficult to put in a framework and theory. Flow of good work energies and attitude seem to bring good ideas or let good opportunities to come visible. Based on interviews and feedback from the business case example there were at least two principles from the theoretical material of this thesis that became more visible. The red monkey description of the innovative organization with supporting role for innovative pioneers were seen interesting and the company may use this theory in the future recruitment processes. The transformation from the old 2 dimensional organizations to modern 3 dimensional innovative organizations were seen practical and interesting theoretical model as well as unconventional leadership of innovation management too.
Creative leadership : skills that drive change
Fair play : art, performance and neoliberalism
Cultural policy : management, value and modernity in the creative industires
Power, media, culture : a critical view from the political economy of communication
