http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21486 age policy
age policy
"Intergenerational Space offers insight into the transforming relationships between younger and older members of contemporary societies. The chapter selection brings together scholars from around the world in order to address pressing questions both about the nature of contemporary generational divisions as well as the complex ways in which members of different generations are (and can be) involved in each other's lives. These questions include: how do particular kinds of spaces and spatial arrangements (e.g. cities, neighbourhoods, institutions, leisure sites) facilitate and limit intergenerational contact and encounters? What processes and spaces influence the intergenerational negotiation and contestation of values, beliefs, and social memory, producing patterns of both continuity and change? And if generational separation and segregation are in fact significant social problems across a range of contexts--as a significant body of research and commentary attests--how can this be ameliorated? The chapters in this collection make original contributions to these debates drawing on original research from Belgium, China, Finland, Poland, Senegal, Singapore, Tanzania, Uganda, the United States and the United Kingdom."--
Precarious Japan
Expectation of life in different labour market and pension recipency states, Finland 1970-1997
Abstract.
Check Marks for the Knowledge of Ageing : Working for a Change in North Karelia!
Universities and engagement : international perspectives on higher education and lifelong learning
Youth policy and social inclusion : critical debates with young people
An introduction to sociology : feminist perspectives
The economic implications of aging societies : the costs of living happily ever after
Synthesis report on demographic behaviour, existing population related policies and expectations men and women have corcerning the state
Summary: Report on risks in Finland's employment pension system.
Survival with dignity? : the consumption of young adults during economic depression: a comparative study of Finland and Britain, 1990-1994
Abstract: Proper balance between work and leisure? : studies of time use in different life situations.
The economics of an aging society
Race for retirement
The decline of the welfare state : demography and globalization
Ageing, demographic risks and pension reform
Social determinants of health and well-being among young people : Health Behaviour in School-aged Children (HBSC) study: international report from the 2009/2010 survey
Expectation of life in different labour market and pension recipiency states, Finland 1970-1997
Ageing report : overall assessment of the effects of ageing and the adequacy of preparation for demographic changes
An aging world : dilemmas and challenges for law and social policy : edited by John M. Eekelaar and David Pearl
Linking retirement age to life expectancy : what happens to working lives and income distribution
Tourism of tomorrow : travel trends and forces of change
On the path of a doctor : motivations and satisfaction of medical doctors in their career-related decisions
Public health nutrition : from principles to practice
Longevity is increasing : what about the retirement age?
Cultural anthropology : the human challenge
Growing up and leaving home
The effects of aging population on the sustainability of fiscal policy
Abstract (1 s.).
Effective retirement age in the earnings-related pension scheme in 1996-2003
Ageing workers in the European Union : status and promotion of work ability, employability and employment
New approaches to housing for the second half of life
Essays in Sudan ethnography : presented to Sir Edward Evans-Pritchard
Abstract: Population ageing and social expenditure in Finland.
Aging, health expenditure, proximity of death and income in Finland
Age in the welfare state : the origins of social spending on pensioners, workers, and children
Understanding youth in late modernity
The new politics of old age policy
Reconstructing retirement : work and welfare in the UK and USA
Aging, generations, and politics
Finland 2015: balanced development : Government report to Parliament on Finland's future prospects
"This book celebrates Professor Pauli Kettunen on his sixtieth birthday. In Pauli Kettunen's scholarship as well as in this collection, history meets social sciences in a manner that render distinctions between the two unnecessary. This book challenges simplistic views to history as 'a background' or 'development', opening up sophisticated perspectives to many up-to-date debates on, for instance, nationalism and globalization or the Nordic welfare models."--Takakansi.
The Blackwell companion to the sociology of families
Multi-layered historicity of the present : approaches to social science history
Product life cycle assessments : principles and methodology
The pinch : how the baby boomers took their children's future - and why they should give it back
The crisis of welfare in East Asia
Family issues between gender and generations : seminar report
Finland for people of all ages : government report on the future: demographic trends, population policy, and preparation for changes in the age structure
Ageing and development
Global tourism : the next decade
Disability : a life course approach
Pensions are no solution to the unemployment problem : analysis of the suggested introduction of lower retirement ages as a measure against unemployment
Global ageing in the twenty-first century : challenges, opportunities and implications
Biennial report on social services of general interest
The nature of adolescence
Check marks for the knowledge of ageing : working together for change in North Karelia!
The EU contribution to active ageing and solidarity between generations
Retirement is being 'reconstructed', with the UK following the US path of abolishing mandatory retirement and increasing state pension ages. This timely book assesses prospects for work and retirement at age 65-plus in the UK and US.
Early childhood studies : an holistic introduction
Intergenerational programs : past, present, and future
Finnish drinking habits : results from interview surveys held in 1968, 1976 and 1984
Chinese families in the post-Mao era
Stability and change in American politics : the coming of age of the generation of the 1960s
Childhood as a social phenomenon. An introduction to a series of national reports
Health status and health policy in Sub-Saharan Africa: a long-term perspective
Social theory, social policy and ageing : a critical introduction
Going grey : the mediation of politics in an ageing society
Perspectives in sociological research
Population bulletin of the United Nations : No. 15-1983
Active ageing policies in Finland
Ageing, wellbeing and climate change in the arctic : an interdisciplinary analysis
China's population situation and policies
This third edition of this best-selling book confirms the ongoing centrality of feminist perspectives and research to the sociological enterprise, and introduces students to the wide range of feminist contributions in key areas of sociological concern. Completely revised, this edition includes: new chapters on sexuality and the media ; additional material on race and ethnicity, disability and the body ; many new international and comparative examples ; the influence of theories of globalization and post-colonial studies. In addition, the theoretical elements have also been fully rethought in light of recent developments in social theory. Written by three experienced teachers and examiners, this book gives students of sociology and women's studies an accessible overview of the feminist contribution to all the key areas of sociological concern.
Summary of demographic trends and policy implications presented in the national reports
Intergenerational space
The making of ageing policy : theory and practice in Europe
Active ageing and pension system : Finland
Monitoring the employment strategy and the duration of active working life
Conflict age & power in North East Africa : age systems in tradition
Designed to counter-balance the conventional emphasis on religious and ritual functions, this collection of papers re-evaluates the political aspect of age systems in the context of national politics, civil and regional wars.
Population ageing and its consequences in Finland : a review of current trends and debates
Finnish yearbook of population research. 43, 2007-2008
Well-being of older people in ageing societies
Trends in social protection in Finland 2004.
Summary: Aging, health and competence.
Ageing, interest rates, and financial flows
Optimal beef cattle management under agricultural policy reforms in Finland
Impact of tobacco control policy on smoking and exposure to environmental tobacco smoke
Wage differential between young and adults and its relation with youth unemployment
Atlas of health in Europe
Consuming children : education, entertainment, advertising
Policy credibility in numerical overlapping generations model
Combating age barriers in employment : a European portfolio of good practice
The future of low-birthtrate populations
Ageing populations in post-industrial democracies : comparative studies of policies and politics
