http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21467 consumer society
consumer society consumption society
Consumption and market society in Israel
Money and credit : a sociological approach
State of the world 2010 : transforming cultures : from consumerism to sustainability : a Worldwatch Institute report on progress toward a sustainable society
Brave new world
Globesity, food marketing and family lifestyles
This book offers a new perspective on sociological studies of the consumer society, introducing neglected normative questions relating to the good life and human flourishing - subjects more commonly discussed in fields of moral, political, and social philosophy. With attention to a wide range of subjects, including postemotional law and responsibility, dehumanised consumption and prosumerism, fashion, embodiment, conspicuous consumption, and sustainability, this book analyzes the structural and cultural transformations that can be identified in consumer society. It also offers a critical - but not pessimistic - view of the important question of whether consumption is leading to an increasing isolation, individualization or commodification of human beings, suggesting an analytical framework for understanding consumer culture and human praxis. Bringing together work from across disciplines by scholars in the US, Europe, and the UK to engage with questions concerning our globalized and globalizing world, where consumerism is a keystone for understanding our contemporary culture and its social structures, Being Human in a Consumer Society will appeal to scholars and students of sociology, social theory, and contemporary philosophy.
Alienation and the carnivalization of society
The Theory of the Leisure Class
Consumption as a form of ideological thought and action
Material culture and mass consumption
The toothpaste of immortality : self-construction in the consumer age
Being human in a consumer society
Suitably modern : making middle-class culture in a new consumer society
Religions as brands : new perspectives on the marketization of religion and spirituality
Change of China's development models at the crossroads
Privileged goods : commodization and its impact on environment and society
Consumer kids : how big business is grooming our children for profit
The road to China's prosperity in the next three decades
Modern oralities : a cultural topology of the consuming body : summary of the article-dissertation The corporeality of consumption
Animal modernity : Jumbo the elephant and the human dilemma
The romantic ethic and the spirit of modern consumerism
Prosperity for all : consumer activism in an era of globalization
Hypermodern times
Consumption and American culture
This book, together with a complementary volume Religion in the Neoliberal Age, focuses on religion, neoliberalism and consumer society; offering an overview of an emerging field of research in the study of contemporary religion. Claiming that we are entering a new phase of state-religion relations.
The consumer society
Finnish consumption : an emerging consumer society between East and West
The term 'collateral damage' has recently been added to the vocabulary of military forces to refer to the unintended consequences of armed interventions, consequences that are unplanned but nevertheless damaging and often very costly in human and personal terms. But collateral damage is not unique to the world of armed intervention - it is also one of the most salient and striking dimensions of contemporary social inequality. The inflammable mixture of growing social inequality and the rising volume of human suffering marginalized as 'collateral' is becoming one of most cataclysmic problems of our time. For the political class, poverty is commonly seen as a problem of law and order - a matter of how to deal with individuals, such as unemployed youths, who fall foul of the law. But treating poverty as a criminal problem obscures the social roots of inequality, which lie in the combination of a consumerist life philosophy propagated and instilled by a consumer-oriented economy, on the one hand, and the rapid shrinking of life chances available to the poor, on the other. In our contemporary, liquid-modern world, the poor are the collateral damage of a profit-driven, consumer-oriented society - 'aliens inside' who are deprived of the rights enjoyed by other members of the social order. In this new book Zygmunt Bauman - one of the most original and influential social thinkers of our time - examines the selective affinity between the growth of social inequality and the rise in the volume of 'collateral damage' and considers its implications and its costs.
Consuming life
The right to useful unemployment and its professional enemies
Living with less : how to downsize to 100 personal possessions
Brand aid : shopping well to save the world
The globalization of nothing
Public culture : diversity, democracy, and community in the United States
The goal of this thesis is to analyse the level of sustainability of one souvenir shop. The case company Maretarium is an aquarium located in Kotka, Southern Finland and beside Finnish fish; the aquarium offers customers also The Sea Shop, a souvenir shop filled with products of underwater life. Maretarium wants to follow trends and develop the shop in more a sustainable direction. Sustainable development is one of the main trends at this moment globally. This analysis presents the main aspects of sustainability and how sustainable development can be seen in souvenir business. One wide part of sustainability is Fair Trade and other green labels which encourage suppliers and retailers to pay attention to fair, ecologically and sustainably produced products. Use of recycled material is also one way to produce new products in a sustainable way. Additionally, consumer behaviour affects also retail trends and it has been researched that shopping souvenirs and buying other goods follow the same trends. Based on the analysis, the aim is to create a list of criteria to be fulfilled for sustainable souvenir shop. The analysis rests heavily on secondary data analysis. Secondary data is collected from the case company's suppliers. The souvenir shop and its level of sustainability are evaluated through its suppliers as it is one part of the aquarium's business operations. Based on the analysis, it can be concluded that The Sea Shop is quite sustainable even if there are still some areas of improvement needed to increase sustainability. The case company should choose carefully its suppliers and should encourage suppliers to embrace sustainable thinking. Therefore, based on the analysis, I propose ten main principles to implement sustain-ability in a souvenir shop which I will implement at my work as the employee of Maretarium.
Public Sector Energy Conservation Programme : summary
The myth of the ethical consumer
"Male menopause" : the birth of a new illness?
The world of consumption : the material and cultural revisited
Consumer society : : critical issues and environmental consequences
Cybersex and prosthetic god : "sex", desire and the posthuman body in cyber discourse. Volume 2, The promise of the cyborg
American consumer society, 1865-2005 : from hearth to HDTV
Women and Mass Consumer Society in Postwar France
"Think Coca-Cola. Think iPod. Think Nike. Think Google. Each of these names represents a successful product or service but, more importantly, they are all successful brands. Most attempts to explain the role of brands focus on brands either as management tools (managerial perspective) or as symptoms of consumerism (sociological perspective). In Brand Society, Martin Kornberger combines these perspectives to show how brands have the power to transform both the organizations that develop them and the lifestyles of the individuals who consume them. This holistic approach shows how brands function as a medium between producers and consumers in a way that is rapidly transforming our economy and society. Using an array of practical case studies from a diverse set of organizations, this book provides a fascinating account of the way in which brands influence the lives of individuals and the organizations they work in"--Provided by publisher.
The legalizing of roulette and changes in Finnish consumer culture in the 1960s and 1970s
The saturated society : governing risk and lifestyles in consumer culture
The logistic revolution : the rise of logistics in the mass consumption society
Future of the consumer society : 28-29 May 2009, Tampere, Finland : book of abstracts : 11th international conference
The cost of inequality : why equality is essential for recovery
Jean Baudrillard : selected writings
Consumer culture : history, theory and politics
This little kiddy went to market : the corporate capture of childhood
Consuming religion : Christian faith and practice in a consumer culture
Brand society : how brands transform management and lifestyle
Swedish modernism : architecture, consumption and the welfare state
Consumption and everyday life
The material child : growing up in consumer culture
Running the numbers : an American self-portrait
Towards meaningfulness : rediscovering the equilibrium
Does ethics have a chance in a world of consumers?
Hand-drying in America and other stories
Making the environment count : Nordic accounts and indicators for analysing and integrating environment and economy
Sustainable consumption, ecology and fair trade
Sustainable energy consumption and society : personal, technological, or social change?
The impulse society : what's wrong with getting what we want
Sustainable Marketing  : The Importance of Being a Sustainable Business
Islands of eight million smiles : idol performance and symbolic production in contemporary Japan
The selfish society : how we all forgot to love one another and made money instead
In 2013, the Nordic Ministers for the Environment decided to strenghten the measurement of green estimates of welfare and socio-economic developments. The report Making the Environment Count is describing how statistics on the environment and the economy thorugh the System of Environmental-Economic Accounts can be used to enable cross-sectorial analysis. The report proposes indicators that can be compiled annually in a Nordic context through existing statistics linking economic statistics to environmental statistics
Japanese lifestyles
Forests and development : local, national, and global issues
Modern oralities : a cultural topology of the consuming body
The theory of the leisure class
On bourgeois logic and the consumer society
Handbook of material culture
Consumption and its consequences
"This book examines the public controversies surrounding lifestyle risks in the consumer society. Comparing news coverage of the globesity pandemic in Britain and the USA, it illustrates the way moral panic brought childrens food marketing to the centre of the policy debates about consumer lifestyles"--
The expert consumer : associations and professionals in consumer society
Handbook of marketing and society
Consumer citizen at work : a challenge for leadership and management
Nutrion, behavior, and change
The consumer society reader
The value of nothing : how to reshape market society and redefine democracy
Identity and capitalism
What's fair? : the paradox of seeking justice through markets / Mark Moberg and Sarah Lyon -- Fair trade and the specialty coffee market : growing alliances, shifting rivalries / Julia Smith -- A new world? : neoliberalism and fair trade farming in the Eastern Caribbean / Mark Moberg -- Fair flowers : environmental and social labeling in the global cut flower trade / Catherine Ziegler -- Colonial pasts and fair trade futures : changing modes of production and regulation on darjeeling tea plantations / Sarah Besky -- A market of our own : women's livelihoods and fair trade markets / Sarah Lyon -- Fractured ties : the business of development in Kenyan fair trade tea / Catherine S. Dolan -- Fair trade craft production and indigenous economies : reflections on "acceptable" indigeneities / Patrick C. Wilson -- Fair money, fair trade : tracing alternative consumption in a local currency economy / Faidra Papavasiliou -- Relationship coffees : structure and agency in the fair trade system / Molly Doane -- Novica, Navajo knock-offs, and the 'net : a critique of fair trade marketing practices / Kathy M'Closkey -- Naming rights : ethnographies of fair trade / Jane Henrici
Managing overflow in affluent societies
Green illusions : the dirty secrets of clean energy and the future of environmentalism
Irresponsible talk? Essays on the signification of economic activity.
The culture of speed : the coming of immediacy
Good consumers? : normality and sustainability in consumer culture
Food consumption in global perspective : essays in the anthropology of food in honour of Jack Goody
5 - the dish
Consuming people : from political economy to theaters of consumtion
Seeking changes : the economic development in contemporary China
Fair Trade and Social Justice : Global Ethnographies
The good life in a technological age
Religion in consumer society : brands, consumers, and markets
The rebel sell : how the counterculture became consumer culture
The system of objects
Analysis of sustainability at Maretarium Souvenir Shop in Kotka
Times they are changing : three studies on changes in consumption
Encounters and engagements between economic and cultural geography
Capitalism in the family : on realistic involvement after the neoliberal turn
Getting and spending : European and American consumer societies in the twentieth century
Scarcity and modernity
Designer kids : consumerism and competition : when is it too much?
Cybersex and prosthetic god : "Sex", desire and the posthuman body in cyber discourse. Volume 1, The seduction of the "cyber"
