http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21451 released prisoners
released prisoners
Prisoner reentry and social capital : the long road to reintegration
Banshee. The complete fourth season
Fighting dirty
The Sunset Limited
The take
Henry's crime
Dead souls : [an Inspector Rebus novel]
Joki jolta ei ole paluuta : River of no return
Les misérables : the musical phenomenon
Cold in July
All hat
The informant
Offender reentry : rethinking criminology and criminal justice
The Blues brothers : 25-vuotisjuhlaversio
Leo vs. Stephen : the boy you were is not the man you are
Working with sex offenders in prisons and through release to the community
The retribution
The outcast
Convict criminology
Foundations of offender rehabilitation
Two men in town
Global perspectives on re-entry
Redemption Road
Mountains of the moon
Blues Brothers 2000.
City island
Banshee. The complete second season
The yards
Con air : extended edition
The glorious heresies
Global Perspectives on Re-Entry
Lost memory of skin
Snow White must die
The Blues brothers
London boulevard
Banshee. The complete third season
Out of orange : a memoir
The cold summer of 1953
American history X
Our idiot brother
Every secret thing
Snow White Must Die by Nele Neuhaus is a tremendous new contemporary mystery series and huge international bestseller--with more than 2.5 million copies in print!On a rainy November day police detectives Pia Kirchhoff and Oliver von Bodenstein are summoned to a mysterious traffic accident: A woman has fallen from a pedestrian bridge onto a car driving underneath. According to a witness, the woman may have been pushed. The investigation leads Pia and Oliver to a small village, and the home of the victim, Rita Cramer.On a September evening eleven years earlier, two seventeen-year-old girls vanished from the village without a trace. In a trial based only on circumstantial evidence, twenty-year-old Tobias Sartorius, Rita Cramer's son, was sentenced to ten years in prison. Bodenstein and Kirchhoff discover that Tobias, after serving his sentence, has now returned to his home town. Did the attack on his mother have something to do with his return?In the village, Pia and Oliver encounter a wall of silence. When another young girl disappears, the events of the past seem to be repeating themselves in a disastrous manner. The investigation turns into a race against time, because for the villagers it is soon clear who the perpetrator is--and this time they are determined to take matters into their own hands.An atmospheric, character-driven and suspenseful mystery set in a small town that could be anywhere, dealing with issues of gossip, power, and keeping up appearances
The Blues Brothers
Brothers
Blues Brothers 2000
Stand up guys
Offender supervision : new directions in theory, research and practice
The last confession of Thomas Hawkins
