http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21599 immune response
immune response
Novel strategies for spinal cord injury repair
The roles of virulence factors Us3 and γ134.5 during different phases of HSV-1 life cycle
Immunology of infectious diseases
TIM family molecules in hematopoiesis
A functional study of the Drosophila host defense
Systems biological study of Drosophila immune signaling
Assessing the immunogenicity of GTU® -based HIV-1 multigene DNA vaccines in murine models
Regulation of death receptor responses by hyperthermia
Immune response to insulin and changes in the gut immune system in children with or at risk for type 1 diabetes
The effect of systemic treatment on immune responses and skin microbiota in acne
Regulation of death receptor-mediated apoptosis in T-cells
Negative regulation of Drosophila immune response
Antigen processing and probiotic bacteria : effect of probiotic bacteria on antigen immunogenicity and inflammation : by Tanja Pessi
The analysis of serine proteases affecting the immune response in Drosophila melanogaster
The immune response to infection
Fish and human health
Activation of innate immune response in human macrophages by Herpes simplex virus-1 and crystallized monosodium urate
Bovine mastitis caused by Escherichia coli : clinical, bacteriological and therapeutic aspects
Control of immune responses in human adenotonsillar tissue
Physiological trade-offs in reproduction and condition dependence of a secondary sexual trait
"Roitt's Essential Immunology - the textbook of choice for students and instructors of immunology worldwide Bringing you fully up-to-date with the latest knowledge and concepts about the workings of the immune system, the hallmark easy-reading style of Roitt's Essential Immunology clearly explains the key principles needed by medical and health sciences students, from the basis of immunity to clinical applications. Beautifully presented, with brand new illustrations, the pedagogy has been strengthened throughout, and includes "just to recap..." sections at the beginning of each chapter, reminding the reader of key findings and principles, and summary sections at the end of each chapter that are ideal for quick study and revision. Also available as a FREE enhanced Wiley Desktop Edition (upon purchase of the book), Roitt's Essential Immunology is supported by a suite of online resources at <a href="http://www.roitt.com/">www.roitt.com</a>including: <ul type="disc">Interactive MCQs and SBA questions for each chapter, with feedback on all answers selected . Animations and videos showing key concepts. Fully downloadable figures and illustrations, further reading and useful links Extracts from the Encyclopaedia of Life Science Podcasts to reinforce the key principles explained in the text: ideal for revision 'on the go' "--Provided by publisher.
Gliadin-specific immune responses in the development and prediction of celiac disease in children
Microbe-induced activation of inflammatory cytokine response in human cells
Proteomic characterization of host response to viral infection
Virulence evolution and immune defence : pathogen-host interactions between an environmentally transmitted bacterium Serratia marcescens and its insect hosts
Acne is a common skin disease that affects nearly every teenager but in some cases it persists into adulthood as a chronic disease. Acne severity ranges from mild comedonal to severe cystic and scarring disease. The pathogenesis of acne is multifactorial: increased sebum production, hormonal influences, the hypercornification of pilosebaceous ducts, overgrowth of Propionibacterium acnes (P. acnes) and inflammation around pilosebaceous follicles are considered to be the main pathogenetic factors but few further details are known. The role of innate immunity in the pathogenesis of acne has been studied quite extensively, but the contribution of adaptive immune responses is not well characterized. Although isotretinoin has been the most potent medication for acne over 30 years, its mode of action is partially unknown. Furthermore, modern 16S ribosomal RNA (rRNA) gene amplicon sequencing based methods allow quantification of the abundance of skin bacteria, but these culture-independent techniques have not yet been used to assess the effect of systemic treatments, isotretinoin and tetracycline antibiotics on acne skin microbiota.In this study the innate and adaptive immune responses in the skin of acne patients were investigated. Skin biopsies were taken from early-stage acne lesions and from uninvolved skin of acne patients, and the samples were examined for the expression of cytokines, chemokines, transcription factors and antimicrobial peptides, using real-time polymerase chain reaction (PCR). In addition, the skin biopsies were examined by immunohistochemistry and Luminex technology, which was also used in the determination of cytokine levels in acne patients' serum samples. The skin microbiota of swab samples was investigated using 16S rRNA gene amplicon sequencing.We found that innate and adaptive immune responses, in particular the activation of the IL-17/Th17 axis, are involved in early-stage acne lesions. Furthermore, the expression of effector cytokine TGF-β and transcription factor of regulatory T cells (Tregs) FoxP3 mRNA was reduced in acne patients' uninvolved skin compared to normal skin of healthy controls. Isotretinoin has no direct effect on innate and adaptive immune responses in newly formed acne lesions. It did, however, modify some innate immune responses: the expression of IL-1β and toll-like receptor 2 (TLR2) mRNA was reduced in uninvolved skin of acne patients, and the number of CD68+ macrophages increased in acne patients' skin with isotretinoin treatment. After six weeks' treatment, the abundance of P. acnes was similarly reduced with either isotretinoin or lymecycline treatment. However, previous studies and clinical experience show that isotretinoin is more clinically effective against acne than tetracyclines, probably because of the effect of isotretinoin on sebaceous glands and sebum excretion.Acne is a disease, which at its worst results in significant scarring. Therefore it is important to understand the immunological factors behind its pathogenesis. Our findings show that both adaptive and innate immunity play an important role. Isotretinoin, although currently the most potent anti-acne drug, does not directly affect the adaptive immune response and therefore new medications are required to control the relevant immune responses, especially in severe cystic or fulminant acne.
The role of T cell recognition in the immune response against lipocalin allergens : prospects for immunotherapy
Impact of biotic and abiotic factors on bacterial virulence
The development of immune responses and gut microbiota in children at genetic risk of type 1 diabetes
Immunotoxicological effects induced by engineered nanomaterials
Immune response and the eye
Novel use of biomarkers and their combinations for detecting excessive drinking
The establishment of efficient methods to culture immunosuppressive mesenchymal stromal cells from cord blood and bone marrowh
Development of glycocluster adjuvant mimicking natural yeast β-(1,2)-structures
Immune responses evoked by cow milk products in health and during rotavirus diarrhea
Activation of inflammasome and protein secretion by endogenous danger and microbe-derived signals in human macrophages
Activation of innate immune responses by Toll-like receptors and influenza viruses
Phosphoproteomic characterization of viral infection
Neuroendocrine and immune crosstalk
Immunological boosting and personalization of oncolytic virotherapies for cancer treatment
Innate immune recognition of RNA-virus infection in human macrophages
Human immune response to oral typhoid vaccination reflected as circulating antibody-secreting cells
Immunohematology : principles and practice
Humoural immune response to Aspergillus umbrosus carbohydrate antigens in farmer's lung
A small-group-based nutritional and physical activity intervention for preventing children's overweight and obesity : a quasi-experimental intervention trial.
Causes and consequences of variation in nestling immune function
Phagocyte-pathogen interactions : macrophages and the host response to infection
Abstract in Finnish (Tiivistelmä).
Primer to the immune response
Dendritic cell vaccination in the induction of immunity or tolerance
Humoral immune response to carbamyl-epitopes in atherosclerosis
Immunogenetic risk factors of Chlamydia-induced tubal factor infertility
Extracellular vesicles in innate immunity : proteomic investigations
Host genetic factors and antibody responses with potential involvement in the susceptibility to malaria
Human papillomavirus vaccine immune response and protectivity
Characterization and immunological aspects of Borrelia burgdorferi pleomorphic round bodies
Immunohematology for medical laboratory technicians
Human papillomavirus (HPV) in mothers before and after delivery : a three year follow-up study
Effect of surface chemistry on the immune responses and cellular interactions of porous silicon nanoparticles
"BIOS Instant Notes in Immunology, Third Edition, is the perfect text for undergraduates looking for a concise introduction to the subject, or a study guide to use before examinations. Each topic begins with a summary of essential facts-an ideal revision checklist-followed by a description of the subject that focuses on core information, with clear, simple diagrams that are easy for students to understand and recall in essays and exams"--
Biomarkers for assessing ethanol consumption and the development of alcoholic liver disease : immune responses against ethanol metabolites, cytokine profiles and markers of fibrogenesis
Insights into the use of adipose stem cells for clinical cell therapy : novel culture conditions and characterization of multipotency and immunogenic properties
"A new, 12th edition of the definitive Immunology textbook, now fully up-to-date on the latest knowledge and concepts about the workings of the immune system. Essential Immunology is a perfect course textbook to support a series of lectures, or themes, on Immunology: pedagogy has been strengthened throughout, and the text is now fully supported by a suite of online resources as well as a FREE enhanced Wiley Desktop Edition"--Provided by publisher.
Studies of immune regulation in type 1 diabetes
Development of glycocluster adjuvant mimicking natural yeats β-(1,2)-structures
Mass spectrometric study of anti-testosterone Fab-fragments
Regulation of mountain birch - autumnal moth interaction: from plant defence to immune resistance of insects
Summary.
Immunomodulation of allergic immune response during specific immunotherapy
Immunomodulative treatment and experimental virus infections of the central nervous system
The roles of virulence factors Us3 and γ<sub>1</sub>34.5 during different phases of HSV-1 life cycle
Immunohistochemistry : basics and methods
Toll-like receptor 9 in alimentary tract cancers
Herpes simplex virus type 1 (HSV-1) is a common pathogen with an age-standardized seroprevalence of 52% in Finland. The most common manifestation of HSV-1 infection is labial herpes, but recently HSV-1 has emerged as the most common cause of primary genital herpes in Finnish women. HSV-1 can also lead to severe conditions such as encephalitis.After the primary lytic HSV-1 infection at the epithelia, the progeny viruses infect the innervating sensory neurons. The neuronal infection may lead to a quiescent infection form, called latency. Periodically, the virus may reactivate, which can lead to recurrent infection at the epithelia. During different phases of the viral life cycle the host cells try to restrict the infection. This study set out to investigate the roles of two HSV-1 proteins, γ134.5 and Us3 during different phases of the HSV-1 life cycle.The aim of the first study was to investigate how the deletion of Us3 affected host responses, especially Toll-like Receptor (TLR) signaling, in monocytic U937 cells. TLR3 expression was increased during Us3 deletion virus infections. This also led to increased activation of IRF-3 and increased expression of type I interferons (IFN) and an interferon stimulated protein. This study shows that TLR3 is involved in controlling the HSV-1 infection and that Us3 regulates IRF-3 activation.The second study focused on the role of the γ134.5 protein in HSV-1 latency. Embryonic mouse dorsal root ganglion (DRG) cultures were used as a cell culture model for HSV-1 latency and reactivation. In this model γ134.5 deletion viruses did not reactivate as efficiently as wild-type viruses, even though they replicated well and established latency in the neurons.Stress granules are part of the host response. In the third study, the roles of the innate immunity effectors HSV-1 Us3 and human Z-DNA binding protein 1 (ZBP1) in stress granule format ion (SG) were studied. Wild-type HSV-1 efficiently prevented the formation of SGs. The overexpression of ZBP1 resulted in accumulation of smaller but more abundant SGs during oxidative stress. Overexpression of Us3 did not significantly affect the size or number of SGs, but during Us3 deletion virus infection, SG proteins localized to cis-Golgi.This work shows that HSV-1 uses Us3 to evade and modulate host responses and that the γ134.5 protein is required for reactivation in mouse DRG cultures.
The effects of exercising in the cold on energy metabolism, skeletal muscle tissue oxygenation and immuno-endocrine responses
Luminescence-based assay methods in drug discovery
Costs and benefits of experimentally induced changes in the allocation of growth versus immune function under differential exposure to ectoparasites.
