http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21590 terrorists
terrorists
The master plan : ISIS, Al-Qaeda, and the Jihadi strategy for final victory
Foreign influence
"Contemporary Debates on Terrorism is an innovative new textbook, addressing a number of key issues in contemporary terrorism studies from both 'traditional' and 'critical' perspectives. In recent years the terrorism studies field has grown significantly, with an increasing number of scholars beginning to debate the complex dynamics underlying this category of violence. Within the broader field, there are many identifiable controversies and issues which divide scholarly opinion, a number of which are discussed in this text: - Theoretical issues, such as the definition of terrorism and state terrorism; - Substantive issues, including the threat posed by al Qaeda and the utility of different responses to terrorism; - Ethical issues, encompassing the torture of terrorist suspects and targeted assassination The format of the volume involves a leading scholar taking a particular position on the controversy, followed by an opposing or alternative viewpoint written by another contributor. In addition to the pedagogic value of allowing students to read opposing arguments in one place, the volume will also be important for providing an overview of the state of the field and its key lines of debate. Contemporary Debates on Terrorism will be essential reading for all students of terrorism and political violence, critical terrorism studies, critical security studies, security studies and IR in general"--
Black Lagoon. 007
The intercept
Black Lagoon. 004
Black Lagoon. 008
Army of one
Wild storm
Unconventional weapons and international terrorism : challenges and new approaches
Tom Clancy Support and Defend : a Campus novel
Tom Clancy's rainbow six : Siege : PS4
Shadow of the wolf : a novel
I am Pilgrim : a thriller
Terrorism : a history
The witness
The first commandment
The end game
The unknown terrorist
Ending terrorism : lessons for defeating al-Qaeda
Dark invasion : the secret war against the Kaiser's spies
A migrant boat battles through the rough Mediterranean. Its passengers are desperate, starving and scared. They are also being ruthlessly targeted by the SAS. Islamic State militants are smuggling themselves into Europe using these boats. Only by locating such men before they make it into the UK can the Regiment stop them committing their acts of terror on British soil. When one of these migrants reveals plans for a sickening Christmas Day atrocity in London, SAS operative Danny Black is tasked with infiltrating the most dangerous theatre of war in the world: Islamic State heartland. There, he and his team must lift a brutal IS commander - the only man who knows all the details of the London attack. The commander surrounds himself with vicious militants and a harem of sex slaves whom he treats in the most sadistic ways imaginable. And his jihadi wife is, if possible, even more abominable than him. As Danny pits himself against the violent thugs of the Islamic State, he learns that it is not just the UK that is under threat. His very presence on the mission has put at risk the safety of those closest to him. And he discovers that there are greater forces at work here, who do not care if the innocent live or die. Now there is nothing Danny will not do, no line he will not cross, to protect his family. Whether that makes him a good soldier or a bad soldier he neither knows nor cares. Because as he is fast learning, it is sometimes impossible to tell the difference between the two. And as every SAS soldier is trained to understand, the worst threats often come from the most unexpected places...
Black Lagoon. 006
Leviathan : an Event Group adventure
The last patriot
The absence of guilt
Deathwing
Submergence
First response
Hamas : from resistance to government
Al Qaeda : the transformation of terrorism in the Middle East and North Africa
The Icarus agenda
Witch hunt
Sidney Sheldon's Reckless : a Tracy Whitney novel
Tom Clancy's rainbow six : Siege : Xbox One
The tears of dark water
The devil's ribbon
The gun seller
Metal gear solid : sons of liberty : tactical espionage action
No easy day : the firsthand account of the mission that killed Osama Bin Laden : the autobiography of a Navy SEAL
The Devil's light
Labyrinth : The war on terror, 2001 - ?
Girl on a plane
Manhunt : from 9/11 to Abbottabad - the ten-year search for Osama Bin Laden
Mohammed Maguire
High dive
Split second
Code Geass : Lelouch of the Rebellion. 4
The bookman
"Drawing on troves of recently declassified documents captured from the Islamic State and its predecessors, counterterrorism expert Brian Fishman tells the story of this organization's complex and largely hidden past.- and what the master plan suggests about its future. Only by understanding the Islamic State's full history- and the strategy that drove it- can we understand the contradictions that may ultimately tear it apart" -- Dust jacket.
The Tsarnaev brothers : the road to a modern tragedy
Red notice
Deus Ex : mankind divided : Xbox One
Tom Clancy's rainbow six : Siege : PlayStation 4
Empire of fear : inside the Islamic State
The kill list
The increment : a novel
Extraction
Hunt the scorpion
Dead or alive
The submission
"Combining the pulsating drive of Showtime's Homeland with the fascinating historical detail of such of narrative nonfiction bestsellers as Double Cross and In the Garden of Beasts, Dark Invasion is Howard Blum's gritty, high-energy true-life tale of German espionage and terror on American soil during World War I, and the NYPD Inspector who helped uncover the plot--the basis for the film to be produced by and starring Bradley Cooper. When a "neutral" United States becomes a trading partner for the Allies early in World War I, the Germans implement a secret plan to strike back. A team of saboteurs--including an expert on germ warfare, a Harvard professor, and a brilliant, debonair spymaster--devise a series of "mysterious accidents" using explosives and biological weapons, to bring down vital targets such as ships, factories, livestock, and even captains of industry like J.P. Morgan. New York Police Inspector Tom Tunney, head of the department's Bomb Squad, is assigned the difficult mission of stopping them. Assembling a team of loyal operatives, the cunning Irish cop hunts for the conspirators among a population of more than eight million Germans. But the deeper he finds himself in this labyrinth of deception, the more Tunney realizes that the enemy's plan is far more complex and more dangerous than he suspected.Full of drama and intensity, illustrated with eight pages of black and-white photos, Dark Invasion is riveting war thriller that chillingly echoes our own time"--
The convert's song
Code Geass : Lelouch of the Rebellion. 7
Violent groups and police tactics : should tear gas make crime preventers cry?
In The Tears of Dark Water, the internationally bestselling author of A Walk Across the Sun and The Garden of Burning Sand delivers an electrifying, moving novel of tragedy, vengeance and redemption set against the backdrop of a pressing contemporary political issue. When Somali pirates hijack an American sailing yacht in the Indian Ocean, a tense standoff orchestrated by top U.S. hostage negotiator Paul Derrick ends in tragedy: Skipper Daniel Parker is shot dead and his troubled son Quentin is critically wounded. The pirates are captured and extradited to stand trial in the USA. A young pirate named Ismail is identified by his cohorts as the shooter. Inquestioning him, Derrick begins to suspect there is more to his story than a zealot driven by simple, bloodthirsty anti-American extremism. But Ismail says little, fearing the truth will endanger the only person he has left in the world: His sister Yasmin.Yasmin is the youngest (and favorite) wife of a radical Islamist leader named Najiib. But Najiib also thinks she shares the rebellious spirit of her brother Ismail--who escaped soon after the siblings were kidnapped from their Mogadishu schoolhouse by Najiib's men. As his mistrust grows, Yasmin begins to plan her own escape. Derrick's sister Megan, a criminal defense lawyer, takes Ismail's case. Sharing her brother's sense that there is a mystery to unravel, she begins an investigation that traces Ismail's journey from Mogadishu to a Kenyan refugee camp to the large Somali immigrant community in Minneapolis. As the tension mounts, Ismail strikes a shocking deal with the U.S. Government that offers him a chance to save Yasmin's future.
The finish : the killing of Osama bin Laden
Deus Ex : mankind divided, day one edition (PS4)
Black night in red square : an Inspector Porfiry Rostnikov mystery
Women as terrorists : mothers, recruiters, and martyrs
The lion's game
The last patriot : a thriller
Underground : the Tokyo gas attack and the Japanese psyche
The lion
The atomic bazaar : the rise of the nuclear poor
One of ours : Timothy McVeigh and the Oklahoma City bombing
Son of Hamas : a gripping account of terror, betrayal, political intrigue and unthinkable choices
Robert Ludlum's the Bourne ascendancy : a new Jason Bourne novel
Strike back. Season four
State of emergency
Lady S. [Vol. 3] : Game of fools
The killing ground
The terrorism reader
Scarecrow returns
The panther
Robert Ludlum's the Janus Reprisal : a Covert-one novel
Looks at the extremist Sunni jihadist group and argues that they present a great danger to the United States and the world, looking at the origin of the group, its objectives, and its unlawful terrorist strategies.
Army of god : Joseph Kony's war in Central Africa
Lone-actor terrorists : a behavioural analysis
Hunt the jackal
The trigger : The hunt for Gavrilo Princip: The assassin who brought the World to War
Tom Clancys support and defend
Code Geass : Lelouch of the Rebellion. 6
The good terrorist
Contemporary debates on terrorism
Wolfhound century
Code Geass : Lelouch of the Rebellion. 8
Tom Clancy's rainbow six : Vegas 2 : PlayStation 3
Echo of the Reich
'The Attack' offers a timely and disturbing journey that illuminates the human cost of terrorism and deceit.
The islamic state of Iraq and Syria : the history of Isis/Isil
Code Geass : Lelouch of the Rebellion. 5
Insiders. Volume 1 : Chechen guerrilla
Black Lagoon. 005
Black Lagoon. 003
Illusions of terrorism and counter-terrorism
Black flags : the rise of ISIS
American tabloid
Black Lagoon. 002
Joining Al-Qaeda : Jihadist recruitment in Europe
Scorpia rising : Alex Rider
London is under siege. Nine men in suicide vests, primed to explode, hold hostages in nine different locations and are ready to die for their cause. Their mission - to force the Government to release jihadist prisoners from Belmarsh Prison. The deadline - 6pm. Today. But the bombers are cleanskins, terrorists with no obvious link to any group, and who do not appear on any anti-terror watch list. What has brought them together on this one day to act in this way? Mo Kamran is the Superintendent in charge of the Special Crime and Operations branch of the Met. As the disaster unfolds and the SAS, armed police, and other emergency services rush to the scenes, he is tasked with preventing the biggest terrorist outrage the capital has ever known. But nothing is what it seems. And only Kamran has the big picture. Will anyone believe him?
CrocAttack
Black Lagoon. 001
The third target
Lady S. [Vol. 4] : A mole in D.C
Myth of martyrdom : what really drives suicide bombers, rampage shooters, and other self-destructive killers
Toploader
The lost army of Cambyses
The music lesson
The making of a terrorist : recruitment, training, and root causes. Vol. 3, Root causes
The making of a terrorist : recruitment, training, and root causes. Vol. 1, Recruitment
In September 1984, a man calling himself Roy Walsh checked into The Grand Hotel in Brighton and planted a bomb in room 629. The device was primed to explode in twenty-four days, six hours and six minutes, when intelligence had confirmed that Margaret Thatcher and her whole cabinet would be staying in the hotel. Taking us inside one of the twentieth century..s.. most ambitious assassination attempts .. ..'making history personal', as one character puts it .. ..Lee..s.. novel moves between the luxurious hospitality of a British tourist town and the troubled city of Belfast, Northern Ireland, at the height of the armed struggle between the Irish Republican Army and those loyal to the UK government. Jonathan Lee has been described as ..a.. major new voice in British fiction' (Guardian) and here, in supple prose that makes room for laughter as well as tears, he offers a darkly intimate portrait of how the ordinary unfolds into tragedy.
Executive power
The attack
London bridges
Code Geass : Lelouch of the Rebellion. 3
Another time, another life : the story of a crime
Deadly heat
The rise of ISIS : a threat we can't ignore
The expendables 3
A fury for God : the Islamist attack on America
