http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21557 energy market
energy market
International bioenergy trade : scenario study on international biomass market in 2020
Regional Electricity Market Design
Russian and CIS gas markets and their impact on Europe
Toward a common European Union energy policy : problems, progress, and prospects
Customer benefits of demand-side management in the Nordic electricity market
Wind energy - the facts : a guide to the technology, economics and future of wind power
Economic perspectives and social acceptance of possible increase in the small scale hydropower plants in Finland
Law and policy of the European gas market
Distortion costs and effects of price liberalisation in Russian energy markets : a CGE analysis
Energy markets : price risk management and trading
Energy economics and financial markets
Energy, natural resources and environmental economics
Energy trading & investing : trading, risk management, and structuring deals in the energy markets
Developing a marketing plan for Germany : case Galaxo Ltd
The doomsday machine : the high price of nuclear energy, the world's most dangerous fuel
Business Prospects of Renewable Energy Adoption In West Africa (A Case Study of Nigeria)
Role of the European Court of Justice in the opening of energy markets
SME relevant sectors in the BSR : personnel and organisation for innovation, energy markets, construction industries
Domestic institutions and interest formation in international political economy : the internationalisation of the British natural gas policy 1982-2007 / Matti Färkkilä
Natural gas revolution and the Baltic Sea region
Introduction: the struggle for the global wind-power market -- From Maoism to Lear jets: turbine makers go global -- Big industry moves in -- China shakes the wind industry -- Emerging powers: India and Brazil -- The offshore frontier -- After Copenhagen: a perfect storm for turbine manufacturers -- Turbine manufacturers in trouble -- Challenges for the wind-turbine industry -- Conclusion: who will reap the wind?
Local energy : distributed generation of heat and power
Developing the global bioeconomy : technical, market, and environmental lessons from bioenergy
Building competitive gas markets in the EU : regulation, supply and demand
Iran's natural gas industry in the post-revolutionary period : optimism, scepticism, and potential
Market research on Led Products in Finland : Case: Z-Sen Automatic Electric Co. Ltd.
Europe's energy position : annual report
Households' willingness to engage in demand response in the Finnish retail electricity market : an empirical study
Do current electricity market designs ensure a sufficient electricity supply at all times? This topic is currently the subject of intense debate across Europe, and several major countries such as Germany, the UK, France and Italy have decided that additional measures - so-called capacity remuneration mechanisms - are needed to supplement current market designs. This report describes and analyses the advantages and disadvantages of a range of measures proposed or currently implemented across Europe, and includes both best estimates of how the implementation of these measures will impact Nordic electricity prices as well as recommendations to the Nordic countries regarding a cost-efficient path to ensuring the Nordic security of supply.
Renewable energy market-entry in developing economies : (case: Nigeria)
Interconnecting Europe : new perspectives for trans-European energy networks
Metso Power has always valued sustainability and green innovations. One of their newest products is a solution called biomass gasifier that is offering an alternative for burning coal in power generation. Although the company is familiar with the American energy field the launch of a new product raised questions. This thesis provides the company with a detailed look into the American energy market and its current situation combined with future projections. The results clearly indicate that within the predominant circumstances there is clearly an opportunity for Metso and its biomass gasifier application. However a major breakthrough is not likely at the moment since the United States as a country is currently under a transition phase. The economy is still faltering due to the meltdown of 2008 and the presidential election year will bring its own problems. Based on findings it is also safe to say that natural gas is the major energy force in the future and because it is extremely cheap competing directly with is not an option. Behind natural gas there is a void left behind by coal. Success is possible but only via precise strikes to carefully selected customer segments. The purpose of this project was not to invent the wheel. This thesis offers a business student's view into an otherwise technical subject. The information has been out there, but this is t he first attempt to gather it in the same place. Hopefully this thesis will act as manual not only to the energy market but also into the American economy in general.
Price fluctuations in the world oil markets : are the price anomalies in the oil markets cyclical in nature
China's energy relations with the developing world
Energy market liberalisation in the FSU : simulations with the GTAP model
Handbook on energy and climate change
Wind power supply to Phu Quoc island district, Kien Giang province, Vietnam
Oil, dollars, debt, and crises : the global curse of black gold
The energy market in Nigeria and business opportunities
Suomen tilastollinen vuosikirja 2005 = Statistisk årsbok för Finland 2005 = Statistical yearbook of Finland 2005.
Capacity market in Russia : addressing the energy trilemma
Regulating gas liberalization : a comparative study on unbundling and open access regimes in the US, Europe, Japan, South Korea, and Taiwan
Service interest and  cluster membership : who are the pioneering  users in energy efficiency  service markets?
Computational market dynamics simulations of the New Zealand electricity spot price
Launching the CFB gasifier in the United States : case of Metso Power
Price spike forecasting in a competitive day-ahead energy market
Renewable Energy Market Analysis in Nigeria
Dynamics of oil and electricity spot prices in ensemble stochastic models
Supplying small solar photovoltaic systems to Hanoi, Vietnam
Natural gas : fuel for the 21st century
The Russian gas matrix : how markets are driving change
In the age of globalization and internationalization it becomes more and more important for companies to enter new markets. Therefore, Finnish company Galaxo Ltd. located in Oulu, Finland intends to enter the German market and distribute its energy management system there. The purpose of this thesis was to prepare a marketing plan in order to provide useful information about the German market for the case company. Furthermore, there was a need for recommendations as the Finnish firm was not familiar with foreign markets, yet. The idea of this thesis topic was developed by the author with the support of Galaxo Ltd. Moreover, the first part of the marketing plan consists of analyses such as competitors’ analysis, stakeholder analysis, PESTEL analysis and SWOT analysis. These chapters are followed by marketing strategy which includes segmentation, targeting, positioning, mission statement and competitive strategy. Moreover, the company ́s objectives were outlined and the marketing mix, consisting of the 4 Ps: product, place, price, place and promotion, was suggested. The background knowledge for this thesis was provided by lectures of courses at Oulu University of Applied Sciences such as marketing, intercultural skills and international business strategy. Moreover, this basis was extended by books, articles and websites that offer in depth information regarding marketing issues as well as topics related to Germany. In addition, meetings with Hannes Huotari, CEO at Galaxo Ltd., and Anu Toljamo, sales manager at Galaxo Ltd., were organized. In addition, there was also e-mail contact with these representatives. Consequently, the case company was provided with the results of the marketing plan during the whole thesis process. The next step for Galaxo Ltd. is to apply the given information and recommendations and enter the German market. Therefore, the target group needs to become aware of the case company and their product Infochannel, which could be reached by implementing presentations and questionnaires for the potential customers, universities in the southern part of Germany.
Energy markets in the European Union in 2011
Marketing Strategic Choices for Wind Technology in China : case: Chinese Domestic Wind Technology Companies
Product development and international team management : case: European Project Semester, The Visual Demo Kit
Multifractality in Nordic electricity markets
Export pipelines from the CIS region : geopolitics, securitization, and political decision-making
Electricity shortage problems and prospect of wind turbines as an alternative energy solution in Karachi industrial areas
Renewable energy as strategic resource
Summary (s. 9-13).
Electricity markets : pricing, structures and economics
Evaluation of Franchising Business Model to Solar Energy Market in Vietnam
Forest products annual market review 2005-2006
Strategic market approach for entering the Indian solar water pump market : plan the marketing strategy for solar off-grid applications
The handbook of global energy policy
Regional energy initiatives : MedReg and the energy community
LNG markets in transition : the great reconfiguration
Business Opportunities of Solar Photovoltaic Home Systems in Vietnam : case study: FOSERA Co. Ltd.
How to succeed with a thousand TWH reform? : restructuring the Russian power sector
Wind power : the struggle for control of a new global industry
Managing energy price risk
Finnish economy : structural indicators 2008
States and markets in hydrocarbon sectors
Essays on globalization : policies in trade, development, resources and climate change
Global report : competitive energy & utilities marketing
Long-term gas agreements and security of supply - between law and politics
Financial aspects in energy : a European perspective
Energy economics : concepts, issues, markets and governance
The heat is on : the climate crisis, the cover-up, the prescription
Wood torrefaction : market prospects and integration with the forest and energy industry
Emissions trading : institutional design, decision making and corporate strategies
High reliability management : operating on the edge
Marketing Strategy in Terms of Promotion and Communication for Energy Drinks in Ghana. Case Company: Sinebrychoff Brewery.
Assessing a prospective landfill  gas to energy project in Agadir, Morocco
Cross-border transmission capacity development : experiences from the Nordic electricity markets
Providing renewable energy solutions in Ghana : Overview of the business  environment in Ghana regarding some selected renewable energy sources
Managing energy risk : an integrated view on power and other energy markets
Product development and international team managemen : case: European Project Semester, The Visual Demo Kit
Russian transition and oil price boom
Et effektivt kraftmarked : konsekvenser for kraftkrevende næringer og regioner
Hydrogen and fuel cells : a comprehensive guide
Potential for improving the use of associated petroleum gas in heat and power production in Russia
Medium-term renewable energy market report 2013 : market trends and projections to 2018.
Abstract (s. 5).
The economics of electricity markets : theory and policy
Planning and installing photovoltaic systems : a guide for installers, architects, and engineers
Impacts of capacity remunerative mechanisms on cross-border trade
Chinese energy markets : trading and risk management of commodities and renewables
Key to the Finnish forest industry
Empowering wind power : on social and institutional conditions affecting the performance of entrepreneurs in the wind power supply market in the Netherlands
Europe's long energy journey : towards an energy union?
Electricity market reform : an international perspective
Entry plan for a solar product manufacturing company : case  : Suntrica Limited and Ghana
Summary.
How to liberalize a thousand TWh market? : restructuring the Russian power sector
Developing a marketing plan for Germany : Case Galaxo Ltd.
Electricity market reform is currently an ongoing process in Russia, promoting competitive wholesale and retail sectors.The overall goal of the reform is to attract investments and to improve the efficiency of the Russian electricity industry.The growing economy is consuming more and more electricity and the old capacity is deteriorating.There have been electricity shortages already and more severe ones are forecasted to occur this winter.Russia needs to speed up the reform and continue the stable development of its economy in order to attract investments to the sector.This could improve the situation in the medium term, but in the short term significant progress can be achieved by improving the efficiency of the electricity sector.  Keywords: Russia, electricity, liberalisation .
Turkey's energy security vis-à-vis integration with the EU : a narrative policy analysis from the English school perspective
The third legislative package and ownership unbundling in the light of the European fundamental rights discourse
The pricing of internationally traded gas
Simulation process for wind power systems : Etha Ab case study for the Kalajoki-Raahe-Oulainen region with AWS openWind wind farm design software
Green brands on electricity market in Finland and Sweden
Electricity interconnectors in EU law: energy security, long term infrastructure contracts and competition law
EU Energy markets in 2014
Energy markets in the European Union in ..
TRENDS AND BUSINESS OPPORTUNITIES OF SOLAR ENERGY IN CHINA
Market Analysis of Environmentally Friendly Celulose Insulation Material in the Construction Business in Srinagar, India
Natural gas in Asia : the challenges of growth in China, India, Japan and Korea
The planet in 2050 : the Lund disourse of the future
European Union in a new security environment
The usage of energy trading and risk management system in oil trading
Vision for European electricity markets in 2030
IEA energy policies review : The European Union 2008
Regulation of electricity markets at the EU level
This book argues that further Europeanization of energy policy is needed; it will help increase continent-wide economies of scale, remove national distortions from the energy market and prevent some EU states free-riding on the emission reduction efforts of other states.
The political economy of pipelines : a century of comparative institutional development
Liquid biofuels : emergence, development and prospects
Natural gas markets in the Middle East and North Africa
Market entry plan for finnish solar energy technology : case: Suncol Oy & Germany
Capacity mechanisms in the EU energy market : law, policy, and economics
Marketing strategy for retailing small-scale wind energy turbines in Indian markets
Renewable electricity in Europe : current state, drivers, and scenarios for 2020
Peaking of world oil production : impacts, mitigation and risk management
Wood for bioenergy : forests as a resource for biomass and biofuels
Russian electricity sector / reform and prospects
Russia vs. the EU : the competition for influence in post-Soviet states
Market enty mode for solar and wind energy based on market analysis for prospective Finnish companies : target srea: Rawalpindi and Islamabad, Pakistan
The Status and Trends Of New Power Generation technology
Building a Collaborative Network for Smooth Market Penetration for Finnish Bioenergy Companies in Africa : Case: MHG Systems Oy/Feedstock Optimum Ltd
Liberalizing european energy markets : an economic analysis
Global connections : politics, exchange, and social life in world history. Volume II, since 1500
Energy use worldwide : a reference handbook
Namibia Country Analysis
The gas OPEC myth : international and domestic constraints for gas market collusion
