http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2150 implements
implements
Blood collection : a short course
Brush with watercolour : painting [landscapes] the easy way
The complete textbook of phlebotomy
The Usborne book of art ideas
A collection of papers from the 2014 biennial ATSR symposium investigating the uses of source material for historical research and the conservation of art today.
Enhancing innovative activities and tools for the manufacturing industry : illustrative and participative trials within work system cases
Complete artist's manual : the definitive guide to materials and techniques for painting and drawing
The surfing handbook : mastering the waves for beginning and amateur surfers
Motivation approaches in a Russian-owned and a foreign-owned company in Russia
The Usborne complete book of drawing
The mediaeval builder and his methods
The Russian financial markets are small for an economy the size of Russia, and in many respects underdeveloped. This restricts the Central Bank of Russia's scope for conducting monetary policy. In this paper we provide an overview of the Russian financial markets and the CBR's variegated collection of monetary policy tools and their effectiveness. The Russian monetary and exchange rate policy framework is currently in the process of change. During most of the 2000s, the CBR tightly steered the ruble's external value, which left little room for active monetary policy. After the 2008-2009 crisis, the bank began to loosen the reins of exchange rate management with the aim of moving gradually to a regime of inflation targeting. Since the monetary policy tools are still not highly effective, the big challenge for monetary authorities is improve the tools. Keywords: Russia, monetary policy, exchange rate policy .
The 'Complete Artist's Manual' covers all the elements of painting and drawing from materials to techniques, colour composition and media - the ultimate artist's bible. In addition, it contains a structured painting course with simple exercises developing into more advanced projects, with demonstrations by well-known practising artists who share their experience and expertise with the reader.
Basic photography
Snowboarding
The Role of Networking in Weekly Program Production : Case RTG Active
The car restorer's workshop companion ; The complete guide to techniques and tools for vehicle restoration and repair
Abstract.
Reader's Digest complete guide to cookery
Furniture makeovers : simple techniques for transforming furniture with paint, stains, paper, stencils, and more
The use of ICT in the teaching and learning process in secondary schools : a case study of two Cameroonian schools
The food substitutions bible : more than 6,500 substitutions for ingredients, equipment & techniques
Mountaineering : the essential skills for mountain walkers and climbers
Warping your loom & tying on new warps
Evaluation study of signal processing simulation tools SPW and CCSS
Urban cyclist
Competence transfer of DCA tool
The techniques of tablet weaving
Art and stained glass
Improving transport productivity in equipment rental business
Networking as a tool of brand management in international sporting goods business : Case: Exel Sports Oy.
The surfing handbook : The complete guide to mastering the waves
Adaptation and face and linguistic validation of the modified KWAZO and EATS- 2D instruments into Finnish circumstances
The new traditional woodworker : from tool set to skill set to mind set
The swing! : lose the fat and get fit with this revolutionary kettlebell program
Kettlebells : strength training for power & grace
The surfing handbook : the complete guide to mastering waves
The milking machine
Food preparation and cooking : levels 1 and 2
The Role of networking in weekly program producion : case Rtg active
No-time party cakes : simple to make - fun to decorate
Step-by-step artist's techniques
Procedures in phlebotomy
Assessment of policy measures to support Russia's real economy
Finishing kitchen planning guide
Taunton's complete illustrated guide to woodworking
Pathfinder : roleplaying game. Ultimate equipment
A management model for physical risks in the care work
Rack, rope and red-hot pincers : a history of torture and its instruments
Maintenance quotation process redesign of Wärtsilä France Marseilles
Assessment of the effect of an oscillating/rotating electric toothbrush on oral health : a 12-month longitudinal study
Set lighting technician's handbook : film lighting equipment, practice, and electrical distripution
The laboratory companion : a practical guide to materials, equipment, and technique
Integration of process knowledge into design support systems : proceedings of the 1999 CIRP International Design Seminar, University of Twente, Enschede, The Netherlands, 24-26 March 1999
Get in the best shape of your life! : a complete guide to kettlebell exercises and kettlebell training
Handbook on inclusive design of telematics applications
Fishing
Fundamentals of figure carving
Foodservice productivity and profit ideabook
Report of the Workshop on Standardization of Selectivity Methods Applied to Trawling in the Mediterranean Sea, Sète, France, 9-11 February 2005 = Rapport de L'Atelier sur la Standardization des Méthodes de Séctivité appliquées au Chalutage en Méditerranée, Sète, France, 9-11 février 2005.
User orientation through experience : a study of hobbyist knowing in product development
Smart teaching? : teachers' perspectives on interactive whiteboard technology in foreign language teaching
The Bar and Beverage Book : basics of profitable management
The ultimate hiker's gear guide : tools & techniques to hit the trail
Toys and children's furniture
Restaurant finance : a handbook for successful management and operations
Ice carving 101
Techniques of stained glass : leaded, faceted, & laminated glass
Russian trade of Urheilu & Kalastus Pallas products
The acrylics book : materials and techniques for today's artist
Ward's anaesthetic equipment
Phlebotomy : principles and practice
Mountaineering : the freedomof the hills
Playthings for play : ideas of criteria on children's playthings
Teaching generation text : using cell phones to enhance learning
ICT Tools and Group Dynamics : ICT Tools Enhancing the Communication in Intercultural Project Teams Alternatively Working in a Collocated and Virtual Context at the Forming and Storming Stages
Calibration software for laboratory instruments : requirements engineering
Snow boarding : make a perfect start
Needs Assessment on Assisted Living Facilities among Elderly Population
Me and MyCity as a teaching method
Power tools for woodcarving
The most effective communication channel to spread information in an organization
Steadicam : techniques & aesthetics
Notions : over 50 great gadgets you can't live without
Winding a warp & using a paddle
The encyclopedia of drawing techniques
The new catering repertoire : Vol. II
Design and layout of foodservice facilities
Phlebotomy technician specialist : a practical guide to phlebotomy
The Usborne book of art projects
Creating with stained glass : basic techniques for leaded and copper foil projects : step-by-step instructions
Ultimate snowboarding : the all-action guide to the world's most exciting sport
The Conran cookbook
A-Z of Facilities and property management
The illustrated guide to safe patient handling and movement
Essentials of anaesthetic equipment
Surfing : a beginner's guide
Underwater deployment method using a hull gateway
Mathematical tools in a digital world
How to rock climb!
Should customer voice be heard? : The acquisition and significance of customer information in new sports product development
Phlebotomy essentials
Success! in phlebotomy : a Q & A review
Planetary Landers and Entry Probes
The LEGO Animation Book : Make Your Own LEGO Movies!
Everyday wisdom : 1001 expert tips for hikers
DEVELOPMENT OF A CONSULTING TOOL BASED IN MARKETING THEORIES : Case Study: Trimedia's Steps
Sacred economics : money, gift, & society in the age of transition
Forest industry on the map of Finland
Market opportunities for fish farming cage frames in the Republic of Karelia
Phlebotomy simplified
Woodshop jigs & fixtures
Impact of the microstructure of precipitation and hydrometeors on multi-frequency radar observations
Artist's manual : the complete guide to painting & drawing materials and their use
Roles of non-face-to face- tools in interpersonal level tacit knowledge sharing
Developing in-store marketing concepts in the Finnish sporting goods industry : the manufacturer’s and the retailer’s perspective
The self-sufficient sailor
University Students Seeking Hormonal Emergency Contraception: Why Do They Not Want Pregnancy Now? When is it Suitable to Have Children?
Gemmological instruments : their use and principles of operation
Digital SLR photography all-in-one for dummies
Veterinary surgical instruments : an illustrated guide
The map of Finland would look quite different if the forest industry had not had such an important role in the Finnish national economy and society. The production of pulp, paper, sawn timber, plywood and furniture concentrated people in dozens of mill towns and industrial centres. The harvesting and transportation of roundwood, in turn, dispersed people in hundreds of rural villages in different parts of the country. Together these localities formed the settlement systems of the forest sector, in which each of the localities had a certain economic and productive role. During the first half of twentieth century this settlement system expanded with increasing production, but during the second half of the century both lumberman-smallholder villages and mill communities faced serious difficulties. The restructuring processes within the forest sector decreased jobs in forestry and industrial production, although the production volumes continued to increase. Both the growth periods and restructuring periods have created spatial inequalities between localities and regions within the settlement system of the forest sector.
Handbook of analytical instruments
A guide to wood microtomy : making quality microslides of wood sections
Basic illustrated cross-country skiing
Building systems for interior designers
Outdoor play spaces for children
The history of torture and execution
Woodwork now : the best of old and new methods
The history of torture
Tattooing A to Z : (a guide to successful tattooing)
Abrstract: Laboratories have multiple devices that require maintenance and calibration performed on a regular basis. There are several standards concerning calibration of these devices and calibration is a fundamental part of good laboratory practice. The objective of this thesis was to define the customer requirements for new laboratory instrument calibration software. The customer requirements were identified with a customer needs survey. The theoretical framework for this thesis is software requirements engi-neering, gathering and managing the requirements. After the identification of the customer needs they were converted in to the requirements for the software. The project is assigned by Sartorius Biohit Liquid Handling Oy. As the result of this project the customer requirements for new calibration software for la-boratory instruments were produced. These requirements can be used when requesting tenders and when creating technical requirements for the software.
Handbook of cosmetic science and technology
Golf : a celebration of 100 years of the rules of play
The plant disease clinic and field diagnosis of abiotic diseases
The artist's manual : equipment, materials, techniques
Creating a promotion plan and promotion package for Movemakers for the Swedish market
Needs assessment for assisted living facilities among elderly population
The story of electrical and magnetic measurements : from 500 BC to the 1940s
Climbing anchors : field guide
GroupWare and group decision support systems for wood procurement organisation : a review
Filmmaking for dummies
University students who sought hormonal emergency contraception (EC) in the Tampere Student Health Station during the period 1.9.2000-31.12.2001 received a questionnaire on their use of it. Of the total, 114 responded (67%). The aim of this study was to ascertain why the respondents did not want to get pregnant now and when it would be suitable for them to get children. Free answers to these questions were analysed using a collective consensus method. The main reasons for not wanting pregnancy now were un? nished studies and the non-steady character of the relationship. Almost all planned to become pregnant some day in the future when their life situation was appropriate, usually at the age of about 30 years.  .
Spiralize! : transform vegetables and fruits from ordinary to extraordinary
Langford's advanced photography : the guide for aspiring photographers
Modern snow and ice techniques
The complete guide to climbing and mountaineering
Climbing stronger, faster, healthier : beyond the basics
Confessions of a compact camera shooter : get digital slr quality photos with your compact camera
Free skiing : how to adapt to the mountain
Sources on art technology : back to basics : proceedings of the sixth symposium of the ICOM-CC Working Group for Art Technological Source Research, held at the Rijksmuseum, Amsterdam, 16-17 June 2014
Glassblowing : an introduction to solid and blown glass sculpturing
Defining business opportunities for Finnish dental equipment in Guangdong province
The technique of stained glass
Play yards, play things : 26 fully illustrated, step-by-step projects
Evaluation of industrial wireless communications systems’ security
Instrumentation for the operating room : a photographic manual
New educational media in action : case studies for planners. 1.
The purpose of this study was to increase the understanding of the dental equipment market in China and define potential business opportunities in the Guangdong province especially for Finnish investors. The research question was: how to define the potential business opportunity for investors of Finnish dental equipment in the Guangdong province. The objective of this study was to research who the potential customers for Finnish dental equipment are and what the potential customers' requirements and preferences are in Guangdong province. The underlying aim of the study was to provide useful information on the dental equipment market in the Guangdong province to Finnish investors, so that they could consider which segment should be targeted and whether or not to enter the specific market in the future. The conceptual framework for this study was based on the theories of the market environment, market segmentation and marketing mix by authors such as Kotler, Daniels and Jobber. Initially, the study was focused on exploring the current Chinese dental market by investigating the market environment and competition within the industry. Afterwards, business opportunities in the Guangdong province were defined by market segmentation and the marketing mix; moreover customers' requirements and preferences were studied. The deductive approach was used to carry out primary research. Quantitative research was conducted in this study to analyze the question of how to define business opportunity in Guangdong province by using a questionnaire. In addition, secondary research was used to observe the development of the current Chinese dental market. The secondary research revealed that oral diseases are still high in China, and with the improvement of people's living standard, the demand for oral treatment and service is becoming higher and higher. However, the competition in the Chinese dental market has become tougher in the past few years, since many foreign dental companies have entered the market. As a result, the findings of the primary research revealed that although the interest in the Finnish dental equipment is not exactly high in the Guangdong province, there are certain hospitals that showed an interest in any foreign dental equipment. In order to help Finnish investors to understand the dental market in the Guangdong province in detail, the segmentation of hospitals was presented at the end of the thesis. This provides suggestions on potential customers to target in the future.
Power tools for technical communication
Ergonomic aspects and productivity of different pruning tools for a first pruning lift of Eucalyptus grandis Hill ex Maiden
Factors affecting simulator-training effectiveness
Export and import of sporting goods
Going beyond loaning books to loaning technologies : a practical guide for librarians
Space vision - a method to measure the efficiency of various advertising elements
Creative close-ups
The spiralizer! cookbook : the new way to low-calorie and low-carb eating : how-to techniques and 80 deliciously healthy recipes : the ultimate guide to the newest kitchen appliance for preparing vegetables and fruits
Watercolor : fun and free
The care and maintenance of cyberweapons
The availability of assistive devices for people with disabilities : Survey in Namibia
Calibration Software for Laboratory Instruments : Requirements Engineering
The official CIA manual of trickery and deception
Food service planning : layout and equipment
Glencoe phlebotomy for health care personnel
Woodworking basics : the essential benchtop reference
Personalised assistive products : managing stigma and expressing the self
The mountain man's sketch book : Vol. 1
This paper presents the results of an analytical project on the methodology for assessing and monitoring anti-crisis measures taken by the government of the RF. The paper is based on an analysis of about 100 measures in support of Russia.s real economy that were initiated in October 2008 . March 2009. Within the scope of this analysis, we singled out the main beneficiaries by industry and the size of enterprise, and estimated the effects of the measures underway in the crisis phase and in the phase of a return to economic growth. The paper also gives an account of the major risks the Russian government will face in putting into practice the measures supporting the real economy, and reveals the key problems and inconsistencies of the anti-crisis program. Key words: Russia, anti-crisis measures, economic policy, state subsidies, fiscal policy..
Russian financial markets and monetary policy instruments
Historic fishing methods in American Samoa
SUBSTITUTION OF PLASTIC BAG BY JUTE BAG- CASE COMPANY REDQ : Support on Sustainable Environment
Low budget shooting : do it yourself solutions to professional photo gear
Painting digitally : with Photoshop's brush tool
Conceptualization of Trolley Service : Determine Nature and Quality of Trolley Service
Text entry by eye gaze
Catering handbook
The sketchbook challenge : techniques, prompts, and inspiration for achieving your creative goals
The factors affecting the use of contactless payments
Beginner's guide to traditional archery
Realization of Big Data Analytics Tool for optimization processes within the Finnish engineering company
The Wise fishermen's encyclopedia : an encyclopedic handbook for fishermen covering the game fish of the world and how to catch them
Calligraphy techniques : the essential step by step beginnerś guide to calligraphy
Introduction to foodservice
Electronic commerce : principles and practice
