http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p215 worldview
worldview
Dilthey's Philosophy of existence : introduction to Weltanschauungslehre
A survey of the mentality of Finnish merchant sailors at the turn of the century
You are the universe : discovering your cosmic self and why it matters
Why would anyone believe in God?
Pilgrim at Tinker Creek
RuneQuest. Sixth edition
The quest for meaning
The faith of William Shakespeare
"In this major new study, Prasenjit Duara expands his influential theoretical framework to present circulatory, transnational histories as an alternative to nationalist history. Duara argues that the present day is defined by the intersection of three global changes: the rise of non-western powers, the crisis of environmental sustainability and the loss of authoritative sources of what he terms transcendence - the ideals, principles and ethics once found in religions or political ideologies. The physical salvation of the world is becoming - and must become - the transcendent goal of our times, but this goal must transcend national sovereignty if it is to succeed. Duara suggests that a viable foundation for sustainability might be found in the traditions of Asia, which offer different ways of understanding the relationship between the personal, ecological and universal. These traditions must be understood through the ways they have circulated and converged with contemporary developments"--
Zero times infinity
The wisdom of the overself
Strong men in tough times
The global politics of celebrity humanitarianism
William Shakespeare stills stands head and shoulders above any other author in the English language, a position that is unlikely ever to change. Yet it is often said that we know very little about him – and that applies as much to what he believed as it does to the rest of his biography. Or does it? In this authoritative new study, Graham Holderness takes us through the context of Shakespeare’s life, times of religious and political turmoil, and looks at what we do know of Shakespeare the Anglican. But then he goes beyond that, and mines the plays themselves, not just for the words of the characters, but for the concepts, themes and language which Shakespeare was himself steeped in – the language of the Bible and the Book of Common Prayer. Considering particularly such plays as Richard ll, Henry V, The Merchant of Venice, Measure for Measure, Hamlet, Othello, The Tempest and The Winter’s Tale, Holderness shows how the ideas of Catholicism come up against those of Luther and Calvin; how Christianity was woven deep into Shakespeare’s psyche, and how he brought it again and again to his art.
Why politics needs religion : the place of religious arguments in the public square
Religion, world views and gender ideology
The immanence of the infinite : Hans Blumenberg and the threshold to modernity
thors subscribed to an emblematic worldview within the Classical discourse of nature as a book, ultimately supported by a framework of logocentrism and theism. Runeberg's discussion of words and things,and his use of the metaphor of light, places him within a mainstream nineteenth-century spirituality, which may be juxtaposed, in addition to general Romantic views, also with Swedenborgian sources.
"Chopsticks only work in pairs" : gender unity and gender equality among the Lahu of Southwest China
Inventing the universe : why we can't stop talking about science, faith and God
The age of genius : the seventeenth century and the birth of the modern mind
Predictors of Christian world views : an attachment theoretical approach
Signposts : policy and practice for teaching about religions and non-religious world views in intercultural education
Elements of world view conveyed by abc-books and first readers in different countries
Irreligion : a mathematician explains why the arguments for God just don't add up
Diltheyś philosophy of existence : introduction to Weltanschauungslehre
The celestine vision : living the new spiritual awareness
One morality - or multiple moralities? : religious ideology, conceptions of morality and rule systems of Finnish Evangelical Lutheran, Conservative Laestadian and nonreligious adolescents
The meaning of life among secondary school pupils : a theoretical framework and some initial results
"In this work of historical sociology, I explore various Asian social and cultural responses - actual and potential - to the unsustainable nature of global modernity as we have known it. While the period of this study covers the last hundred years or so, I range back in time to better understand these responses in our present moment that is characterized by three global changes: i)the rise of non-Western powers, ii); the loss of authoritative sources of transcendence (eg Marxism or religion) and iii) the looming crisis of planetary sustainability"--
The crisis of global modernity : Asian traditions and a sustainable future
First and last things
Man, science, technology : a marxist analysis of the scientific-technological revolution
Precious and the mystery of Meerkat Hill : a new case from Precious Ramotswe
Culture and customs of Nigeria
Multiethnic Korea? : multiculturalism, migration, and peoplehood diversity in contemporary South Korea
Time and polarity : the dimensional thinking of Karl Heim
Youth for Christ
Escape from freedom
A place for truth : leading thinkers explore life's hardest questions
Introducing existentialism
The spiritual revolution : why religion is giving way to spirituality
The explanation of ideology : family structures and social systems
The hero with a thousand faces
The systems view of life : a unifying vision
The rationality of theism
Man, science, technology : a Marxist analysis of the scientific-technological revolution
Since its founding at Harvard in 1992, The Veritas Forum has provided a place for the university world to explore the deepest questions of truth and life. Now gathered in one volume are some of The Veritas Forum's most notable presentations. Volume editor Dallas Willard introduces each presentation, highlighting its significance and putting it in context for us today. Also included are selected question and answer sessions with the speakers from the original forum experiences.
Precious and the monkeys : Precious Ramotswe's very first case
Chinese mythological Gods
Remarks on Swedenborgian elements in the literary production of Johan Ludvig Runeberg
America, awake
The good, the true and the beautiful : a quest for meaning
What we believe but cannot prove : today's leading thinkers on science in the age of certainty
Island in a strange sea : narrative prophecy
A force for good : the Dalai Lama's vision for our world
The organic worldview of Nikolai Leskov
D. H. Lawrence : a basic study of his ideas
Quotations from Jesus and his followers
How it is : the Native American philosophy of V.F. Cordova
Faith and will : voluntariness of faith in contemporary analytic theistic philosophy of religion
Worldview : the history of a concept
The kindness of enemies
The robots' rebellion : the story of the spiritual reneissance
Inventing the individual : the origins of Western liberalism
What happened to the European mind between 1605, when an audience watching Macbeth at the Globe might believe that regicide was such an aberration of the natural order that ghosts could burst from the ground, and 1649, when a large crowd, perhaps including some who had seen Macbeth forty-four years earlier, could stand and watch the execution of a king. In this turbulent period, science moved from the alchemy and astrology of John Dee to the painstaking observation and astronomy of Galileo, from the classicism of Aristotle, still favoured by the Church, to the evidence-based, collegiate investigation of Francis Bacon. And if the old ways still lingered and affected the new mind set - Descartes's dualism an attempt to square the new philosophy with religious belief; Newton, the man who understood gravity and the laws of motion, still fascinated to the end of his life by alchemy - by the end of that tumultuous century 'the greatest ever change in the mental outlook of humanity' had irrevocably taken place.
The 80/20 principle : the secret of achieving more with less
A clash of values
Scaling of optimism and pessimism about the global future
Handbook of the psychology of religion and spirituality
The new religion of life in everyday speech
"This comprehensive, up-to-date volume offers compelling concepts and evidence on a broad spectrum of topics. As a text, it would be ideal in graduate courses in psychology, religious studies, and public health. The coverage of links between spirituality, religion, and health and disease issues is especially exciting." - Carl E. Thoresen, PhD, Professor Emeritus of Education, Psychology and Psychiatry/Behavioral Sciences, Stanford University,USA "A vital contribution to a vibrant and growing field of study. Paloutzian and Park have once again organized leading scholars to provide the latest research findings across major areas of both historical and contemporary relevance. Those steeped in the field will appreciate the synthetic focus on key issues, the interdisciplinary sophistication, and the attention to diversity. Newcomers to the psychology of religion and spirituality will find the chapters accessible, with a helpful overview of each area. This is an excellent text for graduate courses and an essential resource for researchers." - Steven J. Sandage, PhD, Albert and Jesse Danielsen Professor of Psychology and Theology at Boston University and the Danielsen Institute, USA "Paloutzian and Park have done it again! This second edition matches the quality of its predecessor in providing a comprehensive review of current research. Chapters have been revised and others added that cast the net even farther over interdisciplinary and cross-cultural waters. Scholars and students will benefit greatly from having this valuable reference in hand; clinicians and those working in religious settings should not be without it." - W. Paul Williamson, PhD, Henderson State University, Arkansas, USA "The volume captures the intense fascination with religion and spirituality shared by authors from diverse psychological subdisciplines, as well as the complexity of the issues we face in creating a cohesive scientific agenda. The chapters are thoughtful, informed, and provocative, and they demonstrate how disciplinary perspectives shape definitions, what we search for, and what we find." - Susan Folkman, PhD, University of California, USA "The second edition of the Handbook brings this exciting, evolving field fully up to date, with chapters from a 'who's who' of leading scholars. All serious researchers, teachers, and clinicians who are engaged with the psychology of religion and spirituality must have this volume on their shelves. It also will be of great value as a graduate course text. I know my own copy will become well worn." - Thomas G. Plante, PhD, ABPP, Santa Clara University, USA
The passion of the Western mind : understanding the ideas that have shaped our world view
Precious and the mystery of Meerkat Hill
Foundations of culture : knowledge-construction, belief systems and worldview in their dynamic interplay
"Crudelitatis odio in crudelitatem ruitis" : Livy's concept of life and history
Depressive realism : interdisciplinary perspectives
Handbook of spirituality and worldview in clinical practice
In this book, that combines cutting edge science with real world applications, Chopra and Kafatos redefine our nature of reality and what is possible. Here they ask 9 questions: What Came Before the Big Bang? Why Does the Universe Fit Together So Perfectly? Where Did Time Come From? What Is the Universe Made Of? Is There Design in the Universe? Is the Quantum World Linked to Everyday Life? Do We Live in a Conscious Universe? How Did Life First Begin? Does the brain create the mind? You Are The Universe offers answers that open up new possibilities for all of us to lead more fruitful, peaceful and successful lives.
Volunteerism as a mirror of individuals and society : reflections from young adults in Finland
Education and work : the views of the young
Spook : science tackles the afterlife
To have or to be
Voodoo science : the road from foolishness to fraud
Irrational symmetries : the safest place in the world
Worldviews : crosscultural explorations of human beliefs
Naming the elephant : worldview as a concept
Einstein meets Magritte : an interdisciplinary reflection on science, nature, art, human action and society. Vol. 4, World views and the problem of synthesis : the yellow book of "Einstein meets Magritte"
The Chinese view of life : the philosophy of comprehensive harmony
Worldview in counselling : school counsellor students' experiences of approaching worldview.
Universalism against particularism : Kettil Bruun  and the ideological background of the Total  Consumption Model
The structure of Marx's world-view
The sacred : ways of knowledge, sources of life
The quest of the overself
The will to believe and other essays in popular philosophy ; Human immortality : two supposed objections to the doctrine
You are the Universe : discovering your cosmic self and why it matters
How to be an agnostic
The true deceiver : a novel
Utopianism : a very short introduction
Burning to read : English fundamentalism and its Reformation opponents
Emerging non-religious worldview prototypes : a faith Q-sort-study on Finnish group-affiliates
An intellectual in public
The Romantic Movement
The complete works of Aristotle : the revised Oxford translation. Vol. 2
But is it science? : the philosophical question in the creation-evaluation controversy
From victory to victory
Assumptions that affect our lives
The God delusion
America's perceptions of Europe
"In this book, that combines cutting edge science with real world applications, Chopra and Kafatos redefine our nature of reality and what is possible. Here they ask 9 questions : What Came Before the Big Bang? Why Does the Universe Fit Together So Perfectly? Where Did Time Come From? What Is the Universe Made Of? Is There Design in the Universe? Is the Quantum World Linked to Everyday Life? Do We Live in a Conscious Universe? How Did Life First Begin? Does the brain create the mind? You Are The Universe offers answers that open up new possibilities for all of us to lead more fruitful, peaceful and successful lives."
Waking up : a guide to spirituality without religion
Hagakure : the book of the samurai
"A collection of essays on ethnic and cultural diversity in the Korean peninsula, focusing on South Korea, including monoethnic, nationalist ideology and multiculturalism as ideology and practice, the history of migration and diaspora, transnational adoption, and interracial and interethnic relations" --Provided by publisher.
Beginning with ourselves in practice, theory, and human affairs
Life on board the last windjammers : [Summary]
Captain Fantastic
The New Age movement and the biblical worldview : conflict and dialogue
New perspectives in cultural anthropology
Eastern ways to the center : an introduction to the religions of Asia
Life driven purpose : how an atheist finds meaning
Beyond the barricades : the sixties generation grows up
The science of pleasure : cosmos and psyche in the bourgeois world view
The way of the ascetics
