http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21501 big bang
big bang
Big bang : the most important scientific discovery of all the time and why you need to know about it
Blasphemy
About time : from sun dials to quantum clocks, how the cosmos shapes our lives - and we shape the cosmos
Universal : a guide to the cosmos
Ten billion days & one hundred billion nights
Universal brings back together the bestselling authors of The Quantum Universe to show that by asking questions about the world around us, everyone can think like a physicist and grasp the grandeur of our cosmos. Physics is about asking questions. But what are good questions? How do we understand the fundamental forces of the Universe and its remarkable uniformity? From what fridges tell us about the direction of events unfolding, to how magnets reveal spacetime, and how we know the age of things from the Atlantic Ocean, to the Earth, the Sun and the galaxies, Universal is the story of simple questions with sublime answers.
The unknown universe in 10 chapters
A time traveller's guide to life, the universe & everything
A brief history of time : from the big bang to the black hole
Why does the world exist? : an existential detective story
George and the big bang
See inside the universe
Inventing the universe : Plato's Timaeus the big bang and the problem of scientific knowledge
Origins : the scientific story of creation
Our mathematical universe : my quest for the ultimate nature of reality
How to build a universe : from the big bang to the end of the universe
The changing universe : Big Bang and after
Beware invisible cows : my search for the soul of the Universe
Bang! : the complete history of the universe
Beware invisible cows : my search for the soul of the universe
A brief history of time
Echo of the big bang
Impacts of Persian civilization on our world
A universe from nothing : why there is something rather than nothing
A brief history of time : from the big bang to black holes
What on earth happened? ... in brief : the planet, life and people from the big bang to the present day
A brief history of time:  from the big bang to black holes
Wonders of the universe
Spooky action at a distance : the phenomenon that reimagines space and time and what it means for black holes, the big bang and theories of everything
The never-ending days of being dead : dispatches from the frontline of science
Endless universe : beyond the Big Bang
Aspects of spectator fields in post-inflationary resonant particle production
What on earth happened? : the planet, life and people from the Big Bang to the present day
The unknown universe : in 10 chapters
The universe in your hand : a journey through space, time and beyond
A brief history of time : the twentieth anniversary edition of the world's bestselling science book
Heart of darkness : unraveling the mysteries of the invisible universe
The greatest intergalactic guide to space ever by the brainwaves
See inside space
Discovering postmodern cosmology : discoveries in dark matter, cosmic web, big bang, inflation, cosmic rays, dark energy, accelerating cosmos
