http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21515 canonisation
canonisation
Cult, community, identity
Jane's fame : how Jane Austen conquered the world
Enlightener of Rusʹ : the image of Vladimir Sviatoslavich across the centuries
Fengshen yanyi = Creation of the gods. I
Saints and sanctity today
In this sweeping narrative, Michael Satlow tells the fascinating story of how an ancient collection of obscure Israelite writings became the founding texts of both Judaism and Christianity, considered holy by followers of each faith. Drawing on cutting-edge historical and archeological research, he traces the story of how, when, and why Jews and Christians gradually granted authority to texts that had long lay dormant in a dusty temple archive. The Bible, Satlow maintains, was not the consecrated book it is now until quite late in its history. He describes how elite scribes in the eighth and seventh centuries B.C.E. began the process that led to the creation of several of our biblical texts. It was not until these were translated into Greek in Egypt in the second century B.C.E., however, that some Jews began to see them as culturally authoritative, comparable to Homer's works in contemporary Greek society. Then, in the first century B.C.E. in Israel, political machinations resulted in the Sadducees assigning legal power to the writings. We see how the world Jesus was born into was largely biblically illiterate and how he knew very little about the texts upon which his apostles would base his spiritual leadership. Synthesizing an enormous body of scholarly work, Satlow's groundbreaking study offers provocative new assertions about commonly accepted interpretations of biblical history as well as a unique window into how two of the world's great faiths came into being.
The life and afterlife of St. Elizabeth of Hungary : testimony from her canonization hearings
Fengshen yanyi = Creation of the gods. III
Certain sainthood : canonization and the origins of papal infallibility in the medieval church
How the Bible became holy
Sainthood in the later Middle Ages
Gender, miracles, and daily life : the evidence of fourteenth-century canonization processes
Medical miracles : doctors, saints, and healing in the modern world
Padre Pio : miracles and politics in a secular age
Who chose the Gospels? : probing the great Gospel conspiracy
Language, canonization and holy foolishness : studies in Postsoviet Russian culture and the orthodox tradition
This work is a study and translation of the testimony given by witnesses at the canonization hearings of St. Elizabeth, who died at age twenty-four in 1231.
Northern Byzantine icons
The voice, the word, the books : the sacred scripture of the Jews, Christians, and Muslims
Disability and social integration : constructions of childhood impairments in thirteenth- and fourteenth-century canonisation processes
Gender and spheres of interaction : devotional practices in fourteenth-century canonisation processes
The canonization of al-Bukhārī and Muslim : the formation and function of the Sunnī ḥadīth canon
Concilium has long been a household-name for cutting-edge critical and constructive theological thinking. Past contributors include leading Catholic scholars such as Hans Küng, Gregory Baum and Edward Schillebeeckx, and the editors of the review belong to the international "who's who" in the world of contemporary theology. Published five times a year, each issue reflects a deep knowledge and scholarship presented in a highly readable style, and each issue offers a wide variety of viewpoints from leading thinkers from all over the world.
Fengshen yanyi = Creation of the gods. II
The making of Saint Louis : kingship, sanctity, and crusade in the later Middle Ages
Contested canonizations : the last medieval saints, 1482-1523
Fengshen yanyi = Creation of the gods. IV
