http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2152 geographic information
geographic information
Integration of geographic information systems and remote sensing
Developing service supply chains by using agent based simulation
Influence of clear-cutting on the risk of wind damage at forest edges : a GIS-based integrated models approach
The use of ArcPad and ArcGIS in forest management
Statistical analysis of spatial and spatio-temporal point patterns
Progress and new trends in 3D geoinformation sciences
Multiple use of forests and other natural resources : aspects of theory and application
Airborne and spaceborne lasers for terrestrial geophysical sensing : proceedings of SPIE conference 14-15 January 1988 Los Angeles, California
GIS based chemical fate modeling : principles and applications
Geographic information systems and science
GIS for dummies
Defining critical information requirements and quality in cooperative disasters management
Advances in spatio-temporal analysis
Geographical information systems and spatial optimization
Environmental GIS in the management of visitor flows
Enhanced processing of SPOT multispectral satellite imagery for environmental monitoring and modelling
Accompanying CD-RM contains Machine learning office software, MLO guide (pdf) and examples of data.
"This book covers the integration of chemical fate modeling for use in Geographic Information System (GIS) functions. It features a practical and hands-on approach that's intended for modelers preparing maps of chemical emissions, and creating landscape and climate properties within a GIS, while chemical fate calculations are performed using specialized model codes. A relevant part of the book also discusses data retrieval and processing as a basis for modeling. As such, the book offers a one-stop reference for practitioners who wish to integrate GIS with chemical modeling"--
Environmental modelling : finding simplicity in complexity
Recent developments in spatial methods and data in biogeographical distribution modelling - advantages and pitfalls
Handbook of research methods and applications in spatially integrated social science
Algorithmic foundation of multi-scale spatial representation
ScanGIS'2007 : proceedings of the 11th Scandinavian Research Conference on Geographical Information Systems, 5th-7th September 2007, Ås, Norway
Business model viability of Galileo Commercial Service
Geographic information analysis
Machine learning for spatial environmental data : theory, applications and software
Network landscapes ..
Developing a business information system : case: Work practice placement management tool for Oulu Vocational College, Department of Social and Health Care, Kontinkangas Unit
The ESRI guide to GIS analysis. Vol. 2 : Spatial measurements & statistics
Improving accessibility for pedestrians with geographic information
Aspects of modelling geographic information in geodesy and geodynamics
Computational methods in supporting spatial decision making : case studies on vulnerability analysis of critical infrastructure and utilisation of population information
Processing, analysis and recommendation of location data
Identification of the location based service concept and the key players of the market
Automated control of compliance with production standards in precision agriculture
Uncertainty modelling and quality control for spatial data
The future of our spatial experience : brAInfu.cc
Environmental impact assessment methodologies
Adjustment computations : spatial data analysis
Issues and perspectives in landscape ecology
Geography has a long tradition in studies of geographical distribution of flora and fauna. Detailed mappings of the distributions of biota over wide regions can produce highly valuable biogeographical data, but are extremely laborious. These challenges in biogeographical mapping, as well as the need for mitigation tools for the adverse impacts of human disturbance on the landscape and biodiversity, have stimulated the development of new approaches for assessing biogeographical patterns. Particularly, the ability to model distribution patterns of organisms and habitat types has recently increased along with the theoretical and methodological development of biogeography and spatial ecology, and modern spatial techniques and extensive data sets (provided e.g., by earth observation techniques). However, geographical data have characteristics which produce statistical problems and uncertainties in these modelling studies: 1) the data are almost always multivariate and intercorrelated, 2) the data are often spatially autocorrelated, and 3) biogeographical distribution patterns are affected by different factors operating on different spatial and temporal scales. Especially remote sensing and geographic information data provide powerful means for studies of environmental change, but also include pitfalls and may generate biased results. Quantitative analysis and modelling with correct and strict use of spatial statistics should also receive more attention. The issues discussed in this paper can have relevance in several fields of application of geographical data.
Thematic cartography and transformations
Modelling of vegetative filter strips in catchment scale erosin control
Written by a prominent statistician and author, the first edition of this bestseller broke new ground in the then emerging subject of spatial statistics with its coverage of spatial point patterns. Retaining all the material from the second edition and adding substantial new material, Statistical Analysis of Spatial and Spatio-Temporal Point Patterns, Third Edition presents models and statistical methods for analyzing spatially referenced point process data. Reflected in the title, this third edition now covers spatio-temporal point patterns. It explores the methodological developments from the last decade along with diverse applications that use spatio-temporally indexed data. Practical examples illustrate how the methods are applied to analyze spatial data in the life sciences. This edition also incorporates the use of R through several packages dedicated to the analysis of spatial point process data. Sample R code and data sets are available on the author's website --
The role of ICT and high-growth firms : micro-level evidence on job creation and productivity growth
A geospatial approach to assessing the synergies of agriculture-based poverty alleviation programmes : ADRA's programme in the Ga West district of Ghana
Applied geostatistics with SGeMS : a user's guide
Location-based web search and mobile applications
Distribution, characteristics and potential of biomass-dense thinning forests in Sweden
Cognitive and linguistic aspects of geographic space : new perspectives on geographic information research
Positioning in wireless networks : non-cooperative and cooperative algorithms
Spatial analysis along networks : statistical and computational methods
Manual of remote sensing. Vol. 1, Theory, instruments and techniques
GIS-based approach for optimization of onshore wind park infrastructure alignment in Finland
Geographic data mining and knowledge discovery
The identification of ultrasonic reflections with the use of cascaded automata
Generalisation of geographic information : cartographic modelling and applications
Geoinformation for European-wide integration : proceedings of The 22nd Symposium of the European Association of Remote Sensing Laboratories, Prague, Czech Republic, 4-6 June 2002
Spatial analysis of geographical data : Geoinformatics (133238) course guide : autumn 2007
The customer of this project is Planora Ltd, which is primarily an energy planning company with knowledge and experience in the entire energy field, including industrial planning, project management and consulting activities. The aim of this thesis is to compare programs for designing district heating networks, GIS Zulu and Termis. The particular aim is to perform the hydraulic calculations of Prääsä district heating network in GIS Zulu and Termis and then to compare the results and process of calculations. The research is carried out with taking into account the requirements for designing district heating networks and software used in the territory of Russia. The comparative analysis presents the features and possibilities of GIS Zulu and Termis. This thesis introduces the GIS Zulu program to Planora Ltd in comparison with Termis currently used in the customer company. Also, the thesis might be used by companies that want to use their programs in the Russian market, as the thesis contains the requirements for software.
Geographical perspectives on the development of power distribution systems in sparsely populated areas
Innovative software development in GIS
Spatial data analysis : an introduction for GIS users
Getting to know ArcGIS desktop : basics of ArcView, ArcEditor, and ArcInfo
Location based guide application for Windows Phone 7
Handbook of applied spatial analysis ; software tools, methods and applications
Pupil-related psychosocial factors, school setting, and teacher sick leave : a collaborative data study
Constructing and examining location-based applications and their user interfaces by applying rapid software development and structural analysis
Manual of remote sensing. Vol. 2, Interpretation and applications
Management of multi-scale forest resource data over time
Space and time : which diachronies, which synchronies, which scales? [and] Typology vs. technology
"Preface Geographical Information Systems (GIS) are becoming extremely important in various decision making processes. They provide an opportunity to make educated and profitable decisions. The trend is growing considerably, and GIS data is being used in complex decision-making. As such, it is essential to not only explore spatial data, but to also generate the best solution. The integration of GIS and optimization system is desirable for tackling such problems. This integration can be applied to numerous fields, such as hydrology and water resources, environment and ecology, waste management and urban planning, and routing problems. This book deals with the basic concepts of GIS and optimization. It provides an overview of various integration protocols that are termed as GIS-O integration strategies applied to practical applications. An integration approach for the vehicle routing problem with resource and distance requirements is developed and approved by numerical results. This book will be useful for researchers, decision makers, and practitioners who try to implement upgraded systems that derive benefits of both the GIS and the optimization"--
Spatial analysis : modelling in a GIS environment
Where the ghosts walk : the gazetteer of haunted Britain
Remote sensing of leaf area index : enhanced retrieval from close-range and remotely sensed optical observations
Progress in geospatial analysis
Report of the Technical Consultation on the Suitability of the Cites Criteria for Listing Commercially Exploited Aquatic Species : Rome, 28-30 June 2000 = Rapport de la Consultation technique sur la pertinence des critères d'établissement de la liste des espèces aquatiques faisant l'objet d'une exploitation commerciale au titre de la cites Rome, 28-30 juin 2000 = Informe de la Consulta técnica sobre la idoneidad de los criterios de la cites para la lista de especies acuáticas explotadas comercialmente Roma, 28-30 de junio de 2000.
The Early Iron Age in South Scandinavia : social order in settlement and landscape
Spatial analysis : statistics, visualization, and computational methods
Rewards as extrinsic motivator for geosocial networking
Local models for spatial analysis
National geographic information strategy 2005-2010
Modeling social phenomena in spatial context
"The book provides the fundamental knowledge necessary for the application of GIS in solving chemical fate modeling problems"--
Data mining for geoinformatics
Elevator Car Door Zone Positioning System
Search in the labour markets : empirical evidence of the role of technology and sanctions
Geographical information and climatology
Principle and application progress in location-based services
Scale in spatial information and analysis
Advances in photogrammetry, remote sensing, and spatial information : 2008 ISPRS congress book
Social networks for volunteered geographic information : a case study of OpenStreetMap
Spatial multicriteria decision analysis for the siting of on-shore wind power in Kemiönsaari
This thesis examined hydrological processes such as snowmelt and groundwater discharge in drained peatland areas in the boreal zone. The studied processes were measured in situ using environmental tracers. Further, performance of a treatment wetland was studied during snowmelt and high flow. A GIS model was developed to estimate groundwater seepage areas in peatland systems surrounding eskers.It was found that soil frost had a clear impact on water quality during snowmelt. This was evident as lower suspended sediments, water colour and dissolved organic carbon concentrations, among other changes. The treatment wetland was found to reduce the suspended solids load during the snowmelt period and late autumn, while reductions in phosphorus and nitrogen loads occurred during summer. A sampling algorithm was built to test how different sampling frequencies affected the estimation of suspended solid loads from the constructed wetland. The results showed increasing uncertainty for sparser sampling (from weekly to monthly sampling), but the uncertainty remained high even at weekly sampling. The GIS model was tested on two eskers and shown to give a fair estimate of groundwater discharge locations. It can thus be used for improving aquifer protection in boreal eskers related to the drainage networks surrounding them. However, to be applied more widely, further efforts are required.The findings in this thesis could be used to develop better water management policies for peat extraction areas, or other industries operating in similar soils and climate. For example, meltwater could be allowed to temporarily bypass treatment facilities in areas with deep soil frost penetration. The wetland study showed that peatland-based wetlands are a suitable approach for improving water treatment performance even under variable hydraulic loads. The uncertainty in the estimated load from a small peat extraction catchment was high, which might limit the use of such data for some purposes. Load estimation methods using the concentration data collected during previous years might be able to reduce the uncertainty, but if the uncertainty needs to be lowered substantially use of sensor technology might be the only viable approach.
Shaping places online : exploring the potential of the Internet for public engagement in spatial local governance
Exploring spatial scale in geography
Geographic personal data, its privacy protection and prospects in a location-based service environment
Participatory mapping and geographical patterns of the social landscape values of rural communities in Zanzibar, Tanzania
Advanced location-based technologies and services
Bayesian latent Gaussian spatio-temporal models
Spatial distribution of water use by eucalyptus plantations in a small catchment in Guangxi, South China : a modelling and GIS approach
Intelligent positioning : GIS-GPS unification
The European information society : taking geoinformation science one step further
Mobility data : modeling, management, and understanding
On the future of topographic base information management in Finland and Europe
Elimination of doubt : methods for a predictive design to direct and optimize the flow of visitors
The SAGE handbook of spatial analysis
Integrated planning and management in the Baltic Sea Region : a GIS-model elaborated in Gotland
Development and evaluation of the location-aware platform : main characteristics in adaptable location-aware systems
Resource management information systems : remote sensing, GIS and modelling
Exploring learning on the workplace  : Case study of the evaluation and analysis of learning effects, using PLS Basic Training at Daimler as an example.
Georeferenced data as a tool for monitoring the concentration of population in Finland in 1970-1998
Understanding the characteristics of unutilized biomass resources, such as small-diameter trees from biomass-dense thinning forests (BDTF) (non-commercially-thinned forests), can provide important information for developing a bio-based economy. The aim of this study was to describe the areal distribution, characteristics (biomass of growing stock, tree height, etc.) and harvesting potential of BDTF in Sweden. A national forest inventory plot dataset was imported into a geographical information system and plots containing BDTF were selected by applying increasingly stringent constraints. Results show that, depending on the constraints applied, BDTF covers 9-44% (2.1-9.8 M ha) of the productive forest land area, and contains 7-34% of the total growing stock (119-564 M OD t), with an average biomass density of 57 OD t ha-1. Of the total BDTF area, 65% is located in northern Sweden and 2% corresponds to set-aside farmlands. Comparisons with a study from 2008 indicate that BDTF area has increased by at least 4% (about 102 000 ha), in line with general trends for Sweden and Europe. Analyses revealed that the technical harvesting potential of delimbed stemwood (over bark, including tops) from BDTF ranges from 3.0 to 6.1 M OD t yr-1 (7.5 to 15.1 M m3 yr-1), while the potential of whole-tree harvesting ranges from 4.3 to 8.7 M OD t yr-1 (10.2 to 20.6 M m3 yr-1) depending on the scenario considered. However, further technological developments of the harvest and supply systems are needed to utilize the full potential of BDTF..
Spatio-temporal design : advances in efficient data acquisition
Dependability aspects in the development and provision of location-based services
ArcGIS 9 : using ArcGIS Tracking Analyst
African water resource database : GIS-based tools for inland aquatic resource management. 2, Technical manual and workbook
Studies in applied geography and spatial analysis : addressing real world issues
Runoff generation and load estimation in drained peatland areas
Geographic indexing and data management for 3D-visualisation
Google Earth for dummies
Studying habitat use and behavior of moose (Alces alces) by integrating airborne laser scanning and GPS tracking
From multidimensional and multi-scale data integration to uncertainties in spatial data mining, this book launches into areas that are rarely addressed. Topics covered include: -- New developments of uncertainty modelling, quality control of spatial data, and related research issues in spatial analysis -- Spatial statistical solutions in spatial data quality -- Eliminating systematic error in the analytical results of GIS applications -- A data quality perspective for GIS function workflow design -- Data quality in multi-dimensional integration -- Research challenges on data quality in the integration and analysis of data from multiple sources -- A new approach for imprecision management in the qualitative data warehouse -- A multi-dimensional quality assessment of photogrammetric and LiDAR datasets based on a vector approach -- An analysis on the uncertainty of multi-scale representation for street-block settlement.
Geospatial algebraic computations : theory and applications
Geographical information systems and science
The Esri guide to GIS analysis. Vol. 3, Modeling suitability, movement, and interaction
Recent advances in remote sensing and geoinformation processing for land degradation assessment
Creating student internship database for Laurea University of Applied Sciences
Open source GIS : a GRASS GIS approach
Frontiers of geographic information technology
Imaging radar for resources surveys
Spatial point patterns : methodology and applications with R
Clean mobility and intelligent transport systems
Modelling ecological values in heterogenous and dynamic landscapes with geospatial data
Spatial context : an introduction to fundamental computer algorithms for spatial analysis
A Python primer for ArcGIS
Learning QGIS : latest guide to using QGIS 2.14 to create great maps and perform geoprocessing tasks with ease
Recognizing risks of satellite-based tracking
Spatial resilience in social-ecological systems
Geodesign by Integrating Design and Geospatial Sciences
Cartographies of disease : maps, mapping, and medicine
Experiencing and evaluating digital augmentation of public urban places
Mapping our world : GIS lessons for educators
Semantic place recognition for context aware services
Advances in mobile mapping technology
Geographic information systems demystified
Tags and tagging : creating meanings, organizing, and socializing with metadata : report on the <täky> project
The handbook of geographic information science
Evaluation and improvements of contour-based accessibility measures
GIS, spatial analysis, and modeling
Abstract: Elevator Car Door Zone Positioning System.
Analysing spatial accessibility patterns with travel time and distance measures : novel approaches for rural and urban contexts
GIS tutorial for health
Recent developments in spatial analysis : spatial statistics, behavioural modelling, and computational intelligence
Community inhabitants' values and benefits in dynamic tropical forest landscapes : participation and spatial analysis in landscape knowledge integration
Landscape ecology and geographic information systems
Comparison of programs for designing district heating networks : comparative analysis of GIS Zulu and Termis
How location-based social network applications are being used
Geographically weighted regression : the analysis of spatially varying relationships
Statistical analysis and modelling of spatial point patterns
Google web toolkit as modern ajax framework for development of rias.
Changes in the distribution of population in Finland over the period 1970-1998 are examined in terms of a co-ordinate system of 1 x 1 km grid cells. The results indicate that this system provides suitable areal units for a variety of statistical and GIS methods aimed at describing and explaining the spatial distribution of population. The system is capable of yielding more detailed information than heretofore on topics such as the concentration of population in the urban centres of Finland - a process that has been going on since the beginning of the last century, but has slowed down noticeably in the recent years.
Local and regional scale determinants of biodiversity patterns in boreal agricultural landscapes
3rd Agile Conference on Geographic Information Science : Hanasaari Conference Centre, Helsinki/Espoo, May 25-27, 2000.
GIS guide to good practice
People attach commonly approved social values subjectively to landscape. These values vary spatially and can be studied in geographical context. In sustainable management of cultural landscapes, social values should be taken into account as professionally as the analysis of physical landscape features. This case study applies participatory and GIS techniques in the mapping and geographical analysis of social landscape values in a multifunctional cultural landscape in Zanzibar island, Tanzania. Social landscape data were collected with single-informant interviews using participatory GIS (PGIS) techniques. Four different social landscape values (subsistence, traditional, aesthetic and leisure) were mapped on an orthophotoimage individually by 149 informants. Data were spatially and statistically analysed to construct understanding of the community level patterns of the social landscape values. Results show geographical differences between individually and collectively held values in their distribution and clustering across the landscape. These patterns reflect local culture and its interpretation of different social landscape values. Results address the importance of local stakeholder participation when spatial planning and management of multifunctional cultural landscapes are realized. The paper discusses these management implication and methodological challenges of using participatory GIS techniques in studying cultural landscapes.
African water resource database : GIS-based tools for inland aquatic resource management. 1, Concepts and application case studies
Customizing a maturity model for the evaluation of the development of shared situational awareness and the utilization of spatial information
Representing, modeling, and visualizing the natural environment
Encyclopedia of geographic information science
Decision support system for agricultural land use and fertilisation optimisation : a case study on barley production in Estonia
Web and wireless geographical information systems : 7th international symposium, W2GIS 2007, Cardiff, UK, November 28-29, 2007. proceedings
A time and place for everything? : social visualisation tools and critical literacies
Spatial data modelling for 3D GIS
Location based mobile commerce sysstem with personalisation
Fuzzy surfaces in GIS and geographical analysis : theory, analytical methods, algorithms, and applications
Position dependent information system in a wireless information device
Interaction and visualization methods in teaching spatial algorithms and analyzing spatial data
Non-standard spatial statistics and spatial econometrics
Forest ecosystems : analysis at multiple scales
Patterns of aquatic macrophytes in the boreal region : implications for spatial scale issues and ecological assessment
Karelia : a place of memories and utopias
Spatial data on the Web : modeling and management
Developing and comparing methods for mapping habitat types and conservation values using remote sensing data and GIS methods
Open source approaches in spatial data handling
The availability of spatial and environmental data in the European Union : at the crossroads between public and economic interests
Google Earth Outreach And Activism
Geostatistical prediction of clay percentage based on soil survey data
Lahti as an urban laboratory for sustainable environment
Development and evaluation of the location-aware platform:main characteristics in adaptable location-aware systems
Using locational data from mobile phones in development aid projects : a case study
Spatial statistics in GIS applications : written reports produced by the students of postgraduate course on geoinformatics in 1997
"Since the publication of the first edition in 2004, advances in mobile devices, positioning sensors, WiFi fingerprinting, and wireless communications, among others, have paved the way for developing new and advanced location-based services (LBSs). This second edition provides up-to-date information on LBSs, including WiFi fingerprinting, mobile computing, geospatial clouds, geospatial data mining, location privacy, and location-based social networking. It also includes new chapters on application areas such as LBSs for public health, indoor navigation, and advertising. In addition, the chapter on remote sensing has been revised to address advancements"--
The potential of location intelligence solutions in Finland : towards combining geographical information system and business intelligence
