http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21567 extraterrestrial life
extraterrestrial life
Half way home
We are not alone : why we have already found extraterrestrial life
Prophet. 1 : Remission
Foundation and Earth
The infinite sea
The thing itself
CETI revisited : should we send radio messages to faraway galaxies?
The allies of humanity. Book one : an urgent message
The price of ransom
In linguistics, one of the main areas of modern research involves the capabilities and possibilities of there being a "lingua cosmica," a LINCOS, a universal language that could be used to communicate with non-human intelligences. This book, touches on the area of the development and use of a "lingua universalis" for interstellar communication, but it also presents concepts that cover a broad area of linguistics. Chomsky's paradigm on universal properties of natural languages, for a long time a leading general theory of natural languages, includes the strong assumption that humans are born with some kind of universals stored in their brains. Are there universals of this kind of language used by intelligent beings and societies elsewhere in the universe? We do not know whether such languages exist. It seems to be impossible to determine, simply because the universe is too large for an exhaustive search. Even verification will be hard to obtain, without quite a bit of luck. This book uses astrolinguistic principles in message construction and is helpful in clarifying and giving perspective to discussions on existential questions such as these.
Ocean worlds : the story of seas on Earth and other planets
Into everywhere
Ensimmäinen yhteys : special edition = Contact
Death's end
Prophet. 5, Earth war
Prophet. 3 : Empire
"With the scope of Dune and the commercial action of Independence Day, this near-future trilogy is the first chance for English-speaking readers to experience this multple-award-winning phenemonenon from China's most beloved science fiction author. Set against the backdrop of China's Cultural Revolution, a secret military project sends signals into space to establish contact with aliens. An alien civilization on the brink of destruction captures the signal and plans to invade Earth. Meanwhile, on Earth, different camps start forming, planning to either welcome the superior beings and help them take over a world seen as corrupt, or to fight against the invasion. The result is a science fiction masterpiece of enormous scope and vision"
Fluffy strikes back : a P.U.R.S.T. adventure
The reality and spirituality of life in the universe
UFOs, ETs, and alien abductions : a scientist looks at the evidence
The quiet invasion
Prophet. 2 : Brothers
The allies of humanity. Book two : human unity, freedom & the hidden reality of contact : the second set of briefings
Blind man's bluff
The aliens are coming! : the exciting and extraordinary science behind our search for life in the universe
Uplift : the complete original trilogy
Science, religion, and the search for extraterrestrial intelligence
Lucky planet : why Earth is exceptional - and what that means for life in the universe
The Darkside War
The three-body problem
Prometheus : life and death
Space hostages
A diplomatic disaster erupts after a reckless adventurer and media personality is murdered by Ilmatarans, a blind alien race that lives under the ice-covered sea, threatening a new age of human explorations.
Honor among thieves
Dreamcatcher
Shadow of the giant
Astrolinguistics : design of a linguistic system for interstellar communication based on logic
The eerie silence : are we alone in the universe?
Revolution's shore
CETI Revisited : should we send radio messages to faraway galaxies?
Something coming through
A passage of stars
The bookman
On the steel breeze
Bean's past was a battle just to survive. He first appeared on the streets of Rotterdam, a tiny child with a mind leagues beyond anyone else. He knew he could not survive through strength; he used his tactical genius to gain acceptance into a children's gang, and then to help make that gang a template for success for all the others. He civilized them, and lived to grow older. Then he was discovered by the recruiters for the Battle School. For Earth was at war - a terrible war with an inscrutable alien enemy. A war that humanity was near to losing. But the long distances of interstellar space has given hope to the defenders of Earth - they had time to train military geniuses up from childhood, forging them into an irresistible force in the high-orbital facility called the Battle School. That story is told in two books, the beloved classic ENDER'S GAME, and its parallel, ENDER'S SHADOW. Bean was the smallest student at the Battle School, but he became Ender Wiggins' right hand, Since then he has grown to be a power on Earth. He served the Hegemon as strategist and general in the terrible wars that followed Ender's defeat of the alien empire attacking Earth. Now he and his wife Petra yearn for a safe place to build a family - something he has never known - but there is nowhere on Earth that does not harbor his enemies - old enemies from the days in Ender's Jeesh, new enemies from the wars on Earth. To find security, Bean and Petra must once again follow in Ender's footsteps. They must leave Earth behind, in the control of the Hegemon, and look to the stars.
The Jackaroo, those enigmatic aliens who claim to have come to help, gave humanity access to worlds littered with ruins and scraps of technology left by long-dead client races. But although people have found new uses for alien technology, that technology may have found its own uses for people. The dissolute scion of a powerful merchant family, and a woman living in seclusion with only her dog and her demons for company, have become infected by a copies of a powerful chunk of alien code. Driven to discover what it wants from them, they become caught up in a conflict between a policeman allied to the Jackaroo and the laminated brain of a scientific wizard, and a mystery that spans light years and centuries. Humanity is about to discover why the Jackaroo came to help us, and how that help is shaping the end of human history.
Human race get off your knees : the lion sleeps no more
Plurality of worlds : the origins of the extraterrestrial life debate from Democritus to Kant
Calculating God
First contact : scientific breakthroughs in the hunt for life beyond Earth
Prophet. 4 : Joining
The dark forest
No man's world : black hand gang
Kaufman details the incredible true story of science's search for the beginnings of life on Earth and the probability that it exists elsewhere in the universe.
The dispossessed
"Colonial Marines have taken possession of an abandoned alien spacecraft-only to discover its owner is still onboard! Instead of heading to Earth as expected, the humans end up on LV-223 (the planet where the events in the film Prometheus took place). There they must contend with hostile alien life forms, as well as the mysterious "Engineers" who are determined to wipe out not just them, but possibly all of humanity!  This is the second chapter in the Life and Death story cycle-the follow-up to 2015's epic Fire and Stone crossover event. Before this tale is complete, the story lines of Predator, Prometheus, Aliens, and Aliens vs. Predator will all converge!" --
No one would have believed that planet earth was being watched by creatures more intelligent than humankind. But our planet was not only being watched, soon it would be invaded. / WorldCat.
The rings of time
David Icke marks his 20th year of uncovering astounding secrets and suppressed information with the publication of his most amazing book yet: Human Race Get off Your Knees : The Lion Sleeps No More. He takes the manipulation of the human race and the nature of reality to still new levels of understanding and he calls for humanity to rise from its knees and take back the world from the sinister network of families and non-human entities that covertly control us from cradle to grave. His most staggering revelation is that the Earth and the collective human mind is manipulated from the Moon, which, he says, is not a 'heavenly body, but an artificial construct - a gigantic 'spacecraft' (probably a hollowed-out 'planetoid') - which is home to the extraterrestrial group that has been manipulating humanity for aeons. Humanity is at a fork in the road and it is time to make a choice. Are we going to awaken to our true genius and potential as Infinite Consciousness? Or are we going to remain entrapped in body/mind and the manufactured illusions of the Moon Matrix? It is time to shake off the shackles, stop being Pavlov's dogs and grab reality by the balls and wake up to who we are truly meant to be.
The left hand of darkness
We are not alone : the search of intelligent life of other worlds
"With the scope of Dune and the rousing action of Independence Day, this near-future trilogy is the first chance for English-speaking readers to2 8xperience this multple-award-winning phenemonenon from China's most beloved science fiction author. In Dark Forest, Earth is reeling from the revelation of a coming alien invasion--in just four centuries' time. The aliens' human collaborators may have been defeated, but the presence of the sophons, the subatomic particles that allow Trisolaris instant access to all human information, means that Earth's defense plans are totally exposed to the enemy. Only the human mind remains a secret. This is the motivation for the Wallfacer Project, a daring plan that grants four men enormous resources to design secret strategies, hidden through deceit and misdirection from Earth and Trisolaris alike. Three of the Wallfacers are influential statesmen and scientists, but the fourth is a total unknown. Luo Ji, an unambitious Chinese astronomer and sociologist, is baffled by his new status. All he knows is that he's the one Wallfacer that Trisolaris wants dead"-- Provided by publisher
War of the worlds
Exiles : the second Uplift trilogy
