http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21565 drummers
drummers
Far and near : on days like these
Hit hard : a story of hitting rock bottom at the top
Not dead yet : the autobiography
No Beethoven : an autobiography & chronicle of Weather Report
The great jazz drummers
My life with Bowie : spider from Mars
Mo' meta blues : the world according to Questlove
Great rock drummers of the sixties
Ringo : with a little help
Ginger Baker : hellraiser : the autobiography of the world's greatest drummer
The tin drum
Deal : my three decades of drumming, dreams, and drugs with the Grateful Dead
Born to drum : the truth about the world's greatest drummers : from John Bonham and Keith Moon to Sheila E. and Dave Grohl
A stray cat struts : my life as a rockabilly rebel
This is a call : the life and times of Dave Grohl
Beefheart : through the eyes of Magic
Photograph
You should be dancing : my life with the Bee Gees
Sex, drums, rock 'n' roll! : the hardest hitting man in show business
Drum pet : the boy who drummed his life away
The studio musician's handbook
Drumming at the edge of magic : a journey into the spirit of percussion
Whiplash
The little drummer girl
Women drummers : a history from rock and jazz to blues and country
Touched by sound : a drummer's journey
Drum Pet (The Boy Who Drummed His Life Away) is a drama of a demented, child-like  man who tells his life story in a retrospect to his nurse: how his biggest dream,  becoming a fantastic drummer, caused him to lose the thing he loved most, his family.  But after the truth unravels, he shall get the redemption from his daughter... who was  his caretaker all along.  TED MURPHY is in a care home treated by a NURSE he doesn't recognise to be his  daughter. Getting back his tin drum – a token from his childhood – triggers him  memories and he starts to tell his life story to the nurse. He was just a little boy when  his father abandoned him and left him the drum that is to become the centre object of  his life. Unable to deal with his sorrow, he escapes into the world of music and swears  he'd never grow up. His mom starts calling him the DRUM PET.  In his early adulthood Ted finds immense happiness: ANNA, the love of his life, and the  daughter they get, MAYA. But he shatters it all by choosing music, a grand tour with his  band, over his family. As he leaves, he gives his daughter the tin drum. Soon after he  loses his ability to play. Not knowing who he is after he isn't a father anymore, Ted  drifts into oblivion.  But all is not lost yet. Ultimately Ted overcomes his need to escape, dares to tell the  truth out loud – and finds his way back to Maya.
Harold Jones : the singer's drummer
The great drummers of r&b, funk & soul
Cured : the tale of two imaginary boys
Play on : now, then & Fleetwood Mac : the autobiography
Jake Hanna : the rhythm and wit of a swinging jazz drummer
Fire and steel : sound sculptures, mobiles, symbols and atmospherics
Big (the) Beat : conversations with Rock's great drummers
