http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2157 geopolitics
geopolitics
Global Babel: questions of discourse and communication in a time of globalization
The geopolitics of Australia's regional relations
The geopolitics of domination
Theory and reality of international politics
Europe in the world : EU geopolitics and the making of European space
Arctic human development report : regional processes and global linkages
Placing Greece on the boundary of Europe
International energy governance : selected legal issues
Geopolitics : a very short introduction
Neighbourhood policy and the construction of the European external borders
Strategic regions in 21st century power politics : zones of consensus and zones of conflict
Rethinking geopolitics
Transcaucasian boundaries
The politics of dialogue : living under the geopolitical histories of war and peace
Germany, Russia, and the rise of geo-economics
What holds the Arctic together?
The northward course of the Anthropocene : transformation, temporality and telecoupling in a time of environmental crisis
The geopolitics of the nuclear era : heartland, rimlands, and the technological revolution
ACP-EU cooperation after 2020 : towards a new partnership?
Engaging geopolitics
On geopolitics : classical and nuclear
Shaping geopolitical image : finnish and lithuanian propaganda on international stage 1914-1918
Blood and oil : the dangers and consequences of America's growing dependency on imported petroleum
Building hegemonic order Russia's way : order, stability, and predictability in the post-Soviet space
This edited collection formalises Critical Border Studies (CBS) as a distinctive approach within the interdisciplinary border studies literature. Although CBS represents a heterogeneous assemblage of thought, the hallmark of the approach is a basic dissatisfaction with the ‘Line in the Sand’ metaphor as an unexamined starting point for the study of borders. A headline feature of each contribution gathered here is a concerted effort to decentre the border. By ‘decentring’ we mean an effort to problematise the border not as taken-for-granted entity, but precisely as a site of investigation. On this view, the border is not something that straightforwardly presents itself in an unmediated way. It is never simply ‘present’, nor fully established, nor obviously accessible. Rather, it is manifold and in a constant state of becoming. Empirically, contributors examine the changing nature of the border in a range of cases, including: the Arctic Circle; German-Dutch borderlands; the India-Pakistan region; and the Mediterranean Sea. Theoretically, chapters draw on a range of critical thinkers in support of a new paradigm for border research. The volume will be of particular interest to border studies scholars in anthropology, human geography, international relations, and political science. Critical Border Studies was published as a special issue of Geopolitics.
Geopolitical traditions : a century of geopolitical thought
Iran and Iraq : religion, war, and geopolitics
Critical border studies : Broadening and deepening the 'lines in the sand' agenda
The new geopolitics
The geopolitics of European foreign energy policy : a study on European foreign energy policy in the post-Soviet space 2004-2009
North-West Russia as a gateway in Russian energy geopolitics
Concept(ions) of the (geo)political : a critical decontextualisation of Carl Schmitt's geopolitical reasoning
The geopolitics of real estate : reconfiguring property, capital, and rights
The heroic earth : geopolitical thought in Weimar Germany, 1918-1933
Politics of the Eurasian Arctic : national interests & international challenges
National identity and geopolitical visions : maps of pride and pain
The revenge of geography : what the map tells us about coming conflicts and the battle against fate
This paper examines Russian energy development and plans and their geopolitical implications around the turn of the new millennium. Argumentation is founded on the interpretation of the impacts of stakeholders' interests on geopolitics under new societal conditions and the legacy of past energy production and logistics. Empirical evidence consists of material from the projects of Russian companies and the plans and politics of the Russian Government for developing the energy sector.The redefined borders and the geographical shifts of energy production have brought about the orientation of Russia's energy development and interests towards the north. The former empire's parts bordering on Russia in the west, Belarus and first of all Ukraine, have become problematic due to transit payment conflicts. Consequently, Russian companies develop ports in North-West Russia as well as plan the construction of new oil and gas pipelines through the Baltic Sea Region. On the other hand, the northern location of the infrastructure plans is a geographical necessity, in the way that new oil and gas deposits lie in northern high-latitude zones. Energy stakeholders' market-oriented interests greatly influence the country's economic orientation to the advanced economies and the global economy. Thus, Russia's new energy geopolitics means economic integration and networking with partners (companies, nations and economic areas) that are able to co-operate successfully in the economic sector. In all, the energy projects and plans in Russia are derived from these restructured, pragmatic and market-led economic interests, which have led to the growing significance of gateways in North-West Russia.
Towards the Geopolitics of Flows : implications for Finland
An atlas of world political flashpoints : a sourcebook of geopolitical crisis
Russia and the Arctic : environment, identity and foreign policy
From resilience to revolution : how foreign interventions destabilize the Middle East
The new geopolitics : the world system and Northern Europe seen from a modern geopolitical perspective
Discontented geopolitics of other European spaces
Pax technica : how the Internet of things may set us free or lock us up
Modern Greece : a history since 1821
Political geography : an introduction to space and power
Western geopolitical thought in the twentieth century
Geopolitics and grosspolitics : from Carl Schmitt to E. H. Carr and James Burnham
Individual foreign investment in Western nation states is a long-standing geopolitical issue. The expansion of the middle class in BRICS and Asian countries, and their increased activity in Western real estate markets as foreign investors, have introduced new and revived existing cultural and geopolitical sensitivities. In this book, Dallas Rogers develops a new history of foreign real estate investment by mapping the movement of human and financial capital over more than four centuries. The book argues the reconfiguration of Asian geopolitical power has ruptured the conceptual landscape for understanding international land and real estate relations. Drawing on assemblage theories (Latour, Deleuze and Guattari), assemblage analytical tactics (Sassen and Ong) and discursive media theories (Kittler and Foucault) a series of vignettes of land and real estate crisis are presented. The book demonstrates how foreign land claimers and global real estate professionals colonise, subvert and act beyond the governance structures of settler-societies to facilitate new types of capital circulation and accumulation around the world.
Reordering the world : geopolitical perspectives on the twenty-first century
Country analysis, country risks and geopolitics 33C332
Making political geography
The Kurdish spring : geopolitical changes and the Kurds
The importance of Northern dimension foreign policies in the geopolitics of the Circumpolar North
Key actors in the EU's eastern neighbourhood : competing perspectives on geostrategic tensions
Beyond the pejorative : sphere of influence in international theory
Axis of convenience : Moscow, Beijing, and the new geopolitics
The changing geography of international business
Europe's Northern frontier : perspectives on Finland's Western identity
A geopolitical view of the Baltic Sea region
The Åland question
Foreign agents in Russia : discoursive analysis on foreign agents in Russia 2012-2013
Georgia and the Caucasus region
When identity becomes political : the Russophone population of Moldova in social media
Antarctica and South American geopolitics : frozen Lebensraum
Country analysis, country risks and geopolitics
By scrutinising the relationships between geopolitics and tourism within the region, the text looks at the important historical role of Central and Eastern Europe (CEE) in geopolitical thinking.
International geopolitical analysis : a selection from Hérodote
Mackinder : geography as an aid to statecraft
Researching and combining Northern geopolitics and security in the North
World order : reflections on the character of nations and the course of history
The future of strategy
Ethics of liberation in the age of globalization and exclusion
The dilemma of periphery and centre in the North
Introductory words
The Wiley Blackwell Companion to Political Geography aims to account for the intellectual and worldly developments that have taken place in and around political geography in the last 10 years.
Geopolitics to geopolinomics : a case study of political domination through economic means : the Canadian defence industry
Aspects of Irish and Finnish Neutrality : a comparative case study
Media and the politics of arctic climate change : when the ice breaks
Snowchange and temporal borders of the Northern indigenous nations : a geopolitical inquiry of "Sápmi", Sámi of Finland and the Russian Federation
Russian Eurasianism : an ideology of empire
The development of Russian military policy and Finland
Turning the tide : U.S. intervention in Central America and the struggle for peace
New security frontiers : critical energy and the resource challenge
Near abroad : Putin, the West and the contest over Ukraine and the Caucasus
Civilizations and world order : geopolitics and cultural difference
The geopolitics of energy : indentifying main drivers and constructing scenarios for energy conflicts
Introduction to global politics : brief edition
"Our rightful place restored": Europe, Russia and the Baltic Sea Region in Latvian foreign political discourse : a critical geopolitical approach
Security in the North
An introduction to political geography
Foreign agents in Russia : discoursive analysis on foreign agents in Russia
Rising powers, shrinking planet : how scarce energy is creating a new world order
Sectarian identities or geopolitics? : the regional Shia-Sunni divide in the Middle East
Symbolic violence in border crossing : a bodily geopolitics
The geopolitics reader
The future of the Arctic region : cooperation or confrontation?
Redefining business in the New Africa : shifting strategies to be successful
Abstract: Geopolitical thinking in transition - Argentina and the changed policy toward the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty.
Politics, geography & 'political geography' : a critical perspective
The Ashgate research companion to critical geopolitics
Commentary: dialogue across borders in the circumpolar north : highlights from the 2012 Calotte Academy on Water in/and the Arctic
Geopolitics of the world system
'Geopolitics' of the Vikig Age? : actors, factors and space
From periphery to world politics : the changing geo-politics of the North
After the ice : life, death, and geopolitics in the new Arctic
Arctic strategies and policies : inventory and comparative study
Persuading audiences of Israeli geoidentity : a rhetorical analysis
Canada and the new geopolitics of the North Pacific rim
Transnational Americas : envisioning inter-American area studies in globalization processes
Tourism and geopolitics : issues and concepts from Central and Eastern Europe
This book looks both backward and forward with regard to the European Union's political strategies towards its neighbouring countries. By bringing together the perspectives of critical geopolitics, policy studies and border studies, it presents a comprehensive review of the European Neighbourhood Policy and how it impacts the ongoing construction of the EU's external frontiers. Is the EU committed to promoting integration in a 'wider' European space, or is a "fortress Europe" emerging where the strengthening of internal cohesion is coupled with the militarisation of its external borders? The book aims to problematize this question by showing how the EU's external policies are based on a mixture of openness and closure, inclusion and exclusion, cooperation and securitisation. The European Neighbourhood Policy is a controversial strategy where regionalization and bordering, homogenisations and differentiations, centrifugal and centripetal forces proceed side-by-side, in an explicit attempt to construct a selective, mobile and fragmented border. A specific focus is devoted to the diversity of geo-strategies the EU is pursuing in its neighbouring countries and regions, macro-regional strategies and cross-border cooperation initiatives as new scales of cooperation, and the role of other global players.
How the west came to rule : the geopolitical origins of capitalism
Environmental security in the Arctic Ocean
Revisiting the territorial trap
L' Europe, quelles frontières? = What borders for Europe?
Security for the Baltic region
The power of place : bringing together geographical and sociological imaginations
'Regimes of territorial legitimation' in a fast-changing world : why they matter and how they change
On geopolitics : space, place, and international relations
The political geography of conflict and peace
Iran, the Green Movement and the USA : the fox and the paradox
Geopolitical thinkig in transition - Argentina and the changed policy toward the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty
Political topographies of the African state : territorial authority and institutional choice
Our places, their spaces : urban territoriality in the Northern Irish conflict
Discourses, boundaries and scales : Estonian territorial politics in the 'new' Europe
Putinism : Russia and its future with the West
How the world works
Module 10 : geopolitics, security and international society
Flashpoints : the emerging crisis in Europe
The politics of displaying geo : the spatial order of ecumenical world maps
Red Shambhala : magic, prophecy, and geopolitics in the heart of Asia
"Since the late 1980s, critical geopolitics has gone from being a radical critical perspective on the disciplines of political geography and international relations theory to becoming a recognised area of research in its own right. Influenced by poststructuralist concerns with the politics of representation, critical geopolitics considers the ways in which the use of particular discourses shape political practices. Initially critical geopolitics analysed the practical geopolitical language of the elites and intellectuals of statecraft. Subsequent iterations have considered the role that popular representations of the international political world play. As critical geopolitics has become a more established part of political geography it has attracted ever more critique: from feminists for its apparent blindness to the embodied effects of geopolitical praxis and from those who have been uncomfortable about its textual focus, while others have challenged critical geopolitics to address alternative, resistant forms of geopolitical practice. Again, critical geopolitics has been reworked to incorporate these challenges and the latest iterations have encompassed normative agendas, non-representational theory, emotional geographies and affect.It is against the vibrant backdrop of this intellectual development of critical geopolitics as a subdiscipline that this Companion is set. Bringing together leading researchers associated with the different forms of critical geopolitics, this volume produces an overview of its achievements, limitations, and areas of new and potential future development. The Companion is designed to serve as a key resource for an interdisciplinary group of scholars and practitioners interested in the spatiality of politics"--Provided by publisher.
"The Arctic sea-ice reached record lows in 2007, and again in 2012. In the international news media, these moments were reflected via striking images of polar bears, crumbling ice chunks and the use of more alarmist metaphors about global climate change. Through these narratives, and despite the periodic disappearance of climate change from media reports due to issue fatigue, a sharper narrative of climate change has entered public discourse: a new global reality where the future is no longer a given. Going beyond media studies as well as descriptive or highly scientific accounts of the impacts of climate change in the Arctic, this book explores how both historical and contemporary mediations, scientific narratives and satellite technology simultaneously capture and reconstruct this new reality of the Anthropocene, where human activities shape the planet. By highlighting the linkages between science, media, environmental change and geopolitics, the informed contributors to the volume invite the reader to reflect on what is local and what is global in today's connected mediatized world"--
Strategic minerals : resource geopolitics and global geo-economics
The Victorian geopolitical aesthetic : realism, sovereignty, and transnational experience
The contours of America's cold war
The Wiley Blackwell companion to political geography
The geopolitics of Israel's border question
Communist China : A system-functional reader
Country analysis, country risks and geopolitics : 33C332
Geopolitics in, and of, the High North
Feeding frenzy : the new politics of food
Energy and the transformation of international relations : toward a new producer-consumer framework
The Arctic has reacted more quickly and dramatically to global warming than many had anticipated. Scientists are urgently trying to predict just how the Arctic will change and how those changes will in turn affect the rest of the planet. But plenty of other people, driven by profit rather than data, are interested as well. The riches of the world's last virgin territory have spurred the reawakening of old geopolitical rivalries. The United States, Canada, Russia, Norway, and Denmark all control areas around the Arctic Ocean. We face a new era of oil rigs and drill ships, of shipping shortcuts, and fights over the Arctic's treasures. Alongside the winners are the many losers, from nomadic reindeer herders to Inuit hunters. Other creatures that rely on the vast expanses of sea ice, including seals, birds, and whales, may disappear or be replaced. Combining science, business, politics, and adventure, Alun Anderson takes the reader to the ends of the earth in a narrative portrait of this rapidly changing land of unparalleled global significance.--From publisher description.
The European Union and global social change : a critical geopolitical-economic analysis
Geopolitics of a 'melting' North
Brothers at arms or in arms? : the contemporary geopolitical discourse on the future of the Ukrainian-Russian border
Networking the North : cross border connections and the new international circumpolar geopolitics
When China rules the world : the rise of the Middle Kingdom and the end of the Western World
Turkey's geopolitical role for the European Union
The new continentalism : energy and twenty-first-century Eurasian geopolitics
Frozen assets : British mining, exploration and geopolitics on Spitsbergen, 1904-53
Tearing down the curtain, opening the gates : Northern boundaries in change
The Black Sea between the EU and Russia : security, energy, democracy : 134th Bergedorf Round Table June 23 - 25, 2006, Odessa, [134th Bergedorf Protocol]
Geopolitics : the geography of international relations
Problems of the Baltic
Lost in a sea of words? : discources of the Russian geopolitical thinking on the Arctic
Neighbourhood perceptions of the Ukraine crisis : from the Soviet Union into Eurasia?
Russia in the Arctic : hard or soft power?
Eastern Mediterranean countries and issues
Oil, politics and seapower : the Indian Ocean vortex
Asian countries and the Arctic future
Well-oiled diplomacy : strategic manipulation and Russia's energy statecraft in Eurasia
After the empire : the breakdown of the American order
Kosovo : perceptions of war and its aftermath
Ethnicity, nationalism, geopolitics in the Balkans (1)
State of the Arctic strategies and policies : a summary
The Asian Games : modern metaphor for 'The Middle Kingdom' reborn : political statement, cultural assertion, social symbol
Yemen and the politics of permanent crisis
A companion to political geography
Geopolitics : past, present and future
Geopolitics : the struggle for space and power
The edge : is the military dominance of the west coming to an end?
Middle East, geopolitics and the future of Saudi Arabia : driving forces in the next ten years
On the border of east and west : Greek geopolitical narratives
Geopolitics and security in the Arctic : regional dynamics in a global world
Unravelling the Baltic Sea conundrum : regionalism and European integration revisited
Strategy papers on the Arctic or high north : a comparative study and analysis
Critical geographies of sport : space, power and sport in global perspective
Representations of space in post-Soviet institutions
Region-building and regional dynamics with multifunctional interests in the European North
International order in diversity : war, trade and rule in the Indian Ocean
How to avoid strategic materials shortages : dealing with cartels, embargoes, and supply disruptions
A political geography of community Europe
Morocco and the Sahara : social bonds and geopolitical issues
How did realist fiction alter in the effort to craft forms and genres receptive to the dynamism of an expanding empire and globalizing world? Do these nineteenth-century variations on the "geopolitical aesthetic" continue to resonate today? Crossing literary criticism, political theory, and longue duree history, 'The Victorian geopolitical aesthetic' explores these questions from the standpoint of mid-nineteenth-century novelists such as Wilkie Collins, George Eliot, Gustave Flaubert, and Anthony Trollope as well as successors including E. M. Forster and the creators of recent television serials. By looking at the category of "sovereignty" at multiple scales and in diverse formal, geographic, and historical contexts, Lauren M. E. Goodlad shows that the ideological crucible for "high" realism was not a hegemonic liberalism. It was, rather, a clash of modern liberal ideals struggling to distintricate themselves from a powerful conservative vision of empire while striving to negotiate the inequalities of power along lines of race, gender, nationality, and ethnicity which a supposedly universalistic liberalism had helped to generate. The material occasion for the mid-Victorian era's rich realist experiments was, thus, the transition from an informal empire of trade that could be celebrated as "liberal" to a neo-feudal imperialism that only Tories could warmly embrace. In this way the book places realism's "geopolitical aesthetic" at the heart of recurring modern experiences of breached sovereignty, forgotten history, and subjective exile. The Coda, titled "The Way We Historicize Now," concludes the book with connections to recent debates about "surface reading" "distant reading," and the hermeneutics of suspicion.
From geopolitics to global politics : a French connection
Geopolitics and empire : the legacy of Halford Mackinder
Afganistan’s uncertain future : fragmented realities and geopolitical fault lines
China or Japan : which will lead Asia
Turkish foreign policy in the post-cold war period
Dialogues on power and space
The geopolitics of South Asia : from early empires to India, Pakistan and Bangladesh
Structural geopolitics in Europe : constructing geopolitical subjectivity for the EU and Russia
Changing contours of the world geopolitical system
Arctic yearbook
"Strategy is not a modern invention. It is an essential and enduring feature of human history that is here to stay. In this original essay, Colin S. Gray, world-renowned scholar of strategic thought, discusses the meaning of strategy and its importance for politicians and the military as a means of achieving desired outcomes in complex, uncertain conditions. Drawing on a wide range of examples from the Great Peloponnesian War to the Second World War, Vietnam, and the ongoing conflicts in Iraq and Afghanistan, Gray ably shows how great military thinkers of the past and present have acted strategically in their various ideological, political, geographical and cultural contexts. Looking to the future, he argues that strategy will continue to provide a vital tool-kit for survival and security, but that the global threat posed by nuclear weapons remains an on-going challenge without obvious practical solutions. As Gray boldy asserts, there is no promised land ahead, only hard and dangerous times that will require us to master the theory and practice of strategy to secure our own future"--
The diffusion of war : a study of opportunity and willingness
The Russian dilemma
On the Metageography of Euro-Asia
Truth, justice, and the American way? : the popular geopolitics of American identity in contemporary superhero comics
From cold war to common currency : a personal perspective on Finland and the EU
The changing geo-politics of the North
Webometric network analysis : mapping cooperation and geopolitical connections between local government administration on the web
Geo-politics of the Euro-Asia energy nexus : the European Union, Russia and Turkey
Geopolitics and the quest for dominance
