http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21597 financial status
financial status economic status
"This book is about the relationship between different concepts of freedom and happiness. The book's authors distinguish three concepts for which an empirical measure exists: opportunity to choose (negative freedom), capability to choose (positive freedom), and autonomy to choose (autonomy freedom). They also provide a comprehensive account of the relationship between freedom and well-being by comparing channels through which freedoms affect quality of life. The book also explores whether the different conceptions of freedom complement or replace each other in the determination of the level of well-being. In so doing, the authors make freedoms a tool for policy making and are able to say which conception is the most effective for well-being, as circumstances change. The results have implications for a justification of a free society: maximizing freedoms is good for its favorable consequences upon individual well-being, a fundamental value for the judgment of human advantage"--
Portfolios of the poor : how the world's poor live on $2 a day
The social and psychological impact of unemployment : a pilot study
Understanding the many faces of human security : perspectives of northern indigenous peoples
"Israeli-Arab" political mobilization : between acquiescence, participation, and resistance
Change is no stranger to us in the twenty-first century. All of us must constantly adjust to an evolving world, to transformation and innovation. But for many thousands of creative artists, a torrent of recent changes has made it all but impossible to earn a living. A persistent economic recession, social shifts, and technological change have combined to put our artists-from graphic designers to indie-rock musicians, from architects to booksellers-out of work. This book looks deeply and broadly into the roots of the crisis of the creative class in America and tells us why it matters.
Widows in Anglo-Saxon and Medieval Britain
Gender, economies, and entitlements in Africa
The politics of childhoods real and imagined. Volume 2, Practical application of critical realism and childhood studies
33 artists in 3 acts
The pinch : how the baby boomers took their children's future - and why they should give it back
"This text provides a critical interdisciplinary introduction to the theory, practice and study of development. The thoroughly revised and updated new edition takes account of the impact of the global financial crisis, the economic rise of China and India and the further ramifications of global warming"--
Against equality : readings on economic and social policy
"The risk process commonly used in the corporate world to deal with risks may be suitable for non-catastrophic events, but not for extreme events. By analyzing a series of past disasters and the relevant 'lessons learned', this books proposes a series of prescriptive measures to cope with future disasters"--Provided by publisher.
Culture crash : the killing of the creative class
Daughters of London : inheriting opportunity in the late Middle Ages
Engendered promises, gendered challenges : changing patterns of labor, control and benefits among smallholder households growing NERICA in Uganda
Abstract.
All the single ladies : unmarried women and the rise of an independent nation
Household ecology : economic change and domestic life among the Kekchi Maya in Belize
Sites of change : the structural context for empowering women in India
Boundaries of an urban minority : the Helsinki Jewish community from the end of imperial Russia until the 1970s
Why are artists poor? : the exceptional economy of the arts / Hans Abbing
Women, development, democracy : a study of the socio-economic changes in the profile of women in Nepal
Homo economics : capitalism, community, and lesbian and gay life
How the West was lost : fifty years of economic folly - and the stark choices ahead
Art work : women artists and democracy in mid-nineteenth-century New York
The Penguin atlas of women in the world
The purpose of this thesis is to define an Intelligent Milking System as a modern technology and innovation in the dairy farming that allows farmers to use computerized machines to do diversified activities regarding their dairy cattle management and productions systems. This thesis will explain why Kenya should adopt the use of this milking system in its dairy sector. In addition, it will explore how this system works in a typical dairy farm and highlight important considerations that will ensure farmers get high quality services and products. Moreover, it will present the importance of using milking machines in the dairy sector and how this has changed the lives of farmers, their animals and dependants. The paper will describe two Finnish case studies where Intelligent Milking System (IMS) has been successfully embraced. It will also highlight the significance of adopting this practice by the Kenya Dairy Board (KDB) to boost milk production quality and quantity in Kenya. Lastly, it will present recommendations on how this method can be improved to ensure there is a maximum profit generation, reduced costs and improved quality and quantity of milk supply.
Women, gender and rural development in China
Female agency in the urban economy : gender in European towns, 1640-1830
Women : the cattle keepers of Eastern Finland : an analysis of the economic and political roles of women in Kuusisaari village in the twentieth century
Chicanas/Chicanos at the crossroads : social, economic, and political change
Unveiling inequality : a world-historical perspective
Economic inequality and health : looking beyond aggregate indicators
The politics of Jewish commerce : economic thought and emancipation in Europe, 1638-1848
Risk and financial catastrophe
Displacement economies in Africa : paradoxes of crisis and creativity
Jerzy Lukowski shows the pressures and tensions, both from below and from governments, which increasingly challenged traditional ruling groups in Europe during the century before the French Revolution. The position of the nobility depended on a stable world which accepted their authority but that world was becoming fractured as a result of social and economic developments and new ideas. Lukowski explains the basic mechanisms of noble existence and examines how the European nobility sought to preserve a sense of solidarity in the midst of widespread change.
Abortion Wishes and Abortion Prevention - Women Seeking Legal Termination of Pregnancy During the 1950s and 1960s in Finland
Gender and development : the Japanese experience in comparative perspective
Homo Economics is the first honest account of the tense relationship between gay people and the economy. This groundbreaking collection brings together a variety of voices from the worlds of journalism, activism, academia, the arts, and public policy to address issues including the recent economic history of the gay community, the community's response to its changing economic circumstances, and the risks inherent in a narrow definition of liberation.
Microcredit and women's empowerment : does microcredit promote the borrowers to participate in the household decision-making process in Bangladesh?
Intelligent milking systems : computerized dairy cows management and control systems
Modernizing women : gender and social change in the Middle East
People of the volcano : Andean counterpoint in the Colca Valley of Peru
Widows in India
Small loans, big dreams : how Nobel peace prize winner Muhammad Yunus and microfinance are changing the world
Retirement, work and pensions in ageing Korea
Poverty among immigrant children in Europe
Widowhood and poverty : well being and survival in rural Bangladesh
The survival of the Hessian nobility, 1770-1870
Destined for equality : the inevitable rise of women's status
African women : a political economy
This highly original volume, based on empirical case studies from across sub-Saharan Africa, provides fresh insights into the unexpected changes, complex agency and persistent dynamism entailed in displacement processes. In doing so, it explores the diversity of actors, strategies and practices that reshape the world in the face (and chronic aftermath) of dramatic moments of violent dislocation and/or enclosure. An important contribution to a topic of growing scholarly and policy interest.
Capital : the eruption of Delhi
Who gets ahead? : the determinants of economic success in America
The effectiveness of short-term literacy skills intervention on children at risk of reading and writing difficulties in Tanzania : a study of grade one children with dynamic assessment approach
Women and economics
Women and migration in rural Europe : labour markets, representations and policies
"In a provocative, groundbreaking work, National Magazine Award&#173;-finalist Rebecca Traister, "the most brilliant voice on feminism in this country" (Anne Lamott), traces the history of unmarried women in America who, through social, political, and economic means, have radically shaped our nation.  For legions of women, living single isn't news; it's life.  In 2009, the award-winning journalist Rebecca Traister started All the Single Ladies--a book she thought would be a work of contemporary journalism--about the twenty-first century phenomenon of the American single woman. It was the year the proportion of American women who were married dropped below fifty percent; and the median age of first marriages, which had remained between twenty and twenty-two years old for nearly a century (1890-1980), had risen dramatically to twenty-seven.  But over the course of her vast research and more than a hundred interviews with academics and social scientists and prominent single women, Traister discovered a startling truth: the phenomenon of the single woman in America is not a new one. And historically, when women were given options beyond early heterosexual marriage, the results were massive social change--temperance, abolition, secondary education, and more.  Today, only twenty percent of Americans are wed by age twenty-nine, compared to nearly sixty percent in 1960. The Population Reference Bureau calls it a "dramatic reversal." All the Single Ladies is a remarkable portrait of contemporary American life and how we got here, through the lens of the single American woman. Covering class, race, sexual orientation, and filled with vivid anecdotes from fascinating contemporary and historical figures, All the Single Ladies is destined to be a classic work of social history and journalism. Exhaustively researched, brilliantly balanced, and told with Traister's signature wit and insight, this book should be shelved alongside Gail Collins's When Everything
Why women count : essays on women in development in Bangladesh
Roads taken : The great Jewish migrations to the new world and the peddlers who forged the way
Female economic strategies in the modern world
When India became independent in 1947 after two centuries of colonial rule, it immediately adopted a firmly democratic political system, with multiple parties, freedom of speech, and extensive political rights. Maintaining rapid as well as environmentally sustainable growth remains an important and achievable goal for India. Two of India's leading economists argue that the country's main problems lie in the lack of attention paid to the essential needs of the people, especially of the poor, and often of women. In the long run, even the feasibility of high economic growth is threatened by the underdevelopment of social and physical infrastructure and the neglect of human capabilities.
Art production beyond the art market? / Karen van den Berg and Ursula Pasero (eds.)
Creating capabilities : the human development approach
The global political economy of the household in Asia
On the social and economic conditions of widows of Tamil Nadu, India; a study.
Gender bias: roadblock to sustainable development
Readings in the political economy of aging
Revolution at point zero : housework, reproduction, and feminist struggle
Population ageing and international development : from generalisation to evidence
Economic stress and the family
Boundaries of an urban minority : the Helsinki Jewish community from the end of Imperial Russia until the 1970s
International development : issues and challenges
The globalized woman : reports from a future of inequality
Shylock's children : economics and Jewish identity in modern Europe
Women in transition : voices from Lithuania
This collection examines the relationships between a globalising neoliberal capitalism, a post-GFC environment of recession and austerity, and the moral economies of young people’s health and well-being. Contributors explore how in the second decade of the 21st century, many young people in the OECD/EU economies and in the developing economies of Asia, Africa and Central and South America continue to be carrying a particularly heavy burden for many of the downstream effects of the 2008-09 Global Financial Crisis. The authors explore the ways in which increasing local and global inequalities often have profound consequences for large populations of young people. These consequences are not just related to marginalisation from education, training and work. They also include obstacles to their active participation in the civic life of their communities, to their transitions, to their sense of belonging. The book examines the choices that are made, or not made by governments, businesses and individuals in relation to young people’s education, training, work, health and well-being, sexualities, diets and bodies, in the context of a crisis of neoliberalism and of austerity.
The Oxford handbook of economic inequality
Immigration : trends, consequences and prospects for the United States
Globalization, management control and ideology : local and multinational perspectives
The role of women in work and society in the ancient Near East
The dirty work of neoliberalism : cleaners in the global economy
Socio-economic segregation in European capital cities : East meets West
Lone parenthood : an economic analysis
Women in Stuart England and America : a comparative study
Indigenous people and economic development : an international perspective
The European nobility in the eighteenth century
Distinct inheritances : property, family and community in a changing Europe
Why are artists poor? : the exceptional economy of the arts
Understanding the ethnic Chinese in Southeast Asia
Bourgeois dignity : why economics can't explain the modern world
The subprimes : a novel
The women's atlas of the United States
South Korea under compressed modernity : familial political economy in transition
Neoliberalism, austerity, and the moral economies of young people's health and well-being
Starting from Quirpini : the travels and places of a Bolivian people
"This anthology gives a historically aware overview of the political and economic issues facing African women since Independence. It incorporates gender and transnational theory in its theoretical discussion of African women from the perspective of political economy. The three main themes are African feminism, women and work, and women and politics. The issue of women's control over labor is central, as is a comparative perspective of women's political movements. Written by Africans and Africanists, this significant and much-needed work is an examination of these themes and a critical evaluation of materialist thought on the political and economic aspects of African women's studies"--Provided by publisher.
Freedom and the pursuit of happiness : an economic and political perspective
The Malays, their problems and future
Globalization creates growth without jobs in the North, structural adjustment in the South, privatization in the East and the dismantling of states everywhere. It is a process which unifies through market integration and new information technologies, yet separates through growing social polarization. It is also a process which depends on the feminization of employment; rather than liberating women into the workplace, globalisation has bred a new underclass of low paid or unpaid women workers. Demonstrating exactly how women, all over the world, have become the call-girls of the global labour market, the author of this extraordinary book uses a mixture of case studies, examples and quotations to illustrate some hard facts. She looks at women across the world - to show how their lives have been turned upside down by industrialization in the South and a return to homeworking in the North. We meet Martha, 17-year old mother of two in Harlem, who cannot afford medical provision on the salary she has been forced to accept; Margaret, former secretary at the Ministry of Agriculture in Nairobi, now trading in second-hand clothes; Li Thi, a Vietnamese woman who is paid $500 a year for stitching the same running shoes that a top US basketball player is paid $20 million a year to promote.
Women and work in a Bangladesh village
International student security
Scott demonstrates that many prevailing ideas about development, dependency, capitalism, and socialism are anchored in the social constructions of gender differences. Early modernization theorists, points out Scott, often juxtaposed modernity and tradition in ways reminiscent of Enlightenment dichotomies that pitted the rational, productive city against the particularistic, fragmented, and stagnant countryside. Dependency theory, despite its radically different focus on the causes of underdevelopment, also rests upon masculinist conceptions of the unfolding of history, human labor, and the gendered divisions between the public and private realms. Recent theories of the African "soft state," realized in policymaking, revive modernization theory's dichotomies; and revolutionary political leaders in African countries, though they have challenged imperialism, have retained the Marxist blindspot regarding gender. This provocative critique of both theory and practice goes beyond the "women in development" approach to explore fundamental reconceptualizations of tradition, modernity, masculinity, femininity, revolution, and development.
Women and poverty
Moroccan households in the world economy : labor and inequality in a Berber Village
A young generation under pressure? : the financial situation and the "rush hour" of the cohorts 1970-1985 in a generational comparison
Painting as business in early seventeenth-century Rome / Patrizi Cavazzini
Women, men and incomes : gender equality and economic independence : a report to the Committee on the Distribution of Economic Power and Economic Resources between Women and Men
The Japanese housewife overseas : adapting to change of culture and status
Women, power and politics
Women and their money 1700-1950 : essays on women and finance
Households' assets
Teach a woman to fish : overcoming poverty around the globe
Women's NGOs in Pakistan
Hill Korwas of Chhatisgarh
Where are we now? : new feminist perspectives on women in contemporary Ireland
Malay peasants coping with the world : breaking the community circle?
An uncertain glory : India and its contradictions
Habits of the house
Questions about the respective roles of private and state property have been at the center of European political life for the whole of the past century. Much less publicity has been given to the ways in which rights to property are transmitted over time and how different inheritance traditions have affected European societies. The chapters in this book draw on historical and anthropological research to show how inheritance practices connect the intimate organization of domestic life with questions of economic development, political structure and religious belief. The book traces the story from the coming of Christianity, through the imposition and dissolution of different forms of feudalism, to the development of the modern economy. Several chapters deal with the impact of communism and its collapse - and demonstrate how ideas about the inheritance of property and status are continuing to shape, and be shaped by, economic and social changes in a continent that is moving beyond the ideological dichotomies of the Cold War.
This article studies Finnish abortion-seeking women in the 1950s and 1960s by investigating the life situations of the abortion-seeking women and their possibilities to regulate childbearing under the 1950 Abortion Act. During the 1950s and 1960s, abortion was legal in Finland only on medical, ethical or eugenic grounds. The data consists of patient documents of the Finnish Family Federations (Vestliitto) Tampere social counseling service (sosiaalineuvola) from the years 1955 and 1968 and the documents mainly comprise abortion requests. Results show that in 1955 83 percent and in 1968 68 percent of the abortion-seeking women were married. 90 percent of them had two or more children and the mothers often requested abortion because of poor financial or social circumstances. The family conditions of these women were often described as difficult, as they had the main responsibility for taking care of and providing for their families. The majority of the abortion requests were denied. In 1955, only 16 percent of the abortion-seeking women received an affirmative decision from the Family Federation whereas the share of admitted abortions in 1968 was 42 percent. The documents show a severe collision between the womens wishes for abortion and the societys interest to prevent abortions for pronatalist reasons. The data also indicates that women were not treated equally because their own determined and persistant behaviour as well as the doctoral practices influenced the abortion decisions. .
Gender and development : rethinking modernization and dependency theory
Black asset poverty and the enduring racial divide
Art workers : material conditions and labor struggles in contemporary art practice
Economic autonomy and democracy : hybrid regimes in Russia and Kyrgyzstan
