http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21576 basidiomycota
basidiomycota
On the problem of subarctic basidiolichens: Osa 1
On finnish micromycetes. 3: uredinales of Inari Lapland
New national and regional biological records for Finland 5. Contributions to agaricoid and ascomycetoid taxa of fungi 4.
Summary: Information is given about the new finds of the basidiolichens Botrydina vulgaris and Coriscium viride..
Psychrophilic basidiomycetes decomposing forest litter under winter conditions
Studies in the Aphyllophorales (Basidiomycetes) of Northern Finland: with a preliminary report on the distribution of some northern species in Fennoscandia
Checklist of the British & Irish Basidiomycota
Summary: Preliminary research has been done on the group Basidiolichenes in Finland, especially in Inari Lapland. Attention has been mainly paid to Agaricolichenes: to the "double organisms" Botrydina vulgaris Bréb. and Coriscium viride (Ach.) Vain. formed by Omphalina-species and Coccomyxa-algae.
Summary: No species of Aphyllophorales is known in detail as to its distribution in Fennoscandia. The material suffices only for some suggestions. Several species have evidently their main distribution in the northern part and some of them form a characteristic element in the flora of the old spruce forests in North Fennoscandia...
Some new or interesting sequestrate Basidiomycota from African woodlands
Granulation tissue formation : the effect of hydroxyapatite coating of cellulose on cellular differentiation
On the problem of subarctic basidiolichens: Osa 2
Polypore (Aphyllophorales, Basidiomycetes) studies in Russia. 2, Central Ural
Tubulicrinopsis gen. nov. (Basidiomycota, Aphyllophorales) and notes on Amauromyces pallidus
Notes on the macromycetes of finnish Lapland and adjacent Finnmark
Abstract.
Polypore Skeletocutis lenis and its sib S. vulgaris
Wood-inhabiting basidiomycetes in the Caucasus region : Systematics and biogeography
Wood-inhabiting basidiomycetes in the Caucasus region : systematics and biogeography
Towards a better understanding of the systematics and diversity of Cortinarius, with an emphasis on species growing in boreal and temperate zones of Europe and North America
Porodaedalea (Phellinus pini group, Basidiomycetes) in Europe : a new species on Larix sibirica, P. niemelaei
Suillus lapponicus: a new bolete species from northern Finland
Summary: The two nuclear divisions in the germ tube of Anthracoidea limosa appear to be the first and second divisions of meiosis. It is estimated that six bivalents occur in metaphase. Three successive mitotic divisions following meiosis are described. Nuclear migration during mitotic prophase appears as a special feature of sporidial development in A. limosa.
Studies on the decomposition of forest litter by Basidiomycetes
Polypore diversity of Fenglin Nature Reserve, northeastern China
Hymenomycetes in the perspective of 200 years : proceedings of a symposium held in Uppsala September 5-8, 1994 in commemoration of Elias Fries
Polypores from eastern Xizang (Tibet), western China
One genera of agaricoid fungi (Basidiomycota): Romagnesiella and 12 species are reported as new to Finland: Agaricus macrocarpus, Arrhenia obatra, Arrhenia obscurata, Arrhenia rigidipes, Coprinellus brevisetulosus, Coprinus candidatus, Entoloma plebejum, Hydnum vesterholtii, Inocybe phaeocystidiosa, Mycena clavata, Omphalina arctica and Romagnesiella clavus. Two genera of ascomycetoid fungi (Ascomycota): Strossmayeria, Phaeomollisia and 8 species are reported as new to Finland: Arachnopeziza delicatula, Hyaloscypha diabolica, Hyalopeziza cf. tianschanica, Phaeomollisia piceae, Phialina pseudopuberula, Sphaeropezia hepaticarum, Strossmayeria basitricha and Trichopeziza subsulphurea.    Information of species recently published elsewhere: Cortinarius angustisporus, C. cacaodiscus, C. caesioarmeniacus, C. centrirufus, C. crassisporus, C. cruentiphyllus, C. davemallochii, C. ferrugineovelatus, C. furvus, C. fuscescens, C. murinascens, C. privignipallens, C. pseudofervidus, C. roseivelatus, C. roseocastaneus, C. subbrunneoideus, C. subexitiosus, C. squamivenetus, C. uraceisporus, Hebeloma eburneum, H. salicicola, Hygrophorus exiguus and Psathyrella fennoscandica is brought here together. New records of little collected and rare taxa Coprinopsis patouillardii, Cuphophyllus cinerellus, Galerina perplexa, Galerina pruinatipes, Gorgoniceps hypothallosa, Inocybe boreocarelica, Marasmius setosus, Psathyrella potteri, Psathyrella tenuicula, Russula adulterina, Russula pyriodora, Scutellinia trechispora, Sowerbyella imperialis and Volvariella murinella are also listed. Corrections of previous information are given on: Cortinarius angulosus (under C. duristipes), Coprinopsis patouillardii and Psathyrella potteri.
Taxonomy and phylogeny of white-rot polypores : case studies in Hymenochaetales and Polyporales (Basidiomycota)
Summary: A description is given of 14 taxa of Entoloma from Inari Lapland, mostly from the Utsjoki area; most of them are new to the area...
Studies on the karyology of the smut Anthracoidea limosa (Ustilaginales)
Lichenicolous fungi of Poland : a catalogue and key to species = Grzyby napostrowe Polski : katalog i klucz do gatunków
Diversity of basidiomycetes in various ecosystems of the Góry Świȩtokrzyskie Mts
Checklist of Polish larger basidiomycetes = Krytyczna lista wielkoowocnikowych grzybów podstawkowych Polski
Nutrient cycling in boreal forests - a mycological perspective : studies on phosphorus translocation within and between mycelia of saprotrophic - and mycorrhizal fungi
Notes on Entoloma (Basidiomycetes, Agaricales) in Inari Lapland, northernmost Finland
Prevention and diagnostics of invasive fungal infections in acute leukaemia and allogeneic stem cell transplantation
Degradation of recalcitrant biopolymers and polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons by litter-decomposing basidiomycetous fungi
Northern Antrodiella species : the identity of A. semisupina, and type studies of relatedtaxa
