http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21533 bear
bear
The new liBEARian
The Paddington treasury for the very young : six classic bedtime stories of the bear from Peru
Brown bear (Ursus arctos) population structure, demographic processes and variations in diet in northern Eurasia
Distribution and population structure of the bear (Ursus arctos L.) in Finland
A beginner's guide to bearspotting
The flying Finn of freestyle : Minna Karhu
Little one
The Teddy Robinson storybook
Bear's animal friends come to his rescue when he becomes lost and frightened in the woods.
Fossil bear bones in the Belgian upper paleolithic : the possibility of a proto bear-ceremonialism
The bear : history of a fallen king
Old Scrapefoot and three bears
Bear wants more
Me and you
In the article I discuss the different functions and meanings of bronze bear-tooth pendants in the Finnish Late Iron Age (800-1150/1300 CE). I first focus on an analysis of the pendants in terms of archaeological methodology: chronology, typology and find context. The second focus on attention, and in this article the most important one, is on the interpretation on these pendants. They are usually interpreted as magical items, amulets. In my opinion this is not the only possible interpretation. I suggest that the pendants can be interpreted as magical or religious, but that their possible protective use as amulets does not exclude other functions, such as a decorative and/or social one. I emphasise the possibility that bear-tooth pendants may be linked to a symbolic form of expression involving the idea of control of the forest and wilderness. Finnish folk tradition and mythology point to a metaphoric and metonymic relationshiop on the one hand between the bear and the wilderness, on the otehr the bear and women. The bronze bear-tooth pendatns - possibly worn only by women - may have carried a symbolic message of control over the wilderness; this control could have been mythology-based and practised by ritual acts; at the same time it could also take the form of concrete acts, such as utilization of the wilderness: a fur-based economy and control over the fur trade.
The little bear stories
Belinda and the bears go to school
Evaluation of the finnish national policy on large carnivores
Att leva i björnland : A guide to brown bear country
Horrible bear!
Predators : the whole tooth-and-claw story
Community structure of forage plants consumed by black bears in the Nimpkish Valley, British Columbia
This is the kiss
The great big sleep
How bear lost his tail
Sinclair, the wonder bear
The best birthday present ever!
Habitat use and population dynamics of brown bears (Ursus arctos) in Scandinavia
The bravest ever bear
Bears of the world
Big Brown Bear's up and down day
How to hug with Hugless Douglas
Bear's new friend
bear rituals found among the southern Khanty (about 1900) and the southern Sami (about 1750).
The bedtime bear : a lift-the-flap book
With lots of love forever : a collection of cosy stories
Are you sure Mother Bear?
Photographing wild brown bear in Finland = Karhun valokuvaus
Bear, bird and frog
The bear in Germanic legend
Wild ones :  a sometimes dismaying, weirdly reassuring story about looking at people looking at animals in America
The 13 1/2 lives of Captain Bluebear : being the demibiography of a seagoing bear, with numerous illustrations and excerpts from the 'Encyclopaedia of the marvels, life forms and other phenomena of Zamonia and its environs' by Professor Abdullah Nightingale
BA brthday for bear
Bear signs and ecoturism
Who ate auntie Iris?
Bear in love
From the unbearable bond to the gift imaginary : arch-aic bear ceremonials revisited
The three bears
The king of the forest
The little bear book
The 'bear ceremonial' and bear rituals among the Khanty and the Sami
The bear, the warrior and the great mother : the cult of the bear in Celtic traditions
Brown bear treasury
Bear feels sick
Hairy bear
The Melting Sea
Snow bear
Happy birthday, Hugless Douglas!
Physiology of the European brown bear (Ursus arctos arctos)
River of the lost bears
A young aspiring bear spotter ventures into bear country. But coming face-to-face with the furry creatures themselves, whether black or brown, can be dangerous, and our protagonist, accompanied by a trusty teddy bear, might need to use some unconventional means to stay out of trouble and avoid being (gulp!) eaten. – Provided by publisher.
The four bears finally reach Toklo's home in the mountains, but it has come at a price--Yakone is ill and may not survive and Lusa might need to leave her friends behind to discover her own purpose.
Are trolls, bears and Sámis people too? : considering the mythic ethnography of Old Norse culture
The people of the Great Bear
A beginner's guide to bear spotting
Threatened species as a part of the biodiversity and multiple use of forests : an economic analysis
Hunting by indigenous peoples of charismatic mega-fauna : does human rights approach challenge the way hunting by indigenous peoples is regulated?
Fire in the sky
MAJAVAT JA HARMAAKARHUT
Hugless Douglas
Bears, bears, bears!
Bear and turtle and the great lake race
A birthday for bear
River of lost bears
Data on the Finnish bear, mainly from the period 1960 - 1971, were collected from various sources. Of the bears killed during the period 1960 - 1971, the sex of 536 was determined and the age of 666. The present range of the bear in Finland covers a narrow zone on the eastern frontier in North Karelia and Kainuu, and eastern and central parts of Lapland...
Professor Bumble and the monster of the deep
The late Iron Age bear-tooth pendants in Finland : symbolic mediators between women, bears, and wilderness?
Are you sad, Little Bear? : a book about learning to say goodbye
The story of the bear wife in nordic tradition
Hugless Douglas and the big sleep
A bear-y tale
Bears : a potrait of the animal world
I need a wee!
The bear in Greek mythology
The melting sea
The very grumpy day
What a mess!
Great Bear Lake
The bear who stared
A letter for bear
Toklo, Kallik, Lusa, and Yakone trek onward toward the Melting Sea, the site of Kallik's traumatic cubhood--and prepare to be separated for the first time since their journey began
Nothing can frighten a bear
Peace at last
The mysterious earth
Brown bears : wildlife paradise
The great moon confusion
Island of shadows
Boris saves the show
Love from Paddington
A dog called Bear
Something about a bear
Bearspotting is a dangerous business - you ought to take it seriously, you know. So here's what you need to know for starters - black bears are dangerous and black, brown bears are dangerous and brown. Although sometimes black bears can be a little brown, and brown bears can be a little black. This picture book will tell you all you need to know when walking in BEAR COUNTRY.
Snowflake in my pocket
The missing spaghetti
Genetic structure of the brown bears (Ursus arctos) in Northern Europe
A very important day
I love you more and more
The bear and the piano
Forest of wolves
Bears
There's a bison bouncing on the bed!
Spirits in the stars
From antiquity to the Middle Ages, the bear's centrality in cults and mythologies left traces in European languages, literatures, and legends. Michel Pastoureau considers how this once venerated creature was deposed by Christianity and continued to sink lower in the symbolic bestiary before rising again in Pyrrhic triumph as the teddy bear.
The effects of habitat and human activity on daybed selection in brown bears
Herobear and the Kid. volume 1 : The inheritance
Knock! Knock! Knock! : who's there?
The songs of the bear in hunt rituals, in the Old and New Kalevala
The last wilderness
Bear adventure
Estimating cost functions for the four large carnivores in Sweden
Management of large carnivores in Estonia
The bedtime bear : a pop-up book for bedtime
Ben and the bear
Forest of the wolves
Meet happy bear
Bear stays up for Christmas
The quest begins
I love my grandpa
The hugging bears
Goldilocks and just the one bear
Paddington at the rainbow's end
Antioxidant capacities and antioxidants of strawberry, blackberry and raspberry leaves
Bear feels scared
The very cranky bear
Bear's bad mood
BEARS OF THE WORLD
A long winter's nap ; Flight of the penguin
