http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21518 swords
swords
Swordfighting : for writers, game designers and martial artists
The eternal champion
Cut & thrust : European swords and swordsmanship
London silver-hilted swords : their makers, suppliers and allied traders, with directory
Bleach. Vol. 14, White tower rocks
Elric of Melniboné
The sacred blacksmith. Volume 2
Blade of the immortal. Vol. 22, Footsteps
The tawny man trilogy : [3-book bundle]
Bleach. Vol. 19, The black moon rising
The illustrated encyclopedia of knives, daggers & bayonets : an authoritative and visual directory of sharp-edged weapons and blades from around the world
Naval weapons : a National Maritime Museum publication
Blade of the immortal. Vol. 26, Blizzard
British military swords : from 1800 to the present day
The farseer trilogy : [3-book bundle]
Pictorial history of swords and bayonets including dirks and daggers
The sword in Anglo-Saxon England : its archaeology and literature
The Swordsman's Companion : a modern training manual for medieval longsword
Japanese swords : cultural icons of a nation : the history, metallurgy and iconography of the Samurai sword
The wise man's fear
Dragon age : the stolen throne
The Indian sword
The dirks and rapiers of Great Britain and Ireland
Swords of the Viking age
Mastering the samurai sword : a full-color, step-by-step guide
Free Willy. 2
An application of the methodology of experimental archaeology to scientific iron-working experiments : the making of early medieval sword blade inscriptions as an example
Medieval weapons : an illustrated history of their impact
Bleach. Vol. 24, Immanent god blues
Bleach. Vol. 11, A star and a stray dog
Bleach. Vol. 7, The broken coda
Rurouni Kenshin. Vol. 2, The two hitokiri
The sword and the centuries : or old sword days and old sword ways : being a description of the various swords used in civilized Europe during the last five centuries, and of single combats which have been fought with them
The illustrated world encyclopedia of knives, swords, spears & daggers through history in over 1500 photographs
Bleach. Vol. 12, Flower on the precipice
The book of the sword
Kaukasiske våben fra Eremitagemuseet, Skt. Petersborg : våbenkunst i Kaukasus og Transkaukasien i det 18.-19. århundrede = Caucasian arms from the State Hermitage Museum, St. Petersburg : the art of weaponry in Caucasus and Transcaucasia in the 18th and 19th centuries
Bleach. Vol. 5, Right arm of the giant
Russkoe holodnoe oružie XVIII-XX vv. : opredelitel' = Russian edged weapons, polearms & bayonets, 18-20th c.. Tom 1
Elric : Stormbringer!
Mirror of the soul
Blade of the immortal. Vol. 20, Demon Lair
Russian military swords 1801-1917
The Reaver
Japanese swords : Cultural icons of a nation ; The history, metallurgy and iconography of the Samurai swords
On silent wings. Vol 2
Bleach. Vol. 2, Goodbye parakeet, good night my sister
Rurouni Kenshin. Vol. 9, Arrival in Kyoto
The arts of the Japanese sword
Blade of the immortal. Vol. 23, Scarlet swords
The world encyclopedia of knives, daggers & bayonets : an authoritative history and visual directory of small edged weapons from around the world shown in over 700 stunnig colour photographs
The Swords of Britain
Bleach. Vol. 4, Quincy Archer hates yoy
Ravenheart : a novel of the Rigante
Frail human heart
Rurouni Kenshin. Vol. 1, Meiji swordsman romantic story
Lone Wolf and Cub. Volume 27, Battle's eve
Bleach. Vol. 21, Be my family or not
The gathering. 2
Bleach. Vol. 17, Rosa Rubicundior, Lilio Candidior
The night itself
The magic sword
Sparrow net
Bleach. Vol. 26, The Mascaron drive
Inheritance, or The vault of souls
The calling
Swords of Medieval Karelia
Bleach. Vol. 20, End of hypnosis
The misenchanted sword
Blade of the immortal. [Vol. 26] : Blizzard
Rurouni Kenshin. Vol. 7, In the 11th year of Meiji, may 14th
An introduction to European swords
Mastering the art of arms. Volume 2, The medieval longsword
Meet Mike the Knight
New studies of viking age and medieval swords from the collection of the National Museum of Finland
The Japanese sword : a comprehensive guide
Ordena Rossii = The orders of Russia
Lady Snowblood. Vol 3 : Retribution. part 1
Kvothe takes his first steps on the path of the hero as he attempts to uncover the truth about the mysterious Amyr, the Chandrian, and the death of his parents. Along the way, Kvothe is put on trial by the legendary Adem mercenaries, forced to reclaim the honor of the Edema Ruh, and travels into the Fae realm where he meets Felurian, the faerie woman no man can resist.
The rapier and small-sword, 1460-1820
Lady Snowblood. Vol 4 : Retribution. part 2
The illustrated encyclopedia of swords and sabres : an authoritative history and visual directory of edged weapons from around the world, shown in over 800 stunning colour pictures
Swords and hilt weapons
Rapiers : an Illustrated Reference Guide to the Rapiers of the 16th and 17th Centuries, with their Companions
Swords and daggers in late bronze age Canaan
Cry of the worm
Shadow warrior : PlayStation 4
Dreamsong
Bloodfire Quest
Collectors guide to swords, daggers & cutlasses
After two hundred years of exile, King Maric has allowed the legendary Grey Wardens to finally return to Ferelden. When they come home, however, they bring dire news: one of their own has escaped into the Deep Roads and aligned himself with their ancient enemy, the monstrous darkspawn.  The Grey Wardens need Maric's help, and he reluctantly agrees to lead them into the passages he traveled through many years before, chasing after a deadly secret that will threaten to destroy not only the Grey Wardens but also the kingdom above.
Records of the medieval sword
The art of Japanese swordsmanship : a manual of eishin-ryu iaido
Blade of the immortal. Vol. 27, Mist on the spider's web
Mike the Knight and the scary dragons
Bleach. Vol. 18, The Deathberry returns
"In this third book of the Sundering series kicked off by R.A. Salvatore and the dark elf Drizzt, SCRIBE award-winning author Erin M. Evans thrusts her signature character Farideh into a maelstrom of devilish politics and magical intrigue that will have far-reaching implications for the future of the Forgotten Realms.  As the chaos of the Sundering rages around her, young warlock Farideh faces a more personal turmoil wrought by a deal she made with a devil years ago. Hoping to protect her twin sister, she leaves everything she holds dear to assist a wizard in a scheme that pits the devils of the Nine Hells against the gods above.  But when Farideh casts the spell to enter the wizard's remote mountaintop fortress, she picks up a stowaway--a Harper agent named Dahl who isn't so inclined to follow devilish demands. Dahl attempts to escape only to run into a village of odd people, lurking behind an impenetrable wall.  Forced to gaze into the villagers' souls, Farideh points out the ones who seem different, only to watch as the wizard's guard carts them off to fates unknown. Are these villagers or prisoners? Are they blessed or doomed by the gods? As the wizard's guessing game proves more and more diabolical, Farideh resolves to unravel his secrets--even if it means she'll lose her own soul to the Nine Hells"--
Sword in the storm
Lethal elegance : the art of samurai sword fittings
The swords of glass
Rurouni Kenshin. Vol. 8, On the east sea road
The extraordinary adventures of Alfred Kropp
Knives : an illustrated encyclopedia of knives for fighting, hunting and survival
Mastering the Art of Arms. Volume 2, The Medieval Longsword
The sacred blacksmith. Volume 1
Blade of the immortal. [Vol. 25] : Snowfall at dawn
Lady Snowblood. Vol 1 : The Deep-seated grudge. part 1
Royal armouries and their collections
Rurouni Kenshin. Vol. 6, No worries
Samurai : the weapons and spirit of the Japanese warrior
The Godborn
Beasts
Hawkwood and the kings
European swords
City of ashes
Bleach. Vol. 10, Tattoo on the sky
A record of European armour and arms through seven centuries. 1-5
Disease of Gladiolus caused by Bacillus variegatus Rainio n. sp
Midnight falcon
The adversary
Rurouni Kenshin. Vol. 4, Dual conclusions
Early medieval swords from Central and Eastern Europe : dilemmas of an archeologist and a student of arms
Blade of the Immortal. [vol. 27] : Mist on the spider's web
Bleach. Vol. 15, Beginning of the death of tomorrow
Samurai swords : a collector's guide to Japanese swords
Medieval swordsmanship : illustrated methods and techniques
The name of the wind
The companions
Bleach. Vol. 13, The undead
The Japanese sword : the soul of the samurai
Century of the soldier
Rurouni Kenshin. Vol. 3, A reason to act
Japanese sword fittings : a descriptive catalogue of the collection of G. H. Naunton
Night of the hunter
Bleach. 9, Fourteen days for conspiracy
The Celtic sword
Shortcut
The craft of the Japanese sword
Swords : an artist's devotion
Blade of the immortal. Vol. 24 : Massacre
Marks of Fire, Value and Faith : Swords with Ferrous Inlays in Finland during the Late Iron Age (ca. 700-1200 AD)
Kids of the round table
Bleach. Vol. 3, Memories in the rain
The warlock : the secrets of the immortal Nicholas Flamel
The gathering
Shadow warrior : Xbox One
The outsiders
Bleach. Vol. 16, Night of Wijnruit
The Duellist's Companion : a training manual for 17th century Italian rapier
The sword of the templars
On the perfection of anatomy
Edged weapons
Swords and Hilt weapons
Bleach. Vol. 6, The death trilogy overture
The illustrated guide to viking martial arts
Blade of the immortal. Vol. 21, Demon Lair II
Heart of darkness
The sword in the age of chivalry
"In the 4th book of the multi-author Sundering series launched by New York Times best-selling author R.A. Salvatore, Richard Lee Byers introduces Anton Marivaldi--a renowned reaver with an insatiable thirst for bounty and a moral compass that always leads him toward the evil he's never tried.  Endless, pounding rain afflict the Sea of Fallen Stars and the coastal regions surrounding it. Harvests are failing, travel and trade are disrupted, and civilized forces are giving way to the deluges caused by the storms. In panic and despair, many have turned to the goddess Umberlee, Queen of the Deeps, offering her sacrifices with hope that they will be spared the inevitable reckoning of her perpetual tempest.  Evendur Highcastle, undead pirate captain, risen from the depths to assume the mantle of Umberlee's Chosen, takes advantage of the people's desperation to strike for both spiritual and temporal power in her name.  Vying with Highcastle for the hearts and minds of the people is Stedd Whitehorn, a little boy and the chosen of a god thought lost to time: Lathander, the Morninglord. In a time of such upheaval, Stedd's message of renewal and hope runs in stark contrast to the savage ethos of Highcastle and his waveservants.  When Anton captures the boy in order to collect Highcastle's considerable bounty, the reaver is quickly caught in the riptide caused by the sundering of worlds"--
A collector's guide to swords, daggers & cutlasses
Lady Snowblood. Vol 2 : The Deep-seated grudge. part 2
The art of the Japanese sword : as taught by the experts
Mike the Knight and the mighty shield
By the sword : gladiators, musketeers, samurai, swashbucklers, and olympic champions
The winged histories
Bleach. Vol. 8, The blade and me
