http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21544 trainer education
trainer education
Instructor competencies : standards for face-to-face, online, and blended settings
Recommendations for the training of instructions and on-the-job trainers
Advanced training for trainers in Europe. Volume 1, Curriculum description
Becoming a teacher educator : theory and practice for teacher educators
Training for trainers: further and complementary development for training professionals : the experience of the Eurotecnet programme
The human resource development handbook
Abstract.
Since the 1960s, Martin Luther King, Jr., has personified black leadership with his use of direct action protests against white authority. A century ago, in the era of Jim Crow, Booker T. Washington pursued a different strategy to lift his people. In this compelling biography, Norrell reveals how conditions in the segregated South led Washington to call for a less contentious path to freedom and equality. He urged black people to acquire economic independence and to develop the moral character that would ultimately gain them full citizenship. Although widely accepted as the most realistic way to integrate blacks into American life during his time, Washington's strategy has been disparaged since the 1960s.The first full-length biography of Booker T. in a generation, "Up from History" recreates the broad contexts in which Washington worked: He struggled against white bigots who hated his economic ambitions for blacks, African-American intellectuals like W.E.B. Du Bois who resented his huge influence, and such inconstant allies as Theodore Roosevelt. Norrell details the positive power of Washington's vision, one that invoked hope and optimism to overcome past exploitation and present discrimination. Indeed, his ideas have since inspired peoples across the Third World that there are many ways to struggle for equality and justice. "Up from History" reinstates this extraordinary historical figure to the pantheon of black leaders, illuminating not only his mission and achievement but also, poignantly, the man himself.
Teacher professionalism in further and higher education : challenges to culture and practice
Demystifying outcomes assessment for international educators : a practical approach
Sales training basics
Adult and continuing education : major themes in education. Vol. 4, Teaching, learning and research
Perspectives on the age of the information society
Everything you ever needed to know about training : a one-stop shop for everyone interested in training, learning and development
The paradoxes of action learning : an interpretive and critical inquiry into vocational educators' professional development
Tsuda Umeko and women's education in Japan
Empowering the nursing profession through mentorship. Handbook 3, guidance for mentors
Trainer and training
Self-development in business coach training : case study: Certified Progress Coach®
The handbook for organizational change : strategy and skill for trainers and developers
Virtual worlds, real libraries : librarians and educators in Second Life and other multi-user virtual environments
Powerful techniques for teaching adults
Adult education teachers : designing critical literacy practices
Enacting a pedagogy of teacher education : values, relationships and practices
Summary: Creating an educational and training culture at the Finnish Defence Forces.
National pathways and European dimensions of trainers' professional development
The adult learner : the definitive classic in adult education and human resource development
Educating the educators in tourim : a manual of tourism and hospitality education
Developing skills for efficient communication with people from different cultural backgrounds : basic trainer competencies
The professional teacher educator : roles, behaviour, and professional development of teacher educators
Teacher educators as integrators of research and practice
TTnet dossier. 1, Trends in the development of training and the role of innovation as transferable practice
Empowering the nursing profession through mentorship. Handbook 2, guidance for programme teacher
Teacher educators amid conflicting demands : tensions between individual and organizational development
Customer service intelligence : perspectives for human resources and training
What smart trainers know : the secrets of success from the world's foremost experts
Conceptions of mathematics teacher education : thoughts among teacher educators in Tanzania
The simulator instructor's handbook
Teaching and training in post-compulsory education
Learning to teach adults : an introduction
Up from history : the life of Booker T. Washington
Competence framework for VET professions : handbook for practitioners
How to get a PhD : a handbook for students and their supervisors
Open and distance learning and the professionalisation of trainers
