http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21539 communication studies
communication studies
The SAGE handbook of media processes and effects
"A frank assessment of the failings of journalism today and what needs to be done in order to provide the knowledge-based reporting necessary to maintain the health of our democratic political process"--
Progress in communication sciences. Volume 13, Advances in persuasion
Key concepts in communication and cultural studies
"I was a woman who was not a woman" : power and gendered speech in Scarpetta and the Scarpetta Factor
Routledge handbook of applied communication research
Developing marketing and communication : Case Tampere Chamber of Commerce and Industry
The marketing book
Farewell to media studies as a science : an analysis and critique of media studies, human sciences and their methodology
Understanding media : the extensions of man
Progress in communication sciences : an annual review. Vol. 4
the book begins with an overview of mass communication research and the ethics of research. It then explores each major approach to research, including qualitative research, content analysis, survey research, longitudinal research, and experimental research. The text continues with a section on data analysis and concludes with a forward-looking section on applying research methods to the primary areas of interest including print, electronic media, advertising, and public relations. Coverage of mass media research and the Internet, which was presented in a concluding chapter in the previous edition, has now been integrated as appropriate throughout the text.
Why information systems and software engineering students enter and leave their study programme : a factor model and process theory
The Routledge companion to alternative and community media
Theories of communication
Technical communication as an activity system: a practitioner’s perspective
Finland, cultural lone wolf
Suomen tilastollinen vuosikirja 2005 = Statistisk årsbok för Finland 2005 = Statistical yearbook of Finland 2005.
Semiotics and communication : signs, codes, cultures
Intercultural communication : an advanced resource book
Reading media theory : thinkers, approaches and contexts
The development of communication as a discipline has resulted in an explosion of scales tapping various aspects of interpersonal, mass, organizational, and instructional communication. This sourcebook brings together scales that measure a variety of important communication constructs. The scales presented are drawn from areas of interpersonal, mass, organizational, and instructional communication--areas in which the use of formal, quantitative scales is particularly well developed. Communication Research Measures reflects the recent important emphasis on developing and improving the measurement base of the communication discipline. It results in an equal amount of labor saved on the part of the scholars, students, and practitioners who find this book useful, and it contributes in a significant way to research efforts. Originally published by Guilford Press in 1994, now available from Routledge.
The international history of communication study
How to Expand a Foreign Online Shop to Finland : Case: Trotec GmbH Co & KG
The praxis of social inequality in media : a global perspective
Dictionary of media and communication studies
The internet has changed the way we communicate and so changed society and culture. Internet, Society, and Culture offers an understanding of this change by examining two case studies of pre and post internet communication. The first case study is of letters sent to and from Australia in 1835-1858 and the second is a study of online gaming. In both case studies, the focus is on the ways communication is created. The result is the definition of two types of communication that are lived simultaneously in the twenty-first century. One type of communication is from before the internet and relies on the body having touched and created a message-for example, by attaching signature-to stabilise the nature of sender, message and receiver. Internet-dependant communication is different because no identity-marker can be trusted on the internet and so individuals' styles of communicating are used to stabilise the transmission of messages. Being after the internet means having to live these two contradictory forms of communication.
Audience research methodologies : between innovation and consolidation
Interpersonal communication competence and collaborative interaction in SME internationalization
New documentary ecologies : emerging platforms, practices and discourses
Communication research : asking questions, finding answers
On communicating : otherness, meaning and information
Trends in communication policy research : new theories, methods and subjects
An active attitude and the spirit of doing : hands-on work and results at the Information Technology department of Oulu UAS
"Based on an in-depth examination of Mexico's print and broadcast media over the last twenty-five years, this book is the most richly detailed account available of the role of the media in democratization, demonstrating the reciprocal relationship between changes in the press and changes in the political system. In addition to illuminating the nature of political change in Mexico, this accessibly written study also has broad implications for understanding the role of the mass media in democratization around the world." --Publisher's description.
Introduction to mass communication : media literacy and culture
Cultural and contextual shaping of scholarly communication : publishing and reading practices in Finnish state research institutes
Progress in communication sciences. Vol. 11
Media events in a global age
Progress in communication sciences. Vol. 9
Adolescent online social communication and behavior : relationship formation on the Internet
Communication connections : from Aristotle to the Internet
The Routledge Handbook of Applied Communication Research provides a state-of-the-art review of communication scholarship that addresses real-world concerns, issues, and problems. This comprehensive examination of applied communication research - including its foundations, research methods employed, significant issues confronted, important contexts in which such research has been conducted, and overviews of some exemplary programs of applied communication research shows how such research has and can make a difference in the world and in people's lives. Unique to this volume are chapters presenting exemplary programs of applied communication research that demonstrate the principles and practices of such scholarship, written by the scholars who conducted the programs.
50 ways to understand communication : a guided tour of key ideas and theorists in communication, media, and culture
Affective Methodologies reacts to a challenge: How to trace and understand the immaterial forces of affects as cultural researchers? Its aim is thus to contribute to the development of methodologies that enable cultural researchers and students to investigate affective processes empirically. It defines affective methods as innovative strategies for 1) asking research questions and formulating research agendas relating to affective processes, for 2) collecting or producing embodied data and for 3) making sense of this data in order to produce academic knowledge. It furthermore presents affective research using inventive experiments, embodied forms of fieldwork or innovative approaches to the reading for affects in texts and writing. It presents studies of nightclubs, YouTube memes, political provocations, heritage sites, education development, and haunting memories. In this way, the collection serves as an inspiration for all academics embarking on or developing empirical research strategies to understand affects' predominant role in cultural life.
The Impact of Information Communication Technology on Small and Medium Scale Enterprises Productivity In Nigeria
Progress in communication sciences. Volume 14, Mutual influence in interpersonal communication : theory and research in cognition, affect, and behavior
Relational dialectics in intercultural couples' relationships
The handbook of communication history
The hidden life of trees : what they feel, how they communicate : discoveries from a secret world
Marketing hospitality
Making media studies : the creativity turn in media and communications studies
Acquisition of new members/support for Amnesty International
ICT cluster study Helsinki region
Administrative communication
The role of information and communication technologies (ICTs) within an educational bilingual programme in Finland : a case study under CLIL approach perception
Mapping media and communication research : Japan
Politics and the Twitter revolution : how tweets influence the relationship between political leaders and the public
Progress in communication sciences. Vol. 7
Informing the news : the need for knowledge-based journalism
Making sense of media : key texts in media and cultural studies
Understanding change : theory, implementation and success
Discourse and creativity
Quantitative research methods for communication : a hands-on approach
The Handbook of Media Audiences
Cyberculture and new media
Innovative methods in media and communication research
Media and communication : studies interventions and intersections : the intellectual work of the 2010 ECRA European media and communication doctoral summer school
The SAGE handbook of advanced data analysis methods for communication research
Essentials of marketing
Change is now so commonplace that people no longer talk in terms of the "whitewater epoch". Every sector of the economies of the developed world has experienced huge swathes of change in the last decade of the twentieth century alone. Increased global competition, aided and abetted by technological advances, has led many organizations to seek to re-invent themselves in the hope of being able to survive and thrive. In mature sectors in particular, where the pace of consolidation is accelerating, organizations have had little option but to grow through acquisition or be absorbed. Whether the change is labelled "continuous process improvement", "restructuring", "downsizing" or re-engineering", to employees, change usually brings with it added pressures, job insecurity and a consequent loss of commitment to the organization. Understanding Change: theory, implementation and success argues that strategic change in the new millennium will be geared increasingly to achieving sustainable high performance, rather than just short-term gains. Most theorists now agree that the real challenge of change lies in gaining employees" willingness to commit to the change effort. Change leaders at every level need to be able to understand the elements at work in any change process, and to use judgement about the style of leadership required to give the change effort the best chance of success. Understanding Change: theory, implementation and success provides an overview of change and organizational theory, leading in particular to the author"s definition of the "input" elements of the high performance organisation, based on extensive research into UK and international organisations. It also contains a section looking at the management of change, with case studies illustrating approaches to managing change which are conducive to achieving sustainable high performance. In her companion book, The High Performance Organization- creating dynamic stability, the author explores some of the "how to"s" of building an organizational culture which is supportive of high performance in today"s challenging environment.
Researching interpersonal relationships : qualitative methods, studies, and analysis
Fundraising and investor relations in social enterprise : Marketing your way out of the pioneer gap in African off-grid renewable energy
Digital Optimism and the Case for Caution
Understanding media and culture : an introduction to mass communication
Communication capability
Cultural Differences between Finnish and Japanese Cultures - Enhancing Active Project’s Design Management
English summary: At the information market. Earnings game in financial press releases in Finland.
Advances in visual methodology
The media in the network society : browsing, news, filters and citizenship
The paradigms of e-Education:an analysis of the communication structures in the research on information and communication technology integration in education in the years 2000–2001
Mapping media and communication research : the Netherlands
Voice & matter : communication, development and the cultural return
Media movements : civil society and media policy reform in Latin America
Progress in communication sciences. Vol. 8
Crisis Management in Hotel Business in Finland : Viewpoint of the Receptionists
Consistency and change in Finnish broadcasting policy : the implementation of digital television and lessons from the Canadian experience
Communicating the environmental performance of wood products
Arguments, aggression, and conflict : new directions in theory and research
"The last decade has witnessed the rise of the cell phone from a mode of communication to an indispensable multimedia device, and this phenomenon has led to the burgeoning of mobile communication studies in media, cultural studies, and communication departments across the academy. The Routledge Companion to Mobile Media seeks to be the definitive publication for scholars and students interested in comprehending all the various aspects of mobile media. This collection, which gathers together original articles by a global roster of contributors from a variety of disciplines, sets out to contextualize the increasingly convergent areas surrounding social, geosocial, and mobile media discourses. Features include:comprehensive and interdisciplinary models and approaches for analyzing mobile media; wide-ranging case studies that draw from this truly global field, including China, Africa, Southeast Asia, the Middle East, and Latin America, as well as Europe, the UK, and the US; a consideration of mobile media as part of broader media ecologies and histories; chapters setting out the economic and policy underpinnings of mobile media; explorations of the artistic and creative dimensions of mobile media; studies of emerging issues such as ecological sustainability; up-to-date overviews on social and locative media by pioneers in the field. Drawn from a range of theoretical, artistic, and cultural approaches, The Routledge Companion to Mobile Media will serve as a crucial reference text to inform and orient those interested in this quickly expanding and far-reaching field"--
Introduction to communication studies
Mediating the message in the 21st century : a media Sociology perspective
The teacher as interface : teachers of EFL in ICT-rich environments : beliefs, practices, appropriation
"This edited volume addresses the pressing need to establish a unified theoretical framework for adolescent online social communication research, specifically, identify the role and function of the Internet in adolescent social communication behavior, dynamic relationships among such things as adolescent social-psychological needs, personality, and social norms in online communication, and theories with practices in adolescent online social communication"--Provided by publisher.
Basic readings in communication theory
Communication theory : epistemological foundations
The Toronto school of communication theory : interpretations, extensions, applications
The international encyclopedia of communication
Pedagogies of media and information literacies
Nordic media : concepts and current issues
Key thinkers in critical communication scholarship : from the pioneers to the next generation
Interpersonal evaluation of knowledge in distributed team collaboration
How talking computers will recreate an oral culture by mid-21st century
NordMedia 2007 : 18th Nordic Concerence on Media and Communication Research, Helsinki, 16-19 August 2007
Communication theories : perspectives, processes, and contexts
Transforming visions : feminist critiques in communication studies
Applied Communication Research Methods: Getting Started as a Researcher demonstrates how to apply concepts to research problems, issues, projects, and questions that communication practitioners face every day. Recognizing that students engage more directly with research methods when they experience research through hands-on practice, authors Michael Boyle and Mike Schmierbach developed this text to demonstrate the relevance of research in professional roles and communication careers. Along with its distinctive approach to research methods instruction, this text also serves as an enhanced glossary and a superior reference. Students can easily navigate key concepts and terminology, which are linked to practical exercises within the context of the instruction. In-unit activities and features provide numerous opportunities to delve further into topics covered in class, including: Research in Depth – examples of a concept being used in scholarly research Reflect and React – thought-provoking problems and issues that promote reflection and discussion Voices from Industry – Q&As with professionals working in communication industries End-of-unit activities – exercises that reinforce concepts and content.
The imaginary : word and image = L'Imaginaire : texte et image
The paradigms of e-Education : an analysis of the communication structures in the research on information and communication technology integration in education in the years 2000-2001
Mapping communtication and media research in the UK
Mapping communication and media research : conjunctures, institutions, challenges
Critical media studies : an introduction
Applied communication research methods : getting started as a researcher
Communication and law : multidisciplinary approaches to research
Progress in communication sciences : an annual review. Vol. 5
Finding a right way to communicate : evaluation of communication practices in a multicultural project
Nonlinear Distortion in Wireless Systems: Modelling and Simulation with Matlab(r) describes the principles of modeling and simulation of nonlinear distortion in single and multichannel wireless communication systems using both deterministic and stochastic signals. Models and simulation methods of nonlinear amplifiers explain in detail how to analyze and evaluate the performance of data communication links under nonlinear amplification. The book deals with the analysis of nonlinear systems with stochastic inputs and establishes the performance metrics of communication systems with regard to nonlinearity. The relationship between nonlinear system parameters (which are model dependent) and system performance figures of merit is established when the input to the system consists of real-world communication signals. The book also addresses the problem of how to embed models of distortion in system-level simulators such as MATLAB&trade; and MATLAB Simulink&trade; where practical techniques that professionals can use immediately on their projects are presented. The book explores simulation and programming issues and provides a comprehensive reference of simulation tools for nonlinearity in wireless communication systems.
Organizational internal communication : case Tanssipaviljonki Tulenliekki
Research methods and the new media
The new media handbook
Regulation, awareness, empowerment : young people and harmful media content in the digital age
Communication in high technology product development projects : project personnel’s viewpoint for improvement
Challenge in Content Acquisition for Project Plan : Case Future Learning Lapland
The citizen in communication : re-visiting traditional, new and community media practices in South Africa
Internet, society and culture : communicative practices before and after the Internet
Fashion marketing
Mapping media and communication research : Belgium
Knowledge sharing in virtual teams : action research
Improving Customer-Based Brand Equity: On-line and Off-line Programs for B2C Company -- Case Company: VANCL
Mapping communication and media research : paradigms, institutions, challenges
Humor as a marketing communications tool : A case of a Finnish e-retailer
The imaginary as a critical concept originated in the twentieth century and has been theorized in diverse ways. It can be understood as a register of thought; the way we interpret the world; the universe of images, signs, texts, and objects of thought. In this volume, it is explored as it manifests itself in encounters between the verbal and the visual. A number of the essays brought together here explore the transposition of the imaginary in illustrations of texts and verbal renditions of images, as well as in comic books based on paintings or on verbal narratives. Others analyze ways in which books deal with film or television and investigate the imaginary in digital media. Special attention is paid to the imaginary of places and the relationship of the imaginary with memory. Written in English and French, these contributions by European and American scholars demonstrate the various concerns and approaches characteristic of contemporary scholarship in word and image studies.
Progress in communication sciences : an annual review. Vol. 3
Quantitative research in communication
White Field, black seeds : Nordic literacy practices in the long nineteenth century
Health Economics and Outcome Studies on Type 2 Diabetes Education and Screening in a Chinese Population
A century of communication studies : the unfinished conversation
The theory and practice of political communication research
A case study. Evaluation of utilization of ITIL Service Design Framework service definitions in hosting contract
Sustainable Marketing  : The Importance of Being a Sustainable Business
A handbook of media and communication research : qualitative and quantitative methodologies
Understanding media users : from theory to practice
Communication research measures : a sourcebook. 2
Mapping media and communication research : France
Current trends in media research
Progress in communication sciences. Vol. 2
Politics and the Twitter Revolution: How Tweets Influence the Relationship between Political Leaders and the Public by John H. Parmelee and Shannon L. Bichard is the first comprehensive examination of how Twitter is used politically. Surveys and in-depth interviews with political Twitter users answer several important questions, including: Who follows the political leaders on Twitter, and why? How persuasive are political tweets? Is political Twitter use good for democracy? These and other questions are answered from theoretical perspectives, such as uses and gratifications, word-of-mouth communication, selective exposure, innovation characteristics, and the continuity-discontinuity framework. In addition, content analysis and frame analysis illustrate how political leaders' tweets frame their policies and personalities. The findings in Politics and the Twitter Revolution show Twitter to be surprisingly influential on political discourse. Twitter has caused major changes in how people engage politically. Followers regularly take actions that are requested in leaders' tweets, and, in many cases, leaders' tweets shape followers' political views more than friends and family. Other findings raise concerns. For some, Twitter use contributes to political polarization, and there is frequently a disconnect between what followers expect from leaders on Twitter and what those leaders are giving them.
Ethnographies of the videogame : gender, narrative and praxis
The distant present
Progress in communication sciences. Vol. 6
Mapping communication and media research : Estonia
Javnost - the public : journal of the European Institute for Communication and Culture
Media ethics and justice in the age of globalization
The international encyclopedia of media studies, volume I : media history and the foundations of media studies
English summary: A look into media phenomenology. Conceptualizing media utilizing Martin Heidegger's existential phenomenology.
The Effectiveness of Social Media as a Marketing Communication Tactic : Case Gina Tricot Ltd
Internet studies : past, present and future directions
Engaging theories in family communication : multiple perspectives
Psychological Contract and Organizational Communication between University Middle Managers
Handbook of comparative communication research
Affective methodologies : developing cultural research strategies for the study of affect
Mapping communication and media research : Germany
Marketing plan : case study: HappyWise Trainer
Nordmedia 2007 : 18th Nordic Conference on Media and Communication Research ; Helsinki, 16-19 August 2007
Finding McLuhan : the mind/the man/the message
Progress in communication sciences. Volume 12, edited by William D. Richards, Jr., George A. Barnett
Communication research measures : a sourcebook
From thought fo feedback : how to develop a communication campaign
Mapping communication and media research in the UK
George Gerbner : a critical introduction to media and communication theory
Theories and models of communication
Nowadays, digital solutions and social online interaction are commonly used for educational purposes. One of the pioneers who offers modern and innovative solutions for e-learning is Finnish company HappyWise Ltd. based in Oulu. Due to low resources and lack of know-how HappyWise Ltd needs support to the planning of marketing activities and therefore the authors implemented marketing plan for which market research about their e-learning programme HappyWise Trainer was conducted. Hence, the main aspect is marketing plan which includes various analyses e.g. about macro environment and competitors. Marketing mix will be outlined through 4 P’s: product, place, price and promotion. Based on these, marketing communications plan is discussed and recommendations are presented. Unfortunately the market research was unsuccessful resulting from practical part which is discussed more specifically later in this thesis. However, the marketing plan was successfully completed with the support of theoretical framework. Forthcoming step to HappyWise is to concentrate on essential marketing activities and consider having position in personnel focusing only on this.
Mapping media and communication research: Australia
The politics of metaphor : biotechnology and biodiversity in the media
The Routledge companion to mobile media
Theories of journalism in a digital age
360° Marketing and Communication Strategies Proposal
Black pioneers in communication research
Applied conversation analysis : intervention and change in institutional talk
Oulu UAS educates professionals for the needs of Northern Finland, whose competence corresponds to the needs and development of working life in the region. We react quickly to the changes occurring in working life and the requirements of new competence.    At the degree programme of Information Technology we aim to develop our teaching to include more real-life project work: our curricula include increasingly more company-related projects. This way we are able to provide our students with a more realistic view of the everyday work at companies, and also improve their employment opportunities.    The purpose of this publication is to spread the word about the projects and results achieved by the students and staff of the Information Technology department. In addition to student projects, our department is also involved in many domestic and international projects well worth mentioning. Yearly, our students complete hundreds of thesis and project work. This publication also presents good examples of our successful projects.
Encountering the changing Barents : research challenges and opportunities
Progress in communication sciences. Volume 10
The history of media and communication research : contested memories
Encyclopedia of science and technology communication
Tailoring health communication:the perspective of information users' health information behaviour in relation to their physical health status
Integration and Work-based Learning : The Case of Info Bank
Central and Eastern European media in comparative perspective : politics, economy and culture
The importance of the free flow of information and knowledge
Understanding communication research methods : a theoretical and practical approach
Critical studies in television : scholarly studies in small screen fictions
Propaganda analysis : a study of inferences made from Nazi propaganda in World War II
Marketing plan for Huaji Hotel in Hangzhou China
A Handbook of Media and Communication Research presents qualitative as well as quantitative approaches to the study of media and communication, integrating perspectives from both the social sciences and the humanities. Taking methodology as a strategic level of analysis that joins practical concerns with theoretical issues, the Handbook offers a comprehensive and in-depth review of the field and a set of guidelines for how to think about, plan, and carry out media and communication studies in different social and cultural contexts. The second edition has been thoroughly updated with reference to the development of the internet, mobile, and other digital media. Each chapter addresses shifting configurations of established media organizations, media discourses, and media users in networked practices of communication. The introduction and one further chapter probe changing conceptions on mass and interpersonal, online and offline communication -- in research as in everyday life. Three new chapters have been added to exemplify different forms of research employing multiple methods to study multiple media in multiple contexts.
Information technology development needs in community pharmacies : a strategic approach
Cultural diversity and global media : the mediation of difference
Progress in communication sciences. Volume 15, Advances in telecommunications
The Routledge Handbook of Language and Intercultural Communication constitutes a comprehensive introduction to the multidisciplinary field of intercultural communication, drawing on the expertise of leading scholars from diverse backgrounds. The Handbook is structured in five sections and covers historical perspectives, core issues and topics, and new debates in the field, with a particular focus on the language dimension. Among the key themes addressed are: the foundation of intercultural communication; core themes and issues; putting intercultural communication theory into practice; new debates and future directions. The Handbook includes an introduction and overview by the editor, which provides readers with an indication of the focus of each section and chapter. The Routledge Handbook of Language and Intercultural Communication is the ideal resource for advanced undergraduates and postgraduate students of applied linguistics, TESOL/TEFL and communication studies.
Development of ICT change management processes for Fläkt Woods Group
Boundaries, believers and bodies : a cultural analysis of a multidisciplinary research community
Mass media research : an introduction
Communication research : a half-century appraisal
Gender, modernity, and the popular press in inter-war Britain
COMMUNICATION GAPS AT SEASONAL RESTAURANT
The Routledge handbook of language and intercultural communication
Perceived social acceptability of deception as a function of culture, motive and relationship : a cross-cultural study of majority speech communities in Finland, China and the United States
Creating an Internal Communications Development Plan for Sandvik Mining and Construction
Electronic poetry : understanding poetry in the digital environment
Nonlinear distortion in wireless systems : modeling and simulation with MATLAB
Culture's Effect on Communication in a Hotel Reception
Northern ToSIA - Marketing materials from case studies
Dialogue : theorizing difference in communication studies
Building the fourth estate : democratization and the rise of a free press in Mexico
An active attitude and the spirit of doing. Hands-on work and results at the Information Technology department of Oulu UAS
