http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21591 spectacles
spectacles
Images and communities : the visual construction of the social
Music and wonder at the Medici court : the 1589 interludes for La pellegrina
The triumph of pleasure : Louis XIV & the politics of spectacle
Preface: The Formation of a Panoramaniac -- Introduction: Moving Panorama -- a Missing Medium -- The Incubation Era: Antecedents and Anticipations -- Large as Life, and Moving: The Peristrephic Panorama -- Rolling Across the Stage: The Moving Panorama and the Theatre -- Transformed By The Light: The Diorama and the "dioramas" -- The Panoramania, or The Mid-Century Moving Panorama Craze -- Panoramania in Practice: Albert Smith and his Moving Panoramas -- The Moving Panorama Performance: an Excavation -- Intermedial Tug of War, or Panoramas and Magic Lanterns -- Sensory Bombardment: a Medium's Final Fanfares -- The Discursive Transfiguration of the Moving Panorama -- Conclusion: From Panoramas to Media Culture.
Public spectacles in Roman and late antique Palestine
Mega-events and globalization : capital and spectacle in a changing world order
The Games : a global history of the Olympics
Illusions in motion : media archaeology of the moving panorama and related spectacles
Eye protein : the cinema of attractions in Guillermo del Toro's Hellboy films
The melodramatic thread : spectacle and political culture in modern France
Cecil B. DeMille : the art of the Hollywood epic
Aesthetic constructions of Korean nationalism : spectacle, politics, and history
Understanding sports culture
Science and spectacle in the European Enlightenment
The ruined bridge : studies in Barberini patronage of music and spectacle, 1631-1679
30 Years of WrestleMania
Enemies in the plaza : urban spectacle and the end of Spanish frontier culture, 1460-1492
Sport and spectacle in the ancient world
Approches de l'opéra : actes du colloque AISS = Approaches of the opera : proceedings of the IASPA seminar (Royaumont, septembre 1984)
Public Spectacles in Roman and Late Antique Palestine introduces readers to the panoply of public entertainment that flourished in Palestine from the first century BCE to the sixth century CE. Drawing on a trove of original archaeological and textual evidence, Zeev Weiss reconstructs an ancient world where Romans, Jews, and Christians intermixed amid a heady brew of shouts, roars, and applause to watch a variety of typically pagan spectacles. Ancient Roman society reveled in many such spectacles - dramatic performances, chariot races, athletic competitions, and gladiatorial combats - that required elaborate public venues, often maintained at great expense. Wishing to ingratiate himself with Rome, Herod the Great built theaters, amphitheaters, and hippodromes to bring these forms of entertainment to Palestine. Weiss explores how the indigenous Jewish and Christian populations responded, as both spectators and performers, to these cultural imports. Perhaps predictably, the reactions of rabbinic and clerical elites did not differ greatly. But their dire warnings to shun pagan entertainment did little to dampen the popularity of these events. Herod's ambitious building projects left a lasting imprint on the region. His dream of transforming Palestine into a Roman enclave succeeded far beyond his rule, with games and spectacles continuing into the fifth century CE. By then, however, public entertainment in Palestine had become a cultural institution in decline, ultimately disappearing during Justinian's reign in the sixth century.
Toward the end of the fifteenth century, Spanish Christians near the border of Castile and Muslim-ruled Granada held complex views about religious tolerance. People living in frontier cities bore much of the cost of war against Granada and faced the greatest risk of retaliation, but had to reconcile an ideology of holy war with the genuine admiration many felt for individual members of other religious groups. After a century of near-continuous truces, a series of political transformations in Castile - including those brought about by the civil wars of Enrique IV's reign, the final war with Granada, and Fernando and Isabel's efforts to reestablish royal authority - incited a broad reaction against religious minorities. As Thomas Devaney shows, this active hostility was triggered by public spectacles that emphasized the foreignness of Muslims, Jews, and recent converts to Christianity. Enemies in the Plaza traces the changing attitudes toward religious minorities as manifested in public spectacles ranging from knightly tournaments, to religious processions, to popular festivals. Drawing on contemporary chronicles and municipal records as well as literary and architectural evidence, Devaney explores how public pageantry originally served to dissipate the anxieties fostered by the give-and-take of frontier culture and how this tradition of pageantry ultimately contributed to the rejection of these compromises. Through vivid depictions of frontier personalities, cities, and performances, Enemies in the Plaza provides an account of how public spectacle served to negotiate and articulate the boundaries between communities as well as to help Castilian nobles transform the frontier's religious ambivalence into holy war.
