http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21596 developed countries
developed countries
First world hunger revisited : food charity or the right to food?
Country presentation by the Government of Bangladesh
Understanding lifestyle migration : theoretical approaches to migration and the quest for a better way of life
How the west was lost : fifty years of economic folly - and the stark choices ahead
Poor women in rich countries : the feminization of poverty over the life course
The new population problem : why families in developed countries are shrinking and what it means
Crime, punishment, and politics in comparative perspective
Country presentation by the Government of Vanuatu
Linkages between various macroeconomic factors and stock returns in developed and developing countries in Asia
Ecology of cities and towns : a comparative approach
Country presentation by the Government of Tuvalu
Country presentation by the Government of Eritrea
The rise in unemployment
Export credits and aid : evaluation of Finnish Premixed Concessional Credit Scheme : final report
Country presentation by the Government of Malawi
The geography of agriculture in developed market economies
Public administration in developed democracies : a comparative study
This report compares child wellbeing in developed countries around the world. It includes 3 parts. Part 1 presents a league table of child well-being and details performance in the areas of material well-being, healthy and safety, education, behaviors and risks, and housing and environment. Part 2 looks at subjective well-being, and features a league table of children's life satisfaction. Part 3 examines changes in child well-being in advanced economies over the first decade of the 2000s, looking at each country's progress in educational achievement, teenage birth rates, childhood obesity levels, the prevalence of bullying, and the use of tobacco, alcohol and drugs.
Essays on the co-movement dynamics of frontier/emerging and developed financial markets
Jeffrey D. Sachs is one of the world's most perceptive and original analysts of global development. In this major new work he presents a compelling and practical framework for how global citizens can use a holistic way forward to address the seemingly intractable worldwide problems of persistent extreme poverty, environmental degradation, and political-economic injustice: sustainable development. Sachs offers readers, students, activists, environmentalists, and policy makers the tools, metrics, and practical pathways they need to achieve Sustainable Development Goals. Far more than a rhetorical exercise, this book is designed to inform, inspire, and spur action. Based on Sachs's twelve years as director of the Earth Institute at Columbia University, his thirteen years advising the United Nations secretary-general on the Millennium Development Goals, and his recent presentation of these ideas in a popular online course, The Age of Sustainable Development is a landmark publication and clarion call for all who care about our planet and global justice.
Informal work in developed nations
North and South in the world political economy
Comparative studies and the politics of modern medical care
Country presentation by the Government of Lesotho
Global energy dilemmas : energy security, globalization, and climate change
Country presentation by the Government of the United Republic of Tanzania
Childhood : changing contexts
Developed and developing world responsibilities for historical climate change and CO2 mitigation
Domestic adjustments to globalization
Country presentation by the Government of Yémen
Policy transfer in global perspective
Country presentation by the Government of Myanmar
Poverty : a persistent global reality
The age of sustainable development
Country presentation by the Government of Zambia
Country presentation by the Royal Government of Bhutan
Community forestry : local values, conflict and forest governance
Country presentation by the Government of Uganda
Addressing the methodological and topical challenges facing demographers working in remote regions, this book compares and contrasts the research, methods and models, and policy applications from peripheral regions in developed nations. With the emphasis on human populations as dynamic, adaptive, evolving systems, it explores how populations respond in different ways to changing environmental, cultural and economic conditions and how effectively they manage these change processes. Theoretical understandings and policy issues arising from demographic modelling are tackled including: competition for skilled workers; urbanisation and ruralisation; population ageing; the impacts of climate change; the life outcomes of Indigenous peoples; and, globalisation and international migration. Based on a strong theoretical framework around issues of heterogeneity, generational change, temporariness and the relative strength of internal and external ties, "Demography at the Edge" provides a common set of approaches and issues that benefit both researchers and practitioners.
Changing inequalities in rich countries : analytical and comparative perspectives
Globalizing justice : the ethics of poverty and power
Hunger in the rich world : food aid and right to food perspectives
The world's monetary system : toward stability and sustainability in the twenty-first century
Country presentation by the Government of Sierra Leone
Country presentation by the Government of Lao People's Democratic Republic
Based on the BBC radio 4 reith lectures 2012.
Where is the wealth of nations? : measuring capital for the 21st century
The relationship between IFRS adoption and the cost of capital: are the results different between developed and  developing countries
"Companies are increasingly asking which of their value chain activities are best performed within their own company and which may be outsourced. In addition, they are also considering which pieces of their value chain may be better performed abroad. These interrelated decisions concerning outsourcing and offshoring have not only changed entire industries, they have also transformed the lives of people across the world. Hundreds of millions of jobs in emerging nations have been the direct result of outsourcing and offshoring decisions. At the same time, many people in the developed world have lost their jobs because a company has been able to find a cheaper alternative. Featuring contributions from scholars in eleven different countries, this book is the first to examine the theory and practice of outsourcing and offshoring simultaneously. It includes studies of a variety of different industries, including pharmaceuticals, automobiles, medical records, appliances, human resource management, and telecommunications"--
Communist China as a developmental model for underdeveloped countries
Hunger in a Nordic welfare state : Finland
Buying social justice : equality, government procurement, and legal change
The great degeneration : how institutions decay and economies die
Lifestyle migration : expectations, aspirations and experiences
Summary (s. 4-8).
Joint ventures and aid : evaluation of Finnfund : final report
The rich world and the impoverishment of education : diminishing democracy, equity and workers' rights
A comparison of sustainable construction : Approaches: developing and developed countries
Medical tourism has become one of the most rapidly growing business in the world. Although this phenomenon is not new, medical travel has existed for centuries, what is new is that patients from developed countries are seeking treatment in developing countries. To shed more light on this phenomenon, this study bases the conclusion on a comprehensive analysis of international patients who traveled to receive invasive treatment at the largest hospital in Thailand, Bumrungrad International. The findings reveal a clear underlying pattern of push and pull factors. While acute dissatisfaction with deteriorating conditions of health care, such as high cost of treatment, long waiting time, and low service quality, in developed countries is initially driving patients to seek alternative treatment abroad, sustainable medical tourism is, in deed, based on pull factors in which foreign hospitals provide a highly satisfying positive experience through organizational and service innovations and emotional quality in patient- doctor and patient-nurse relationships.
The rise of transnational corporations from emerging markets : threat or opportunity?
Country presentation by the Government of Liberia
How rich countries got rich ... and why poor countries stay poor
Coping with globalization : cross-national patterns in domestic governance and policy performance
Development and human rights : the least developed countries
The presence of multinational companies (MNCS) in Ghana : a study of the impact of the interaction between and MNC and three indigenous companies
Higher education institutions : partnering for development and change : reflections of the first round of the Finnish HEI ICI programme
Negotiating bioethics : the governance of UNESCO's Bioethics Programme
Determinants of fertility in advanced societies
Essays on globalization and occupational wages
U.K. mergers and acquisitions in foreign markets : do they impact rival firms in emerging and developed markets differently?
The prospects of industrial civilization
Taxation and gender equity : a comparative analysis of direct and indirect taxes in developing and developed countries
Climate change adaptation in developed nations : from theory to practice
Country presentation by the Government of Sudan
Country presentation by the Government of Samoa
Summary (s. vii).
Country presentation by the Government of Gambia
Country presentation by the Government of Nepal
Education and poverty in affluent countries
An evaluation of survival of cancer patients based on registry data from low or medium resource countries
Ill fares the land
Demographic patterns in developed societies
Country presentation by the Government of Rwanda
Mini-NIEO : the potential of regional north-south cooperation
Local adaptation of a global CSR strategy in a developed versus developing country context : a case study of three Microsoft subsidiaries
The looting machine : warlords, tycoons, smugglers, and the systematic theft of Africa's wealth
International development studies : theories and methods in research and practice
An investigative journey into the ways the resource trade wreaks havoc on Africa, 'The Looting Machine' sheds light on the shadowy networks that connect Goldman Sachs, BP, the Hong Kong underworld and the murderous cabals that rule some oil states
Country presentation by the Royal Government of Cambodia
A dynamic model of medical tourism : an analysis of patient narratives
Child well being in rich countries : a comparative overview
Summary (s. ix-xiv).
Demography at the edge : remote human populations in developed nations
Comparing apples and mangoes : the overpoliticized state in developing countries
A better globalization : legitimacy, governance, and reform
The least developed countries : a statistical profile 1990
Internal migration : the new world and the Third World
World development indicators 2009.
"What causes rich countries to lose their way? Symptoms of decline are all around us today: slowing growth, crushing debts, increasing inequality, aging populations, antisocial behavior. But what exactly has gone wrong? The answer, Niall Ferguson argues ... is that our institutions--the intricate frameworks within which a society can flourish or fail--are degenerating"--Dust cover flap.
Capacity-building in Africa : effective aid and human capital : report of the Committee for Development Policy on the fourth session (8-12 April 2002)
Country presentation by the Government of Ethiopia
Global outsourcing and offshoring : an integrated approach to theory and corporate strategy
The present as history : critical perspectives on contemporary global power
