http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21511 intercountry adoption
intercountry adoption international adoption
The identities of young international adoptees in Finland
The Finnish Board of Inter-Country Adoption Affairs : annual report 2005.
Suomen kansainvälisten lapseksiottamisasioiden lautakunta : toimintakertomus 2009 = Nämnden för internationella adoptionsärenden i Finland : verksamhetsberättelse 2009 = The Finnish Board of Inter-Country Adoption Affairs : annual report 2009.
This book places equal emphasis on both ends of the transnational adoption chain: the formation of the adoptive family and the disaggregation of the family of origin. Situating these in the context of the Global North-South divide, it investigates the devastating effects of social inequalities on the adoption process and on the mothers whose children are adopted. The focus is on adoptions from Africa, which given the declining numbers of potential adoptees globally has recently emerged as a new continent of origin. Based on unique primary material gathered in in-depth interviews with South African families of origin and Finnish adoptive families, the book investigates the decision-making processes of both sets of parents and the encounters between them. The first mothers’ narratives are juxtaposed with those of the adopters and of the adoption social workers who act on the principles of the wider adoption system. Concluding with a critique of the Global Northism that exemp  lifies current practices, the author sketches the contours of a more just approach to transnational adoption that would shatter rather than perpetuate inequality. The book could also be read as an exposé of the consequences of current inequalities for poor families.
Referat (Presentationsblad).
A long way home
Transnational adoption in China and flexible citizenship : China's one-child policy, transnational adoption and the rise of flexible kinship systems
International adoption : symptoms of attachment disorders and their associations with the child's background and development outcome
The politics of adoption : international perspectives on law, policy & practice
Somebody's children : the politics of transracial and transnational adoption
Children on demand : the ethics of defying nature
Adoption conversations : what, when and how to tell
Legal recognition of same-sex relationships in Europe : national, cross-border and European perspectives
Prospective adoptive parents within pre-adoption services : an interplay of emotions and power in social interaction
The Finnish Board of Inter-Country Adoption Affairs : annual report 2006.
Summary.
In their own voices : transracial adoptees tell their stories
Non-state actors as standard setters
Adoption in Japan : comparing policies for children in need
Psychological issues in adoption : research and practice
Special skills in international adoptive parenting : case study of five Finnish international adoptive parents
Gay and lesbian rights : a reference handbook
Adoption : the modern law
Tiivistelmä: Experiences of Transracial Adoption Process by Single Adoptive Parents.
Suomen kansainvälisten lapseksiottamisasioiden lautakunta : toimintakertomus 2007 = Nämnden för internationella adoptionsärenden i Finland : verksamhetsberättelse 2007 = The Finnish board of inter-country adoption affairs : annual report 2007.
Oranges and sunshine
Choosing ethnicity, negotiating race : Korean adoptees in America
Global families, inequality and transnational adoption : the de-kinning of first mothers
Adoptions that cross the lines of culture, race and nation are a major consequence of conflicts around the globe, yet their histories and representations have rarely been considered. Life Lines: Writing Transcultural Adoption is the first critical study to explore narratives of transcultural adoption from contemporary Britain, Ireland and America: fictions, films and memoirs made by those within the adoption 'triad' or those concerned with the pain and possibilities of transcultural adoption. While acknowledging the sobering inequalities which engender transcultural adoptions and the lasting upset of sundered relations, at the same time John McLeod considers the transfigurative and creative propensity of imagining transcultural adoption as radically calling into question ideas of biogenetic attachment, racial genealogy, cultural identity and normative family-making. How might the predicament of 'being adopted' transculturally enable the transformative agency of 'adoptive being' for all? Exploring works by Andrea Levy, Barbara Kingsolver, Toni Morrison, Sebastian Barry, Caryl Phillips, Jackie Kay and several others, Life Lines makes a groundbreaking intervention in such fields as transcultural studies, postcolonial thought, and adoption theory and practice.
International children's rights
Global child welfare and well-being
Summary (Documentation page).
Life lines : writing transcultural adoption
Children of intercountry adoptions in school : a primer for parents and professionals
Cultures of transnational adoption
Blue-ribbon babies and labors of love : race, class, and gender in U.S. adoption practice
Transnational adoption : a cultural economy of race, gender, and kinship
The finnish board of inter-country adoption affairs : annual report 2005.
Suomen kansainvälisten lapseksiottamisasioiden lautakunta : toimintakertomus 2008 = Nämnden för internationella adoptionsärenden i Finland : verksamhetsberättelse 2008 = The Finnish board of inter-country adoption affairs : annual report 2008.
The quest for the a child of one's own : parents, markets and transnational adoption
Belonging in an adopted world : race, identity, and transnational adoption
Intercountry adoption : policies, practices, and outcomes
Intercountry adoption : developments, trends and perspectives
Far away from the tigers : a year in the classroom with internationally adopted children
"Strong Finnish identity is the only thing I can raise" : adoptive parents' attitude towards their child's pre-adoption past
Comforting an orphaned nation : representations of international adoption and adopted Koreans in Korean popular culture
Outsiders within : writing on transracial adoption
Intercountry adoption : need of post-adoption services in Finland
Enough caregiver time for children adopted from abroad to Finland? : Child and family background factors associated with daycare start - FinAdo study
Adopted territory : transnational Korean adoptees and the politics of belonging
Second language socialization and learner agency : adoptive family talk
Experiences of transracial adoption process by single adoptive parents
International child law
The kinning of foreigners : transnational adoption in a global perspective
Adoption act ; Adoption decree ; Decree on the Finnish Council of Inter-country Adoption Affairs : translations of Finnish legislation
Secret daughter
Finnish yearbook of population research. 43, 2007-2008
Making families through adoption
