http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21589 technical communication
technical communication communication of technical information
Technical communication as an activity system : a practitioner’s perspective
Scientific and technical translation explained : a nuts and bolts guide for beginners
Aspects of specialised translation
A guide to writing as an engineer
Effective technical writing and publication techniques : a guide for technical writers, engineers and technical communicators
The power of the picture versus the wisdom of the word : a comparative study on the usability of installation manuals in written, illustrated and video formats
Clear and concise communications for scientists and engineers
Development of a technical specification for LNG terminals
Drawing for designers
Culture, communication, and cyberspace : rethinking technical communication for international online environments
Making sense : a student's guide to research and writing in engineering and the technical sciences
Writing and speaking in the technology professions : a practical guide
User guides, manuals, and technical writing : a guide to professional English
Pocket book of technical writing for engineers and scientists
The MIT guide to science and engineering communication
Digital literacy for technical communication : 21st century theory and practice
Engineering writing by design : creating formal documents of lasting value
Development of Editor Net Community user guide
Technical writing : a practical guide for engineers and scientists
Managing writers : a real world guide to managing technical documentation
How to write computer manuals for users
"Simplicity makes everything possible" : use of plain English in TeliaSonera's broadband and Internet service descriptions
Outsourcing technical communication : issues, policies, and practices
On line and on paper : visual representations, visual culture, and computer graphics in design engineering
The insider's guide to technical writing
The elements of technical writing
"In this fully updated and revised edition, Dr. Silyn-Roberts explains in plain English the steps to writing abstracts, theses, journal papers, funding bids, literature reviews, and more. The book also examines preparing seminar and conference presentations. Written in a practical and easy to follow style specifically for postgraduate students in Engineering and Sciences, this book is essential in learning how to create powerful documents"--Publisher's website.
Human-information interaction and technical communication : concepts and frameworks
Usability engineering
Write like a chemist : a guide and resource
Handbook for technical writing
International technical communication : how to export information about high technology
Document design : a guide for technical communicators
Reporting results : a practical guide for engineers and scientists
Mobile technology term project : a practical application of the theory of terminology
Use and effect of declarative information in user instructions
Effective technical communication : guide for scientists and engineers
Engineer your english
Research in technical communication
User documentation process in software product development - putting theory into practice
The technical communication handbook
Problems of technical translation from English to Finnish : error analysis on technical documentation produced in China and Taiwan
Structured Reusable Creation and Mainte- nance of Technical Information  : A Case Study
The app generation : how today's youth navigate identity, intimacy, and imagination in a digital world - with a new preface
"No one has failed to notice that the current generation of youth is deeply-some would say totally-involved with digital media. Professors Howard Gardner and Katie Davis name today's young people The App Generation, and in this spellbinding book they explore what it means to be "app-dependent" versus "app-enabled" and how life for this generation differs from life before the digital era. Gardner and Davis are concerned with three vital areas of adolescent life: identity, intimacy, and imagination. Through innovative research, including interviews of young people, focus groups of those who work with them, and a unique comparison of youthful artistic productions before and after the digital revolution, the authors uncover the drawbacks of apps: they may foreclose a sense of identity, encourage superficial relations with others, and stunt creative imagination. On the other hand, the benefits of apps are equally striking: they can promote a strong sense of identity, allow deep relationships, and stimulate creativity. The challenge is to venture beyond the ways that apps are designed to be used, Gardner and Davis conclude, and they suggest how the power of apps can be a springboard to greater creativity and higher aspirations"--
Effective communication for the technical professions
Writing for science and engineering : papers, presentations and reports
Technical communication research : dissemination, reception, utilization
How to write & illustrate a scientific paper
Part 1. Understanding the technical communication environment -- Part 2. Planning the document -- Part 3. Developing and testing the verbal and visual information -- Part 4. Learning important applications -- Appendix: Reference handbook.
Technical writing : theory and practice
"Preface In Walden, Henry Thoreau asserts that "Books must be read as deliberately and reservedly as they were written." Given the serious and highly technical nature of formal engineering writing, any reader of such writing would be wise to follow Thoreau's advice. The purpose of the present book, however, is to speak to the engineering writer. Our basic premise is that engineering material should be written as deliberately and carefully as it will be read. Engineers are smart people and their work is important. Their writing should not be inaccurate, vague, ambiguous, or otherwise opaque. To a great extent, modern engineering is an extension of science and mathematics and is therefore amenable to clear and logical exposition. Some aspects of engineering remain more art than science, to be sure. We would argue, however, that in such cases it is especially important for engineers to write precisely, as readers will be in less of a position to close expository gaps through deductive reasoning. In other words, clear description is just as important in technical writing as clear argumentation. Technical subjects can make for difficult reading as it is. A reader should not have to go over a passage again and again, finally being forced to guess whether the writer was attempting to motivate a viewpoint, describe something that already exists, describe something that could conceivably exist, draw a conclusion from known facts, persuade, or something else. Yet, a writer who approaches the writing task carelessly, by simply accumulating a pile of words and equations, may produce just that sort of confusion"--
Developing quality technical information : a handbook for writers and editors
Technical documentation solutions series : writing plain instructions : how to write user manuals, online help, and other forms of user assistance that every user understands
Central works in technical communication
Qualitative research in technical communication
The elements of international English style : a guide to writing correspondence, reports, technical documents, and Internet pages for a global audience
Technical documentation basics : how to write that f***ing manual : the essentials of technical writing in a nutshell
Summary.
The app generation : how today's youth navigate identity, intimacy, and imagination in a digital world
Foundations for teaching technical communication: theory, practice, and program design
Reshaping technical communication : new directions and challenges for the 21st century
Psychological Contract and Organizational Communication between University Middle Managers
Process handling description of IPI
Connecting people with technology : issues in professional communication
A scientific approach to writing for engineers and scientists
Designing visual language : strategies for professional communicators
Single sourcing : building modular documentation
How to write technical reports : understandable structure, good design, convincing presentation
This book "focuses on communicating information, not creating information. Developing information which clearly communicates and fits people’s needs requires understanding how people think and what drives their decision processes. To help achieve that goal, this book works to provide practical knowledge based on a sound theoretical foundation for allowing people to engage in a meaningful dialogue as they make decisions with respect to designing that communication. Besides being a reference for the academic researcher or practicing technical communicator, it is written so it can be used as a reference for either a foundational or theories of technical communication course."--Provided by publisher.
Technical communication as an activity system: a practitioner’s perspective
Effective communication for science and technology
Managing your documentation projects
Technical communication - international : today and in the future
Quality of technical documentation
The map and the landscape : norms and practices in genre
Negotiating cultural encounters : narrating intercultural engineering and technical communication
Aspects of translation of European patent applications from English into Finnish
Engineering communication
Method for engineering students : degree projects using the 4-phased model
Effective Technical Communication is designed to serve as a practical guide and useful resource for scientists, engineers, and researchers. It addresses the need of practitioners engaged in the exchange of techincal information to effectively share their ideas with, and make impact on, their peers. The book provides guidelines, technical conventions, and graphical and visual aids for communicating effectively. It discusses the use of scientific vocabulary and various forma of writing, starting from simple forms such as paragraph and précis writing to more advanced forms such as technical reports and papers. Written in an easy-to-understand style, the thext is supported with numerous illustrative examples. The correct use of language, the dos and don'ts of communication, and speech and presentation techniques that can make an impact have also been discussed in detail.
Communication for professional engineers
Solving problems in technical communication
Technical writing A-Z : a commonsense guide to engineering reports and theses
" No one has failed to notice that the current generation of youth is deeply-some would say totally-involved with digital media. Professors Howard Gardner and Katie Davis name today's young people The App Generation, and in this spellbinding book they explore what it means to be "app-dependent" versus "app-enabled" and how life for this generation differs from life before the digital era. Gardner and Davis are concerned with three vital areas of adolescent life: identity, intimacy, and imagination. Through innovative research, including interviews of young people, focus groups of those who work with them, and a unique comparison of youthful artistic productions before and after the digital revolution, the authors uncover the drawbacks of apps: they may foreclose a sense of identity, encourage superficial relations with others, and stunt creative imagination. On the other hand, the benefits of apps are equally striking: they can promote a strong sense of identity, allow deep relationships, and stimulate creativity. The challenge is to venture beyond the ways that apps are designed to be used, Gardner and Davis conclude, and they suggest how the power of apps can be a springboard to greater creativity and higher aspirations"--
Communicating in business and technology : from psycholinguistic theory to international practice
Microsoft manual of style
Technical writing 101 : a real-world guide to planning and writing technical content
The hyperspectral and smartphone technology in CBRNE countermeasures and defence
Describing and developing processes for a company acting in the fields of technical information
English for writing research papers
A research primer for technical communication : methods, exemplars, and analyses
This book is intended for anyone whose job involves writing formal documentation. It is aimed at non-native speakers of English, but should also be of use for native speakers who have no training in technical writing. Technical writing is a skill that you can learn and this book outlines some simple ideas for writing clear documentation that will reflect well on your company, its image and its brand. The book has four parts: Structure and content: through examples, you will learn best practices in writing the various sections of a manual and what content to include. Clear unambiguous English: you will learn how to write short clear sentences and paragraphs whose meaning will be immediately clear to the reader. Layout and order information: here you will find guidelines on style issues, e.g., headings, bullets, punctuation and capitalization. Typical grammar and vocabulary mistakes: this section is divided alphabetically and covers grammatical and vocabulary issues that are typical of user manuals. Adrian Wallwork is the author of over 30 books aimed at helping non-native English speakers to communicate more effectively in English. He has published 13 books with Springer Science+Business Media. Other books in this Professional English series: Email and Commercial Correspondence CVs, Resumes, and LinkedIn Meetings, Negotiations, and Socializing Presentations, Demos, and Training Sessions Telephone and Helpdesk Skills.
Style : lessons in clarity and grace
Technical communication : process and product
Technical communication today
Technical communication in the twenty-first century
Engineering fundamentals & problem solving
Technical communication
Handbook of public communication of science and technology
Technical translation : usability strategies for translating technical documentation
