http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21541 experimental literature
experimental literature
The inflatable woman
Tekstinauhoja : in large, well-organized termite colonies
Reading hypertext
We saw the light : conversations between the new Ameican cinema and poetry
Theater at the margins : text and the post-structured stage
Shift linguals : cut-up narratives from William S. Burroughs to the present
Proposals for Huntly
The facts behind the Helsinki Roccamatios and other stories
Theater of the avant-garde, 1890-1950 : a critical anthology
City of Bohane
Dr. Clock's Handbook
Goethe and the novel
The graphic novel : an introduction
A working theory of love
Poetic epistemologies : gender and knowing in women's language-oriented writing
The Oxford handbook of philosophy and literature
A disease of language
Modern Japanese theatre and performance
Always Coming Home
A visit from the Goon Squad
Clockwork angels : the novel
The story of my teeth
Mr Fox
My words echo thus : possessing the past in Peter Ackroyd
Reading the graphic surface : the presence of the book in prose fiction
Hard work? : reciprocal communication in contemporary American experimental poetry
Famous writers school
American avant-garde theatre : a history
Writing plural worlds in contemporary U.S. poetry : innovative identities
Bookblock
David Mitchell : critical essays
Metafiction and myth in the novels of Peter Ackroyd
How it is
The eye of prey : subversions of the postmodern
" War is raging in Georgia, Russian fighter planes are thundering overhead, and yet, for some, the falling bombs cause no more impact than the slight ripple moving through the purified water of their swimming pools, or the rattling of a spoon in their cappuccino cups. Filtered through the bleary and cynical mind of Shako—a journalist famed for his appearance in Georgian Pepsi ads—Adibas is a tragic satire describing the progressive falsification of his life, invaded by consumer goods, consumer sex, consumer carnage. A “war novel” without a single battle scene, Zaza Burchuladze's English-language debut anatomizes the Western world's ongoing “feast in the time of plague.” " -- (Dalkey Archive Press)
"This book presents a collection of key theoretical texts on comics, spanning a period from the 1960s to the 2010s, written in French and never before translated into English. The publication brings a distinctive set of authors together uniting theoretical scholars, artists, journalists, and comics critics. Readers will gain access to important debates that have taken place among major French-language comics scholars, including Thierry Groensteen, Benoît Peeters, Jan Baetens, and Pierre Fresnault-Deruelle, over the past fifty years. The collection covers a broad range of approaches to the medium, including historical, formal, sociological, philosophical, and psychoanalytic. A general introduction provides an overall context, and, in addition, each of the five thematic sections is prefaced by a brief summary of each text and an explanation of how they have influenced later work. The translations are faithful to the originals while reading clearly in English, and, where necessary, cultural references are clarified."--Provided by publisher.
Dario Fo : revolutionary theatre
Retweeted : 15.3. - 31.5.2014
"When we first meet U., the narrator of SATIN ISLAND, he is sitting in the airport at Turin, caught in a delay caused by a rogue airplane. Like everyone else in the waiting area, he is sifting through airport pages on his laptop, and then through news sites, social pages, corridors of trivia...until he happens to stumble on information about an image on a famous shroud in Turin. The image itself isn't even visible on the shroud; it only emerged when some amateur photographer looked at the negative of a shot he'd taken and saw the figure--Christ's body supine after crucifixion. Only in the negative: the negative became a positive. A few decades later when the shroud was radiocarbon dated, it turned out to come from no later than the mid-thirteenth century. But that didn't trouble the believers. Things like that never do. A "corporate ethnographer," U. is tasked with writing the Great Report. Yet at every turn, U. finds himself overwhelmed by the ubiquity of data, lost in a buffer zone and wandering through a crowd of apparitions. Meanwhile, Madison, the woman he is seeing, becomes increasingly elusive, much like the particulars in the case of the recent, highly-publicized parachutist's death, with which U. is obsessed. He also develops a perverse interest in oil spills, spending great amounts of time watching loops of clean up videos. As U. begins to wonder if perhaps the Great Report will remain a shapeless, oozing plasma, his senses are reawakened by an ominous dream of an apocalyptic cityscape. SATIN ISLAND is a novel that captures the way we experience the world today, our efforts to find meaning, to stay awake, and discern the narratives we think of as our lives"--
The possible worlds of hypertext fiction
"Postmodernism, deconstruction and subversion have been the buzzwords of the last few decades. But not any longer. Ever since the end of the millennium an increasingly perceptible desire to turn towards other concerns can be noted. Only, what comes after postmodernism? Where are we going now? Irmtraud Huber suggests some answers to these questions, focusing on novels by Michael Chabon, Mark Z. Danielewski, Jonathan Safran Foer and David Mitchell and highlighting the ways in which they go beyond postmodernism and turn from deconstruction to reconstruction. Approaching the question from an unusual direction by exploring the novelists' particular use of the fantastic mode, this book offers both further insights into the present aesthetic shift and a new perspective on the literary fantastic"--
Twisty little passages : an approach to interactive fiction
Seiobo there below
"Written in hypertext and read from a computer, hypertext novels exist as a collection of textual fragments, which must be pieced together by the reader. The Possible Worlds of Hypertext Fiction offers a new critical theory tailored specifically for this burgeoning genre, providing a much needed body of criticism in a key area of new media fiction"--Provided by publisher.
Possible worlds, artificial intelligence, and narrative theory
The instructions
Theatre, politics, and markets in fin-de-siècle Paris : staging modernity
The supernatural enhancements
Notions of the city : notes on a place
"Language is a virus" : kielisuhteen lähestymistapoja Ben Marcusin romaanissa The flame alphabet
The book examines the historical contexts and major themes of 20th-century experimental fiction and new directions for the novel offered by writers such as David Shields and Zadie Smith. Making often difficult works accessible for the first time reader and with extensive further reading guides, Experimental Fiction is an essential practical guidebook for students of creative writing and contemporary fiction.
Don't let me be lonely : an American lyric
The French comics theory reader
Whe n is revolution : irrational right and wrong essays and poems
Experimentalism as reciprocal communication in contemporary American poetry : John Ashbery, Lyn Hejinian, Ron Silliman
Postdramatic theatre
Since the turn of the millennium, there has seen an increase in the inclusion of typography, graphics and illustration in fiction. This book engages with visual and multimodal devices in twenty-first century literature, exploring canonical authors like Mark Z. Danielewski and Jonathan Safran Foer alongside experimental fringe writers such as Steve Tomasula, to uncover an embodied textual aesthetics in the information age. Bringing together multimodality and cognition in an innovative study of how readers engage with challenging literature, this book makes a significant contribution to the debates surrounding multimodal design and multimodal reading. Drawing on cognitive linguistics, cognitive psychology, neuroscience, semiotics, visual perception, visual communication, and multimodal analysis, Gibbons provides a sophisticated set of critical tools for analysing the cognitive impact of multimodal literature.
Literature after postmodernism : reconstructive fantasies
Writing in context = L'écriture en contexte : French literature, theory and the avant gardes = littérature, théorie et avant-gardes françaises au XXe siècle
Staging Gertrude Stein : absence, culture, and the landscape of American alternative theatre
Russian experimental fiction : resisting ideology after utopia
The head of Tommi Musturi
American experimental poetry and democratic thought
Remix the book
Graphic subjects : critical essays on autobiography and graphic novels
Experimental - visual - concrete : avantgarde poetry since the 1960s
Far south
The French new novel
Brutalist readings : essays on literature
In defence of reason
Death and the labyrinth : the world of Raymond Roussel
Daniil Kharms : writing and the event
Europa! Europa? : the avant-garde, modernism and fate of a continent
Experimental fiction : an introduction for readers and writers
Novel beginnings : experiments in eighteenth-century English fiction
Multimodality, cognition, and experimental literature
Bodies in motion : Spanish vanguard poetry, mass culture, and gender dynamics
ALWAYS COMING HOME is not the story of the Kesh. Rather it is the stories of the Kesh - stories, poems, songs, recipes - ALWAYS COMING HOME is no less than an anthropological account of a community that does not yet exist, a tour de force of imaginative fiction by one of modern literature's great voices. First published 1985.
Constraining chance : Georges Perec and the Oulipo
Cinematic fictions : [the impact of the cinema on the American novel up to the second World War]
The Routledge companion to experimental literature
The lover's dictionary
Virginia Woolf : an experimental writer with an androgynous vision
Transgressive fiction : the new satiric tradition
The nouveau roman : a study in the practice of writing
Visions of Cody
Breaking the rules : the Wooster Group
Once a year, on All Souls' Day, it is said in Ireland that the dead may return. 'Solar Bones' is the story of one such visit. Set in the west of Ireland as the recession is about to strike, this novel is a portrait of one man's experience when his world threatens to fall apart. Marcus Conway, a middle-aged engineer, turns up one afternoon at his kitchen table and considers the events that took him away and then brought him home again.
Satin Island : a novel
Adibas : [a novel]
Against expression : an anthology of conceptual writing
The islanders
Form as content and rhetoric in the modern novel
Solar bones
