http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21601 comics artists
comics artists cartoonists
Three fingers
Every girl is the end of the world for me
Will Eisner : a dreamer's life in comics
Drunk stoned brilliant dead : writers and artists who made the National lampoon insanely great
Testament : a celebration of the life & art of Frank Frazetta
Underground classics : the transformation of comics into comix
The adventures of Hergé
Manga in America : transnational book publishing and the domestication of Japanese comics
Finnish comics annual 2012
The John Buscema sketchbook
1000 ideas by 100 manga artists
Creating comics! : 47 master artists reveal the techniques and inspiration behind their comic genius
Abstract comics : the anthology 1967-2009
R. Crumb's sex obsessions
The 101 best graphic novels
Private Eye a cartoon history : five decades of classic comic art
DC Comics covergirls
Unearthing
The secret history of Wonder Woman
Erotic comics : a graphic history. Vol. 2, From the 1970s to the present day
Looking for Calvin and Hobbes : the unconventional story of Bill Watterson and his revolutionary comic strip
The art of George Pérez
Midnight sun
Schulz and Peanuts : a biography
Krazy & Ignatz : "Love in a kestle or love in a hut" : convening the full-page comic strips 1916-1918
The art of Herge : inventor of Tintin. Volume 3 : 1950-1983
Alan Moore's writing for comics. Volume one
The Arina Tanemura collection : the art of full moon
A user's guide to neglectful parenting
Unlikely : a true love story
Stripburek : comics from the other Europe
Can't we talk about something more pleasant?
When three college besties meet three hot guys in Vegas, anything could--and does--happen. Lola and Oliver like to congratulate themselves on having the good sense not to consummate their drunken Las Vegas marriage. In reality, Lola's wanted Oliver since day one-- falling hard for his sexy Aussie accent and easygoing ability to take her as she comes. And Oliver can't get his mind off what he didn't do with Lola when he had the chance. He knows what he wants with her now.... When Lola's graphic novel starts getting national acclaim Oliver discovers that sometimes a dark wild night in Vegas isn't just the end of a day, but the beginning of a bright new life....
Genshiken. 5, The Doujinshi code
The world encyclopedia of comics
Alan Moore, writer of the top-selling graphic novels V For Vendetta and Watchmen returns with this new title starring some of the biggest names from the WildStorm Universe and beyond! This slam-bang title features a tale that pits the covert action team known as the WildCats against the demonic hero called Spawn. Also included are hard-hitting tales of Majestic, Voodoo, Deathblow and more.
Erotic comics : a graphic history. Vol. 1, [From birth to the 1970s]
Black comix : African American independent comics art and culture
The Weirdo years : 1981-'93
Frank Jacobs : five decades of his greatest works
Hi, how are you? : the life, art & music of Daniel Johnston
Comic art now : the very best in contemporary comic art and illustration
A world premiere in full, glorious color, this is the first complete reproduction of all 549 episodes of Little Nemo, Winsor McCay's masterful comic creation that inspired artists from Robert Crumb to Federico Fellini. In the companion volume, art historian Alexander Braun provides the most comprehensive, illustrated study to-date on McCay's pioneering dream narrative.
Dream Logic
The art of Neil Gaiman
Supergods : our world in the age of the superhero
Comics creators on X-Men
Helmetgirls : the art of Camilla d'Errico volume 2
Go home : 12 moving stories
Genshiken. 2, Save the Genshiken!
Conversation. 1
Genshiken. 6, Where the boys are
Comics art
Art out of time : unknown comics visionaries, 1900-1969
The amazing adventures of Kavalier & Clay : a novel
"Camilla d'Errico is a powerful voice in pop surrealism, her work combining diverse influences in imagery both singular and hauntingly familiar. Compelling and deeply personal, "Helmetgirls" documents Camilla's art and lifestyle brand that fuses manga, steampunk, and fine art into an original and meaningful aggregate. Gargantuan biomechanical headgear adorns beautiful, wide-eyed, and seemingly fragile girls. More than just decoration, the helmets express each girl's character, needs, and desires. Look deeply into the Helmetgirls' eyes - they have a story to tell."--Publisher.
Greetings from Cartoonia : [the essential guide of the land of comics]
Reading comics : how graphic novels work and what they mean
Sparky : the life and art of Charles Schulz
Manga impact! : the world of Japanese animation
Lingua comica : graphic novels from Asia & Europe
Are You My Mother? : a comic drama
Silk road to ruin : is Central Asia the new Middle east?
Only what's necessary : Charles M. Schulz and the art of Peanuts
Comix : the underground revolution
Crumb family comics
CHARLIE BROWN, SNOOPY AND ME AND ALL THE OTHER PEANUTS CHARACTERS
Maurice Sendak : a celebration of the artist and his work
The Osamu Tezuka story : a life in manga and anime
Conversation. 2
Nový český komiks (2000-2012) = New Czech comics (2000-2012) = Der neue tschechische Comic (2000-2012)
The art of Sin City
In Will Eisner: A Dreamer's Life in Comics, Michael Schumacher delves beneath Eisner's public persona to draw connections between his life and his art. Eisner's career spanned a remarkable eight decades, from his scrappy survival at the dawn of comics' Golden Age in the late 1930s to the beginning of the twenty-first century, when Pulitzers began going to graphic novels (a term Eisner is widely credited with creating). Schumacher's extensive research and interviews with Eisner's family, friends, and colleagues, as well as other comics creators who have built upon his work, create a detailed portrait of Eisner the man and Eisner the artist. -- Product Description.
Red Girls : the Legend of the Akakuchibas
Visually and emotionally rich, MetaMaus is as groundbreaking as the masterpiece whose creation it reveals. In the pages of MetaMaus, Art Spiegelman re-enters the Pulitzer prize-winning Maus, the modern classic that has altered how we see literature, comics, and the Holocaust ever since it was first published twenty-five years ago. He probes the questions that Maus most often evokes -- Why the Holocaust? Why mice? Why comics? -- and gives us a new and essential work about the creative process. MetaMaus includes a bonus DVD-R that provides a digitized reference copy of The Complete Maus linked to a deep archive of audio interviews with his survivor father, historical documents, and a wealth of Spiegelman's private notebooks and sketches. Compelling and intimate, MetaMaus is poised to become a classic in its own right. - Publisher.
My life with Charlie Brown
The comic art of war : a critical study of military cartoons, 1805-2014, with a guide to artists
Sam Zabel and the magic pen
Showa 1953-1989 : a history of Japan
Notes from the sofa
The book of Schuiten
Al Jaffee's mad life
Dangerous drawings : interviews with comix & graphic artists
McSweeney's quarterly concern : issue number 13 : an assorted sampler of North American comic drawings, strips, and illustrated stories, etc
Father of the comic strip : Rodolphe Töpffer
Finnish comics annual 2011
Comics : between the panels
The art of Herge : inventor of Tintin. Volume 2 : 1937-1949
"Universally acclaimed as the most stunningly gorgeous adventure comic strip of all time, Prince Valiant ran for 35 years under the virtuoso pen of its creator, Hal Foster. (Such was its popularity that today, decades after Foster's death, it continues to run under different hands.) The giant Sunday-funnies pages (Valiant ran only on Sundays) gave Foster a huge canvas upon which he was able to limn epic swordfights, stunning scenes of pomp and pageantry, and some of the most beautiful human beings-- male and female-- ever to appear in comics. And he matched his nonpareil visual sense with the narrative instincts of a born storyteller, propelling his daring young hero from one crisis to another with barely a panel to catch one's breath. Prince Valiant has previously been widely available only in re-colored, somewhat degraded editions (now out of print and fetching collectors' prices). Thanks to advances in production technology and newly available original proof sheets, this new series from the industry leader in quality strip classics is the first to feature superb restored artwork that captures every delicate line and chromatic nuance of Foster's original masterpiece. Comic strip aficionados will be ecstatic, and younger readers who enjoy a classic adventure yarn will be bowled over" -- from publisher's web site.
Comic sketchbooks : the unseen world of today's most creative talents
Private eye : the first 50 years ; an A-Z
Good grief : the story of Charles M. Schulz
The sweeter side of R. Crumb
The Comics journal. No. 301
The art of Herge : inventor of Tintin. Volume 1 : 1907-1937
Genshiken. 4, All hail president Sasahara
The art of Daniel Clowes : modern cartoonist
Genshiken. 3, Sisterly love
Monty Python speaks : the complete oral history of Monty Python, as told by the founding members and a few of their many friends and collaborators
Felix : the twisted tale of the world's most famous cat
Marvel Comics had the reputation of being one of the least creative in a generally moribund industry, but emerged as one of the most dynamic, slightly irreverent and downright original contributions to an era when pop culture emerged as a dominant force in the artistic life of America.
Will Eisner : champion of the graphic novel
From the trailblazing Wonder Woman of the 1940s to edgy, girl-power-driven comics series like Birds of Prey, DC Comics Covergirls takes a look at the female characters of DC Comics throughout the company's history, and features many of DC Comics' iconic comic book covers. Written by comic book writer Louise Simonson, the book examines the evolution of the comic book women of DC Comics: the 1942 introduction of the most famous DC heroine, Wonder Woman, and her various incarnations up to the present; the creation of comic book spin-offs based on characters such as Lois Lane; and the recent wealth of fierce, female character-driven comics such as Supergirl, Birds of Prey, Batgirl, and Catwoman, featuring women who have no trouble being both sexy and strong-willed. Famous featured DC Comics artists include Jim Lee, Alex Ross, Adam Hughes, J. Scott Campbell, Michael Turner, Tim Sale, and Jill Thompson.
The classic era of American comics
Rainbow children : the art of Camilla d'Errico
The complete Little Nemo
Celebrating the very best cartoons from Britain's premier publisher of humorous art! Featuring more than 1,000 of the funniest jokes ever drawn, Private Eye A Cartoon History is a decade by decade chronicle of the gags and issues that tickled the nation's funny bone sometimes with a sledgehammer. From the Swinging Sixties through the Naughty Nineties to the Neurotic Noughties, this go-to compendium of mirth provides not only laugh-out-loud merriment, but also a chin-stroking socio-political history of the past half century. (It had better not. Ed.) No publication provides a showcase for cartoons quite like Private Eye. For over 50 years it has published topical jokes, strips and stand-alone cartoons many of which have become comedy classics. Now, Private Eye A Cartoon History provides the most comprehensive record ever of the magazine's contribution to visual humour. Featuring thumbnail profiles of the magazine's top artists and a cartoonist's view of the joke-making process.
E.J. Pace : Christian cartoonist
Dinomania : the lost art of Winsor McCay, the secret origins of King Kong, and the urge to destroy New York
The art of Osamu Tezuka : God of Manga
The entertainment chapter
The art of Hellboy
Tintin and the secret of literature
For military cartoonists the absurdity of war inspires a laugh-or-cry response and provides an endless source of un-funny amusement. Cartoons by hundreds of artists-at-arms from more than a dozen countries and spanning two centuries are included in this study—the first to consider such a broad range of military comics. War and military life are examined through the inside jokes of the men and women who served. The author analyzes themes of culture, hierarchy, enemies and allies, geography, sexuality, combat, and civilian relations and describes how comics function within a community. A number of artists included were known for their work with Disney, Marvel Comics, the New Yorker and Madison Avenue but many lesser known artists are recognized.
Marvel Comics in the 1960s : an issue by issue field guide to a pop culture phenomenon
Call it a day : contemporary comics from Finland, Estonia, Hungary and Latvia : FINEST 2010-2011
Ink retrospect
1001 comics you must read before you die
