http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21678 triage
triage
Emergency triage
Crisis standards of care : summary of a workshop series
Triage: General principles (abstract)
Telephone triage protocols for nurses
Triage nursing secrets
Emergency nursing made incredibly easy!
Acute medical emergencies : a nursing guide
Pediatric telephone protocols : office version
Emergency triage assessment and treatment (ETAT)
Registered nurse-led emergency department triage : organisation, allocation of acuity ratings and triage decision making
Triage nurses' validity of assessing pediatric patients at the emergency department of Helsinki University Hospital for children and adolescents
Triage nurses' validity of assessing pediatric patients at the Emergency Department of Helsinki University Hospital for Children and Adolescents
Paediatric emergency triage, assessment and treatment : care of critically ill children : updated guideline
"First things first" : an educational video for acute triage assesment
Quick reference to triage
"Emergent Management of Trauma is an effective handbook on trauma evaluation and management covering the breadth of injuries. The book incorporates a crisp outline approach, abundant illustrations, and careful organization. It includes important management algorithms and covers major traumatic injuries literally from top to bottom. It focuses on trauma in children, pregnancy, and the elderly"--Provided by publisher.
The use of novel information technology in military medicine and mass casualty situation training
Emergent management of trauma
Triage
The first contact point in Emergency Department is called Triage. It is a system used to prioritize and to recognize the severity of patient's condition when arriving at hospital. This examination is a rapid, systematic and concise which include primary and secondary assessments. The triage decision making and the role of a triage nurse is vital in managing the workload in triage system. Therefore, sufficient knowledge is imperative so that the treatments or the cares will be given properly. The primary objective of this is to scale the patient's health problems before seeing the physician. The purpose of this thesis is to produce a video as a teaching material about acute triage clinical examination for the student of TAMK and to educate how to carry out triage assessments. The approach used in this thesis is Functional which is composed of two parts which are a theoretical part and a product. The theoretical one covers the whole process of the thesis, video making and reflects the general information about triage system as well primary and secondary triage assessment. Triage decision making and prioritizing of care is also explained in this chapter. Finally, the outcome of the product is video. The video serves as an educational material for the student of TAMK. It increases and widens their knowledge about triage and also shows how important the role of triage nurses in decision making.  It is important for the students to understand and be familiar with triage. Enough knowledge about patient's health problems and proper intervention is significant to manage the patients. By learning triage, it gives more information about prioritizing the patient's needs and the importance of decision making when working in hospital. A further research study is recommended about the satisfaction of triage system as a clinical risk management tool in Emergency Departments.
Hospital emergency response teams : triage for optimal disaster response
