http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21682 participatory theatre
participatory theatre
This volume addresses all key aspects: principles, origins, politics and aesthetics in a concise and accessible style designed to appeal both to those who have recently discovered this sub-discipline and to experienced practitioners and academics. Part 1. is divided into two chapters. The first introduces the sub-discipline of Theatre for Development, covering its origins, principles and history, and providing an overview of theatre for development in Western contexts as well as in Africa, Asia, the Indian Subcontinent and Latin America. The second focuses upon theoretical and philosophical issues confronting the discipline and its relationship to contemporary politics, as well as considering its future role. Part 2. consists of seven chapters contributed by leading figures and current practitioners from around the world and covering a diverse range of themes, methodologies and aesthetic approaches. One chapter offers a series of case studies concerned with sexual health education and HIV prevention, drawn from practitioners working in Vietnam, Papua New Guinea, Southern Africa, and China. Other chapters include studies of intercultural theatre in the Peruvian Amazon; a programme of applied theatre conducted in schools in Canterbury, New Zealand, following the 2010 earthquake; an attempt to reinvigorate a community theatre group in South Brazil; and an exchange between a Guatemalan arts collective and a Dutch youth theatre company, besides others.
Theatre in prison : theory and practice
This fully illustrated book by the Bengali company's founder and artistic director Sanjoy Ganguly, edited by Ralph Yarrow, collects and explains their programme of workshop exercises, placing them in the context of their social and activist work. A set of interviews with Ganguly complements these practical sequences, drawing in topics such as the role of the joker, the nature of development, participation and agency, aesthetics as transformation, and Theatre of the Oppressed in the context of a market economy.
Applied Drama offers an insight into theatre-making that takes place in communities across the world. It considers the role of artists who work in challenging settings, including prisons, schools, hostels for the homeless, care homes for the elderly and on the street. In this updated second edition, Helen Nicholson provides vivid new examples of practice, and addresses twenty-first century concerns about the environments in which applied theatre takes place. Ideal for students and practitioners, this lively study poses critical questions about the aesthetics and ethics of applied theatre. It invites debate about the social role of theatre, and explores how interventionist theatre might maintain its radicalism in an increasingly globalized world.
Out of the wolf's belly
Audience R(E)volution : dispatches from the field
Simming : participatory performance and the making of meaning
Playing dead : mock trauma and folk drama in staged high school drunk-driving tragedies
The Frantic Assembly book of devising theatre
Immersive theatres : intimacy and immediacy in contemporary performance
Theatre & education
Audience as performer : the changing role of theatre audiences in the twenty-first century
InExActArt : the autopoietic theatre of Augusto Boal : a handbook of Theatre of the Oppressed practice
Engaging performance : theatre as call and response
Digital Storytelling, Applied Theatre, & Youth argues that theatre artists must re-imagine how and why they facilitate performance practices with young people. Rapid globalization and advances in media and technology continue to change the ways that people engage with and understand the world around them. Drawing on pedagogical, aesthetic, and theoretical threads of applied theatre and media practices, this book presents practitioners, scholars, and educators with innovative approaches to devising and performing digital stories. This book offers the first comprehensive examination of digital storytelling as an applied theatre practice. Alrutz explores how participatory and mediated performance practices can engage the wisdom and experience of youth; build knowledge about self, others and society; and invite dialogue and deliberation with audiences. In doing so, she theorizes digital storytelling as a site of possibility for critical and relational practices, feminist performance pedagogies, and alliance building with young people.
Performance and community : commentary and case studies
Applied drama : the gift of theatre
Joined Forces: Audience Participation in Theatre presents various examples of audience participation in theatre linking them to problems of participation in democracy and to socially engaged art. Making theatre is always a political statement – asking about audience participation practices is asking about the possibilities of making changes both in art and in politics. The core part of the book consist of 11 essays and interviews. Artists from different countries were asked to reflect on the idea of participation, to share their experiences and write about their successes and fails, hopes and doubts. While it's impossible to create a map of participatory art, choosing (nearly) a dozen various representative and remarkable examples can help to outline the situation of contemporary political, audience-engaging theatre as seen by its creators themselves.
As the twenty-first century moves towards its third decade, applied theatre is being shaped by contemporary economic and environmental concerns and is contributing to new conceptual paradigms that influence the ways in which socially engaged art is produced and understood. This collection offers fresh perspectives on the aesthetics, politics and histories of applied theatre. With contributions from leading scholars in the field, the book illuminates theatre in a diverse range of global contexts and regions. Divided into three sections - histories and cultural memories; place, community and environment; and poetics and participation - the chapters interweave cutting-edge theoretical insights with examples of innovative creative practice that traverse different places, spaces and times. Essential reading for researchers and artists working within applied theatre, this collection will also be of interest to those in theatre and performance studies, education, cultural policy, social history and cultural geography.
Theatre for living : the art and science of community-based dialogue
Throughout the pages of this collection, a wide range of voices sound the joy and fury of being in the trenches of the volatile discourse of enacting, staging, and sharing the experience of performance. The cultural workers in this book seek a revolution of heart, mind, and spirit. They question who we are and consistently ask that hospitality and its uses be placed at the center of the shared theatrical experience.
Applied theatre : development
Applied theatre : international case studies and challenges for practice
Planning process drama : enriching teaching and learning
Dramatherapy and social theatre : necessary dialogues
Stages of emergency : Cold War nuclear civil defense
Designing tangible interfaces for collective decision making in interactive theatre : or understanding audience behaviour as result of tangible interfaces and various decision making mechanisms
Games for actors and non-actors
Women, medicine, and theatre, 1550-1750 : gendering quacks
Carver's manual on community theatre directing : (a step-by-step approach)
The twentieth-century performance reader
From Boal to Jana Sanskriti : practice and principles
The applied theatre reader
This book examines the use of Internet platforms as theatrical, rehearsal and performance spaces and explores the interactive and political potentials of online theatre, questioning the boundaries of these in-between spaces and the spatial experiences they engender. In particular, this book looks at forms of cyber-adaptation, cyber-ethnotheatre and cyber-collaboration as directing methodologies for producing dialectical forms of political cyberformances (in Brechtian terms), with reference respectively to the productions of Cyberian Chalk Circle (2011), Merry Crisis and a Happy New Fear (2012) and Etheatre Project and Collaborators (2014). Writing from a practice-based perspective, Papagiannouli offers a historical account of online theatre and a detailed analysis of a range of online works, including productions by the National Theatre Wales, NTLive, Dries Verhoeven, Forced Entertainment and Rimini Protokoll.
"The popularity of participatory work with audiences is greater than ever, but the invitation to participate is rarely given attention as a feature of performance, or an important element of practice in its own right. This book presents a theory of audience participation in the theatre, based on the importance of the moment of invitation and how an event changes character when such an invitation is made. The materials from which theatre performance is made expand to include the audience participant's body and social being, with the participant's prior experience and expectations, and their embodied, affective response to the performance becoming of vital importance. Attending to this expanded set of performance media allows us to begin to articulate the aesthetics of participation, and thereafter to consider the ethics and politics of participation more precisely. "--
Drama games : for devising
Critical perspectives on applied theatre
How simulated experiences - from living history to emergency preparedness drills - create meaning in performance.
The nineteenth century was a century of actors. The twentieth century was a century of directors. The twenty-first century is a century of spectators. With Jacques Ranciere's The Emancipated Spectator (2009) being the most discussed theatre-related text of the last decade, there is an increase in scholarly and curatorial interest in the most mysterious, potentially dangerous and, in fact, most important participant of the performance, who stays silent, motionless, and hidden in darkness: the audience. And similarly, artists desire to finally "meet the spectators": to let them speak, get into a dialogue with them, invite them to involve themselves in pursuing the performance. To liberate the audience.
This book draws upon cognitive and affect theory to examine applications of contemporary performance practices in educational, social and community contexts. The writing is situated in the spaces between making and performance, exploring the processes of creating work defined variously as collaborative, participatory and socially engaged.
Applied theatre : bewilderment and beyond
This handbook not only provides a very wide-ranging introduction and orientation to the world of the Theatre of the Oppressed, but Birgit Fritz also presents concrete and practical assistance for structuring basic workshops in process-oriented theatre work and in developing Forum Theatre plays. Birgit Fritz explores the working principles of emancipatory theatre work and somatic learning in depth. She gives numerous examples of the work and life of theatre groups and reveals fascinating possibilities of how theatre for social change can be successfully linked with social and political commitment, so that artistic process can bring about cross-generational collaboration, develop social democracy, and operate as an active force for peace.
House of games : making theatre from everyday life
Theatre for young audiences : a critical handbook
Performance affects : applied theatre and the end of effect
Political cyberformance : the Etheatre Project
Interactive and improvisational drama : varieties of applied theatre and performance
Considering calamity : methods for performance research
Joined forces : audience participation in theatre
Staging an interactive mystery play : a six-week program for developing theatre skills
Remapping performance : common ground, uncommon partners
Audience participation in theatre : aesthetics of the invitation
Performance practice in community settings is an established part of the cultural landscape. However, this practice is frequently viewed as functional: an intervention that seeks to solve, educate or heal. Performance and Community presents an alternative vision, focussing, instead, on the aesthetic and political ambitions of artists, organisations and cultural producers committed to this area. Through case studies, this edited collection gives unprecedented access to some of the leading organisations in the field, examining their creative processes and placing them in their historical context. In parallel, a series of interviews with individual artists explores their approaches and how they are re-shaped by the communities that they encounter. Case studies include: the Grassmarket Project, the Lawnmowers Independent Theatre Company, London Bubble, Magic Me and the partnership between the artist, Mark Storor and producer, Anna Ledgard; while interviews in this collection include: Mojisola Adebayo, Bobby Baker, Sue Emmas, Tony Fegan, Paul Heritage, Rosemary Lee and Lois Weaver. An invaluable resource for students of applied, social, community and contemporary theatre practices, Performance and Community provides vivid evidence of the complex negotiations between artist and community that lie at the heart of this delicate work.
How to put on a community play
Staging social justice : collaborating to create activist theatre
Dance, human rights, and social justice : dignity in motion
Audience Revolution is a multiyear program to study, promote, and support successful audience-engagement and community-development strategies for the U.S. non-for-profit theatre field.
Remapping Performance focuses on the work of artists and experts who collaborate across fields to address social issues. The book explores work of a range of artists who employ artistic training, methodologies and mind-sets in their work with experts from other sectors such as medicine and healthcare and from other disciplines, to draw an expanded map of performance platforms including university/ community partnerships, neighbourhood-bases, and cultural diplomacy. Case studies include ArtSpot Productions/Mondo Bizarro's Cry You One about climate change in southern Louisiana, incorporating theatrics and organizing; Michael Rohd/Sojourn Theatre's social and civic practices; Anne Basting's University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee-based integration of performance and creative aging; and the collaborative cultural diplomacy experiment, smARTpower. Short companion pieces add expertise from Helen Nicholson, Todd London, Julie Thompson Klein, Nancy Cantor, Maria Rosario Jackson, and Penny Von Eschen. Jan Cohen-Cruz ends with suggestions for fully integrating performance in cross-sector initiatives. This latest book by a leading figure in engaged/ applied theatre and performance builds on its predecessors by offering a future-oriented perspective, a vision of art and performance interacting with a range of social sectors and with an emphasis on HE in such partnerships, and will be a 'must-read' for all students and scholars working in this field
Research methodologies for drama education
Applying performance : live art, socially engaged theatre and affective practice
Digital storytelling, applied theatre, & youth : performing possibility
