http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21612 social stations
social stations
Global feminist ethics
The Tudor housewife
From mammy to Miss America and beyond : cultural images and the shaping of US social policy
Stigma and social welfare
Culture and child protection : reflexive responses
The social animal
Gendering citizenship in Western Europe : new challenges for citizenship research in a cross-national context
Socio-economic mortality differences in Finland 1971-85
United Kingdom? : class, race and gender since the war
The button box : lifting the lid on women's lives
Whores in history : prostitution in Western society
Regulating the lives of women : social welfare policy from colonial times to the present
Against equality : readings on economic and social policy
Sociocultural aspects of translating and interpreting
A history of women in Russia : from earliest times to the present
Machos, mistresses, madonnas : contesting the power of Latin American gender imagery
Social work practice with children
Women workers in the Second World War : production and patriarchy in conflict
Woman as force in history : a study in traditions and realities
Determinants of health inequalities by income from the 1980s to the 1990s in Finland
Socio-economic mortality differences in Finland 1981-90
Women, oppression and social work : issues in anti-discriminatory practice
Social politics : international studies in gender, state & society
Creating capabilities : the human development approach
France and women, 1789-1914 : gender, society and politics
Women in the ancient world
EU youth report
Zborník zo Záverečnej medzinárodnej konferencie o procese deinštitucionalizácie v Slovenskej republike : národný projekt : podpora procesu deinštitucionalizácie a transformácie systému sociálnych služieb = Conference proceedings - closing international conference on deinstitutionalization of social services in the Slovak Republic : national project support of deinstitutionalization of social services
Women in the 1920s
Aging : concepts and controversies
Women and social policies in Europe : work, family and the state
This is a collectively written, inter-disciplinary, thematic cross-national study which combines conceptual, theoretical, empirical and policy material in an ambitious and innovative way to explore a key concept in contemporary European political, policy and academic debates. The first part of the book clarifies the various ways that the concept of citizenship has developed historically and is understood today in a range of Western European welfare states. It elaborates on the contemporary framing of debates and struggles around citizenship. This provides a framework for three policy studies, looking at: migration and multiculturalism; the care of young children; and home-based childcare and transnational dynamics. The book is unusual in weaving together the topics of migration and childcare and in studying these issues together within a gendered citizenship framework. It also demonstrates the value of a multi-level conceptualisation of citizenship, stretching from the domestic sphere through the national and European levels to the global. The book is aimed at students of social policy, sociology, European studies, women's studies and politics and at researchers/scholars/policy analysts in the areas of: citizenship; gender; welfare states; and, migration.
Childhood, generational order and the welfare state : exploring children's social and economic welfare
Am I that name? : feminism and the category of women in history
The position of women in Britain has undergone significant changes since the war. They have won greater legal equality and, in principle, the right to equal pay, and more married women than ever go out to work. However, few women enter parliament and many work for extremely low wages. This book examines how much has changed and why. Focusing particularly on women's legal rights, their position at work and their access to political power, it asks how far women have achieved equality and to what extent they can determine their own lives and influence future conditions.
Widows and orphans first : the family economy and social welfare policy, 1880-1939
How fascism ruled women : Italy, 1922-1945
Equality in law between men and women in the European Community. The Netherlands
Equality of treatment between women and men in social security
Childhood in society for the early years
The world guide. 1999/2000, [An alternative reference to the countries of our planet]
Women's issues in social policy
Status anxiety
Daughters of the Canton Delta : marriage patterns and economic strategies in South China, 1860-1930
The women of Suye Mura
The double standard : a feminist critique of feminist social science
The aged and the society : some factors influencing the status of the aged in Finland
Clients or co-producers? : the changing role of citizens in social services
The unknown Balinese : land, labour and inequality in Lombok
Childhood as a social phenomenon. An introduction to a series of national reports
The politics of women's rights
Changing education : women as radicals and conservators
A social history of Ethiopia : the Northern and Central Highlands from early Medieval times to the rise of Emperor Téwodros II
Women, the state, and welfare
Womenś activism and social change : Rochester, New York, 1822-1872
Gender reclaimed : women in social work
Athens and Sparta : constructing Greek political and social history from 478 BC
Dress, adornment, and the social order
Women's movements of the world : an international directory and reference guide
Loosening the bonds : Mid-Atlantic farm women, 1750-1850
Widows and dependent wives : from social problem to federal program
This title is a journey into the interior of language. The author reveals the patriarchal construction of language and religious imagery, and offers alternatives.
Women and social services departments
Social behaviour and family strategies in the Balkans (16th - 20th centuries) = Comportements sociaux et stratégies familiales dans les Balkans (XVIe-XXe siècles)
Obligations, loyalties, conflicts : highly educated women and family life in Nairobi, Kenya
And still they dance : women, war and the struggle for change in Mozambique
Belonging : solidarity and division in modern societies
Women and social security : progress towards equality of treatment
Widows in Anglo-Saxon and Medieval Britain
Working with men : feminism and social work
Caring for children and older people - a comparison of European policies and practices
Feminism and anthropology
How to carry out register-based health services research in Finland? : compiling complex study data in the REDD project
Women of the barrio : class and gender in a Colombian city
Expectations and visions of elderly care among people aged 50-59 years : the report of transnational survey in Finland, the Netherlands, Poland and Hungary & The country report of Finland (in Finnish)
Goddesses, whores, wives, and slaves : women in classical antiquity
Women, management and care
Women in England 1500-1760 : a social history
Russian women, 1698-1917 : experience and expression : an anthology of sources
Precious
Normal family processes : growing diversity and complexity
This is the first book which examines the nature and significance of a feminist critique in anthropology. It offers a clear introduction to, and balanced assessment of, the theoretical and practical issues raised by the development of a feminist anthropology. Henrietta Moore situates the development of a feminist approach in anthropology within the context of the discipline, examining the ways in which women have been studied in anthropology - as well as the ways in which the study of gender has influenced the development of the discipline anthropology. She considers the application of feminist work to key areas of anthropological research, and addresses the question of what social anthropology has to contribute to contemporary feminism. Throughout the book Henrietta Moore's analysis is informed by her own extensive fieldwork in Africa and by her concern to develop anthropological theory and method by means of feminist critique. This book will be of particular value to students in anthropology, women's studies and the social sciences.
Social role valorization and the English experience
Crime control and women : feminist implications of criminal justice policy
Risk Management in Social Work : Preventing Professional Malpractice, Liability, and Disciplinary Action
Boundaries of an urban minority : the Helsinki Jewish community from the end of Imperial Russia until the 1970s
Youth and social policy : youth citizenship and young careers
Women in the streets : essays on sex and power in Renaissance Italy
Millennium girls : today's girls around the world
Law and drama as means of control in Chester 1500-1575 : an interpretation of Chester Corpus Christi Play of the Woman taken in adultery
This is an apposite time to publish a comparative analysis of the welfare state. Social provision is under attack not just in Britain but in many other countries. There appear to be significant economic, demographic and ideological factors which have contributed to the "crisis" of the welfare state. This book uses a feminist perspective to analyse the welfare state in six countries: Britain, the United States, Canada, Sweden, China and the Soviet Union. Income maintenance, family policy and health policy are examined separately for each country, drawing on an extensive list of secondary sources. The author concludes that in both capitalist and socialist societies economic exigencies have distorted and often negated the provision of services which respond to people's welfare needs. The aim of the book is ambitious: unfortunately, it lacks the scholarship to deliver its objectives in a satisfying way. The concept of the welfare state is not explicitly defined but a limiting view, focussing mainly on financial provision, is adopted in practice. The chapter on health goes some way to rectifying this, although this, in turn, concentrates largely on hospital services. There is no reference to education, housing, or other community services.
Families, politics and the law : perspectives for East and West Europe
Abstract (1 lehti). Summary (lehdet 27-33).
Social policy : a feminist analysis
Women across continents : feminist comparative social policy
An immigrant woman in Finland
Gendered violence : patterns and causes of women-to-women violence in the Lake Zone regions of Tanzania, East Africa
