http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21681 import prices
import prices
The Russian economy is evidently largely based on the energy sector.This has raised concern in academic circles as to whether Russia is to some degree affected by the Dutch disease, i.e. whether a sharp rise of commodity prices results in an appreciation of the real exchange rate, which undermines the competitiveness of manufacturing and may lead to the deindustrialization of the economy.We focus on this possible final outcome, which has not been studied much in the literature so far: We compare Russian industrial import growth - based on EU-25 volume export figures to Russia - with domestic industrial production growth, disaggregated by branches, in the period from 2002 to 2006.In all manufacturing sectors except electrical, electronic and optical equipment and strongly protected foodstuffs, imports are found to be expanding faster than domestic output.In some sectors, imports have even exceeded domestic production.Import competition is therefore strong and rising.We conclude that Russia may be facing incipient deindustrialization at least in some parts of the manufacturing sector.This could indicate that the Russian economy has contracted the Dutch disease, although it should be noted that other factors could also have driven sectoral changes.While it is beyond the scope of our study to examine whether the other chain links of the Dutch disease hold as well, it does provide evidence of some movements in the direction of deindustrialization, which is in line with the Dutch disease theory. Keywords: Dutch disease, Russia, EU25, import competition, deindustrialization, foreign trade .
The effects of the 2004 reduction in the price of alcohol on alcohol-related harm in Finland : a natural experiment based on register data
Production, prices, employment, and trade in northwest forest industries : fourth quarter 1997
The Rusian non-fuel sector : signs of Dutch disease? : evidence  from EU-25 import competition
This paper examines the vertical price transmission of banana and orange prices in Finland using import and consumer price series from years 1998-2009. Considering the stationary behaviour of the price series, the dynamic relationship between import and consumer price is investigated by Autoregressive Distributed Lag (ADL) models and Error Correction Models (ECM). The results show that the vertical price transmission is symmetric both with banana and orange. However, the analysis concentrates on the speed of adjustment towards the equilibrium of prices. Due to linearity of the model it does not take into account the magnitude of the price change.
The Nordic borders are not alike
Abstract: Trade policy and consumer prices of foodstuffs.
The pass-through of exchange rate changes to import prices
Consequences of the EU membership on food prices and food consumption in Finland
International marketing
Energiatilastot 2002 = Energistatistik = Energy statistics
Energiatilasto : vuosikirja 2007 : yearbook 2007 = Energy statistics
Vertical price transmission in the Finnish import fruit markets
Who are private alcohol importers in the Nordic countries?
Trade protection of Finnish dairy products and its effects on consumer welfare
Price dynamics in the US market for apparel imports : impact of quota elimination under the agreement on textiles and clothing and safeguard restrictions on the People's Republic of China
Energiatilasto : vuosikirja 2006 : energy statistics : yearbook 2006.
Analysis of the European market for organic food
Exchange rates and import prices in Finland : estimation of exchange rate pass-through
Energiatilasto : vuosikirja 2010 = Energy statistics : yearbook 2010.
Energiatilasto 2003 : energy statistics
Elements of agricultural trade policies
