http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21651 production systems
production systems
Automotive production systems and standardisation : from Ford to the case of Mercedes-Benz
Reducing of non-value adding time in customer customized production / Ilkka Hänninen
Proceedings of Ist International Symposium on Sustainable Vegetable Production in Southeast Asia : Salatiga, Indonesia, March 14-17, 2011
Implementation of SAP R/3 production planning module
Principles of operations management
Scalability testing of a large system : an experimental study
Production system engineering
Approaches to economic geography : towards a geographical political economy
Manufacturing ideology : scientific management in twentieth-century Japan
The global economy in transition
This book is aimed at engineers and technicians who need to have a clear, practical understanding of the essentials of process control, loop tuning and how to optimize the operation of their particular plant or process. The reader would typically be involved in the design, implementation and upgrading of industrial control systems. Mathematical theory has been kept to a minimum with the emphasis throughout on practical applications and useful information. This book will enable the reader to: Specify and design the loop requirements for a plant using PID control, Identify and apply the essent.
Practical process control for engineers and technicians
Creating a lean and green business system : techniques for improving profits and sustainability
Stakeholder analysis in software-intensive systems development
The dimensions of seasonal production in northern Zambia. 1, Farming systems research : the why and how of a new-old approach to agricultural research
Toyota culture : the heart and soul of the Toyota way
On-farm agronomic trials in farming systems research and extension
This thesis work is a case study of challenges in the New Product Introduction (NPI) work phase in the Small and Medium-sized Enterprise (SME) company, which provides Electronics Manufacturing Services (EMS) to Research and Development (R&D) companies in Finland. This thesis provides an answer for the question received from the case study company (CS Company) management: “what challenges these current unspecified methods cause and how they can be avoided”. The CS Company management also asked this work to provide the clear process specification for the NPI round. An empirical study of the current NPI process and its effects on the stakeholders was performed through one-to-one discussions with the CS Company owner-managers and some of the key employees. The CS Company process descriptions and documentation were evaluated, and the results formed the qualitative base, from where the in-depth understanding of the process state could be determined. The data was analysed through the Toyota Way methodology, from where the reasons and the causes for the problems were found. The analysis was supported by the psychological behaviour articles found through the literature study. This study showed that the deviations in the processes caused time loss, irritation and demotivation for all the stakeholders in the CS Company. As a consequence, these negative emotions reduced the work results, and caused more lost time in the CS Company. The focus should be placed on the process improvement as a corrective action, and the possibility to diverse the employees’ work content should be investigated. The improved NPI process which was developed for the CS Company will remove the identified process related deviations and help the stakeholders save time in their tasks.This study showed that the process improvements are crucial for the SME. If the processes are not regularly checked and updated, the process description may become useless. Processes tend to take more time from the stakeholders and at the end they cause a loss of time for the SME. Even if the process improving takes time and costs money to the CS Company, it is cheaper at the end than the choice to not develop the processes and continue with the status-quo thinking.
Engineering materials and processes desk reference
What can the Finnish food chain be proud of? Views on value added factors in the Finnish food chain.
Human aspects of software engineering
Design of automatic machinery
Improving Process the Efficiency of WPC Extrusion by a Production Loss Monitoring System : Case: UPM ProFi
Outsourcing challenges in Russia
The purpose of this thesis is to define an Intelligent Milking System as a modern technology and innovation in the dairy farming that allows farmers to use computerized machines to do diversified activities regarding their dairy cattle management and productions systems. This thesis will explain why Kenya should adopt the use of this milking system in its dairy sector. In addition, it will explore how this system works in a typical dairy farm and highlight important considerations that will ensure farmers get high quality services and products. Moreover, it will present the importance of using milking machines in the dairy sector and how this has changed the lives of farmers, their animals and dependants. The paper will describe two Finnish case studies where Intelligent Milking System (IMS) has been successfully embraced. It will also highlight the significance of adopting this practice by the Kenya Dairy Board (KDB) to boost milk production quality and quantity in Kenya. Lastly, it will present recommendations on how this method can be improved to ensure there is a maximum profit generation, reduced costs and improved quality and quantity of milk supply.
NFF in mass-production
Value creation by enterprise systems value added resellers:the case of PLM systems VARs
Exploring the elements for value co-creation in consumer information systems in B2B context : a case study on the business event industry
Farming systems of the world
The Toyota way : 14 management principles from the world's greatest manufacturer
Intelligent milking systems : computerized dairy cows management and control systems
On the tactical level production planning in flexible manufacturing systems
Farmer first : farmer innovation and agricultural research
Handbook of modern manufacturing management
Production management systems : a CIM perspective
Farming systems research : a review
Regulating secure software development : analysing the potential regulatory solutions for the lack of security in software
Scalability is a characteristic of software that enables efficient use of hardware resources on different load levels. The objective of this study was to experiment with and evaluate scalability testing practices. The research method was based on action research. A scalability test was conducted on a large network management system in April-October 2015. Three test rounds were completed with different loads. Performance metrics were used as indicators for system stability at different load levels. Detailed test results were regarded as confidential, thus they were not included in the report.  The test was successful and scalability bottlenecks were found. It was unexpected that also several functionality defects were detected. This could be caused by having a differ-ent focus of testing in this experiment than in typical release testing. Recommendations for best practices were listed for future use. Based on the experiment, it seems useful to conduct scalability testing as a separate test type. In future projects, it would be interesting to compare subsequent releases with some scalability metrics. In addition, the variables in capacity and scalability testing could be investigated more, especially in reference to cloud computing, so that practices for testing could be established.
Production frontiers
Harvard business review on manufacturing excellence at Toyota
Sensors and control systems in manufacturing
The Switch localization project and lean thinking philosophy
This thesis examined hydrological processes such as snowmelt and groundwater discharge in drained peatland areas in the boreal zone. The studied processes were measured in situ using environmental tracers. Further, performance of a treatment wetland was studied during snowmelt and high flow. A GIS model was developed to estimate groundwater seepage areas in peatland systems surrounding eskers.It was found that soil frost had a clear impact on water quality during snowmelt. This was evident as lower suspended sediments, water colour and dissolved organic carbon concentrations, among other changes. The treatment wetland was found to reduce the suspended solids load during the snowmelt period and late autumn, while reductions in phosphorus and nitrogen loads occurred during summer. A sampling algorithm was built to test how different sampling frequencies affected the estimation of suspended solid loads from the constructed wetland. The results showed increasing uncertainty for sparser sampling (from weekly to monthly sampling), but the uncertainty remained high even at weekly sampling. The GIS model was tested on two eskers and shown to give a fair estimate of groundwater discharge locations. It can thus be used for improving aquifer protection in boreal eskers related to the drainage networks surrounding them. However, to be applied more widely, further efforts are required.The findings in this thesis could be used to develop better water management policies for peat extraction areas, or other industries operating in similar soils and climate. For example, meltwater could be allowed to temporarily bypass treatment facilities in areas with deep soil frost penetration. The wetland study showed that peatland-based wetlands are a suitable approach for improving water treatment performance even under variable hydraulic loads. The uncertainty in the estimated load from a small peat extraction catchment was high, which might limit the use of such data for some purposes. Load estimation methods using the concentration data collected during previous years might be able to reduce the uncertainty, but if the uncertainty needs to be lowered substantially use of sensor technology might be the only viable approach.
The customer centric enterprise : advances in mass customization and personalizaton
Global livestock production systems
Implementation of manufacturing data management application in the scientific research project
Improving the on-time delivery by developing performance measurement system on the basis of QRM in the case company
Knowledge-based decision support systems for production optimization and quality improvement in the electronics industry
Production matters : VTT in global trends
Lean for dummies
Manufacturing systems modeling and analysis
Soviet workers and de-Stalinization : the consolidation of the modern system of Soviet production relations, 1953-1964
Capability-based adaptation of production systems in a changing environment
Manufacturing and service enterprise with risks : a stochastic management approach
Integrating Master Data Application in a Global Enterprise
Case study of NPI process improvement for SME EMS Company
Creating Efficiency through Defining and Utilizing Synergies in the Field of Logistics : Case study : Tampere Regional Transport Research
Production system assessment and improvement : a tool for make-to-order and assemble-to-order companies
Livestock farming systems : integrating animal science advances in the search of sustainability : proceedings of the Fifth International Symposium on livestock farming systems, Posieux (Fribourg), Switzerland, 19-20 August, 1999
Open systems and standards for software product development
Things that are good for the planet are also good for business. Numerous studies from the likes of the Economist Intelligence Unit, Harvard, MIT Sloan, and others indicate that organizations that commit to goals of zero waste, zero harmful emissions, and zero use of nonrenewable resources clearly outperform their competition. Like lean thinking, greening your business is not just a 'nice to have'; at least not anymore. It is now a key economic driver for many forward looking firms. This book is packed with case studies and examples that illustrate how leading firms use lean and green as simultaneous sources of inspiration in various sectors of industry - from automotive and retail to textile and brewing. Take Toyota as an example, the holy grail of economic efficiency for decades. This book, shows that Toyota tops the green chart too, describing Toyota's notion of Monozukuri: sustainable manufacturing. Creating a Lean and Green Business System: Techniques for Improving Profits and Sustainability offers opportunities for innovation that can simultaneously reduce dependence on natural resources and enhance global prosperity.
Reconfigurable manufacturing systems and transformable factories
Manufacturing assembly handbook
Model-driven development of control applications : modeling tools, simulations and safety
Decision support system for agricultural land use and fertilisation optimisation : a case study on barley production in Estonia
Runoff generation and load estimation in drained peatland areas
Supporting collaborative development:cognitive challenges and solutions of developing embedded systems
Conducting on-farm animal research : procedures & economic analysis
Changeable and reconfigurable manufacturing systems
e-Manufacturing : towards global engineering
World livestock production systems : current status, issues and trends
Understanding A3 thinking : a critical component of Toyota's PDCA management system
Industrial design : reference + specification book : all the details industrial designers need to know but can never find
Animal production and animal science worldwide
The aim of the study was to define and describe the problems in Nokia̕s current material managing. Also the focus of the study was to give new ideas and development areas to manage increasing demand to produce small-batch, tailor- made products in the mass production. The study was divided into theoretical and analytical part. The theoretical part concerns general logistics concepts and definitions, which serve as a basis to the actual study. The analytical part concerns processes of the company and the current state of the material management in more detail. In the study the present processes and operations models are described and are defined the targets, which should be reached in efficient material flow management. The study concerns the total lead-time of materials and factors, which form the total lead-time in the production. Finally, developing areas and ideas, which could be used to further develop for material management in the future, were suggested.
Supplying small solar photovoltaic systems to Hanoi, Vietnam
Gemba kaizen : a commonsense, low-cost approach to management
A Feasibility Study of Process Steam Sourcing for District Heating Accumulators
First course on power systems
The social sciences in international agricultural research : lessons from the CRSPs
Logical and semantic foundations of knowledge representation for assembly and manufacturing processes
Deadlock resolution in automated manufacturing systems : a novel Petri net approach
Structural linkages for integrating agricultural research and extension
An architecture for flexible manufacturing systems based on task-driven agents
Vibration Measurement for Rotatory Machines : Importance of maintenance practices
Towards successful production concepts in global environment : the final report of "Production anticipation in multicultural environments" research project
Green manufacturing : fundamentals and applications
Operations and supply management
Tieto Software Product Quality Analysis System
Production System Lean Transformation : Case: Merivaara Oy
Event-based middleware for reconfigurable manufacturing systems : a semantic web services approach
Automation, production systems, and computer-integrated manufacturing
Green Manufacturing Processes and Systems
Toyota production system : beyond large-scale production
Kaizen (Ky'zen) : the key to Japan's competitive success
Museum24 : collaborative writing as a method in local cultural heritage preservation
Mass customization : a supply chain approach
Industrial market structure and economic performance
