http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2160 oratorios
oratorios
Haydn: The creation
The Messiah = Der Messias : oratorio in three parts
A history of the oratorio. 4, The oratorio in the nineteenth and twentieth centuries
Hercules : A Musical Drama
Der Messias : Oratorium : an oratorio = The Messiah
Mendelssohn's "Elijah" : a historical and analytical guide to the oratorio
Joseph (1745)
The Messiah : A sacred oratorio : full score
Paul McCartney's Liverpool oratorio
Occasional Oratorio HWV 62 : Oratorio in three parts = Oratorium in drei Teilen
Paul McCartney's Liverpool Oratorio
Susanna : highlights
Messiah : Oratorio (Dublin, 1742)
Messiah : (Highlights)
Ivan the Terrible
Messiah : Highlight
Samson
Christmas around the world
The Triumph of Time and Truth
Israel in Egypt
Three baroque tenors
Fire water paper : a Vietnam oratorio
Israel in Egypt : 1739 version 1 : including the original part 1 The lamentations of the Israelites for the death of Joseph (The ways of Zion do mourn)
Messiah : He shall feed his flock
Die Legende von der heiligen Elisabeth : oratorium = The legend of Saint Elisabeth
Acis & Galatea
The Messiah : Oratorio
The Mask of Time
A history of the oratorio. 1, The oratorio in the baroque era : Italy, Vienna, Paris
Songs of farewell
The Dream of Gerontius (Cardinal Newman) op. 38
Messiah : Foundling Hospital Version 1754
Jephtha : Oratorio in three acts
A history of the oratorio. 3  , The oratorio in the classical era
The art of the Prima Donna : Arne, Händel, Bellini, Gounod, Verdi, Mozart, Thomas, Meyerbeer, Delibes, Rossini
Die Schöpfung = The Creation
Messiah : A sacred oratorio
Samson HWV 57
Oratoriot. Messias
The Dream of Gerontius
A Child of our time
Messiah : understanding and performing Handel's masterpiece
Himmelfahrts-Oratorium = Ascension Oratorio BWV 11 : Klavierauszug = Piano reduction
Israel In Egypt : Oratorio in twp parts HWV 54
Great Handel
Perfect harmony
Score reading. Book 4, Oratorios
Saul : oratorio in three acts
Deborah : Great Choruses and Arias
A Dictionary of opera and song themes : including cantatas, oratorios, lieder and art songs
Jephtha : oratorio
Israel in Egypt : Oratorio in three parts
Tainted glory in Handel's Messiah : the unsettling history of the world's most beloved choral work
The Passion of Mary
The oratorio in Venice
To be certain of the dawn
Joseph and his Brethren : A sacred drama
An introduction to the dramatic works of Giacomo Meyerbeer : operas, ballets, cantatas, plays
Belshazzar : Jephtha
A child of our time : Oratorio in three parts
Der Messias = The Messiah : Oratorium
The Oratorios of Handel
Athalia
Yeah! Yeah! Die! Die! : Death metal symphony in deep C
J.S. Bach and the oratorio tradition
English Arias
A history of the oratorio. 2 , The oratorio in the baroque era : protestant Germany and England
Solomon : Oratorio in three acts
The Messiah (highlights)
The oratorio
Messiah : Highlights
Christus : oratorio for soli, chorus, organ and orchestra
Let the bright Seraphim
Samson : oratorio
The people shall hear! : a collection of great choruses
Jephtha
Theodora
Madonna : sacred art and holy music
Job : an oratorio for treble, tenor, baritone and bass soli, chorus and orchestra
Messiah : vocal score ; edited by Clifford Bartlett
The Occasional oratorio
Belshazzar : Oratorio en trois actes
The Creation
The creation
Messiah : arias and choruses
Messiah : A Sacred oratorio : Highlights
Die Wahl des Herakles = The Choice of Hercules : Gesamtaufnahme in englischer Sprache
Messiah : He was despised and rejected
Tobit : an oratorio in three parts
Messiah : Le Messie = Der Messias, Oratorio (Dublin, 1742)
Tippett : a child of our time
Athalia : English oratorio in three acts, HWV 52.
The Handel collection
A child of our time : Oratiorio for soli, chorus and orchestra
Deborah : oratorio
Theodora HWV 68 : Oratorio in three parts = Oratorio in drei Teilen = Oratorio en trois parties
Das Weihnachtsoratorium = The Christmas Oratorio BWV 248
Theodora : Oratorio in three parts
The Dream of Gerontius op. 38
The seasons : in full score
Oedipus Tex & Other Choral Calamities
