http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2166 machinery sector
machinery sector
Multiple channel strategies in the European PC industry
Abstract.
"Validate your idea by learning the needs of potential users; develop branding, marketing, and sales strategies early on; form relationships with the right investment partners; prototype early and often to ensure you're on the right path; understand processes and pitfalls of manufacturing at scale; jumpstart your business with the help of an accelerator; learn strategies for pricing, marketing, and distribution; be aware of the legal issues your new company may face"--Page 4 of cover.
Alan Turing : the enigma : the book that inspired the film The imitation game
The pocket illustrated dictionary of engineering terms
Hands-on computer activities for teaching math : grades 3-8
How to Increase Search Engine Visibility by Using Basic SEM and SEO Tecniques : Case: Voglia Oy
The art and science of C : a library-based introduction to computer science
Learning through problems : number sense and computational strategies : a resource for primary teachers
Principles of electrical engineering
Computerization of the Kenyan health care records
The woven pixel : designing for Jacquard and Dobby looms using Photoshop
Tools and rules. Metalwork : opettajan opas
Interactive experience in the digital age : evaluating new art practice
Abstract: Computerization of the Kenyan health care records. The purpose of this paper is to create awareness of the benefits of a computerized health care system as opposed to the manual system of record keeping currently in operation within the Kenyan healthcare sector. This paper highlights the current problems that hospitals face and how they can be eliminated. In the research of this Thesis, it was found that the Kenyan population estimates as of 2011 records 41 million inhabitants. The largest referral hospital in Kenya, the Kenyatta national hospital currently has to contend with 3,000 manual transactions daily with stationery accounting for 12 per cent of it is administrative costs. Lack of computer-based files means that health care professionals cannot effectively cater to the patients' well-being. The health of these inhabitants is vital and this paper will emphasize on how computerization in the health care system will revamp it. By digitizing over 40 million records and other technology transformations, the Kenyatta hospital believes that it will contribute to the knowledge transfer and citizen transformation ecosystem. The research questions for this paper were: What is the current situation in the Kenyan medical record system in the health sector? How can a computer-based system be incorporated in the Kenyan health sector? What are the benefits of introducing a computer-based system in the Kenyan health sector? As a result of the thesis, ideas of a computerized healthcare system were formulated and a general framework of the system examined. The computer-based system derived from this paper would be able to effectively and efficiently output the identity of individuals, their diagnosis and medical history without necessarily having to go back to the manual bundle of records.
Computer music
Alan Turing : the enigma
Magnetic metal : toward a model for satisfaction of education and career in vocational upper secondary education and training of machinery and metal technology in the Lahti region
Techniques d'analyse de la fiabilité des systèmes = Analysis techniques for system reliability : procédure d'analyse des modes de défaillance et de leurs effets (AMDE) = procedure for failure mode and effects analysis (FMEA)
Machines électriques tournantes = Rotating electrical machines. Partie 7 = Part 7, Classification des modes de construction, des dispositions de montage et position de la boîte à bordes (Code IM) = Classification of types of construction, mounting arrangements and terminal box position (IM Code)
Machines électriques tournantes = Rotating electrical machines. Partie 5 = Part 5, Degrés de protection procurés par la conception intégrale des machines électriques tournantes (code IP) - Classification = Degrees of protection provided by the integral design of rotating electrical machines (IP code) - Classification
Handbook of farm, dairy and food machinery engineering
Multichannel multimarket media services : dynamic media business models, value chains and ecosystems
Scene it? : All new movie clips and trivia : Wii
Proceedings
Fundamentals of machine elements
Dependability management = Gestion de la sûreté de fonctionnement. Part 3-1 = Partie 3-1, Application guide = Guide d'application : Analysis techniques for dependability = Techniques d'analyse de la sûreté de fonctionnement : Guide on methodology = Guide méthodologique
Inflammabilité des matériaux solides non métalliques soumis à des sources d'allumage à flamme = Flammability of solid non-metallic materials when exposed to flame sources : liste des méthodes d'essai = list of test methods
Market research on chippers to Japan for Junkkari Ltd. : entry strategy for Japanese forstry culture and market research
Love and sex with robots : the evolution of human-robot relationships
Game On! 2017: all the best games, amazing facts, awesome secrets
Oxford English for information technology : teacher's guide
Alan Turing and his contemporaries : building the world's first computers
Software innovation in Finland
Computer applications in food technology : use of spreadsheets in graphical, statistical, and process analyses
Global hospitality and tourism management technologies
"This book is a comprehensive source of information for those interested in tourism and hospitality management, approaches, and trends, and, covers the emerging research topics that will define the future of IT and cultural development in the 21st century"--Provided by publisher.
Proceedings of Digra Nordic 2012 : Local and global - games in culture and society
Machines électriques tournantes = Rotating electrical machines. Partie 8 = Part 8, Marques d'extrémité et sens de rotation = Terminal markings and direction of rotation
Changing faces of game innovation : GaIn and GIIP research project report
Developing attributes in Australian mechanical engineers : a role based study of Australian mechanical engineer attributes and the technologies used to deliver them through proximal and distance education
Technical communication research : dissemination, reception, utilization
Secrets of digital illustration : a master class in commercial image-making
The green kingdom : Finland's forest cluster
Information and communications technology in primary schools : children or computers in control?
Methods and tools for co-operative and integrated design
Abstract: Market research on chippers to Japan for Junkkari Ltd.
The designer's lexicon
Machines électriques tournantes = Rotating electrical machines. Partie 6 = Part 6, Modes de refroidissement (Code IC) = Methods of cooling (IC Code)
Computers in the primary school
Turing and the universal machine : the making of the modern computer
The man who knew too much : Alan Turing and the invention of the computer
Customisation of fashion products using complete garment technology
This book explains how designing, playing and modifying computer games, and understanding the theory behind them, can strengthen the area of digital humanities. This book aims to help digital humanities scholars understand both the issues and also advantages of game design, as well as encouraging them to extend the field of computer game studies, particularly in their teaching and research in the field of virtual heritage. By looking at re-occurring issues in the design, playtesting and interface of serious games and game-based learning for cultural heritage and interactive history, this book highlights the importance of visualisation and self-learning in game studies and how this can intersect with digital humanities. It also asks whether such theoretical concepts can be applied to practical learning situations. It will be of particular interest to those who wish to investigate how games and virtual environments can be used in teaching and research to critique issues and topics in the humanities, particularly in virtual heritage and interactive history.
Art, games and sensors harnessed to enhance well-being
Engines of logic : mathematicians and the origin of the computer
Handbook of farm, dairy, and food machinery
Games and gamers : business and popularity
Maintenance engineering handbook
Machines électriques tournantes = Rotating electrical machines. Partie 12 = Part 12, Caractéristiques de démarrage des moteurs triphasés à induction à une seule vitesse = Starting performance of single-speed three-phase cage induction motors
The effects of multi-methodological group intervention on cognition and mood of subjects with dementia - a study on the rehabilitation model developed in the "Mutual Tone" -project.
Files and folders
MWP : Metalworking production
National core curriculum for upper secondary vocational education and training and requirements of the competence-based qualification : vocational qualification in metalwork and machinery 2000
Design and Assembly of a Thermoacoustic Engine Prototype
Just say no to Microsoft : how to ditch Microsoft and why it's not as hard as you think
Turing : pioneer of the information age
Ponsse since 1970 : from the woods to the world market
Computer ethics - selected issues concerning the morality of software piracy
Tools and rules. Electricity and electronics : opettajan opas
The annotated Turing : a guided tour through Alan Turing's historic paper on computability and the Turing machine
The video game business
Expert : English for metal workers
Critical gaming : interactice history and virtual heritage
Infotech : English for computer users. Student's book
The videogames industry is a key international cultural force, and game players are far more diverse than the traditional idea of 'toys for teenage boys'. Randy Nichols' study examines the processes of production, ties to other industries, and the nature of employment in the videogames industry.
StanForD 2010 : benefits, needs and requirements for users and manufacturers
e-Learning and the science of instruction : proven guidelines for consumers and designers of multimedia learning
By gamers for gamers. This is the definitive guide for gaming for kids, fully updated for 2017. Features tips and tricks for gamers and interviews from gaming's biggest personalities, including game developers and pro-gamers. Learn how to dominate the biggest online multiplayer games, including LEGO Dimensions, LEGO Star Wars: The Force Awakens, No Man's Sky and Minecraft Story Mode. Find out facts and stats and unlock the rarest trophies and achievements in different game worlds. It also includes a definitive list of the fifty biggest games of the past year, and the ultimate guide to the fifty biggest games coming in 2017.
The role of business model in computer game development organizations
Towards StanForD-XML
Interactive children, communicative teaching : ICT and clasroom teaching
The hardware startup : building your product, business, and brand
Kempe's engineers year-book for 1995
Industry clothing construction methods
Scaffolding inquiry in science education by means of computer supported collaborative learning : pupils' and teacher students' experiences
Biomechanical investigation of the mandible, a related donor site and reconstructions for optimal load-bearing
Wood harvesting and logistics in Russia : focus on research and business opportunities : final report of the research project
The role of Internet marketing in finnish tourism industry
Pen and mouse : commercial art and digital illustration
The print revolution : groundbreaking textile design in the digital age
