http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2168 teaching premises
teaching premises
School-based audiology
Teaching skills for dummies
Towards dialogic teaching in science : challenging classroom realities through teacher education
A room to learn : rethinking classroom environments
On the analysis of classroom teaching situations : methodological experiment
Pedagogical desire : authority, seduction, transference, and the question of ethics
Educational dimensions of school buildings
Hear, listen, play! : how to free your student's aural, improvisation and performance skills
Oppiva kampus : How to co-create campus?
A guide to classroom observation
Planning from lesson to lesson : a way of making lesson planning easier
PE teachers' job satisfaction, turnover, and intention to stay or leave the profession
Investigations into the instructional process. 6, Group work as a social interaction process : a case approach
"This book presents recent and important theoretical and practical advances in educational technology design in higher education, examining their possibilities for enhancing teaching and learning"--Provided by publisher.
All about the ECERS-R : a detailed guide in words and pictures to be used with the ECERS-R
School building and educational change
Local educational order : ethnomethodological studies of knowledge in action
Constructive feedback : learning the art : the story of Oliver and Taylor
Powerful techniques for teaching adults
School days, fun days : creative ways to teach humor skills in the classroom
Scaffolded assistance provided by an EFL teacher during whole-class interaction
Composition in the classroom : a tool for teaching
The language of teaching : meaning in classroom interaction
"The first curricular-focused outdoor learning textbook for prospective and practising K-12 teachers, this book provides both academic justification and practical support for educators working in a wide variety of environments and with diverse populations of students to incorporate more meaningful outdoor learning opportunities into their daily teaching activities. Learning Outside the Classroom is not a set of prescriptive activities that can be read and used uncritically. The idea of adaptation for personal relevance is central. All teachers are capable of enhancing their students' learning experiences by systematically and progressively incorporating ventures outside the classroom into their lessons. The principles and examples presented in this book are intended to be adapted by teachers to suit the needs of their students in ways that draw upon content offered by the local landscape and its natural and built heritage. Nor is this book just about outdoor learning; it's about good teaching -- wherever it takes place. It is about helping teachers devise and use the tools with which they can address the largely uncontested assumption that legitimate learning only occurs within four walls. Learning outside the classroom affords teachers the privilege of helping and the joy of observing students in a process of intellectual, emotional, and social growth that can last a lifetime"-- Provided by publisher.
Training factory for the electronics industry
Case studies on teaching
The teacher as a source of educational support : exploring teacher-child interactions and teachers' pedagogical practices in Finnish preschool classrooms
Better behaviour in classrooms : a framework for inclusive behaviour management
Classroom management : creating positive learning environments
Investigations into the instructional process. 5, Experiences with the Bellack classification system
The classroom : encounter and engagement
Materialities of schooling : design, technology, objects, routines
Discovering the musical mind : a view of creativity as learning
Making teaching visible : documenting individual and group learning as professional development : a making learning visible monograph
Learning outside the classroom : theory and guidelines for practice
Investigations into the instructional process. 9, Pupil's goal-related behavior during the instructional interaction
Making sense of the problems of change : an ethnographic study of a teacher education reform
Children's spaces
Innovative techniques for large-group instruction : an NSTA Press journals collection
Redefining the place to learn
The use of different style variants and style shifting and their functions in the speech of an EFL teacher
Research in the classroom : talk, texts, and inquiry
Effective teaching : evidence and practice
Classroom discourse and the space of learning
The balance of instructional situations
Teacher's handbook : contextualized language intruction
"Effective teacher-student interactions are a primary ingredient of high-quality early educational experiences. With the popular CLASS observational tool, schools can accurately assess classroom quality in K-3 classrooms based on teacher-student interactions rather than the physical environment or a specific curriculum. The CLASS tool covers three crucial domains of teacher-student interaction: Emotional Support, Classroom Organization, and Instructional Support. has high validity and reliability, proven through more than a decade of testing and research in over 3,000 classrooms. addresses a school's most urgent needs: accountability efforts, professional development, program planning, and research. establishes an accurate picture of the classroom through 30-minute cycles of observation and scoring, repeated up to 6 times over 3 hours. helps identify areas for improvement so programs can choose effective interventions for "trouble spots." This useful manual includes detailed descriptions of the 10 CLASS dimensions, administration procedures, and a technical appendix. One copy of the CLASS Dimensions Overview, a tri-fold reference sheet for observers, is included with the manual. This user's guide is part of CLASS, the bestselling classroom observational tool that measures interactions between children and teachers--a primary ingredient of high-quality early educational experiences. With versions for toddler programs, pre-K (in English and Spanish), and K-3 classrooms, the reliable and valid CLASS tool establishes an accurate picture of the classroom through brief, repeated observation and scoring cycles and effectively pinpoints areas for improvement."--Publisher's website.
Environments that support learning : an introduction to the learning environments approach
Meditation in schools : a practical guide to calmer classrooms
Perspectives from Finland : towards new learning environments
The successful classroom : management strategies for regular and special education teachers
Expectations in the classroom
Learn for life : new architecture for new learning
Designs for learning : 55 exemplary educational facilities
Classroom of the future : orchestrating collaborative spaces
Pupil-related psychosocial factors, school setting, and teacher sick leave : a collaborative data study
Empowering science and mathematics education in urban schools
Proceedings of the first Nordic Conference of Voice Ergonomics and Treatment
Story as vehicle : teaching English to young children
Teacher Language and Student Learning enables teachers to observe their actions and ask, "Do I know how children perceive my behaviors?" It also helps them to understand reasons for children's responses to their words and actions. Teachers' behaviors are categorized in vignettes, and readers determine where they fit and what changes ought to be made for their teaching practices to be more effective.
"The book is a collection of Bamberger's papers from 1970 to 2010."
Physical facilities for education : what planners need to know
Texts and interaction : literacy practices in the EFL classroom
Conversational joking in the classroom
The design of learning spaces : future schools
Designs for learning
Evaluating online teaching : implementing best practices
Crash and learn : 600+ road-tested tips to keep audiences fired up and engaged!
Oppiva kampus : how to co-create campus?
"Tell me more" : listening to learners explain
The developmental management approach to classroom behaviour : responding to individual needs
School, Culture and Well-Being ArctiChildren Research and Development Findings from Northern Finland, Sweden and Norway, and North-West Russia
Classroom group behavior : group dynamics in education
Create a more effective system for evaluating online faculty Evaluating Online Teaching is the first comprehensive book to outline strategies for effectively measuring the quality of online teaching, providing the tools and guidance that faculty members and administrators need. The authors address challenges that colleges and universities face in creating effective online teacher evaluations, including organizational structure, institutional governance, faculty and administrator attitudes, and possible budget constraints. Through the integration of case studies and theory, the text provides practical solutions geared to address challenges and foster effective, efficient evaluations of online teaching. Readers gain access to rubrics, forms, and worksheets that they can customize to fit the needs of their unique institutions. Evaluation methods designed for face-to-face classrooms, from student surveys to administrative observations, are often applied to the online teaching environment, leaving reviewers and instructors with an ill-fitted and incomplete analysis. Evaluating Online Teaching shows how strategies for evaluating online teaching differ from those used in traditional classrooms and vary as a function of the nature, purpose, and focus of the evaluation. This book guides faculty members and administrators in crafting an evaluation process specifically suited to online teaching and learning, for more accurate feedback and better results. Readers will: Learn how to evaluate online teaching performance Examine best practices for student ratings of online teaching. Discover methods and tools for gathering informal feedback Understand the online teaching evaluation life cycle The book concludes with an examination of strategies for fostering change across campus, as well as structures for creating a climate of assessment that includes online teaching as a component. Evaluating Online Teaching helps institutions rethink the evaluation process for online teaching, with the end goal of improving teaching and learning, student success, and institutional results.
Humour in EFL classrooms : a comparative case study between elementary and secondary school lessons
Reorganizing primary classroom learning
Investigations into the instructional process. 8, On the problems of variable constructions from Flanders' interaction matrix with special emphasis on the stochastic nature of classroom communication
The audiovisual centre of the University of Art and Design reaches final planning stage
Investigations into the instructional process. 10, Report of the DPA Helsinki, phase one
Handbook of response to intervention : the science and practice of assessment and intervention
Classroom assessment scoring system (CLASS) : manual. K-3
The urban school : buildings for education in London 1870-1980
Classroom matters : research with children as entanglement
How do teachers listen to their pupils?
Transformation of knowledge through classroom interaction
Informed design of educational technologies in higher education : enhanced learning and teaching
Active learning spaces
The process of education
This book provides a wide-ranging and in-depth theoretical perspective on dialogue in teaching. It explores the philosophy of dialogism as a social theory of language and explains its importance in teaching and learning. Departing from the more traditional teacher-led mode of teacher-student communication, the dialogic approach is more egalitarian and focuses on the discourse exchange between the parties. Authors explore connections between dialogic pedagogy and sociocultural learning theory, and argue that dialogic interaction between teacher and learners is vital if instruction is to lead to cognitive development. The book also presents prosody as a critical resource for understanding between teachers and students, and includes some of the first empirical studies of speech prosody in classroom discourse.
They snooze, you lose : the educator's guide to successful presentations
Displacement ventilation in non-industrial premises
Dialogic pedagogy : the importance of dialogue in teaching and learning
Report of committee on school house planning
The importance of physical space in creating supportive learning environments
Teachers, language and learning
Facilitating classroom listening : a handbook for teachers of normal and hard of hearing students
Words matter : teacher language and student learning
Adapting to teaching and learning in open-plan schools
School, culture and well-being : ArctiChildren research and development findings from northern Finland, Sweden and Norway, and north-west Russia
Classroom discussion : strategies for engaging all students, building higher-level thinking skills, and strengthening reading and writing across the curriculum
School furniture
Children learning outside the classroom : from birth to eleven
In recent years many countries have built or renovated schools incorporating open plan design. These new spaces are advocated on the basis of claims that they promote fresh, productive ways to teach and learn that address the needs of students in this century, resulting in improved academic and well-being outcomes. These new approaches include teachers planning and teaching in teams, grouping students more flexibly, developing more coherent and comprehensive curricula, personalising student learning experiences, and providing closer teacher-student relationships. In this book we report on a three-year study of six low SES Years 7–10 secondary schools in regional Victoria, Australia, where staff and students adapted to these new settings. In researching this transitional phase, we focused on the practical reasoning of school leaders, teachers and students in adapting organisational, pedagogical, and curricular structures to enable sustainable new learning environments. We report on approaches across the different schools to structural organisation of students in year-level groupings, distributed leadership, teacher and pre-service teacher professional learning, student advocacy and wellbeing, use of techno-mediated learning, personalising student learning experiences, and curriculum design and enactment. We found that these new settings posed significant challenges for teachers and students and that successful adaptation depended on many interconnected factors. We draw out the implications for successful adaptation in other like settings.
Perspectives on instructional communication
Creating responsible learners : the role of a positive classroom environment
