http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21617 saving oneself
saving oneself
The technomancer : PS4
Survivors : Jewish self-help and rescue in Nazi-occupied Western Europe
Not forgetting the whale
Prepardeness now! : [an emergency survival guide]
The hermetic millennia
Doctor Sleep : a novel
Crushed! : explore forces and use science to survive
Volcano eruption : explore materials and use science to survive
The ship
This thesis investigates possibilities to design an improved product for self-rescue from fires to help to reduce the number of deaths caused by fire. The work was commissioned by a product design company "Meso" based in Glasgow, United Kingdom. The primary idea was to design a survival kit for offices. The first thing to study was what kind of product would meet the needs of the market. The project started by researching the available products on the market, fires and human behaviour in emergencies. The Internet, different articles and interviews were used as an information source. The definition of product design was created based on the research to pinpoint the limitations of the design process. The background investigation revealed a market gap for a small easy to use product of good quality. It also showed that the product does not require other accessories except carbon monoxide filter and goggles with a safety colour head strap. The product was designed into a foldable, compact and easy to use package. The design was carried out using sketch models and Computer Aided Design (CAD). The prototype was made using 3D printing technology. The future of the project would require more developing and testing of the prototype and further manufacturing and commercializing of the final product.
The human contribution : unsafe acts, accidents and heroic recoveries
Essentials of sea survival
True grit : the epic true stories of survival and heroism that have shaped my life
Alive : the story of the Andes survivors
An influential guide to maritime emergencies and the current strategies that can be employed to cope with the immediate after effects and ramifications of disaster at sea. Many mariners will at some point in their maritime careers become involved in one sort of emergency or another, while in port or at sea, whether it is a fire on board, a collision with another vessel or an engine failure threatening a lee shore. Actions to take in such incidents can be the difference between survival and catastrophic loss.This text provides a direct insight into some of the latest incidents and includes: cas
Plan-B - smoke mask for self-rescue from fires
The lifeboat
The grey - suden hetki
Miracle in the Andes
Action-packed thriller. Tom's in trouble - the dam has burst! Can he escape the thundering rush of water in time? Or will a mysterious moto and driver come to his rescue? Particularly suitable for struggling, reluctant and dyslexic readers aged 12+ / WorldCat.
The reef
Survivors : extraordinary tales from the wild and beyond
The grab bag book : your ultimate guide to liferaft survival
Peter in peril : courage and hope in World War Two
Children's exodus : a history of the Kindertransport
The sultan's wife
Marine emergencies : for masters and mates
The victims return : survivors of the Gulag after Stalin
