http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21683 learning theories
learning theories
The transformation of learning : advances in cultural-historical activity theory
Lifelong learning and the learning society. Volume 1, Towards a comprehensive theory of human learning
Educational theories, cultures, and learning : a critical perspective
Learning theories : an educational perspective
The adult learner : the definitive classic in adult education and human resource development
The handbook of transformative learning : theory, research, and practice
Learning and memory : a comprehensive reference. Vol. 1, Learning theory and behavior
Theories in second language acquisition : an introduction
Psychology of learning for instruction
The Wiley Handbook on the Cognitive Neuroscience of Learning charts the evolution of associative analysis and the neuroscientific study of behavior as parallel approaches to understanding how the brain learns that both challenge and inform each other. Covers a broad range of topics while maintaining an overarching integrative approach. Includes contributions from leading authorities in the fields of cognitive neuroscience, associative learning, and behavioral psychology. Extends beyond the psychological study of learning to incorporate coverage of the latest developments in neuroscientific research.
Constructivist instruction : success or failure?
How we learn : learning and non-learning in school and beyond
Deep learning : how the mind overrides experience
What older people learn : the whys and wherefores of older people learning
University teaching in focus : a learning-centred approach
Teaching engineering
Learning and teaching on a scientific basis : methodological and epistemological aspects of the activity theory of learning and teaching
Learning journals : a handbook for reflective practice and professional development
Theories of learning. Volume 1-4
A replication study in teaching foreign language grammar to adults
Psychology for the classroom : behaviourism
Learning by expanding : an activity-theoretical approach to developmental research
Recovering informal learning : wisdom, judgement and community
Child language : the parametric approach
When teaching becomes learning : a theory and practice of teaching
A music learning theory for newborn and young children
Chaos in the classroom : a new theory of teaching and learning
Essentials of patient education
Ways of learning : learning theories and learning styles in the classroom
Handbook of contemporary learning theories
Developing adult learners : strategies for teachers and trainers
The art of educating with V diagrams
Learning, teaching, and education research in the 21st century : an evolutionary analysis of the role of teachers
The impact of Finno-Ugric languages in second language research : looking back and setting goals
Learning in Depth : a simple innovation that can transform schooling
"Although the ability to retain, process, and project prior experience onto future situations is indispensable, the human mind also possesses the ability to override experience and adapt to changing circumstances. Cognitive scientist Stellan Ohlsson analyzes three types of deep, non-monotonic cognitive change: creative insight, adaptation of cognitive skills by learning from errors, and conversion from one belief to another, incompatible belief. For each topic, Ohlsson summarizes past research, re-formulates the relevant research questions, and proposes information-processing mechanisms that answer those questions. The three theories are based on the principles of redistribution of activation, specialization of practical knowledge, and re-subsumption of declarative information. Ohlsson develops the implications of those mechanisms by scaling their consequences with respect to time, complexity and social interaction. The book ends with a unified theory of non-monotonic cognitive change that captures the abstract properties that the three types of change share"--
The book of learning and forgetting
Constructivist learning design : key questions for teaching to standards
Learning : principles and applications
Teaching, learning and education in late modernity : the selected works of Peter Jarvis
Designing environments for constructive learning
Narrative learning
The science of learning
Theories of learning
Facilitate effect of a conceptual meta-model on a young blind learner's reading comprehension
Learning theory and personality dynamics : selected papers
Contemporary theories of learning : learning theorists ... in their own words
Learning theory and online technologies
Learning theories : A to Z
The Handbook of Transformative Learning provides a comprehensive and critical review of more than three decades of theory development, research, and practice in Transformative Learning (TL). It will help adult educators understand what transformative learning is, distinguish it from other forms of learning, and foster it in their practice. The book covers five broad areas: historical, theoretical, practical, research, and future perspective. It is comprehensive, interdisciplinary, critical, reflective, and accessible to a wide audience of interested scholars, students, and practitioners. Co-edited by leading experts in the field with an advisory group of prominent authorities, this handbook is the leading resource for the field.
Teaching, learning, and research in higher education : a critical approach
Effect of a blended learning course in airway management versus traditional delivery
Fundamentals of Physics : Mechanics, Relativity, and Thermodynamics
Effective group work with young people
"Learning Theory and Online Technology offers a powerful overview of the current state of e-learning, a foundation of its historical roots and growth, and a framework for distinguishing among the major approaches to e-learning. It effectively addresses pedagogy (how to design an effective online environment for learning), evaluation (how to know that students are learning), and history (how past research can guide successful online teaching and learning outcomes). An ideal textbook for Educational Technology Masters, PhD, and Certificate programs, readers will find Learning Theory and Online Technology provides a synthesis of the key advances in e-learning theory, the key frameworks of research, and clearly links theory and research to successful learning practice".
Designing for learning : six elements in constructivist classrooms
Varietes of constructivism in education. Where do we stand?
Theories of learning and studies of instructional practice (explorations in the learning sciences, instructional systems 1)
Navigating change : nexus-analytic explorations in the field of foreign language education
Teaching tips : strategies, research, and theory for college and university teachers
Profiles of second language learners in bilingual education : a comparative study of the characteristics of Finnish and American students
The roots of variation of English-teaching : a phenomenographic study founded on an alternative basic assumption
Cognitive load theory
Education on the edge of possibility
Learning in logistics simulation games based on constructivist learning theory
Educational psychology reader : The art and science of how people learn
Learning at the back door : reflections on non-traditional learning in the lifespan
Teaching online : a guide to theory, research, and practice
The Wiley handbook on the cognitive neuroscience of learning
Integrating virtual and traditional learning in 6-12 classrooms : a layered literacies approach to multimodal meaning making
Foundations of educational technology : integrative approaches and interdisciplinary perspectives
Introduction to theories of learning
"Subject Areas/Keywords: behaviorism, cognitive processing, constructivism, educational psychology, literacy development, literacy instruction, models, reading, research methods, social learning, teaching, theories, theorists, theory. Description: This widely adopted text explores key theories and models that frame reading instruction and research. Readers learn why theory matters in designing and implementing high-quality instruction and research; how to critically evaluate the assumptions and beliefs that guide their own work; and what can be gained by looking at reading through multiple theoretical lenses. For each theoretical model, classroom applications are brought to life with engaging vignettes and teacher reflections. Research applications are discussed and illustrated with descriptions of exemplary studies"--
The adult learner : a neglected species
An introduction to theories of learning
"The book is a collection of Bamberger's papers from 1970 to 2010."
Adult education and lifelong learning : theory and practice
Teaching complex cognitive skills : the effects of part-task and whole-task instructional approaches on acquisition and transfer of a complex cognitive skill
Deals with the fundamental issues of the processes of learning, critically assessing different types of learning and obstacles to learning. This book provides a comprehensive introduction to both traditional learning theory and the international research into learning processes.
Building learning power : helping young people become better learners
Foreign language learning - in the light of questionnaire
Igniting student potential : teaching with the brain's natural learning process
Learning theories simplified : ... and how to apply them to teaching
"This edited volume brings together the most prolific researchers from around the world who study various aspects of cognitive load to discuss its current theoretical as well as practical issues"--Provided by publisher.
Discovering the musical mind : a view of creativity as learning
Classification and cognition
Didactic organization of teaching and learning processes : a textbook for schools and adult education
Lenses on reading : an introduction to theories and models
Reliable reasoning : induction and statistical learning theory
Transformative learning and identity
"First published in 1987, Learning by Expanding challenges traditional theories that consider learning a process of acquisition and reorganization of cognitive structures within the closed boundaries of specific tasks or problems. Yrjö Engeström argues that this type of learning increasingly fails to meet the challenges of complex social change and fails to create novel artifacts and ways of life. In response, he presents an innovative theory of expansive learning activity, offering a foundation for understanding and designing learning as a transformation of human activities and organizations. The second edition of this seminal text features a substantive new introduction that illustrates the development and implementation of Engeström's theory since its inception"--
The instructional design knowledge base : theory, research, and practice
Sociocultural psychology : theory and practice of doing and knowing
How do you tailor education to the learning needs of adults? Do they learn differently from children? How does their life experience inform their learning processes? These were the questions at the heart of Malcolm Knowles' pioneering theory of andragogy which transformed education theory in the 1970s. The resulting principles of a self-directed, experiential, problem-centred approach to learning have been hugely influential and are still the basis of the learning practices we use today. Understanding these principles is the cornerstone of increasing motivation and enabling adult learners to achieve. This update of a pioneering classic contains all Knowles' original chapters alongside a newer second part by Elwood Ed Holton and Richard A Swanson charting the advancements on these core principles. A third section includes selected readings from previous editions to illustrate the theory's evolution, as well as important articles from other key experts around the world for a comprehensive view. This new edition includes: * New chapter outlines, learning objectives and careful edits of Malcolm Knowles' work to simplify the original theory * Updates to the second part to reflect the very latest advancements in the field * Revisions throughout to make it more readable and relevant to your practices.
Teaching and learning and the curriculum : a critical introduction
The Routledge international handbook of learning
Learning and teaching in adult education : contemporary theories
The handbook of educational theories
Learning theory and classroom practice in the lifelong learning sector
Perspectives on learning
Theories of mathematics education : seeking new frontiers
Beyond learning by doing : theoretical currents in experiential education
Psychology of learning and motivation : advances in research and theory. Vol. 49
Theoretical foundations of learning environments
"Cognitive load theory (CLT) is one of the most important theories in educational psychology, a highly effective guide for the design of multimedia and other learning materials. This edited volume brings together the most prolific researchers from around the world who study various aspects of cognitive load to discuss its current theoretical as well as practical issues. The book is divided into three parts. The first part describes the theoretical foundations and assumptions of CLT, the second discusses the empirical findings about the application of CLT to the design of learning environments, and the third part concludes the book with discussions and suggestions for new directions for future research. It aims to become the standard handbook in CLT for researchers and graduate students in psychology, education, and educational technology"--Provided by publisher.
Playing (with) educational games : first and second order gaming
Learning mathematics ; constructivist and interactionist theories of mathematical development
Learning and expanding with activity theory
Playing to learn : the role of play in the early years
Learning and memory : a comprehensive refeence. Vol. 2, Cognitive psychology of memory
Approaches to learning : a guide for teachers
Engaging minds : changing teaching in complex times
A conception of teaching
