http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21607 language tests
language tests
Ready for FCE : class CDs
Open road. Course 1, Tests
Current developments and alternatives in language assessment : proceedings of LTRC 96
'New Insight into IELTS' offers comprehensive preparation and practice for IELTS. By exploring the test paper by paper, and looking in detail at each task type, the course gradually builds up the skills, language and test techniques students need to approach IELTS with confidence.
Statistics : vocabulary and symbols. Part 3, Design of experiments
LearningExpress®'s GRE® test success in only 5 steps!
A study of Chinese EFL students' language learning strategy and its correlation with students' performance in International English Language Testing System
Improve your IELTS : reading skills
First national assessment of teaching in the comprehensive school 1979 : English as a foreign language, grade 9 = Peruskoulun englannin kielen opetuksen tilannekartoitus 1979. Part = Osa 1, Data on vocabulary test items = Yhdeksännen kouluvuoden sanastokokeen osiokohtaiset tulokset
Summary.
Friends ; My own book. Tests
Language test construction and evaluation
Understanding Language Testing presents an introduction to language tests and the process of test development that starts at the very beginning. Assuming no knowledge of the field, the book promotes a practical understanding of language testing using examples from a variety of languages. While grounded on solid theoretical principles, the book focuses on fostering a true understanding of the various uses of language tests and the process of test development, scoring test performance, analyzing and interpreting test results, and above all, using tests as ethically and fairly as possible so that test takers are given every opportunity to do their best, to learn as much as possible, and feel positive about their language learning. Each chapter includes a summary, suggestions for further reading, and exercises. As such this is the ideal book for both beginning students of linguistics and language education, or anyone in a related discipline looking for a first introduction to language testing.
Achieve IELTS. 2 : English for international education
Columbia Common Sentence Structure Mistakes at IELTSTM
Pass key to the TOEFL
New deal. 3, Kokeet : courses 6-8
Barron's TOEFL iBT : Internet-based test
Tuloksia eräissä toisen asteen oppilaitoksissa lukuvuonna 1972-1973 pidetyistä äidinkielen kokeista = Results of tests given in mother tonque in some secondary schools during school year 1972-1973
How to master the IELTS : over 400 practice questions for all parts of the International English Language Testing System
Practice and problems in language testing 8
Recognition and student perceptions of non-formal and informal learning of English for specific purposes in a university context
IELTS Trainer : six practice tests with answers
Discourses on language and integration : critical perspectives on language testing regimes in Europe
New GRE® verbal workbook : graduate record examination
The Routledge handbook of language testing
Vocabulary puzzles :  the fun way to ace standardized tests
In response to a growing need expressed by the users of the CEFR, the Language Policy Division developed a manual and a set of accompanying tools to be used to assist in linking local language examinations to the common reference levels of language proficiency. This publication seeks to complement these tools by providing a user-friendly introduction to the process, targeting professionals with a stake in quality language testing who are not necessarily experts in testing and assessment. Relating an examination or test to the CEFR can best be seen as a process of building an argument. The publication presents five inter-related sets of procedures that users are advised to follow in order to design a linking scheme in terms of self-contained, manageable activities.
Prepares pupils for the Academic IELTS Writing paper. This book is full of exercises and examples to help develop key Writing skills. It includes tips that support students on how to approach the Writing tasks, and MPO for further practice online.
Cambridge English Proficiency masterclass : student's book with online skills & language practice : for the 2013 exam
The framework of the Finnish national foreign language certificate
This title considers why summative assessment in English is difficult and explores viewing it as an arts subject rather than one which is quantifiable and assessable objectively. "Testing English" considers why English is such a difficult subject to assess summatively and takes the view that English is an arts subject rather than one which is quantifiable and assessable objectively. Bethan Marshall examines the nature of the subject, the battlegrounds of examinations over the last 100 years and considers some of the solutions that have been put in place to overcome the problem both in the UK and abroad. "Testing English" looks at the way English lends itself to formative assessment in that it actively encourages dialogue with the pupils in the absence of 'right answers'. It explores the complex relationship between formative and summative assessment and considers the relationship in the light of the introduction of Assessing Pupil's Progress (APP). It is an essential reading for postgraduate students and researchers looking at the complexities involved in assessing English.
Cambridge preparation for the TOEFL test
Success in entrance examination vs. success in studies : a case study on English translation studies
Barron's outsmart the TOEFL : test strategies and tips
400 must-have words for the TOEFL
Manual for relating Language Examinations to the Common European Framework of Reference for Languages (CEFR)
This book will help you achieve the score you want on the TOEFL. It includes winning strategies and test-taking advice that apply to both the iBT and the ITP versions of the test, a comprehensive overview and explanation of the test's scoring, links to study material online, and written audioscripts for the material on the included CDs.
Barron's GRE® verbal workbook
Relating language examinations to the Common European Framework of Reference for languages : learning, teaching, assessment (CEFR) : highlights from the manual
Practice exercises for the TOEFL
Testing communicative performance : an interim study
Testing English : formative and summative approaches to English assessment
Check Your English Vocabulary for TOEFL : Essential Words and Phrases to Help You Maximize Your TOEFL Score
Testing English as a second language
The official Cambridge guide to IELTS for academic & general training. Student's book with answers
TOEFL iBT with CD-ROM
Adventures my own book. Tests
Becoming British : UK citizenship examinated
Learning oriented assessment : a systemic approach
@*Designed for all advanced students. Fully updated in line with the enw CPE exam, this New Edition provides thorough coverage of the structures and vocabulary essential for CAE and CPE exam success. @*Detailed grammar content. Clear presentation, an index of structures and a wealth of examples based on the Longman Corpus. @*Special focus on vocabulary. Revised vocabulary sections based on user feedback concentrate on words and phrases that are useful in all papers of the exams. @*Lots of opportunity to practise. A wide variety of exercises provide graded practice to confirm understanding and prepare for the CAE and proficiency exams, particularly Paper 3. @*Continuous testing in exam format. A diagnostic test for each unit and exam practice sections to check progress. @*A flexible approach. Can be used in many different ways; clear cross-references point you in the direction of related grammar or vocabulary areas..
The complexity of test washback : an empirical study
A collection of exercises : englannin kielen pro exercitio -harjoituksia
Academic skills : IELTS sudy skills edition. Level 1, Student's book
The Official guide to the TOEFL test
A collection of exercises : englannin kielen pro exercitio harjoituksia
Cognitive and linguistic analyses of test performance
The framework of the Finnish National Certificates of Language Proficiency 2011 : order 24/011/2011
Second language writing : research insights for the classroom
Usability of the testing criteria for English proficiency in competence tests : assessor perceptions
The problem of equivalence in translating texts in international reading literacy studies : a text analytic study of three English and Finnish texts used in the PISA 2000 reading texts
Inter-university student selection for English 1974 : a joint entrance test project of the universities of Joensuu, Jyväskylä and Turku
New insight into IELTS. Student's book with answers
Understanding language testing
F in spelling : the funniest test paper blunders
Cracking the TOEFL iBT
How to pass section tests
Grammar for CAE and proficiency with answers : self-study grammar reference and practice
The official guide to the TOEFL test
Writing for IELTS with answer key : 6.0-7.5
Questionnaires in second language research : construction, administration, and processing
Cambridge Certificate in Advanced English. 3 : for updated exam : student's book with answers
Complete IELTS : student's book with answers. Bands 6.5-7.5
Perceived foreign language anxiety and test anxiety among Finnish ninth graders
Improve your skills : writing for IELTS 4.5-6.0 : with answer key
Common mistakes at CAE : ... and how to avoid them
Grammar and vocabulary for Cambridge advanced and proficiency
Cambridge vocabulary for IELTS advanced with answers : self-study vocabulary practice
This volume outlines the general principles of Learning Oriented Assessment (LOA), placing it in the context of European language learning policy. The authors pose three key questions central to LOA: 'What is learning?' , 'What is to be learned?' and 'What is to be assessed?'. It focuses on the use of evidence, and how it can be collected and used to feed back into learning, overviews large-scale assessment as practised by Cambridge English and learning-oriented classroom assessment practices, and concludes with a look at implementing LOA in practice.
Language testing : new openings
Prepares pupils for the Academic IELTS Writing paper. This book is full of exercises and examples to help develop key Writing skills. It includes useful tips that support students on how to approach the Writing tasks and build their confidence to ensure success in the exam. It is a 'With Key' version.
Now they're talking : testing oral proficiency in a language laboratory
Barron's IELTS practice exams with audio CDs
Now they're talking: testing oral proficiency in a language laboratory
Official IELTS practice materials. 2.
Test anxiety, coping, gender and academic performance in English exams : a study of Finnish upper secondary school students
Achieve IELTS. 1 : English for international education
Reports on university student selection for language subjects 1975
Official IELTS practice materials
How to teach for exams
Planning and task performance in a second language
