http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21680 export prices
export prices
The effects of economic policies on African agriculture
The effect of relative price variations on the sawnwood imports to the United Kingdom from Finland
Driving forces in global rice price
Staying afloat in exchange rate turbulence : essays on pricing exports in a floating rate world
No analysis of the Russian economy today can ignore the role of energy production. Russia is the world's largest producer of crude oil and natural gas, the world's third largest consumer of energy and a global giant in hydrocarbon exports. But just how big is the actual contribution of oil and gas production to national economic output? Who is discovering, pumping and shipping Russia's oil? What is the energy sector's role in government revenue and Russia's external balance? This issue of BOFIT Online comprises nine short articles with timely insights into the challenges facing Russia's energy sector.  Key words: Russia, energy, natural gas, oil, state economy, electricity production .
International marketing and export management
Production, prices, employment, and trade in northwest forest industries : fourth quarter 1997
The influence of product and price policy on the export strategy’s choice : a case study of two Italian companies in the U.S. market
Managing the pricing of integrated solutions in export partnerships
A Dynamic forecasting model for the Finnish pulp export price
Global marketing : foreign entry, local marketing and global marketing
Deepening integration in the food industry : prices, productivity and export
Price strategy in the EU : suggestions to Chinese exporters in the light of anti-dumping
Intraindustry trade, competitiveness, and price rigidities in the Finnish manufacturing industries
The EU sugar regime and forthcoming WTO obligations
International export pricing decisions : managerial quidelines for SMEs
Export price and exchange rate effects in roundwood markets of Finland, Sweden and Austria
Perspectives on Russia's energy sector
The oil curse : how petroleum wealth shapes the development of nations
Price adjustment for Finnish and Swedish papers under fixed and floating exchange rate regimes
Brewing justice : fair trade coffee, sustainability, and survival
International marketing
Energiatilastot 2002 = Energistatistik = Energy statistics
Russia's oil and natural gas : bonanza or curse?
Effects of the Finnish-Russian timber tariff : views of Finnish companies
On price adjustment in the sawlog and sawnwood export markets of the Finnish sawmill industry
Stolen fruit : the tropical commodities disaster
Labour productivity growth and industry structure : the impact of industry structure on productivity growth, export prices and labour compensation
Energiatilasto : vuosikirja 2006 : energy statistics : yearbook 2006.
Dynamic models of the roundwood market in Finland
Analysis of the European market for organic food
Exchange rate changes and the Finnish sawnwood demand and price in the UK market
Summary.
Pricing-to-market in Swedish exports
Imperfect competition and export demand
Marketing : the basics
Possibilities of Finnish agriculture adjusting to more liberal foreign trade
On the price elasticity of the supply of sawnwood for export
Essays on environmental policy and strategic behavior in international trade
Producer price indices
Finnish forest industry production and exports in 2003 : signs of global economic recovery but markets still difficult
Energiatilasto : vuosikirja 2010 = Energy statistics : yearbook 2010.
Energiatilasto 2003 : energy statistics
Abstract (s. 3).
Elements of agricultural trade policies
