http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21640 time policy
time policy
Monarchs throughout the ages have commissioned official histories that cast their reigns in a favorable light for future generations. These accounts, sanctioned and supported by the ruling government, often gloss over the more controversial aspects of a king's or queen's time on the throne. Instead, they present highly selective and positive readings of a monarch's contribution to national identity and global affairs. In "Clio and the Crown", Richard L. Kagan examines the official histories of Spanish monarchs from medieval times to the middle of the 18th century. He expertly guides readers through the different kinds of official histories commissioned: those whose primary focus was the monarch; those that centered on the Spanish kingdom as a whole; and those that celebrated Spain's conquest of the New World. In doing so, Kagan also documents the life and work of individual court chroniclers, examines changes in the practice of official history, and highlights the political machinations that influenced the redaction of such histories. Just as world leaders today rely on fast-tailing press officers to explain their sometimes questionable actions to the public, so too did the kings and queens of medieval and early modern Spain. Monarchs often went to great lengths to exact complete control over the official history of their reign, physically intimidating historians, destroying and seizing manuscripts and books, rewriting past histories, and restricting history writing to authorized writers. Still, the larger practice of history writing - as conducted by non royalist historians, various scholars and writers, and even church historians - provided a corrective to official histories. Kagan concludes that despite its blemishes, the writing of official histories contributed, however imperfectly, to the practice of historiography itself.
The Vasa dynasty and the Baltic region : politics, religion and culture 1560-1660 : a symposium at Kalmar Castle, February 4-6 2000
The political thought of William of Ockham : personal and institutional principles
Employment policy and the regulation of part-time work in the European union : a comparative analysis
A history of political theories. Ancient and mediæval
Negotiating space : power, restraint, and privileges of immunity in early medieval Europe
Politics in time : history, institutions, and social analysis
The philosophy of Agamben
The labyrinth of politics : a conceptual approach to the modes of the political in the Scottish enlightenment
Linking retirement age to life expectancy : what happens to working lives and income distribution
The leopards of Normandy. [1], Devil
A letter to the Friars Minor and other writings
Finnish yearbook of political thought. 2001, vol. 5.
Setting the people free : the story of democracy
Popular sovereignty in historical perspective
Estimating economic values for nature : methods for non-market valuation
The political thought of King Alfred the Great
The last days of Newgate
Defamilialisation Policies and Attitudes and Behaviour Among Mothers in Twelve European Countries. Do results for Denmark, Finland and Sweden differ from the others?
Working time in the EU and other global economies
Kingship and consent in Anglo-Saxon England, 871-978 : assemblies and the state in the early Middle Ages
Three spirals of power/knowledge : scientific laboratories, environmental panopticons and emerging biopolitics
The languages of political society : Western Europe, 14th-17th centuries
History of political ideas. Vol. 2, The middle ages to Aquinas
The King's two bodies : a study in mediaeval political theology
Japanese part-time farming : evolution and impacts
Part-time farming : Austria, France, Belgium, Canada, Finland, Ireland, Italy, Netherlands, New Zealand, Switzerland
A new generation draws the line : "humanitarian" intervention and the standards of the West
The saints' lives of Jocelin of Furness : hagiography, patronage and ecclesiastical politics
Politics and leisure
Towards intelligent and sustainable transport 2025
Treasure of the land of darkness : the fur trade and its significance for medieval Russia
The first collaborative volume to explore popular sovereignty, a pivotal concept in the history of political thought. This collaborative volume offers the first historical reconstruction of the concept of popular sovereignty from antiquity to the twentieth century. First formulated between the late sixteenth and mid-seventeenth centuries, the various early modern conceptions of the doctrine were heavily indebted to Roman reflection on forms of government and Athenian ideas of popular power. This study, edited by Richard Bourke and Quentin Skinner, traces successive transformations of the doctrine, rather than narrating a linear development. It examines critical moments in the career of popular sovereignty, spanning antiquity, medieval Europe, the early modern wars of religion, the revolutions of the eighteenth century and their aftermath, decolonisation and mass democracy. Featuring original work by an international team of scholars, the book offers a reconsideration of one of the formative principles of contemporary politics by exploring its descent from classical city-states to the advent of the modern state.
The politics of leisure policy
The dynamics of medieval Iceland : political economy & literature
Citizens to lords : a social history of Western political thought from antiquity to the Middle Ages
Pictorial Victorians : the inscription of values in word and image
Chaucerian polity : absolutist lineages and associational forms in England and Italy
Radical Islam : medieval theology and modern politics
The new Russia : transition gone awry
Political thought and the realities of power in the Middle Ages = Politisches Denken und die Wirklichkeit der Macht im Mittelalter
Reconciling work and family responsibilities : practical ideas from global experience
Momus is the most ambitious literary creation of Leon Battista Alberti, the famous humanist-scientist-artist and "universal man" of the Italian Renaissance. In this dark comedy, written around 1450, Alberti charts the lively fortunes of his anti-hero Momus, the unscrupulous and vitriolic god of criticism. Alberti deploys his singular erudition and wit to satirize subjects from court life and politics to philosophy and intellectuals, from grand architectural designs to human and divine folly. The possible contemporary resonance of Alberti's satire--read variously as a humanist roman-à-clef and as a veiled mockery of the mid-Quattrocento papacy--is among its most intriguing aspects. While his more famous books on architecture, painting, and family life have long been regarded as indispensable to a study of Renaissance culture, Momus has recently attracted increasing attention from scholars as a work anticipating the realism of Machiavelli and the satiric wit of Erasmus. This edition provides a new Latin text, the first to be based on the two earliest manuscripts, both corrected by Alberti himself, and includes the first full translation into English.
Jocelin of Furness (fl.1175x1214), the Cistercian hagiographer, composed four substantial and significant saints' lives; varying widely in both subject and patron, they offer a rich corpus of medieval hagiographical writing. Jocelin's Vita S. Patricii and Vita S. Kentegerni provide updated versions of each saint's legend and are carefully adapted to reflect the interests of their respective patrons in Ireland and Scotland. The Vita S. Helenae was probably commissioned by a female community in England; it represents an idealized narrative mirror of its early thirteenth-century context. In contrast, the Vita S. Waldevi was written to promote the formal canonization of a new saint, Waltheof (d.1159), abbot of the Cistercian house of Melrose in the Scottish borders. This is the first full-length study of the Lives. It combines detailed analyses of the composition of the texts with study of their patronage, audiences, and contemporary contexts; and it provides new insights into Jocelin's works and the writing of hagiography in the period.
Changes in the US healthcare landscape: from quantity to quality
Politics and time : documenting the event
Princely brothers and sisters : the sibling bond in German politics, 1100-1250
Preaching and political society : from Late Antiquity to the end of the Middle Ages = depuis l'Antiquité tardive jusqu'à la fin du Moyen Âge
Art and its institutions : current conflicts critique and collaborations
The Wage Curve : Evidence from the Finnish Metal Industry
Perspectives on Cote d'Ivoire : between political breakdown and post-conflict peace
Intuitu fidelis servitii sui : Diplomatics and literacy, gender and politics in the medieval Low Countries. Selected essays
The ancient Korean kingdom of Silla : political developments and religious ideology
Children, families, and states : time policies of childcare, preschool, and primary education in Europe
Great powers and the quest for hegemony : the world order since 1500
Politics, poetry, and sufism in medieval Iran
Victorian political thought
Oxford review of economic policy : spring 1992 : macroeconomics of transition in Eastern Europe
Leisure, sport and working-class cultures : theory and history
Medieval political thought
Universities in the flux of time : an exploration of time and temporality in university life
Eclipse of empire? : perceptions of the western empire and its rulers in late-medieval France
Finnish yearbook of political thought. 2003, vol. 7.
Speaking of love : a study of the use of love in the politics of Elizabeth I
Politics and power in early medieval Europe : Alsace and the Frankish Realm, 600-1000
The Roman Republic in the political argument of Ptolemy of Lucca (Tolomeo Fiadoni)
Timespace : geographies of temporality
Political obligation in ancient Greece and in the Modern World
Iconography, propaganda, and legitimation
Russification in the Baltic provinces and Finland, 1855-1914
Second violin
Brave modern world : the prospects for survival
Finnish yearbook of political thought. 2000, vol. 4.
History of political ideas. Vol. 3, The later middle ages
Time-series econometrics applied to macroeconomic issues
Leisure and urban processes : critical studies of leisure policy in Western European cities
Policraticus : of the frivolities of courtiers and the footprints of philosophers
Time and world politics : thinking the present
The curious enlightenment of professor Caritat : a comedy of ideas
Oresme's Livre de politiques and the France of Charles V
Clio & the crown : the politics of history in medieval and early modern Spain
Changing labour markets in Europe : the role of institutions and policies
Creating the florentine state : peasants and rebellion, 1348-1434
The Cambridge history of medieval political thought c. 350- c.1450
"Higher education and the institution of the university exist in time, their essential nature now continually subject to change; change in students, in knowledge, in structure and in their own communities and those service. The nature of time in all the contemporary work on the university has been largely overlooked. This is an important omission and Universities in the Flux of Time has gathered leading academics whose contributions to the volume raise a debate as to the influence and use of time in the university. They do this in an exploration of how these changes are perceived in higher education and how these affect its temporality from local, national and global perspectives. The book opens new spaces for the development of the university and civic society. The book develops an interdisciplinary understanding of the temporal issues of engaging with the past, present and future of higher education and its institutions, through consideration of the increased speed demanded for the production of able students and innovative research, to the accountability pressures from central governments and commerce. Reflecting on these issues in the higher education sector, Universities in the Flux of Time is split into three parts, with each one addressing time and its multiple relationships with the university: - Past, Present and Future - Knowledge and Time - Living with Time This volume will provide essential reading for those on Higher Education Studies courses as well as a wider audience of managers, practitioners, policy makers, academics and students and from many disciplinary perspectives including sociology, organisation studies, social psychology and the philosophy of education"--
The alchemy of stone
Diverse family leave and day care policies create varying monetary incentives for mothers to stay at home with their children. They also affect attitudes of mothers and this should influence childcare decisions. In this study, attitudes of mothers towards cutting down on paid work for the sake of family as well as their behaviour regarding childcare at home were studied in 12 European countries. Of special interest were Denmark, Finland and Sweden, three Nordic countries with a long tradition of childcare policies supporting mothers' work participation. The data is based on the European Social Survey (ESS) Round 2, conducted in 2004 and 2005. The least familialistic attitudes were found in Sweden, Denmark and Finland. A coarse indicator for the effectiveness of childcare policy was devised and indicated that attitudes correlated with the policies in several countries. No correspondence was found between attitudes and average times spent with children at home. Regarding the Nordic countries (particularly Sweden and Finland), the contradictions observed were consistent with childcare policies that affect short- and long-term behaviour in opposite directions. In Finland, a familialistic attitude was relatively common among mothers whose youngest child was under 1-year-old.
Entertainment, arts and cultural services
Full employment : a European appeal
Medieval political philosophy : a sourcebook
A history of medieval political thought, 300-1450
De Bono Communi : the discourse and practice of the Common Good in the European city (13th-16th c.) = discours et practiques du Bien Commun dans les villes d'Europe (XIIIe au XVIe siècle)
Price convergence within the EU : the case of the new member countries Austria, Finland and Sweden
Essays on higher moments in macroeconomics and finance
Nonlinear dynamics of speculative attacks on the Finnish markka, 1987-1992
