http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2169 men's choirs
men's choirs
Disco classics. Volume 1 : SA Men and piano
The State Academic Male Choir of Estonian SSR
Aura Lee : for four-part chorus of men's voices a cappella
Home, sweet home : for four-part chorus of men's voices a cappella
Sacred music
Simple gifts : (Shaker song)
Book of life : Complete songs for male voice choir = Mieskuorolaulut
Elämän kirja = A book of life : op. 66.
Love lives on
Out of this world : from Thomas Tallis to Bill Evans : a Chanticleer portrait
American masters 2
Dies irae : for soprano and bass soli, male chorus and orchestra
Wait for the wagon : for four-part chorus of men's voices with solo tenor
Happy together
Orthodox shrines of the Russian north : Anthology the Solovki Monastery : Part II
Hary Janos : Singspiel in four adventures, a prologue and an epilogue, op. 15
Hear my words : Choral classics from St John's
Elämän kirja = Ein Lebensbuch = A Book of Life = Un Livre de la vie = Livets bok : Op. 66
Love's old sweet song : for four-part chorus of men's voices with solo tenor
Panis angelicus : favourite motets from Westminster Cathedral
TOTAL BALALAIKA SHOW / HELSINKI CONCERT
A survivor from Warsaw for Narrator, Men's Chorus and Orchestra : op. 46
Colors of love : Choral music by Tavener, Thomas, and others
Carnival song : for men's chorus and brass instruments
Joy to the world
The Gentlemen of the Chapel Royal
Diamonds
Amahl and the night visitors
Christmas carols from St Paul's Cathedral
When you and I were young, Maggie : for four-part chorus of men's voices with solo baritone
Steal away : negro spiritual
Li'l Liza Jane : for four-part chorus of men's voices with solo tenor : American folk song
Good night, ladies : for four-part chorus of men's voices with solo baritone
Zulu worker choirs
Living toys
Orthodox shrines of the Russian north : Anthology the Tikhvin Monastery
10th anniversary concert
Oi Herra, armos mulle suo = O Lord, have mercy on my soul : A solo + TTBB
Carmen de Sole : contemprorary works for male voices
Huutajat = Screaming men : a film
Announcements : (version 2011)
Notturno innamorato : for male chor
Stars of the summer night : for four-part chorus of men's voices a cappella
Best of Chanticleer
In love
Christmas music
Who built de ark?
Huutajat = Screaming Men
Complete works for male choir : Meeskoorilaulud
Follow the star
The Red Army Ensemble
Christmas carols from St. John's
Corau'n canu gwerin : Welsh choirs sing folk
Total balalaika show : Helsinki concert
The Cloud Messenger, H111
Reflections : an anniversary celebration
Seeing Nellie home : for four-part chorus of men's voices a cappella
Live in Paris
If I got my ticket, can I ride? : Negro spiritual : for full chorus of mixed voices and solo tenor a cappella
The call : more choral classics from St John's
Warner Bros. collection
We build
Orthodox shrines of the Russian north : Anthology the Solovki Monastery : Part I
Mieskuorolaulut : Sånger för manskör = Songs for Male Voice Choir = Lieder für Männerchor. 2
If I got my ticket, can I ride? : Negro spiritual : for three-part chorus of men's voices with tenor solo a cappella
Four New Zealand Maori songs
Mieskuorolaulut = songs for male voice choir = Sångerna för manskör
New Yorgi eesti meeskoor = New York estonian male chorus
A Ceremony of carols
Sea Shanties
Do-don't touch-a my garment : Negro spiritual : for four-part chorus of men's voices and solo baritone a cappella
Carmen de Sole : contemporary works for male voices
Quartetts and choruses for men's voices : sacred and social selections
"Onward, ye peoples!" : for chorus of men's voices
Music from the reign of King James I
His name so sweet : negro spiritual
Twentieth century british choral music
Total balalaikka show : Helsinki concert
