http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21650 lease
lease leasehold
The Code Napoleon, or, The French Civil Code
On the social dimension in posting of workers : reasoning on posted workers directive, wage liability, minimum wages and right to industrial action
Textbook on land law
Rentcharges in registered conveyancing
Modern studies in property law. Volume 2, Property 2002
The revival of private law in Central and Eastern Europe : essays in honor of F.J.M. Feldbrugge
Property law and the public interest : cases and materials
Modern studies in property law. Volume 4
Law and economics : an introductory analysis
Access to finnish law
Establishing and doing business in Finland
Land law
Transactions in real property in Germany
Elements of land law
Law and justice in Tokugawa Japan : materials for the history of Japanese law and justice under the Tokugawa shogunate 1603-1867. 6-B, Property : legal precedents
Law and justice in Tokugawa Japan : materials for the history of Japanese law and justice under the Tokugawa shogunate 1603-1867. 6-A, Property : legal precedents
Land, mobility, and belonging in West Africa
Discrimination in housing
International conflicts of labour law : a survey of the law applicable to the international employment relation
Time-limited interests in land
Land law reform in Eastern Africa : traditional or transformative? : a critical review of 50 years of land law reform in Eastern Africa,1961-2011
Temporary employment businesses : general problems ; specific problems relating to legal or illegal hiring out of workers across borders
The portable UCC
Access to Finnish law
"Land Law Reform in East Africa reviews development and changes in the statutory land laws of 7 countries in Eastern Africa over the period 1961-2011. The book is divided into two parts. Part 1 sets up the conceptual framework for consideration of the reforms, and pursues a contrast between transformational and traditional developments; where the former aim at change designed to ensure social justice in land laws, and the latter aim to continue the overall thrust of colonial approaches to land laws and land administration. Part 2 provides an in-depth and critical survey of the land law reforms introduced into each country during the era of land law reform which commenced around 1990. The overall effect of the reforms has, Patrick McAuslan argues, been traditional: it was colonial policy to move towards land markets, individualisation of land tenure and the demise of customary tenure, all of which characterise the post 1990 reforms. The culmination of over 50 years of working in this area, Land Law Reform in East Africa will be invaluable reading for scholars of land law, and of law and development more generally."--
The ABCs of the UCC. Article 2A, Leases
Modern studies in property law. volume 3
