http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21662 airways (respiratory organs)
airways (respiratory organs) respiratory passages
Obstetric Anesthesia
Rhinovirus infections in young children : clinical manifestations, suspectibility, and host response
Outpatient plastic surgery
A breath of fresh air : portable gas detectors
Lactobacillus rhamnosus GG in respiratory tract infections : randomized controlled trials
Canine bacterial pneumonia : role of acutephase proteins and viral co-infections
Susceptibility to respiratory tract infections in young men : the role of inflammation, mannose-binding lectin, interleukin-6 and their genetic polymorphisms
"Both tobacco smoke and asbestos fibers enter the body mainly by inhalation. In the lungs, they may evoke oxidative stress, alter the protease-antiprotease balance, induce innate and adaptive immune responses, and create persistent inflammation leading eventually to lung injury. The type and severity of lung injury induced by foreign compounds varies greatly between individuals, even with similar exposure history. These differences are believed to originate from the complex interplay between genetic, epigenetic, environmental, and life course factors. In this study, the effects of genetic variation on the risk and severity of asbestos and smoking related non-malignant pleural and pulmonary changes and lung function impairment was examined among Finnish construction workers. The studied polymorphic genes encode proteins involved in xenobiotic metabolizing, proteolytic balance, inflammation, and innate immunity; pathways that are potentially linked to asbestos and tobacco smoke exposure." -- (Back Cover)
The book presents the latest advances in research into health effects of air pollution, with heavy motor vehicle traffic or cigarette smoke as the exemplar of pollution. The airways are the first-line defense system against pollution. The book focuses on respiratory ailments underlain by inflammation, increased susceptibility to infection, particularly acquired during harsh environmental conditions and exposures to particulate matter or pathogens. The importance of astute analysis of lung function for early diagnosis of disorders is underscored. A knowledge deficit concerning the aerosolized drug delivery through the airways also is addressed. Recent developments and viewpoints in the field of environmental health hazards as well as methodological advances in their assessment are provided. The book will be of interest to pulmonologists, healthcare providers, researchers and clinicians engaged in environment-related respiratory diseases, but also to policy makers concerned with clean ambient air quality.
Assessment of voice among emerging high-risk population groups : with special emphasis on kindergarten teachers, children with laryngeal reconstruction, and workers exposed to organic dust
Pulmonary Infection
Medical-surgical nursing : assessment and management of clinical problems
Respiratory allergy is constantly encountered and is sharply on the rise, particularly in the two most vulnerable age-groups: young children and seniors. Allergy results in airway hyperactivity and increased airway resistance, with all inflammatory sequelae being ensued. The chapters show how respiratory allergy research is interconnected with other disciplines by discussing neurotransmitter, membrane receptor, and ionic channel mechanisms of allergy and by giving diagnostic and pharmacological cues on desensitization and therapy.
Studies on ciliary activity in respiratory epithelium
Exposure-related human cancer : molecular changes in sinonasal cancer and lung cancer, with focus on TP53 mutations
Vitamin D insufficiency in young Finnish men : associations with bone stress fracture and respiratory tract infections
The respiratory tract is a frequent target of infections caused by a wide range of organisms. The book provides reader-friendly information on aspects of pulmonary infections, including comprehensive accounts of bacterial and viral diseases, therapeutic approaches, molecular and classical culture-related techniques of diagnosis, and explaining the basic cell biological mechanism. The role of oxidative stress, both helpful in fighting invading pathogens and detrimental in yielding to infection is detailed as it is often undervalued and needs focus. The chapters encompass latest developments and applications in bacteriology and virology, preventive and therapeutic tips, and raise attention to implementation of proper antibiotic policies by medical institutions to decrease resistance to antimicrobials. The perennial problem of low influenza vaccination coverage rate is rationalized. The volume will be of interest to both clinicians and biomedical researchers engaged in this exciting field.
Summary.
Recurrent respiratory papillomatosis : causes and consequences
Nursing medical emergency patients
Manual of medical-surgical nursing care : nursing interventions and collaborative management
Pulmonary function
Nursing practice : hospital and home : the adult
Virus-induced interferon production in leukocyte cultures from children with recurrent resppiratory infections : a follow-up study
Manual of emergency airway management
Introduction to the anatomy and physiology of children
Effect of a blended learning course in airway management versus traditional delivery
Childhood sleep-disordered breathing : dentofacial and pharyngeal characteristics
Wheezing in early childhood : predictive factors for asthma in the 11-year follow-up
Inflammatory effects of nanosized titanium dioxide and carbon nanotube pulmonary exposure
Probiotics and virus infections : the effects of Lactobacillus rhamnosus GG on respiratory and gastrointestinal virus infections
Spirometric and gas analytic studies in pulmonary insufficiency at rest and during graduated exercise
The social construction of SARS : studies of a health communication crisis
Bronchiolitis in early infancy : predictive factors for post-bronchiolitis wheezing
Form of day-care and respiratory infections : a public health perspective
Viral infection induced respiratory distress in childhood
Specific probiotics in the upper respiratory tract : colonization, efficacy and safety with focus on Lactobacillus rhamnosus GG
Nasopharyngeal colonization by pathogenic bacteria : effect of polymorphisms in innate immune genes of young children
Airway surgery for obstructive sleep apnea and partial upper airway obstruction during sleep
Diagnostic studies in children with acute infections : microbes and biomarkers
Respiratory virology and immunogenicity
Laboratory diagnosis and surveillance of acute respiratory tract infections caused by certain common viruses and Mycoplasma pneumoniae
This volume provides a modern look on the age-old influenza infection and the preventive role of anti-influenza shots. Influenza pandemic outbreaks are unrelenting despite the growing understanding of the molecular basis of viral infection and its spreads. A leap in medical technologies has revolutionized the design of new influenza vaccines. The chapters cover vaccination strategies in various age-groups of people and provide the extensive amount of knowledge on the immune response to influenza vaccination in a spectrum of disease conditions.
Increased acetaldehyde production by mouthwashings from patients with oral cavity, laryngeal, or pharyngeal cancer
Infectious diseases in Finland 1995-2009
Inflammatory airway diseases : the impact of indoleamine 2,3-dioxygenase and outcomes of maxillary sinus surgery
Genetic susceptibility to asbestos and tobacco smoke related non-malignant pleuropulmonary changes
Airway inflammatory markers in asthma and rhinitis : microRNA, nasal nitric oxide and proteome analysis
Burden of Influenza in Children
Toll-like receptor activation in experimental allergic asthma : bridge between skin and airways
Virus-host interactions of emerging respiratory pathogens
Industry and traffic related particles and their role in human health
Bronchial hyperresponsiveness and its risk factors in Finnish adult population
Allergens and Airway Hyperreactivity
Specific probiotics in the upper respiratory tract : colonization, efficacy, and safety with focus on Lactobacillus rhamnosus GG
Diagnostics and epidemiology of human bocaviruses
The book discusses new concepts and findings in the field of pulmonary function. This function is notably associated with spirometry and gas exchange at the lungs. The technique of spirometry, its clinical meaning, and reference values have all been refined over decades of its use. Although spirometry remains ancillary in diagnosis-making, it seems hardly replaceable in monitoring of lung disease progression and treatment efficacy. Pulmonary function goes far beyond spirometry. It encompasses interactions with the cardiovascular system, sleep disordered breathing, etiological factors like occupational bio aerosol exposure or cigarette smoke related issues. Pulmonary function may crumple in any respiratory ailment, the case in point being all too often respiratory tract infections. Chapters contribute to the latest thinking on molecular mechanisms underpinning pulmonary function, on patient care and attempt to keep up-to-date with current clinical and research progress. The book will be of interest to both clinicians and biomedical researchers.
Transcriptional analysis of persistent Chlamydia pneumoniae infection in vitro
Virus-host interactions of emerging respiratory pathogen
Colonization of mucosal surfaces
This package is aimed at ships' officers and similar shore-based personnel whose duties include the use of portable gas detectors. It explains that portable gas detectors are a vital part of safety procedures. They must be used, and used properly, when it's appropriate. It's to the individual's personal benefit and the benefit of the people they work with or control. Many people forget that some spaces on ships and in terminals - cargo or gas tanks, for instance - are, under normal circumstances, totally unable to support life for one reason or another. That, not unnaturally, makes them very dangerous environments. There are any number of ways in which a space can become hazardous. The package covers many of the most common and shows how portable gas detectors can help. Set on board various types of ship, including tankers and cargo ships and ashore in terminal, the package shows a wide range of equipment, including modern devices and older designs which are still widely used. The package covers the three main areas in which portable gas detectors are used: detecting flammable gases, toxic gases, and checking for oxygen - usually to ensure that the air is safe to breathe. Each of these is covered in a separate section. Typical situations are featured in each. The package explains why gas detectors are used in each of these three areas. It also highlights the need to make sure that each person watching and the people with whom they work are safe...
Role of pneumococcal virulence genes in the etiology of rerspiratory tract infection and biofilm formation
Infectious disease
Role of pneumococcal virulence genes in the etiology of respiratory tract infection and biofilm formation
The role of inflammation and matrix proteins in airway remodelling
Thoracic emergencies
Administration of Bifidobacterium animalis subsp. lactis BB-12 and xylitol with a novel pacifier in early childhood
Variations in paediatric upper respiratory surgery rates within and between two Nordic countries
The respiratory muscles and the mechanics of breathing
Major trauma in Northern Finland
Brunner & Suddarth's textbook of medical-surgical nursing
Oropharyngeal carriage of respiratory bacteria among military conscripts
Coccidioidomycosis : Sixth International Symposium
Exposure to environmental tobacco smoke, animals and pollen grains as determinants of atopic diseases and respiratory infections
Multiplex RT-PCR in diagnosis of human picornaviruses and human respiratory viruses
Engineered nanoparticles : effects in mouse respiratory tract and occupational exposure during flame spray process
Susceptibility to respiratory tract infections in young men: the role of inflammation, mannose-binding lectin, interleukin-6 and their genetic polymorphisms
