http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2162 church music
church music
Chandos anthems. Volume III
Visions of liturgy and music for a new century
We wish you a merry christmas : A choral christmas
Chandos anthems. Volume IV
Dynamic worship : mission, grace, praise, and power : a manual for strengthening the worship life of twelve keys congregations
Catalogue of medieval manuscript fragments in the Helsinki University Library : Fragmenta membranea. 4:1, Antiphonaria : text
The principal goal of this collection is to investigate and discover elements in Josquin's musical style that have won the composer his unequalled reputation, a reputation that has been described in the most laudatory words from the beginning of the 16th century onwards. If Josquin's talent 'has brought all the arts to life' (anonymous distich, Basilica of S. Sisto in Piacenca, 1514) indeed, if 'his genius is indescribable and we can be amazed at it more than we can treat it worthily' (Glarean, Dodecachordon), and if he truly 'has opened the eyes of all those who rejoice in his art or who will rejoice in the future' (Cosimo Bartoli, Ragionamenti accademici), then we can safely state that many of his compositions must be nothing less than 'sublime'.
I am the True Vine
Messiah : (Highlights)
Music for Royal Occasions
Music for the Chapel Royal : Verse anthems
Hispania Vetus : musical-liturgical manuscripts from Visigothic origins to the Franco-Roman transition (9th-12th centuries)
A handbook of church music
Church music in America, 1620-2000
Gregorian chant and medieval music : proceedings from the Nordic Festival and Conference of Gregorian Chant Trondheim, St. Olavs wake 1997
The origins of Calvin's theology of music, 1536-1543
Institutional patronage in post-Tridentine Rome : music at Santissima Trinità dei Pellegrini, 1550-1650
Messiah : A Sacred oratorio : Highlights
The Advent project : the later-seventh-century creation of the Roman Mass proper
Liturgy and muse : the Eucharistic prayer
Orthodox shrines of the Russian North : anthology = Pravoslavnye svâtyni russkogo severa : antologiâ. Pt. 1, The Solovki Monastery = Soloveckij monastyr'
African music and the church in Africa
Theodora HWV 68 : Oratorio in three parts = Oratorio in drei Teilen = Oratorio en trois parties
The Aquitanian Kyrie repertory of the tenth and eleventh centuries
Hilandarski ktitori u pravoslavnom pojanju = The founders of Hilandar in Orthodox chant
Medieval ritual and early modern music : the devotional practice of lauda singing in late-Renaissance Italy
The church and the arts : papers read at the 1990 Summer Meeting and the 1991 Winter Meeting of the Ecclesiastical History Society
The singing church : an outline history of the music sung by choir and people
The important contribution of Heinrich Isaac (ca. 1455-1517) to polyphonic settings of the proper of the mass has long been recognised. The monumental posthumously published collection of his work in the genre, the Choralis Constantinus, was considered as a landmark even in the sixteenth century. Isaac's striking cultivation of polyphonic mass proper settings has its roots in his task, as Hofcomponist to Emperor Maximilian I, of building a musical repertoire for the Imperial court chapel. The repertoire he created awakened a demand for analogous music at other European courts and institutions and led, in 1508, to the commissioning of an extraordinary series of proper cycles from him by the authorities of Constance cathedral.
A history of English cathedral music 1549-1889
Elijah : The choruses
A survey of twentieth century Protestant church music in America
The Crown of Thorns : Music from the Eton Choirbook, Vol. II
Liturgical preaching : contemporary essays
Ode for the birthday of Queen Anne
Key words in church music : definition essays on concepts, practices, and movements of thought in church music
The new worship : straight talk on music and the church
Israel in Egypt : Oratorio in three parts
Athalia : English oratorio in three acts
Chichester psalms
In tune with heaven : the report of the Archbishops' Commission On Church Music
A Solemn musick
Harmonikē leitūrgikē hymnōsia : tetrafōnos, trifōnos, homofōnos = Greek-Byzantine liturgical hymnal (classic minor, major and chromatic melodies)
Susanna : highlights
Jephtha : oratorio
Orthodox shrines of the Russian North : anthology = Pravoslavnye svâtyni russkogo severa : antologiâ. Pt. 2, The Tikhvin Monastery = Tihvinskij monastyr'
Sacred songs : studies in Byzantine hymnography
The music of the English parish church. Vol. 2
Elijah = Elias : Oratorio with words from the Old Testament = Oratorium nach den Worten des alten Testamentes : op. 70
'To fill, forbear, or adorne' : the organ accompaniment of Restoration sacred music
Byzantine hymnography for the Feast of the Entrance of the Theotokos : an intermedial approach
Second Service and Anthems
Cathedral music by William Mundy
Taste the fountain of immortality : Ancient Russian, Bizantine & Georgian chants = Istočnika bessmertnogo vkusite : drevnerusskie, vizantijskie i gruzinskie pesnopeniâ na anglijskom âzyke
Journal of the International Society for Orthodox Church Music
Tunes of glory : what music is good enough for God?
An introduction to the post-Tridentine Mass proper. Part 1, Text
Congregational song : proposals for renewal
Passion and resurrection
Das Weihnachtsoratorium = The Christmas Oratorio BWV 248
The Creation
Holy concord within sacred walls : nuns and music in Siena, 1575-1700
History of Russian church music, 988-1917
Dictionary of composers for the church in Great Britain and Ireland
"In today's digital landscape, we have the luxury of experiencing music anytime, anywhere. But before this instant accessibility and dizzying array of formats--before CDs, the eight-track tape, the radio, and the turntable--there was only one recording technology: music notation. It allowed singers and soloists to travel across great distances and perform their work with stunning fidelity, a feat that we now very much take for granted. Thomas Forrest Kelly transports us to the lively and complex world of monks and monasteries, of a dove singing holy chants into the ear of a saint, and of bustling activity in the Cathedral of Notre Dame--an era when the only way to share even the simplest song was to learn it by rote, church to church and person to person. With clarity and a sense of wonder, Kelly tells a story that spans five hundred years, leading us on a journey through medieval Europe and showing how we learned to keep track of rhythm, melody, and precise pitch with a degree of accuracy previously unimagined. Kelly reveals the technological advances that led us to the system of notation we use today, placing each step of its evolution in its cultural and intellectual context. Companion recordings by the renowned Blue Heron ensemble are paired with vibrant illuminated manuscripts, bringing the art to life and allowing readers to experience something of the marvel that medieval writers must have felt when they figured out how to capture music for all time."--Publisher's description
I am the true vine
Mr Moody and the evangelical tradition
The Complete Works. Volume 8, Lamentations and Contrafacta
The Music of the Byzantine Church
Josquin and the sublime : proceedings of the International Josquin Symposium at Roosevelt Academy Middelburg, 12-15 July 2009
Decadent enchantments : the revival of Gregorian chant at Solesmes
The origins of Russian music : introduction to the kondakarian notation
Festive speeches : delivered at National Metsovio Polytechnic School during national anniversaries
Liturgical music as ritual symbol : a case study of Jacques Berthier's Taizé music
Music and the arts in Christian worship
Byzantine chant : tradition and reform : acts of a meeting held at the Danish Institute at Athens, 1993
The complete sacred choral works = Polnoe sobranie duhovno-muzykal'nyh proizvedenij
Te deum and Jubilate in D major
An English Kyriale : music for the Eucharist
A history of Byzanthine music and hymnography
The making of liturgy in the Ottonian Church : books, music and ritual in Mainz, 950-1050
The style of Palestrina and the dissonance
Baptist offspring, southern midwife - Jesse Mercer's Cluster of spiritual songs (1810) : a study in American hymnody
Make music to our God : how we sing the Psalms
Protestant worship music : its history and practice
O, Heavenly King
Are those congas in the pulpit? : hymns, alabanza y adoracion (praise and worship) music, and the Evangelical subculture of Western Cuba
Cathedral Music
Quomodo cantabimus canticum? : studies in honor of Edward H. Roesner
The flower of paradise : Marian devotion and secular song in medieval and Renaissance music
Ninth Service and Anthems
Bach's St. Matthew Passion : a closer look
You can lead singing : a song leader's manual
Voices and instruments in Christian worship : principles, laws, applications
The music of the English parish church. Vol. 1
Handbook to Bach's sacred Cantata texts : an interlinear translation with reference guide to Biblical quotations and allusions
St. Petersburg Court Chant and the tradition of Eastern Slavic church singing
The singer in the ecclesiastical hierarchy : the early history of the order
Anthems
The complete anthems and services. 7
Ten Four-Part Motets for The Church's Year
Byzantium and the North : papers presented at the Symposium "Byzantium and the North2, at Valamo Monastery 11th and 12th June 1981
Singing the Lord's song in a strange land : hymnody in the history of North American Protestantism
Opinions on Church Music : Comments and reports from four-and-a-half centuries
Indigenous religious musics
Antiphonaria. Vol. 1, catalogue of notated office manuscripts preserved in Flanders (C.1100 - C. 1800) : Averbode, Dendermonde, Geel, Ghent, Tongeren
Handel and the English Chapel Royal
Exploring music as worship and theology : an interdisciplinary method for studying liturgical practice
The Complete Works. Volume 6, Music for the Reformed Church
Music and musicians in 16th-century Florence
A short history of English church music
Cathedral Music by Thomas Tomkins
We shall see Him as He is
The politics of plainchant in fin-de-siècle France
Heinrich Isaac and polyphony for the proper of the mass in the Late Middle Ages and the Renaissance
The Great Service
Agnus Dei : music of inner harmony
Handbook to the Church hymnary
Songs of the dove and the nightingale : sacred and secular music, c. 900-c. 1600
The oratorio in Venice
Tainted glory in Handel's Messiah : the unsettling history of the world's most beloved choral work
Russian galvary : triptych of spiritual songs = Russkaâ golgofa : triptih duhovnyh pesnopenij. Pt. 2, Devoted to the memory of the regal martyrs = Carstvennym Mučenikam
4 Coronation anthems
The power of song : music and dance in the mission communities of northern New Spain, 1590-1810
St. Paul's : the Cathedral Church of London, 604-2004
Capturing music : the story of notation
Tudor church music
English church music 1650-1750 : in royal chapel, cathedral and parish church
The sequences of Nidaros : a Nordic repertory & its European context
Music in early Franciscan thought
Identity and locality in early European music, 1028-1740
A child of our time : Oratorio in three parts
Chants of the byzantine rite : the Italo-Albanian tradition in sicily = Canti Ecclesiastici Della Tradizione Italo-Albanese in Sicilia
Chandos anthems. Volume II
Latin poetry and conductus rhythm in medieval France
English church polyphony : singers and sources from the 14th to the 17th century
Ultimate ambiguities : investigating death and liminality
Renewing worship Liturgies : rites and service music for provisional use. Accompaniment edition
Music in the medieval English liturgy : Plainsong & Mediaeval Music Society centennial essays
Church music in history and practice
The Messiah : A sacred oratorio : full score
Matthäus-Passion : St. Matthew passion BWV 244
Chandos anthems. Volume I
The Christian west and its singers : the first thousand years
