http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2161 librettos
librettos
The libretti of Mozart's completed operas : in two volumes. Vol. 1
Herttua Siniparran linna : yksinäytöksinen ooppera : opera in one act = Bluebeard's castle
Music, text and translation
Catalogue of opera librettos printed before 1800
Silkkirumpu: konsertto laulajille, soittajille, liikkeille, kuville, sanoille op. 45 (1981-82, 1983) = The Damask Drum: Concerto for singers, players, words, images, movements op. 45 (1981-82, 1983)
Handel's Oratorios and Eighteenth-Century Thought
Ratsumies : libretto Aulis Sallisen säveltämään oopperaan = the libretto of the opera composed by Aulis Sallinen = The horseman
Handel's Israelite oratorio libretti : sacred drama and Biblical exegesis
Ratsumies = The horseman : libretto
The book of 101 opera librettos : complete original language texts with English translations
Konsuli : [kolminäytöksinen ooppera] = The consul : [musical drama in three acts]
Nixon in China : kolmenäytöksinen ooppera = opera in three acts
Boris Godunov : opera in four acts = nelinäytöksinen ooppera
The complete Verdi libretti : in four volumes. Vol. 2
The death of Klinghoffer = Klinghofferin kuolema
Rusalka, tarina vedenneidosta : libretto = The story of a naiad
Oedipus rex ; The Rake's progress
Boris Godunov
The Metropolitan Opera : stories of the great operas. Volume two
The complete Puccini libretti : in four volumes. Vol. 2
Lakeuksien lukko : libretto Artturi Leinosen romaanin pohjalta = Lock of the plains : libretto based on a novel by Artturi Leinonen
The opera libretto library : the authentic texts of the German, French and Italian operas with music of the principal airs : with the complete English and German, French or Italian parallel texts
The riverred earth
Pohjanmaan kautta : Ilmajoen musiikkijuhlien tilausooppera = Bottoms up - via Ostrobothnia : opera ordered especially for Ilmajoki Music Festival
The complete Verdi libretti : in four volumes. Vol. 1
On the docks : a modern revolutionary Peking Opera
French opera libretti : in two volumes. Vol. 2
The Operas of Benjamin Britten
Italian belcanto opera libretti : in three volumes. Vol. 1
Rosenthalin lapset : 2-näytöksinen ooppera : opera in two acts = The children of Rosenthal
Ratsumies : libretto = The horseman
Offers a behind-the-scenes view of Hamilton the musical, detailing the many dramatic episodes in Alexander Hamilton's life.
Metastasio on the London stages, 1728 to 1840 : a catalogue
A true daughter of the party : a revolutionary opera : libretto
Handel's Israelite oratorios are today little known among non-specialists, but in their own day they were unique, pioneering, and extremely popular. Dating from the period 1732-1752, they combine the musical conventions of Italian opera with dramatic plots in English that are adaptations of Old Testament narratives. They constitute a form of biblical interpretation, but to date, there has been no thoroughgoing study of the theological ideas or the attitudes towards the biblical text that might be conveyed in the oratorios' libretti. This book aims to fill that gap from an interdisciplinary perspective.
A Dream of love fulfilled : an introduction to romantic opera as literature
Nixon in China : kolminäytöksinen ooppera = opera in three acts
Carmen : an opera in four acts
Juha : kolminäytöksinen ooppera = Opera in three acts = Opéra en trois actes = Oper in drei Akten
Twentieth-century British authors and the rise of opera in Britain
Ratsumies = The horseman
Libretti of Russian operas. Vol. 1, Opera based on the poetry and prose of Alexander Pushkin
The barber of Seville
Peter Grimes : libretto : an opera in three acts and a prologue derived from the poem of George Crabbe
Italian belcanto opera libretti : in three volumes. Vol. 2
The libretti of Mozart's completed operas : in two volumes. Vol. 2
Rusalka : tarina vedenneidosta : [kolminäytöksinen ooppera] = the story of a naiad : [opera in three acts]
Rosenthalin lapset : libretto
Rockland : the opera : libretto
Rusalka : tarina vedenneidosta : kolminäytöksinen ooppera = the story of a naiad : opera in three acts
Dido and Aeneas : an opera
Hamilton : the revolution
Lady in the dark
In this wide-ranging and challenging book, Ruth Smith shows that the words to Handel's oratorios reflect the events and ideas of their time and have far greater meaning than has hitherto been realized. She explores literature, music, aesthetics, politics and religion to reveal Handel's works as conduits for eighteenth-century thought and sensibility. She provides a full picure of Handel's librettists and shows how their oratorio texts express key moral-political preoccupations and engage with contemporary ideological debate. British identity, the need for national unity, the conduct of war, the role of government, the authority of the Bible, the purpose of literature, the effect of art - these and many more concerns are addressed in the librettos. The book thus enriches our understanding of Handel, his times, and the relationships between music and its intellectual contexts.
Dido and Aeneas : An Opera : An authoritative score
Shunkin-sho : [opera in two acts] = [kaksinäytöksinen ooppera]
The last troubadours : poetic drama in Italian opera 1597-1887
Rent: the complete book and lyrics of the Broadway musical
Ruhtinas Igor = Prince Igor
The singing tree : Swedish and english libretto = Det sjungande tree
The new Milton Cross' complete stories of the great operas
Silkkirumpu : konsertto laulajille, soittajille, liikkeille, kuville, sanoille op. 45 (1981-82, 1983) : concerto for singers, players, words, images, movements op. 45 (1981-82, 1983) = The damask drum
The magic flute : an opera in two acts
Evita : musical excerpts complete libretto from the opera based on the life story of Eva Peron 1919-1952
Klinghofferin kuolema = The death of Klinghoffer
French opera libretti : in two volumes. Vol. 1
Herttua Siniparran linna = Bluebeard's castle
Four Strauss opera libretti
Uhkapeli : kaksinäytöksinen ooppera : opera in two acts and four scenes = (Le pari)
The complete Verdi libretti : in four volumes. Vol. 3
