http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21686 pupil exchange
pupil exchange
Understanding your international students : an educational, cultural, and linguistic guide
Messages from Finland : the exciting book about the experiences of a foreign student
Design management missionary
"You only have one year, why waste it?" : Perceptions & language skills of three Finnish EFL students on exchange in the USA
Teenage explorers : spending a high school year in a foreign country
English summary: Testing the consensus Finland. Student magazine Ylioppilaslehti in the Finnish public sphere of the 80s.
Supervisorś handbook
The Development of second language identities in ELF study abroad contexts
Abstract.
Challenges the finnish schools have faced in the comenius 1 projects
International nursing students' experiences in their education
"Thousands of possibilities" : foreign exchange students' experiences at Savonia University of Applied Sciences
Outgoing study exchanges in French and Spanish business schools
Bridging the transition from primary to secondary school
Visiting the Green Island
Advanced and unusual : Finland as seen by international students and trainees
Student exchange experiences benefit teachers-to-be
I'd love to be able to say it was perfect : discourses used by Finnish, British, and American exchange students in describing their experience
I wouldn't have come to Oulu for any other reason than this : an evaluation research of the master's degree programme in education and globalisation
Foreign students studying in Finland : case survey among Chinese students
The admission of international students into higher education : policies and instruments
English for the financial sector : student's book
The European dimension in teacher education
Student mobility in Dalarna University and HAAGA-HELIA University of Business and Applied Sciences
Smartest kids in the world : and how they got that way
Was it actually so? : foreign exchange students' experiences revisited
An acculturation analysis of Finnish youth exchange visitors to the dominant cultures of the United States and the United Kingdom
Survival guide for international students
Finnish fellowship students in the United States : a panel study
Campus Finland
The exchange student survival kit
Finnish summary.
"Onko tämä sitä creativitya" : a case study of the functions of code switching by IB students in a WhatsApp conversation
Development of culture shock among exchange students
The unfinished angel
Exchange students' conceptions on the Kummi Programme at the University of Oulu
Eurodata : student mobility in European higher education
Analyzing and enhancing the image and content of online courses for non-Finnish students and non-Finnish courses at TAMK and amk.fi portal
Learning in the global classroom ; a guide for students in the multicultural university
Summary in Swedish.
Integration of short-term foreign exchange students at Tampere  College
Living in Finland : a practical guide for international students and trainees
Katla's hopes of dodging unfinished business during her senior year are dashed by the arrival of two "Icelandic exchange students," Marik and Jinky, who have come to collect Katla's frail baby sister and take her to the water queen / Library of Congress.
Cultural ambassadors of kindred nations
Study exchange: experiences of the students of Viirinkangas campus
Adventurous decade and more : Diak's partnership in Asia
Barely lethal
Foreign students in Oulu Polytechnic School of Business Studies : what are the problems evolving from the multinational environment?
The dynamics of international student circulation in global context
Visitors, vanishings and va-va-va- voom
The psychology of culture shock
The global market for higher education : sustainable competitive strategies for the new millennium
Towards an interlanguage of biological evolution : exploring students' talk and writing as an arena for sense-making
From Brussles to grassroot level
The boy from France
Going to Kansas City
Alienated
The unfinished Angel
Finns like someone else to take the first step
Global talent : skilled labor as social capital in Korea
Anna and the french kiss
Finland alumni news
The objective of this thesis was to explore the mobility of students in Dalarna University and HAAGA-HELIA University of Applied Sciences. The main research question was how organizations and people reacted to the mobility issue, how they have done it, and what the present student mobility situation in HAAGA-HELIA University of Applied Sciences and Dalarna University is. Another aim was to find out the factors encouraging and preventing student exchange and to see what could be done in order to enhance the interest in exchange. The theoretical framework concentrates on organisational behaviour. The theory on barriers to trade enlightens how softer values may act as barriers for mobility even though the technical barriers have been removed. Strong organisational cultures and fear of change can be a burden when facing new situations and challenges, but the theory of resistance to change presents how these can be managed. In addition, the theory of rational decision-making demonstrates how to make decisions in order to optimise the desired outcome. The study was conducted by a qualitative research method. A few members of administrative staff and students were interviewed in both universities. These interviews were carried out both face-to-face and via e-mail. Data on student mobility in general in Sweden and Finland was gathered from different organisations and official institutions. Also the development of the Bologna process and its effects on educational organisations and thus mobility was studied. Although the empirical part of the thesis also includes researching overall student mobility in both countries, the findings and recommendations are limited to the aforementioned universities. The results show that there is cooperation between universities and mobility has been made easier, but HAAGA-HELIA students tend to study more abroad when compared to students from Dalarna. The reasons why Swedish students do not go abroad vary but are not altogether due to financial issues. More information on in-coming exchange students and students who have already been on exchange, comprehensive internet pages on exchange possibilities, and developed and smooth cooperation between universities and different organisations can be some methods that could make  students still hesitating more confident about exchange.
Youth for Understanding 20 vuotta Suomessa
"With all the good and bad things, I think it was great!" : a case study of German high school students' experiences of their exchange year in Finland
Pedagogigal [i.e. pedagogical] and social functions of code-switching in EFL classrooms
Pupils in transition : moving between key stages
Pots,pans and friendship families : tutoring and taking care of newcomers
Transnational mobility and the formation of sense of place : a case of exhange students at the University of Helsinki
Flock
Critical incidents as a training tool for Finnish exchange students going to The United States
Invaded
Risk management of exchange students : according to Erasmus Joint Research Project
European integration as a source of innovation in education : a study of the meaning of internationalisation and its results in secondary education in the Netherlands
Abstract: Culrure shock: Development of cultural shock among exchange students.
International mobility in Finnish education : trends and developments in tertiary and secondary education 2000-2004
International tutor's handbook
FACTORS THAT MOTIVATE THE NEW GENERATION STUDENTS TO STUDY ABROAD - Exchange students as a case study
