http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21657 hatha yoga
hatha yoga
Yoga : exercises and inspirations for well-being
The heart of yoga : developing a personal practice
The first single, reliable collection of primary material from the source traditions of yoga. Despite the immense popularity of yoga today, there is surprisingly little knowledge of its roots among practitioners. This book brings together, for the first time, the core teachings of yoga in the words of their authors, rather than in the secondary versions of modern interpreters. Including key passages from the Upanishads, the Buddhist and Jaina traditions, the yoga sections of the Indian Tantras, and many texts that are being critically translated for the first time, "Roots of Yoga" provides a comprehensive and immediate insight into the essential texts of the Indian traditions of yoga. This book is a first stop for anyone wishing to learn more than they are told at their yoga class, and an indispensable resource for serious yoga practitioners and teachers.
The yoga lifestyle : using the flexitarian method to ease stress, find balance and create a healthy life
"Turn your yoga routine on its head! Designed to take you from a beginner to an advanced yoga student, this helpful guide will help you to progress from downward dog to even the more intricate of handstand poses.Improve focus and ability as you tone your upper body and core. The Complete Guide to Yoga Inversions is the ultimate collection of the most common arm balance poses and yoga inversions that are found in a variety of styles of yoga including ashtanga, bikram, power, hatha and more.Challenge yourself with XX arm balances and yoga poses with detailed step-by-step instructions from fitness and yoga instructor Jennifer DeCurtins. Each pose includes a helpful photo along with modifications and progressions. Learn to do pivotal, foundational poses such headstand, handstand and crow.The Complete Guide to Yoga Inversions is the perfect guide to improve your ability"--
Roots of yoga
Secrets of yoga
Playful family yoga for kids, parents, and grandparents
Teaching yoga : exploring the teacher-student relationship
Anatomy for vinyasa flow and standing poses
The concept of the body in Chinese and Indian bodily practices : transformation, perspective, and ethics
Inch loss yoga
Anatomy of hatha yoga : a manual for students, teachers, and practitioners
Yoga & pilates home workouts - get fit for free! : 80 step-by-step exercises, 140 personalized workouts
Instructing hatha yoga
Anatomy for backbends and twists
This book offers practical tools based on the most efficient practices of yoga and Ayurveda mixed with contemporary diet and lifestyle practices to help the modern yogi live a balanced life of health and happiness. It's all about bringing the experience of yoga on the mat onto all levels of life and draws not only from classical Ayurveda but also from holistic nutrition and a modern approach to yoga. Doron introduces the concept of the flexitarian. The book looks at the flexitarian diet and expands upon those principles to create an entire flexitarian lifestyle. Create the best life possible without the stress and choose the healthiest life options for you according to your needs.
Teaching yoga for life : preparing children and teens for healthy, balanced living
The Khecarīvidyā of Ādinātha : a critical edition and annotated translation of an early text of hathayoga
The complete guide to yoga inversions : learn how to invert, float, and fly with inversions and arm balances
Anatomy for arm balances and inversions
Storytime yoga : teaching yoga to children through story
Anatomy for hip openers and forward bends
Hatha yoga illustrated
Hatha yoga asanas : pocket guide for personal practice
The art and science of Raja Yoga : fourteen steps to higher awareness : based on the teachings of Paramhansa Yogananda
EXERCISE & WORKOUT BOOKS. Whether you're a dedicated yogi looking to perfect your asanas at home or an absolute beginner, Secrets of Yoga brings you all the insight and information you need to get the most from your practise. This comprehensive, illustrated guide will teach you how to unite body and mind to enhance health, wellbeing and awareness through a combination of breathing, stretching, and spiritual and mental focus. Discover different schools of yoga, insight into the benefits of time spent on your mat, and follow the detailed instructions to a series of classic yoga poses to deepen your understanding and enhance your practice.
Mudras : yoga in your hands
Hatha yoga : the complete mind and body workout
Big yoga : a simple guide for bigger bodies
Yoga for a new you
Hatha-yoga : its context, theory and practice
Yoga body : the origins of modern posture practice
In many religious traditions bodily practices, that is ritual actions that make use of the body and have a body-related goal, have evolved. Such practices are especially well developed in South- and East Asian traditions, where they have reached a great complexity in Hatha Yoga or in Daoist meditation. This shows that the human body has a major role to play in religions, which is something that is too often overlooked. Several qualities are attributed to the human body in religious thought systems that may be both positive and negative and in the ritual a framework is created that enables to transform the negative qualities into positive ones – for example, in a purification ritual the unpure body or condition is converted into a pure one. Not only singular qualities may be changed in the bodily practices but the whole body. Such a transformation of the body that aims to transcend the limits of the ordinary human body, can be a religious goal in its own right. The bodily practices of self transformation are based on the idea of the body as something unstable and changeable. In the premodern religious thought the body is more than a biological entity. It is a midpoint between a person and the society and the world that finds itself in a constant process of re-construction. It follows that the identity of a person is strongly tied to the body which is in turn related to how a person acts on a daily basis and to whom one is connected to.
Iyengar yoga : classic yoga postures for mind, body and spirit
Hatha yoga : the report of a personal experience
Awakening the spine : the stress-free new yoga that works with the body to restore health, vitality, and energy
