http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21691 situation comedies
situation comedies
Rillit huurussa = The big bang theory. 8. tuotantokausi
Mr. Bean. Vol. 1. digitally remastered edition
Rillit huurussa = The big bang theory. 7. tuotantokausi
The everything guide to comedy writing : from stand-up to sketch, all you need to succeed in the world of comedy
The extraordinary journey of the fakir who got trapped in an Ikea wardrobe
A Detroit dinosaur for a million bucks : metonymic nature and ideology of humour in the Finnish subtitles of an American situation comedy
Happy Birthday Mr Bean : 20 years of Mr Bean
How I met your mother. Season 2.
Mr Beanin lomakaaos : Holiday fun with Mr Bean : 9 sketches
Mr. Bean. Vol. 2.
On the buses : the complete story
The hundred-year-old man who climbed out of the window and disappeared
How not to write a sitcom : 100 mistakes to avoid if you ever want to get produced
The pragmatics of humour across discourse domains
Kellarin kunkku = The king of Queens. Tuotantokausi 2.
Moderni perhe. The complete seventh season
Critiquing the sitcom : a reader
Mom. The complete second season
Comedy techniques : an introduction for aspiring comedians
Nicos sitcom TV-replikbok
How I met your mother. 8. tuotantokausi
Honk me to bonk me : subtitling of language-play in the TV sitcom Green Wing
Rillit huurussa = The big bang theory. Ensimmäinen tuotantokausi
The comedy bible : the complete resource for aspiring comedians
Mr. Bean's holiday
Why is that so funny? : a practical exploration of physical comedy
The secrets to writing great comedy
Experiential function in stereotyped characterisation in an American situation comedy The golden girls
The film director prepares : a practical guide to directing for film & TV
Rillit huurussa = The big bang theory. Kuudes tuotantokausi
Rillit huurussa = The big bang theory. 5. tuotantokausi
The odd couple. Season one
From melancholy to humour
Black books. Series 2.
"Attention, all personnel... : studying the humour in M*A*S*H
Kellarin kunkku = The king of Queens. Tuotantokausi 3.
Kellarin kunkku = The king of Queens. Tuotantokausi 1.
Rillit huurussa = The big bang theory. 9. tuotantokausi
Rillit huurussa = The big bang theory. Toinen tuotantokausi
Rillit huurussa = The big bang theory. Kolmas tuotantokausi
To the manor Born
Black books. Series 3.
Improvisation for actors and writers : a guidebook for improv lessons in comedy
The eight characters of comedy : a guide to sitcom acting and writing
Moderni perhe. The complete sixth season
Rillit huurussa = The big bang theory. Viides tuotantokausi
Mr. Bean. Vol. 1.
Black Books. Series 1
New girl. the complete third season
Through it all I've always laughed : (an autobiography of myself) / by Count Arthur Strong
Kellarin kunkku = The king of Queens. Tuotantokausi 4.
Black Books. Series 3
How I met your mother. Season 1.
Masculinity and popular television
Black Books. Series 2
Green wing. [1], The complete first season
Mom. The complete first season
How I met your mother. Season 9.
Black books. Series 1.
Rillit huurussa = The big bang theory. Neljäs tuotantokausi
