http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21645 debut works
debut works
Seventeen-year-old Greg has managed to become part of every social group at his Pittsburgh high school without having any friends, but his life changes when his mother forces him to befriend Rachel, a girl he once knew in Hebrew school who has leukemia.
We need new names
Before the fall
Death of a cozy writer
I am Pilgrim : a thriller
A discovery of witches
Julian Corkle is a filthy liar
Following her mother's untimely and mysterious death, Delia embarks on a voyage of discovery through the streets of her native Naples searching for the truth about her family.
The miniaturist
A heartbreaking work of staggering genius
" There is a Chinese proverb that says: 'It is more profitable to raise geese than daughters.' But geese, like daughters, know the obligation to return home. In her exquisite first collection, Sarah Howe explores a dual heritage, journeying back to Hong Kong in search of her roots. With extraordinary range and power, the poems build into a meditation on hybridity, intermarriage and love -- what meaning we find in the world, in art, and in each other. Crossing the bounds of time, race and language, this is an enthralling exploration of self and place, of migration and inheritance, and introduces an unmistakable new voice in British poetry. " -- Publisher description
Man and boy
Elegance : true love never goes out of fasion
Disclaimer
Wolf in white van
Summer crossing
Two gruesome murders have shocked the Swedish town of Helsingborg. The first victim, a thug who liked using his fists, died with his hands sawn off. His sidekick, a fan of steel-capped boots, was crushed to death feet-first. Both men were bullies in the same class at school. Is someone serving justice after thirty years? The killer leaves no trace behind. But for lead investigator Fabian Risk, the lack of forensic evidence is not the only problem. He too was a student in that class--which makes him both a potential victim and a potential suspect... Full of unremitting suspense and unexpected twists, Stefan Ahnhem's Victim Without a Face is a sensational thriller from a superb debut storyteller. -
The humorist
Did I mention I love you?
The tiger's wife
The secret history
The Friday night knitting club
Troubling love
You
The pilgrimage
The Rosie project
The big sleep
The meaning of night : a confession
The song reader : a novel
The boy that never was
Three wishes : a novel
The painted bridge
P.S. I Love You
The last samurai
"A young woman with a once-in-a-generation palate becomes the iconic chef behind the country's most coveted dinner reservation"--
Graceling
Born confused
The spinning heart
Miss Peregrine's home for peculiar children
The shock of the fall
Sharp objects : a novel
Beat the reaper : a novel
Luckiest girl alive : a novel
Electricity
Memory of water
The night guest
The limit
The legacy
"Simon Watson, a young librarian on the verge of losing his job, lives alone on the Long Island Sound in his family home--a house, perched on the edge of a bluff, that is slowly crumbling toward the sea. His parents are long dead, his mother having drowned in the water his house overlooks. His younger sister, Enola, works for a traveling carnival reading tarot cards, and seldom calls. On a day in late June, Simon receives a mysterious package from an antiquarian bookseller. The book tells the story of Amos and Evangeline, doomed lovers who lived and worked in a traveling circus more than two hundred years ago. The paper crackles with age as Simon turns the yellowed pages filled with notes, sketches, and whimsical flourishes; and his best friend and fellow librarian, Alice, looks on in increasing alarm. Why does his grandmother's name, Verona Bonn, appear in this book? Why do so many women in his family drown on July 24? Could there possibly be some kind of curse on his family--and could Enola, who has suddenly turned up at home for the first time in six years, risk the same fate in just a few weeks? In order to save her--and perhaps himself--Simon must try urgently to decode his family history while moving on from the past. The Book of Speculation is Erika Swyler's gorgeous and moving debut, a wondrous novel about the power of books and family and magic"--
Drums, girls, and dangerous pie
The weight of water
Every contact leaves a trace
The Rosie project : a novel
The falconer
Looking for Alaska
The orchardist : a novel
The trouble with goats and sheep
A short history of tractors in Ukrainian
In the Woods
Swimming
As plague ravages the overcrowded Earth, observed by a ruthless lunar people, Cinder, a gifted mechanic and cyborg, becomes involved with handsome Prince Kai and must uncover secrets about her past in order to protect the world in this futuristic take on the Cinderella story.
The quick
When I forgot
The undertaking
White heat
The girls : a novel
The Professor
Dead man's prayer : a gripping detective thriller with a killer twist
The map of lost memories : a novel
The good girl
The emissary
In the woods
The language of the flowers
The book of storms
The monarch : a thriller
Alice and the fly
Conservation of shadows
Firethorn : a novel
Behind closed doors
The kite runner
City of night
Tales of the peculiar
The echo chamber
Victim without a face
The sky is everywhere
Fifty shades of grey
The night rainbow
The devil wears Prada
The seamstress
The still point
The help
Before I go to sleep : a novel
After me comes the flood
The land of decoration
Me and Earl and the dying girl : a novel
Bird Box : a novel
The name of the wind
Nowhere Boys
The people of forever are not afraid
Between shades of gray
Witness the night
The Prince of Mist
The secret life of bees
The bone season
Anna and the french kiss
Kitchens of the great Midwest
The nest
The book of speculation
Precious thing
The girls
Gathering to confront their older brother, who has recently been released from rehab after a drunk driving accident, the Plumb siblings watch as the trust fund left by their father rises and falls according to self-inflicted problems.
Calling me home
The readers of Broken Wheel recommend
Faceless killers : [an inspector Wallander mystery]
Communion town : a city in ten chapters
The language of flowers
The sympathizer
Blindsighted
Altered carbon
Ready player one
The sweetness at the bottom of the pie
Alex is in his thirties, a solitary man who has finally found love in the form of his beautiful and vivacious wife, Rachel. When Rachel is brutally murdered one Midsummer Night by the lake in the grounds of their alma mater, Worcester College, Oxford, Alex's life as he knew it vanishes. He returns to Oxford that winter, and through the shroud of his shock and grief, begins to try to piece together the mystery surrounding his wife's death. Playing host to Alex's winter visit is Harry, Rachel's former tutor and trusted mentor, who turns out to have been involved in some way in almost every significant development of their relationship throughout their undergraduate years. In his exploration of Rachel's history, Alex also turns to Evie, Rachel's self-centred and difficult godmother, whose jealousy of her charge has waxed and waned over the years. And then there are her university friends, Anthony and Cissy, who shared with Rachel her love of Browning and a taste for the illicit.
The white tiger
The vagrants
A concise Chinese-English dictionary for lovers
The last pilot
Under the never sky
Blackwood : a hexed story
Balzac and the little chinese seamstress
The invisible circus
The bun field
The word exchange
Tell the wolves I'm home
Loop of jade
