http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p216 ideologies
ideologies
The social revolution
Karl Marx : greatness and illusion
Political ideology today
Marx in the mid-twentieth century : a Yugoslav philosopher considers Karl Marx's writings
Contemporary political ideas
Political ideologies : their origins and impact
African socialism or socialist Africa?
Trotskyism : the enemy of revolution
The American way
Anarchism for beginners
When the doves disappeared : a novel
On creating social democracy : speeches in Moscow March 2001.
Contending liberalisms in world politics : ideology and power
Liberation exhibitions as a commemorative membrane of socialist Hungary
The devil's diary : Alfred Rosenberg and the stolen secrets of the Third Reich
Criticism and ideology : a study in Marxist literary theory
The cause of Hitler's Germany
The overturned boat : intertextuality of the Adapa myth and exorcist literature
State-led nationalism in today’s Russia : uniting the people with conservative values?
The consolidist manifesto
Form and content of immigrant socialist ideology : the case of the Finnish-American left
The man who loved dogs
Ideology and challenges of political liberalisation in the USSR, 1957-1961 : Otto Kuusinen's "Reform platform", the state concept, and the path to the 3rd CPSU programme
Imaginary dialogues in American literature and philosophy : beyond the mainstream
The political philosophy of Bakunin : scientific anarchism ; compiled and edited by G. P. Maximoff
Mutual aid : a factor of evolution
I speak of freedom : a statement of African ideology
Camera obscura of ideology / Sarah Kofman
Distrusting educational technology : critical questions for changing times
Little book of big ideas : politics
Introduction to communication studies
On anarchism
Conservatism
Eleanor Marx : A life
Tradition in Chinese politics : the Party-state’s reinvention of the past and the critical response from public intellectuals
Lenin and philosophy and other essays
Thinking the twentieth century
The concept of ideology
"A collection of essays on ethnic and cultural diversity in the Korean peninsula, focusing on South Korea, including monoethnic, nationalist ideology and multiculturalism as ideology and practice, the history of migration and diaspora, transnational adoption, and interracial and interethnic relations" --Provided by publisher.
America right or wrong : an anatomy of American nationalism
In defense of lost causes
Multiethnic Korea? : multiculturalism, migration, and peoplehood diversity in contemporary South Korea
Today's isms : socialism, capitalism, fascism, communism, libertarianism
Political ideologies and the democratic ideal
As a nation makes the transition from communism to democracy or another form of authoritarianism, its regime must construct not only new political institutions, but also a new political ideology that can guide policy and provide a sense of mission. The new ideology is crucial for legitimacy at home and abroad, as well as the regime's long-term viability. Comparing postcommunist regimes, with a focus on Russia under Putin and post-Deng China, Cheng Chen investigates the factors that affect the success of an ideology-building project and identifies the implications for international affairs. Successful ideology-building requires two necessary —but not sufficient —conditions. The regime must establish a coherent ideological repertoire that takes into account the nation's ideological heritage and fresh surges of nationalism. Also, the regime must attract and maintain a strong commitment to the emerging ideology among the political elite. Drawing on rich primary sources, including interviews, surveys, political speeches, writings of political leaders, and a variety of publications, Chen identifies the major obstacles to ideology-building in modern Russia and China and assesses their respective long-term prospects. Whereas creating a new regime ideology has been a protracted and difficult process in China, it has been even more so in Russia. The ability to forge an ideology is not merely a domestic concern for these two nations, but a matter of international import as these two great powers move to assert and extend their influence in the world.
Social psychology of political polarization
Rhetoric, ideology and social psychology : essays on honour of Michael Billig
Politics and ideology in Marxist theory : capitalism - fascism - populism
Eurasianism and neo-eurasianism : the past, present and postmodernity of a Russian integration ideology
The modern case for socialism
Ideologies and modern politics
The change of ideology : how the left-right cleavage transforms into issue competition ; an analysis of party systems using party manifesto data = Der Wandel der Ideologien : die Transformation des Links-Rechts-Gegensatzes in einen themenbasierten Parteienwettbewerb ; eine Analyse von Parteisystemen auf der Basis von Wahlprogrammdaten
Selected works of Mao Tse-Tung. Vol. 1.
Yhteenveto (Summary)
Socialism : in the new society
The analysis of ideology
Landmarks on scientific socialism : "Anti-Duehring"
Out of the way! Socialism's coming! = Sosyalizm geliyor savulun
Ideological changes in Europe in the 1990s : working report from Inter-European research symposium in Göteborg on May 8-91992
Centuries of change : which century saw the most change and why it matters to us
Essays on individualism : modern ideology in anthropological perspective
Focal words on environmental issues : in a British tabloid and a quality newspaper
Hitler's private library : the books that shaped his life
Socialism : new and old
The conservative mind : from Burke to Eliot
Crick asserts that politics, with its compromises and power struggles, remains the only tested alternative to government by coercion, making both freedoma nd order possible in heterogeneous societies. For Crick, politics is necessarily imperfect, messy anmd complex, yet his book defends it against htose who would identify it with (and reduce it to) ideology, nationalism, technology or populist democracy. In this fifth edition, Crick warns us that present-day politicians are in danger of threatening both citizenship and common humanity. He discusses the popular distrust for politicians in both the UK and USA, arguing that they have lowered the level of publicdebate for short-term gain; and he discusses how suchvshort-termism is preventing timely attempts to tackle despoliation of the global environment.
Hitler's piano player : the rise and fall of Ernst Hanfstaengl, confident of Hitler, ally of FDR
Beyond the Dependency Culture : people, power and responsibility in the 21st century
George Grosz and the communist party : art and radicalism in crisis, 1918 to 1936
Believe and destroy : intellectuals in the SS war machine
A defence of communism : in reply to A.J. Laski
The constitution of socialism : speech delivered at the extraordinary eighth Congress of Soviets of the U.S.S.R. November 29, 1936
Intercultural communication and ideology
The socialist state : its nature, aims, and conditions : being an introduction to the study of socialism
Marxism, past and present
The idea of communism. Volume 3, The Seoul Conference
America, empire of liberty : a new history
Have you ever wondered about the difference between Fundamentalism and Evangelicalism and which influenced the other? Do you know where Post-modernism stops and Post-structuralism begins? Would you like to?   From Platonism to New Historicism, humankind is constantly coming up with fresh schools of thought to help explain (or at least describe) the mysterious world around us. Here is the ultimate guide to over 450 of the most significant intellectual terms, movements, and religions that help shape the society we live in. Simply, concisely, and with personality, 'Isms and 'Ologies' clarifies buzz terms like "jihad," often defined as "holy war" but which literally means "striving";and illustrates the differences between Conservatism, Paleoconservatism, and Neoconservatism. It explains String Theory (which attempts to unify Quantum Mechanics and Einsteinian Relativity); describes Fauvism (an artistic movement that paved the way for Expressionism and Cubism); defines Locofocoism (an American political ideology named after a "self-lighting cigar)"; and identifies and explores so much more. Helpfully divided into categories-including politics, history, philosophy and the arts, economics, religion, science, and medicine-cross referenced, and thoroughly indexed, 'Isms and 'Ologies" is a must have for the budding intellectual in everyone.
Socialism in theory and practice
Political ideologies : (their origins and impact)
The square : a novel
The politics book
Mercury beats Minerva? : essays on the accelerating impact of market logic permeating higher education
What Marx really meant
Socialism and personal liberty
A short course of Stalinism
Fields, factories and workshops or industry combined with agriculture and brain work with manual work
The case for socialism
Why this socialism ?
The utilitarian response : the contemporary viability of utilitarian political philosophy
Revolutionary Marxism today
Japan's modern myths : ideology in the late Meiji period
The philosophy of peace
Fascism in the contemporary world : ideology, evolution, resurgence
The socialist tradition : Moses to Lenin
Marxism and ideology
The dominant ideology thesis
The political humanism of Hannah Arendt
Exploring more than 100 big ideas on topics as diverse as the rule of law, the extent of liberty, and the justification of warfare, [this book] takes you on a journey through the history of politics, from the influential theories of ancient Greece, Rome, and Asia to modern concepts voiced by today's brightest political thinkers..
Black earth : the holocaust as history and warning
Selected writings, 1920-1969
Rules without rulers : the possibilities and limits of anarchism
Abstract: "Parlamentarism" as the incarnation of "partiality".
Ideological changes in Europe in the 1990s : working report from Inter-European research symposium in Göteborg on May 8 - 9 1992
The sociology of Marx
From Asgard to Valhalla : the remarkable history of the Norse myths
Early Neo-Assyrian state ideology : relations of power in the inscriptions and iconography of Ashurnasirpal II (883-859) and Shalmaneser III (858-824)
Human love
Marx for today
Conservatism for our time
Political ideology in the modern world
Liberalism and the challenge of fascism : social forces in England and France (1815-1870)
Contemporary political ideologies : movements and regimes
The end of socialism : the reflections of a radical
The common sense of socialism
Ideology and utopia : an introduction to the sociology of knowledge
Marxist philosophy : a popular outline
Socialist register 1978
The end on ideology and utopia? : moral imagination and cultural criticism in the twentieth century : introduction
Stalin's curse : battling for communismn in war and cold war
Relativism and religion : why democratic societies do not need moral absolutes
introduction to political concepts
State composers and the red courtiers : music, ideology, and politics in the Soviet 1930s
Modern socialism : as set forth by socialists in their speeches, writings, and programmes
Our people : a tight-knit family under the same protective roof : a critical study of gendered conceptual metaphors at work in radical right populism
The revolution betrayed : what is the Soviet Union and where is it going?
Introduction to political ideologies
The hidden Civil War : the story of the Copperheads
Discourses of power : ideology and politics in Neo-Latin literature
Religion and ideology : a reader
The communist manifesto
Towards a theory of political art : cultural politics of 'Black Wave' film in Yugoslavia, 1963-1972
Putinism : Russia and its future with the West
Football politicized : CSKA Sofia as a tool for ideological hegemony in Socialist Bulgaria
There were eighty of them. They were young, clever and cultivated; they were barely in their thirties when Adolf Hitler came to power. Their university studies in law, economics, linguistics, philosophy and history marked them out for brilliant careers. They chose to join the repressive bodies of the Third Reich, especially the Security Service (SD) and the Nazi Party's elite protection unit, the SS. They theorized and planned the extermination of twenty million individuals of allegedly inferior races. Most of them became members of the paramilitary death squads known as Einsatzgruppen and participated in the slaughter of over a million people. Based on extensive archival research, Christian Ingrao tells the gripping story of these children of the Great War, focusing on the networks of fellow activists, academics and friends in which they moved, studying the way in which they envisaged war and the world of enemies which, in their view, threatened them. The mechanisms of their political commitment are revealed, and their roles in Nazism and mass murder. Thanks to this pioneering study, we can now understand how these men came to believe what they did, and how these beliefs became so destructive. The history of Nazism, shows Ingrao, is also a history of beliefs in which a powerful military machine was interwoven with personal experiences, fervour, anguish, utopia and cruelty.
This is not a ball game: A personal narrative on teaching ideologies
The conquest of bread
What is anarchism? : an introduction
A handbook of marxism
What is class consciousness?
Childrens films : history, ideology, pedagogy, theory
Dress and ideology : fashioning identity from antiquity to the present
Framing cosmologies : the anthropology of worlds
On power and ideology : the Managua lectures
Pan-Arabism from myth to ideology
The power of ideology
In defence of politics
The meaning of conservatism
The meaning of marxism
Against the terror of neoliberalism : politics beyond the age of greed
On utopian and scientific socialism : articles and speeches
Beliefs in society
Aiming for change : intentional communities and ideology in function
Revolution : yearbook of the American Society or Political and Legal Philosophy
The uses and abuses of history
In search of a postcategorical utopia : James Baldwin and the politics of 'race' and sexuality
The end of "isms"? : reflections on the fate of ideological politics after communism's collapse
How do the communists work?
Democracy, fascism and the new world order
American conservatism
The God that failed
Religion and ideology in Assyria
Inventing the individual : the origins of Western liberalism
Anarchism today
Did somebody say ideology? : on Slavoj Žižek and consequences
I for one welcome our plurilingual overlords : a critical discourse analysis of the values and ideologies connected with plurilingualism in the policy document From linguistic diversity to plurilingual education : guide for the development of language educacation policies in Europe
Unlearning with Hannah Arendt
Mr. Conservative: Barry Goldwater
Mathematical tools in a digital world
In search of a liberal Germany : studies in the history of German liberalism from 1789 to the present
British political ideologies
The return of ideology : the search for regime identities in postcommunist Russia and China
Ideology : an introduction
Capitalism, socialism and democracy ; with a new introduction by Joseph E. Stiglitz
Comparative federalism and federation : competing traditions and future directions
On the unity of the worker's and communist movement in the struggle for peace, democracy and socialism Zora transl
The international politics of sport in the twentieth century
Isms and ologies : all the movements, ideologies, and doctrines that have shaped our world
The simple case for socialism
The Soviet Union, Finland and the Cold War : the Finnish card in Soviet foreign policy, 1956-1959
Although communication is central to the humanities and social sciences, the inter-cultural level is often, peculiarly, left out of accounts. So what is intercultural communication? How does it relate to global processes and questions of identity? This comprehensive book examines the main features of intercultural communication. It critically examines the main positions in the field. It addresses intercultural communication within the context of global politics. It seeks to address the specific problems that derive from Western ideology and it sets out an agenda for research. The book investigates categories of cultural action and itemizes the machinery for the illumination of inter-cultural processes. Holliday shows how a dialogue between national structures and creative universal cultural skills can be carried on in new locations. He relates intercultural communication to the topics of multiculturalism, cosmopolitanism and globalization. The book addresses how ideology permeates inter-cultural processes and develops an alternative 'grammar' of culture. Insightful, bold and inspirational, the book is a landmark contribution to the field.
