http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p217 idealism (societal properties)
idealism (societal properties)
Religion in cultural imaginary : explorations in visual and material practices
Iron fists : branding the 20th-century totalitarian state
Global justice : liberation and socialism
Monumental intolerance : Jean Baffier, a nationalist sculptor in fin-de-siècle France
Canon vs. charisma : "Maoism" as an ideological construction
Fascism, architecture, and the claiming of modern Milan, 1922-1943
Utopianism : a very short introduction
The multivalent concept of the imaginary is utilized to capture the presence and diffusion of religious references, symbols, worldviews, and narratives in various media and social spheres, including politics, economics, art, and popular culture. Used to describe the reception and transformation of religious references through time and cultures, imaginary can be defined as a shared pool of mental images and material products, of ideas, symbols, values, and practices that sustain meaning-making processes and cohesion within a collective. Situated at the intersection of sociological, political-philosophical, and cultural studies approaches to religion, this interdisciplinary study offers an intense exchange between theoretical discussions of religion in cultural imaginaries and richly researched empirical analysis.
Edvard Gylling and the origins of Karelian fever
American political fictions : war on errorism in contemporary American literature, culture, and politics
The idea of the republic
The theatre of Aphra Behn
Restoration of the republic : the Jeffersonian ideal in 21st-century America
The world we want : how and why the ideals of the enlightenment still elude us
On the political
The germanophil university
"Fascism, Architecture, and the Claiming of Modern Milan, 1922-1943 chronicles the dramatic architectural and urban transformation of Milan during the nearly twenty years of fascist rule. The commercial and financial centre of Italy and the birthplace of fascism, Milan played a central role in constructing fascism's national image and identity as it advanced from a revolutionary movement to an established state power. Using a wide range of archival sources, Lucy M. Maulsby analyses the public buildings, from the relatively modest party headquarters to the grandiose Palace of Justice and the Palazzo del Popolo d'Italia, through which Mussolini intended to enhance the city's image and solidify fascism's presence in Milan. Maulsby establishes the extent to which Milan's economic structure, social composition, and cultural orientation affected Il Duce's plans for the city, demonstrating the influences on urban development that were beyond the control of the fascist regime. By placing Milan's urban change in its historic context, this book expands our understanding of the relationship between fascism and the modern city."--Publisher's website.
Associational life in Sweden : general welfare, social capital, training in democracy
