http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21794 recycled materials
recycled materials recyclates
Eco-friendly crafting with kids : 35 step-by-step projects for preschool kids and adults to create together
T-shirt yarn : projects to crochet and knit
"Upcycling is the process of transforming seemingly low-value objects into something desirable. Born out of this concept, Upcyclist selects designers and makers who have the imagination and skill to turn waste into exceptionally beautiful creations. From elegant chandeliers crafted from bicycle chains to handwoven rugs made from discarded clothing, these reincarnated works, in contrast to items that are new and mass-produced, preserve the essence of their previous lives whilst being entirely fresh and contemporary."
Design by use : the everyday metamorphosis of things
DIY Furniture : A Step by Step Guide
Eco deco : chic, ecological design using recycled materials
Abstract.
Overcoming the institutional obstacles of industrial recycling
Recycling textile and plastic waste
Upcycled accessories : 25 projects using repurposed plastic
Sustainable plastics : environmental assessments of biobased, biodegradable, and recycled plastics
Corrosivity of hot flue gases in the fluidized bed combustion of recovered waste wood
The shirt off his back : 30 projects for transforming everyday shirts into a range of home accessories
Metalwork jewelry : 35 step-by-step projects inspired by steampunk
Biodegradable nonwoven fabrics from recycled cardboard (English Summary)
GERMAN TEXTILE RECYCLING BENCHMARKING  Case I: CO
Collage for the soul : expressing hopes and dreams through art
A study on life cycle assessment of dental prosthesis
People's utility bicycle project
True vision : authentic art journaling
Crafty containers
Sew eco : sewing sustainable and re-used materials
In her latest jewelry book, Linda Peterson presents 35 stunning metalwork designs for necklaces, rings, bangles, earrings and more. Discover how to create easy pieces from using common materials found in your home and then move on to more advanced techniques with brass, copper and silver. These designs are inspired by the steampunk movement, a style that combines technology and romance - in essence, punk with a Victoriana feel. Think vintage watches, capturing the theme of time travel, combined with brass, copper, leather scraps and faded paper, for unusual jewelry that is elegant yet quirky. Each project has clear step-by-step photography to guide you, and a full techniques section explains all you need to know about working with metal, from hammering to metal texturing and finishing techniques, such as adding a patina to create an aged effect.
Details : How to design with architectural salvage and antiques
Disintegration of packaging material : an experimental study of approaches to lower energy consumption
The crafty minx : creative recycling and handmade treasures
Sustainable materials with both eyes open
Tinwork : Decorative tin craft projects for the home
Recycling study on metal coated PC/ABS plastic material
Make your own misfits : 35 unique and quirky sewn characters
Mosaics : the art of reuse : 45 inspired designs using unconventional materials
Astonishing art with recycled rubbish
Materials matter : toward a sustainable materials policy
Conversion of large scale wastes into value-added products
Second lives : remixing the ordinary
Upcycled chic and modern hacks : thrifty ways for stylish homes
Green guide for artists : nontoxic recipes, green art ideas, and resources for the eco-concious artist
Housing reclaimed : sustainable homes for next to nothing
Craft smart : recycling
Building from waste : recovered materials in architecture and construction
Junk for joy! : over 50 projects to inspire you to re-use and recycle
Journey of jerrycan : sustainable local product design development for SMEs designers : a case study from Kampala, Uganda
This study will discuss the recycling behaviour among students who live in student residences provided by the University of Abertay Dundee (UAD) in the city of Dundee, Scotland. Background to the topic is introduced with facts about the waste management procedures in Europe and in Scotland and the issues that arise from waste in order to explain the reader why this particular subject was thought to be important and thus why it was chosen. The questionnaire used in the survey will also be introduced as well as its design and the questions, in order to explain what exactly was wanted from the questionnaire. The relationship between habits in the past and future behaviour is observed, as well as the correlation between attitudes and intentions. The results and analysis from the questionnaire are discussed later on in the Results and Analysis section. Suggestions to future actions are also introduced as well as the conclusions.
Experimental Textiles : a journey through design, interpretation and inspiration
Energy anf Lifecycle-efficient Metal Processes : final report 5/2014
Refashioned bags : upcycle anything into high-style handbags
Sculpture and design with recycled glass
Jewellery Crafts
Jewelry upcycled! : techniques and projects for reusing metal, glass, plastic, fiber and found objects
Recraft : how to turn second-hand stuff into beautiful things for your home, family and friends
Applied plastics engineering handbook : processing and materials
Little green dresses : 50 original patterns for restyled dresses, tops, skirts, and more
Rags & remnants : learn the traditional art of ragwork in 25 step-by-step projects
Art and design : a comprehensive guide for creative artists
Materials for sustainable sites : a complete guide to the evaluation, selection, and use of sustainable construction materials
Rag rug creations : an exploration of colour and surface
Africa on the move : toys from West Africa = Une Afrique en mouvement : jouets de l'Afrique de l'Ouest = Afrika bewegt sich : spielzeug aus Westafrika
The big book of maker skills : tools & techniques for building great tech projects
Upcycled jewelry, bags, belts, and more : 35 beautiful projects made from recycled materials
Make It! : don't through it away - create something amazing
This thesis is the result of co-operation between Fastpap Oy, Räpina Paberivabrik AS and Tampere University of Applied Sciences. Work originated from Fastpap Oy and the target of this thesis work was to gain knowledge from the mill and the product in order to take the efficiency of the machine even further. Fastpap had delivered a comprehensive rebuild on the wet end of the machine. The results were good but the targeted production rate was not achieved. The old dryer section could not cope with the new capacity of the wet end. This thesis aims to collect all the information that helps to improve the efficiency of the dryer section. Couple of studies were already made to assess the current state of the machine. This work is a summary of those studies already made incorporating further machine concept and properties of the paperboard affecting to the drying efficiency.  The theoretical part of this thesis includes the operation principles of the conventional wire section. This was made to explain the origins of the two sidedness of the product. The drying section concept point of view was also included since the possible bottlenecks of the process would locate on this particular section. The experimental section of this thesis covered the analysis of the product. This analysis gave a vital information of the product to understand the drying process. Besides testing the basic properties of the paperboard, the air permeance and absorbency of the product were examined. Experimental drying simulation were also carried out. The results of the earlier studies from the machine concept point of view were included to gain comprehensive view from the process of this particular machine.  The results of the product analysis did not reveal any severe signs of the two sidedness of the paperweb affecting the drying process. Excluding the surface roughness of the paperboard, the results were quite uniform on the top and the wire side of the product. Some possible improvements on the machine concept point of view were discovered. Most of these discovered points of improvements were already covered in a way or another in the earlier studies. In addition, the assumed originating factors of these detected points were considered. This thesis gives a comprehensive idea of the operating process and the paperboard produced on site. These extensive results can be used as a tool for estimating the possible investments in the mill.
Vintage revised jewelry : 35 step-by-step projects inspired by lost, found and recycled treasures
Plastic packaging waste : Recycling & Waste Minimasation Working Group -workshop proceedings
Impact of waste-to-energy on the demand and supply relationships of recycled fibre
Eco deco : eco-friendly design ideas for the home
Upcycled jewelry, bags, belts and more : 35 beautiful projects made from recycled materials
Papermaking science and technology. Book 7, Recycled fibre and deinking
Guerilla furniture design : how to build lean, modern furniture with salvaged materials
The next efficiency revolution : creating a sustainable materials economy
Dozens of ways to repurpose scarves
Making mosaics with found objects
Utilisation of tube flow fractionation in fibre and particle analysis
Making things from odds and ends
Recycling behaviour among students who live in student residences
Logistics systems for recycling : on the influence of products, structures, relationships and power
Art of waste
500 kids art ideas : inspiring projects for fostering creativity and self-expression
Vintage fabric accessories : stylish creations from recycle fabrics
Upcyclist : reclaimed and remade furniture, lighting and interiors
Junk-box jewellery : 25 inspirational budget projects
Step-by-step 50 recycled crafts for kids
Trash to trend : using upcycling in fashion design
Recycled home : transform your home using salvaged materials
Make it! : don't throw it away - create something amazing!
Eco-friendly knits : using recycled plastic bags
Optimization of dryer section for recycled paperboard
10 minute Christmas crafts
Eco-crafts
Steampunk softies : scientifically minded dolls from the past that never was
Process : 50 product designs from concept to manufacture
Second stitches : recycle as you sew
Take the craft challenge and turn an ordinary scarf into an amazing and inventive something else. Fuel your creativity while freshening up your wardrobe and home by totally transforming scarves.
The big green book of recycled crafts
1000 ideas for creatice use : remake, restyle, recycle, renew
Weave, coil & plait Crafty Containers from recycled materials
Supermaterials : inspiring sustainable materials for the concept elevator car of the 2020
Eco books : inventive projects from the recycling bin
Re-bound : creating handmade books from recycled and repurposed materials
A study in eco- and trash design
Utilization of recycled mineral wool as filler in wood plastic composites
Dry recyclable materials and their value creation potential
Fantastic recycled plastic : 30 clever creations to spark your imagination
Love Earth : 100 eco ideas + 100 eco designs
Puppet play : 20 puppet projects made with recycled mittens, towels, socks, and more!
Reclaiming style : using salvaged materials to create an elegant home
A story of 100 feeders
Green crafts for children : 35 step-by-step projects using natural, recycled and found materials
Disintegration of packaging material:an experimental study of approaches to lower energy consumption
Homemade Modern : Smart DIY Designs for a Stylish Home
