http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21770 raw food
raw food
Eating for beauty : for women & men
Food culture and health in pre-modern Islamic societies
Catering for health
Eat raw, eat well : 400 raw, vegan & gluten-free recipes
Cooking essentials for the new professional chef
Modernist cuisine : the art and science of cooking. Volume 6, Kitchen Manual
No-bake baking : easy, oven-free cakes & treats
Balanced raw : combine raw and cooked foods for optimal health, weight loss, and vitality burst : a four-week program
Nourish : vibrant salads to relish & refresh
Eating for beauty
A history of food
The revenge of Gaia : why the earth is fighting back - and how we can still save humanity
No-bake cakes & treats : delectable sweets without turning on the oven
Green for life : the updated classic on green smoothie nutrition
Integrating agriculture, medicine and food for future health
Modernist cuisine : the art and science of cooking
Crazy sexy diet : eat your veggies, ignite your spark, and live like you mean it!
The simply raw kitchen : plant-powered, gluten-free, and mostly raw recipes for healthy living
Modernist cuisine : the art and science of cooking. Volume 4, Ingredients and Preparations
The blender girl : super-easy, super-healthy meals, snacks, desserts &​ drinks
The raw food diet : the healthy way to get the shape you want
Raw food detox for health & vitality : includes an energizing 5-day plan to kick start a healthier you
"The must-have book for FullyRaw fans or anyone who wants to explore a raw-foods vegan diet to lose weight, gain energy, and improve overall health and wellness   The Fully Raw Diet offers a 21-day plan to help people enjoy a clean, plant-based, healthful approach to eating. Kristina Carrillo-Bucaram transformed her own health by eating vegetables, fruits, nuts, and seeds--100% fresh, raw, and ripe--and she is now the vivacious, uber-healthy founder of the FullyRaw brand. Her ten-year success with this lifestyle inspires thousands via social media, and her 21-day FullyRaw Video Challenge on YouTube in 2014 dramatically grew her fan base. This book shares her advice and will correspond to a new video challenge, with meal and exercise tips, recipes, and vivid photos. Fans will love the smoothies, salads, main dishes, and desserts, such as Lemon-Ginger Blast, Spicy Mango Basil Salad, Yellow Squash Fettuccine Alfredo, Melon Pops, and Caramel-Apple Cups"--
The 80/10/10 diet : balancing your health, your weight, and your life one luscious bite at a time
The fully raw diet : 21 days to better health with meal and exercise plans, tips, and 75 recipes
Modernist cuisine : the art and science of cooking. Volume 2, Techniques and Equipment
Practically raw : flexible raw recipes anyone can make
Easy sexy raw : 130 raw food recipes, tools, and tips to make you feel gorgeous and satisfied
Raw, vegan, not gross : all vegan and mostly raw recipes for people who love to eat
Raw : recipes for a modern vegetarian lifestyle
Give your dog a bone : the practical commonsense way to feed dogs for a long healthy life
Technology and products
Growing pig performance : effects of dietary fibre, the halothane gene, transportation and mixing
Featuring 75 healthy and delicious recipes, Raw introduces readers to the new look of vegetarian and raw food. Divided into five chapters – breakfast, snacks, light lunches, main dishes, and sweet treats – readers can expect bright, fresh flavours with recipes like Green smoothie, Pistachio and kale hummus, Quinoa pizza, and vegan Vanilla ice cream. All the recipes are vegetarian and many are raw and vegan. After each chapter of recipes there is a seasonal recipe and activity section, which explores some wider lifestyle elements of living healthily, for example growing vegetables in small spaces, dying cloth with turmeric in summer, picking wild berries in fall, and making holiday gifts in winter.
Whether you already love vegan food or need some convincing, YouTube star Laura Miller offers more than a hundred entirely vegan and mostly raw recipes for all people who want to eat deliciously. Raw. Vegan. Not Gross. is the debut cookbook from YouTube's Tastemade star Laura Miller. A soon to be modern classic, Raw. Vegan. Not Gross. will engage your taste buds with strengthening breakfasts (coconut kale smoothies; strawberry chia pudding), easy weeknight dinners (black bean and squash blossom tacos; kale pesto with noodles), crowd-pleasing party food (spicy watermelon gazpacho; buffalo cauliflower bites), irresistible drinks & desserts (lavender turmeric milk; chile chocolate truffles), and many more nutritious, satisfying dishes that are as beautiful and fun to make as they are healthful. Eschewing a strict or dogmatic approach to raw veganism, Laura's self-deprecating humor, candor about issues of food and body-image, and infectious enthusiasm make her the ideal guide and travel companion for people who want to fall back in love with produce or simply celebrate the joy of real, good food.
Modernist cuisine : the art and science of cooking. Volume 3, Animals and Plants
Paleo all-in-one for dummies®
Modernist cuisine : the art and science of cooking. Volume 5, Plated-Dish Recipes
Give your dog a bone : the practical commonsense way to feed dogs for a long, healthy life
Living foods for optimum health : your complete guide to the healing power of raw foods
Total nutrition : feeding animals for health and growth
A healthy you : boost your energy, live cleaner, and look and feel younger every day
The fresh vegan kitchen : delicious recipes for the vegan and raw kitchen
Raw food French style : 115 fresh recipes from the new generation of French chefs
