http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21784 holiday homes
holiday homes recreation homes
Ryokan vs finnish cottage : case study of traditional Japanese accommondation and finnish cottage accommondation
Contemporary tourist experience : concepts and consequences
Swimming home
Second home tourism in Finland : perceptions of citizens and municipalities on the state and development of second home tourism
Northern delights : Scandinavian homes, interiors and design
Suomen tilastollinen vuosikirja 2003 = Statistisk årsbok för Finland 2003 = Statistical yearbook of Finland 2003.. 2003 : 98. vuosikerta = årgång 98 = volume 98
Rock the shack : the architecture of cabins, cocoons and hide-outs
Villa Mairea : a Rax Rinnekangas film
To the lighthouse
Tourism and the lodging sector
Second home tourism in Europe : lifestyle issues and policy responses
Cabin porn : inspiration for your quiet place somewhere
Life in the woods. Creative cabin architecture. Ever since Henry David Thoreau's described his two years, two months, and two days of cabin existence at Walden Pond, Massachusetts in Walden or, Life in the Woods (1854), the idea of a refuge dwelling has seduced the modern psyche. In the past decade, as our material existence and environmental footprint has grown exponentially, architects around the globe have become particularly interested in the possibilities of the minimal, low-impact, and isolated abode. This new TASCHEN title, combining insightful text, rich photography and bright, contemporary illustrations by Marie-Laurc Cruschi, explores how this particular architectural type presents special opportunities for creative thinking. In eschewing excess, the cabin limits actual spatial intrusion to the bare essentials of living requirements, while in responding to its typically rustic setting, it foregrounds eco-friendly solutions. As such, the cabin comes to showcase some of the most inventive and forward-looking practice of contemporary architecture, with Renzo Piano, Terunobu Fujimori, Tom Kundig and many fresh young professionals all embracing such distilled sanctuary spaces. The cabins selected for this publication emphasize the variety of the genre, both in terms of usage and geography. From an artist studio on the Suffolk coast in England to eco-home huts in the Western Ghats region of India, this survey is as exciting in its international reach as it is in its array of briefs, clients, and situations. Constant throughout, however, is architectural innovation, and an inspiring sense of contemplation and coexistence as people return to nature and to a less destructive model of being in the world.
Second homes and summer cottages in Finland
Moduli 225 : a gem of modern architecture
Hideaways
Abstract.
The thesis was carried out at North Karelia University of Applied Sciences in 2008 and 2009. The focus of the paper is on the real estate in Finland bought by Russians for recreational use. The topic is extremely relevant, as Finland has become a popular holiday destination people from North-West Russia. The aim was to better understand the needs and preferences of Russian consumers buying property in Finland. The whole thesis culminates in the question of how to be able to serve these customers better.The study was qualitative by nature. In the beginning secondary information such as newspaper articles helped to create the foundation for the survey. For primary data six interviews were carried out. Two experts in the real estate field were interviewed in order to get a wide view on the topic. Four interviews of Russian people with a holiday home in Finland helped to deepen the understanding. The most important findings of the thesis were that the buying process of the Russian customers should be facilitated by the real estate agent or constructor as much as possible. This can be done by offering a complete set of services. This set of services includes brochures in Russia, house models, interior design, housing management, assistance in financing and after sales actions.
Affluence, mobility, and second home ownership
Timeshare management: the key issues for hospitality managers
Sammanfattning (summary in swedish).
Second home tourism : the root to displacement in Sweden
Portable houses
Hiljaisuuden talo : vapaa-ajan asunto, Pohjois-Kymenlaakso = House of silence : holliday home
Whose place in the sun? : residential tourism and its implications for equitable and sustainable development in Guanacaste, Costa Rica
Timeshare resort operations : a guide to management practice
The dacha kingdom : summer dwellers and dwellings in the Baltic area
A home for leisure
Living in the forest : meanings and use of recreational residences
The Architectural record book of vacation houses
Summary.
The cabin in the woods : the official movie novelization
Nordic tourism : issues and cases
At the water's edge : summer escapes for easy living
Finnish summer houses
There are original facilities or accommodations to stay in vacation in each country. Japanese stay at ryokan, Finnish stay at cottage. The purpose of this study was to explore background, similarities and differences between ryokan and Finnish cottage and to consider the possibility to open ryokan in Finland or Finnish cottage in Japan. The data was collected from a survey of 66 members (Japanese, Finnish and international people) and qualitative data. The qualitative data consists of interviews, observation in accommodations, and literature. The data was analyzed using respondents' answers, opinions from survey and interviews, and observation in qualitative data. The majority of respondents stated that they do not have experience in staying at ryokan or Finnish cottage because they did not have a chance to visit there during the short stays in the country, and also because of the poor advertising. On one hand, they are interested in different culture and new things, but on the other hand, they keep their own culture or customs. The findings indicate that it is hard to bring identical things as-is in each other's country because of difference of background and land in countries. However, it is possible to bring them by assimilating and fitting both cultures to take into account different particularities of the countries. Key words: Leisure, hospitality, different culture, accommodation, Finnish cottage, ryokan (traditional Japanese accommodation)
Peace and quiet beyond the border : the trans-border mobility of Russian second home owners in Finland
Tourism, mobility and second homes : between elite landscape and common ground
The world of private islands
Russian consumers in the Finnish real estate markets: The buying process and product concept
Resorts ̀ second home tourism and regional development : a viewpoint of a Northern periphery
Sri Lanka style : tropical design and architecture
Finnish Customer Expectations in Senior Residences on Costa del Sol, Spain : Case: Villa Aurora Company
150 best cottage and cabin ideas
Staged - a stage to dwell
Self-designed wastewater treeatment system for domestic wastewater : wastewater treatment in areas outside sewer network in Kokkola
A home away from home : ResidenSea introduces luxury living on ship
My cool shed : an inspirational guide to stylish hideaways and workspaces
Second homes for dummies
Health, well-being and second homes : an outline of current research and policy challenges
Retreats : handmade hideways to refresh the spirit
Scandinavian country
Beach huts and bathing machines
Small log homes : storybook plans & advice
