http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21728 halls (rooms)
halls (rooms)
Maintenance manual Scandia OT340
Salish languages and linguistics : theoretical and descriptive perspectives
Creating customer loyalty from customer satisfaction : case: Sport & Fitness Centre Fressi, Leppävaara
The big book of interiors : Design ideas for every room
Effects of workplace physical exercise intervention on the physical perceived and measured physical functioning among office workers : a cluster randomized controlled cross-over design
Music, acoustics & architecture
Strength training : the complete step-by-step guide to a stronger, sculpted body
Use of radiation in operating theatres in Finland
House of Blues : a backstage pass to the artists, music & legends
An investigation of the impact of operating room occupational hazards on intraoperative nurses
Customer Satisfaction Survey for Actilife Fitness Center
Concert hall acoustics assessment with sensory evaluation methods
Innovative techniques for large-group instruction : an NSTA Press journals collection
Celebrating its 20th anniversary, the House of Blues is an institution in music history. Since opening its doors in 1992 in a converted historical house in Cambridge, Massachusetts, it has been home to live music, original folk art, and delta-inspired cuisine. Today, House of Blues boasts thirteen unique venues across the country, with its headquarters in Los Angeles, California. Countless famous musicians have performed on those stages, from the Blues Brothers, Bootsy Collins, Al Green, and Eric Clapton, to Lenny Kravitz, 50 Cent, and Snoop Dogg. Concertgoers, music fans, and pop culture junkies alike will dig this illustrated account of the story behind the music. Chapters explore the venues, musicians, performances, and food, providing readers with a backstage pass to everything House of Blues. Personal interviews with company founders and famous musicians tell the story, revealing behind the scenes details and outrageous party anecdotes. Vivid photography showcases iconic performers on stage as well as in private moments in dressing rooms. Tucked among the pages are concert memorabilia, including special reproductions of tickets, posters, etc.
Theatres and concert halls: construction and design manual
Brainwashed
Multidimensional perception of concert hall acoustics : studies with the loudspeaker orchestra
Concert lighting : techniques, art, and business
Managing multigenerational workforce : how to bridge the generation gaps?
JFK - avoin tapaus : director's cut
Acoustics and the performance of music
Building strength & stamina
Modern gym fitness : the complete course
Annales Academiae scientiarum Fennicae. Mathematica Dissertationes
Vibration performance of glued stressed skin LVL element
Live sound reinforcement : a comprehensive guide to p.a. and music reinforcement systems and technology
Nordic statistical yearbook
The radiation know-how of the operating theatre staff in Finland
The acoustics of performance halls : spaces for music from Carnegie Hall to the Hollywood Bowl
Indoor soccer : tactics, techniques & teamwork
The good wife. Tuotantokausi 6
Theatres and concert halls
Concert and opera halls : how they sound
Instrumentation for the operating room : a photographic manual
Measuring and increasing the operational efficiency of the elective surgical treatment process
Concert halls and opera houses : music, acoustics, and architecture
The judge
To kill a mockingbird
Dangerous consumer services
The good wife. Tuotantokausi 5
A virtual symphony orchestra for studies on concert hall acoustics
Finnish Music Quarterly 2000:2 : Enfant terrible and Sunday child Uuno Klami at 100
What Alice forgot
Sculpting her body perfect
Yearbook of population research in Finland
Culture and Congress Venues in Finland
Customer satisfaction survey for Actilife Fitness Center
Symeon the holy fool : Leontius's Life and the late antique city
Berry & Kohn's operating room technique
Muscle mechanics
Strength training  : the complete step-by-step guide to a stronger, sculpted body
Personal trainer's handbook
Fitness management : a comprehensive resource for developing, leading, managing, and operating a successful health/fitness club
Yearbook of Finnish foreign policy
Business plan for RoBo Gym : establishment of a new company and creating a competitive advantage
Nature
Abstract.
The good wife. Tuotantokausi 7
Gymnastics safety manual : The official manual of the United States gymnastics safety association
Murder one. Case 2
Buildings for music : the architect, the musician, and the listener from the 17th century to the present day
Erin brockovich
Marketing plan for Kuntokeskus Verde Oy
Case study: adaptation of a marketing plan in "Salute", a Greek private fitness club
Perioperative nursing handbook
Murder one. Case 1
German market analysis for cholesterol monitor
Cuts : fitness for men : the ultimate 30-minute workout
Finnish Music Quarterly 1994:2
Intrapreneurship in municipal service unit : a system theory approach
Operating theatre technique : a textbook for nurses, technicians, medical students, house surgeons and others associated with the operating theatre
