http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21799 aquatic plants
aquatic plants
Marine botany
Salinity and water stress : improving crop efficiency
The response of watercress (Nasturtium officinale L.) to salinity has been scarcely addressed in literature despite its growing importance in the baby-leaf market and its wide cultivation in salt-affected agricultural regions. This work evaluates the effect of salinity (2.5, 5 and 10 dS m-1) on productive and quality features of watercress compared with another crop widely cultivated for the baby-leaf sector (lettuce, Lactuca sativa). In watercress, a linear relationship (R2=0.75) was observed between yield decrease and Cl- accumulation in leaves, whereas yield was not affected by salinity in lettuce. NaCl application increased Na+ accumulation at the expense of Ca2+ uptake in the leaf tissues of both crops, but also of K+ in watercress. Health-related features were improved by salinity (e.g. increased phenolics and reduced nitrates), especially in watercress, with limited sensorial quality evaluation effects..
Energy : the basics
How to grow fruits, vegetables & houseplants without soil : the secrets of hydroponic gardening revealed
Deterioration of atlantic soft-water systems and their flora : a historical account
Guidebook for determining the lithological composition of surface deposits and depth of occurrence of ground waters
Aquatic plants in Britain and Ireland
Spatial and temporal representativeness of water monitoring efforts in the Baltic Sea coast of SW Finland
Stream plant chemistry as indicator of acid sulphate soils in Sweden
Light and photosynthesis in aquatic ecosystems
Proceedings of the VIIIth International Workshop on Sap Flow : Volterra, Italy May 8-12, 2011
Rivers and riverine woodlands : calm waters and their shady banks
Aquatic weeds 2009 : proceedings of the 12th European Weed Research Society Symposium, August 24-28, 2009, Jyväskylä, Finland
Soil-plant relationships : an ecological approach
Seed Moisture : proceedings of a symposium sponsored by Divisions C-4 and C-2 of the Crop Science Society of America in Atlanta, Georgia, 30 Nov. 1987
Herbivory on willows : abiotic constraints and trophic interactions
FAO field project reports on aquaculture : indexed bibliography, 1966-1995
Lake studies in eastern Finnish Lapland. 2: aquatic flora: Musci and Hepaticae
On the ecology of cold-water phytoplankton in the Baltic Sea
The long-term response of submerged plants in the hard-water lake, Säynäjälampi, to the bomb-radiocarbon injection
Lake studies in eastern Finnish Lapland. 1: aquatic flora: Phanerogams and Charales
Seagrass meadows : flowering plants in the Mediterranean Sea
Shoot hydraulic conductance and stomatal conductance of six temperate deciduous tree species
Proceedings of the International Symposium on Vegetable Production, Quality and Process Standardization in Chain : a Worldwide Perspective, Beijing, China, October 14-17, 2008
The Royal Horticultural Society encyclopedia of plants and flowers
Vegetace České republiky = Vegetation of the Czech Republic. 3, Vodní a mokřadní vegetace = aquatic and wetland vegetation
Physical aspects of soil water salts in ecosystems
Effects of P level in nutrient solution and the colonization of roots by arbuscular mycorrhizal fungi (AMF) on P uptake by tomato plants, their nutritional status, yield and quality of fruits were studied. Plants were grown on rockwool or coconut coir. Inoculation by a mixture of several AMF species was performed three times during the growing period. The mycorrhizal frequency in roots inoculated with AMF amounted to 35.79 - 50.82%. The highest level of mycorrhiza was found in plants receiving nutrient solution with a lower concentration of P. Among the experimental factors, only P level influenced the fruit yield, being higher from plants receiving a nutrient solution with a higher P level. A higher concentration of P in nutrient solution imposed better nutritional status of plants. Higher contents of ascorbic acid and total soluble sugars were found in fruits collected from inoculated plants, grown on rockwool.
Collins guide to tropical plants
The Aquatic flora and vegetation of lake Kevojärvi
Natural biostimulants reduce the incidence of BER in sweet yellow pepper plants (Capsicum annuum L.)
A physical analysis of sap flow dynamics in trees
Water gardens : a practical step-by-step guide
Harmful aquatic plants in Africa and Madagascar
Modern greenhouse pepper production should evolve towards more sustainable systems. The growing technique which combines soilless culture and biostimulants may reduce nutrient and water use with beneficial impact on the environment. Therefore, this work aimed to investigate effects of biostimulants application on hydroponically produced pepper plants (Capsicum annuum L.) in conditions of reduced fertilization. Positive influence of biostimulant treatment on yield parameters was observed along with significant decrease in incidence of blossom-end rot (BER) in two pepper cultivars. Biostimulants application resulted in overall increase in macro- and microelement content in fruits of treated pepper cultivars. Generally, biostimulants improved the yield of pepper plants grown hydroponically by increasing the nutrient uptake and decreasing the occurrence of BER. Thus, the application of biostimulants could be considered as a good production strategy for obtaining high yields of nutritionally valuable vegetables with lower impact on the environment.
Water dynamics in plant production
Water in a small garden
Soil management and crop water supply
Perspectives on variation in species richness : area, energy and habitat heterogeneity
Seawater pH as a controlling factor in macroalgal calcification and photosynthesis
Seasonal responses of photosynthesis and growth of a bioenergy crop (Phalaris arundinacea L.) to climatic change under varying water regimes
Principles of soil and plant water relations
Water use efficiency in plant biology
Plant-water relationships in arid and semi-arid conditions : reviews of research
Efficient soil water use : the key to sustainable crop production in the dry areas of West Asia, and North and Sub-Saharan Africa : proceedings of the workshops organized by the Optimizing Soil Water Use Consortium, Niamey, Niger, April 26-30, 1998, Amman, Jordan, May 9-13, 1999
Seasonal response of biomass growth and allocation of a boreal bioenergy crop (Phalaris arundinacea L.) to climate change
Use of algae and aquatic macrophytes as feed in small-scale aquaculture : a review
Predicting species richness of wood-inhabiting fungi, epiphytic bryophytes and lichens based on stand structure and indicator species
Abatement costs for agricultural nitrogen and phosphorus loads : a case study of crop farming in south-western Finland
Irrigation in Central Asia in figures : AQUASTAT survey-2012
Biofuels, solar and wind as renewable energy systems : benefits and risks
Water relations of plants and soils
Ecology of the planted aquarium : a practical manual and scientific treatise for the home aquarist
Traditional in situ surface water sampling produces accurate information on water chemistry and biology. Such sampling is conducted primarily as part of water quality monitoring programmes. If sufficiently consistent, the once collected water quality data could also provide valuable resources for subsequent use in scientific research and long-term monitoring. We examined the spatial and temporal coherence of the archived data resources stored in the environmental information system of the Finnish Environmental Administration (the Hertta-PIVET register). We used phytoplankton chlorophyll-a and primary productivity data collected during 1971-2006 as sample resources for environmental studies on the highly fragmented SW coast of Finland (Northern Baltic Sea). 733 sampling stations were categorized according to the total number of sampling days, the consistence of sampling, the number of representative years and the continuity of sampling. Considerable spatial and temporal inconsistencies were observed, making the accumulated data resources rather unsuitable for many types of environmental studies. Synchronization of sampling activities could improve the representativeness of spatial and temporal coverage of regional sampling. Strategic planning of sampling is required to achieve more concerted data generation activities and to facilitate long-term spatially representative analyses.
Water dynamics in plant production / Wilfried Ehlers and Michael Goss
Aquatic vegetation of lake Mantojärvi in Inari Lapland, Finland
Aerial photography and digital image analysis as a method for mapping macrophytes in shallow soft-bottom lagoons in the Åland archipelago
Lake Vesijärvi : daughter of the Salpausselkä ridges
Flora of Pakistan. 201, Callitrichaceae
Transport processes in wood
Growth and reproductive strategies of freshwater phytoplankton
Special requirements of aquaponics in Finland
Population genetic structure and phylogeography of invasive aquatic weed, Elodea canadensis (Hydrocharitaceae) and comparative analyses with E. nuttallii
Biodegradation studies of recycled vegetable oils, surface-active agents, and condensing wastewaters
Linking water and carbon cycles : modeling latent heat exchange and dissolved organic carbon
Stream ecology : structure and function of running waters
Enviromental requirements of fresh-water plankton algae
Mapping the spatial distribution of geomorphological processes in the Okstindan area of northern Norway, using Geomorphic Process Units as derived from remote sensing and ground survey
Climatic sensitivity of hydrology and carbon exchanges in boreal peatland ecosystems, with implications on sustainable management of reed canary grass (Phalaris arundinacea, L.) on cutaway peatlands
This technical paper presents a global review on the use of aquatic macrophytes as feed for farmed fish, with particular reference to their current and potential use by small-scale farmers. The review is organized under four major divisions of aquatic macrophytes: algae, floating macrophytes, submerged macrophytes and emergent macrophytes. Under floating macrophytes, Azolla, duckweeds and water hyacinths are discussed separately; the remaining floating macrophytes are grouped together and are reviewed as 'other floating macrophytes'. The review covers aspects concerned with the production and/or cultivation techniques and use of the macrophytes in their fresh and/or processed state as feed for farmed fish. Efficiency of feeding is evaluated by presenting data on growth, food conversion and digestibility of target fish species. Results of laboratory and field trials and on-farm utilization of macrophytes by farmed fish species are presented. The paper provides information on the different processing methods employed (including composting and fermentation) and results obtained to date with different species throughout the world with particular reference to Asia. Finally, it gives information on the proximate and chemical composition of most commonly occurring macrophytes, their classification and their geographical distribution and environmental requirements
Carbon stocks, greenhouse gas emissions and water balance of Sudanese savannah woodlands in relation to climate change
Subterranean waters : hidden biodiversity
Aquatic macrophytes in status assessment and monitoring of boreal lakes
Arctic ecosystems in a changing climate : an ecophysiological perspective
Plant-water relationships in arid and semi-arid conditions : proceedings of the Madrid symposium
The arctic region is predicted to experience the earliest and most pronounced global warming response to human-induced climatic change. This book synthesizes information on the physiological ecology of arctic plants, discusses how physiological processes influence ecosystem processes, and explores how climate warming will affect arctic plants, plant communities, and ecosystem processes. It reviews the physiological ecology of arctic plants. It explores biotic controls over community and ecosystems processes. It provides physiological bases for predicting how the Arctic will respond to global climate change.
Patterns of aquatic macrophytes in the boreal region : implications for spatial scale issues and ecological assessment
Sand and water culture methods used in the study of plant nutrition
Land use, geomorphology and climate as environmental determinants of emergent aquatic macrophytes in boreal catchments
The role of two aquaporins in plant water relations
The plant in relation to water
Splash! : rock and water design in gardens
Temporal changes in the composition of macrophyte communities and environmental factors governing the distribution of aquatic plants in an unregulated lowland river (Emajõgi, Estonia)
Holocene aquatic ecosystem change in the boreal vegetation zone of northern Finland
CRC handbook of plant science in agriculture. Vol. 2
Acute toxicity of two herbicides, glyphosate and 2,4-D, to Selenastrum capricornutum Printz (Chlorophyta)
Patterns of aquatic macrophytes in the boreal region: implications for spatial scale issues and ecological assessment
The genus Utricularia : a taxonomic monograph
Physiological plant ecology : ecophysiology and stress physiology of functional groups
Effect of mycorrhiza and phosphorus content in nutrient solution on the yield and nutritional status of tomato plants grown  on rockwool or coconut coir
Measuring the water status of plants and soils
Adaptation of plants to water and high temperature stress
Evaluation of green plants and by-products from the Mekong delta with emphasis on fibre utilisation by pigs
Root adaptation and ion selectivity affects the nutritional value of salt-stressed hydroponically grown baby-leaf Nasturtium officinale and Lactuca sativa
Plants of Alberta : trees, shrubs, wildflowers, ferns, aquatic plants & grasses
Biodiversity and ecosystem functioning in angiosperm communities in the Baltic Sea
Hydrobotanical methods
