http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21755 third countries
third countries
The social economy : building inclusive economies
Promoting nonprofit organizations : a reputation management approach
The Third Reich : politics and propaganda
Between integration and exclusion : impacts of globalization in Mozambique, Nepal, Tanzania and Vietnam
Hitler's hangman : the life and death of Reinhard Heydrich
EU law of the overseas : outermost regions, associated overseas countries and territories, territories sui generis
The emergence of social enterprise
The other path : the invisible revolution in the Third World
Contribution of livestock to food production in developing countries
Poland in the modern world : beyond martyrdom
This book looks both backward and forward with regard to the European Union's political strategies towards its neighbouring countries. By bringing together the perspectives of critical geopolitics, policy studies and border studies, it presents a comprehensive review of the European Neighbourhood Policy and how it impacts the ongoing construction of the EU's external frontiers. Is the EU committed to promoting integration in a 'wider' European space, or is a "fortress Europe" emerging where the strengthening of internal cohesion is coupled with the militarisation of its external borders? The book aims to problematize this question by showing how the EU's external policies are based on a mixture of openness and closure, inclusion and exclusion, cooperation and securitisation. The European Neighbourhood Policy is a controversial strategy where regionalization and bordering, homogenisations and differentiations, centrifugal and centripetal forces proceed side-by-side, in an explicit attempt to construct a selective, mobile and fragmented border. A specific focus is devoted to the diversity of geo-strategies the EU is pursuing in its neighbouring countries and regions, macro-regional strategies and cross-border cooperation initiatives as new scales of cooperation, and the role of other global players.
Multinational enterprises and human rights : obligations under EU law and international law
Citizenship in Nordic welfare states : dynamics of choice, duties and participation in a changing Europe
The doomsday testament
Understand Nazi Germany
Adolf. The half-Aryan
The long-term residence status as a subsidiary form of EU citizenship : an analysis of directive 2003/109
The European Union and the Third World
Hitler and the Nazis
The new actors of employment : synthesis of the pilot action "Third system and employment" : for a better understanding of employment at local level (1997-2000)
Discrimination of third-country nationals in European family reunification processes
EU external relations and systems of governance : the CFSP, Euro-Mediterranean partnership and migration
Economic, social and cultural rights : a textbook
Tom Clancy's EndWar : PlayStation 3
Forum for development studies
The EU's neighbouring economies : emerging from the global crisis
Legal migration to the European Union
Adolf. 1945 and all that remains
The Penguin historical atlas of the Third Reich
Ein Volk, ein Reich: nine lives under the Nazis
Sisällysluettelo: 1. Hitler as leader of "party, state, and armed forces" -- Character and talent -- From popular leader to gambler with destiny -- Hitler's foreign policy during the war -- Hitler the soldier -- The leader state : chaos in leadership -- The Führer's will and the will of the people -- pt. 2. Scenes from Hitler's life -- Postscript.
Adolf. An exile in Japan
What we knew : terror, mass murder and everyday life in Nazi Germany: an oral history
Investor-state arbitration under fire : implications of Finland's bilateral investment treaties
Dimensions of citizen participation : the comparative study of the Nordic village action associations
Neighbourhood policy and the construction of the European external borders
The politics of sustainable development : theory, policy and practice within the European Union
The consolidated asylum and migration acquis : the EU directives in an expanded Europe
UEFA's homegrown player rule in the light of EU law
The coming of the Third Reich
Foreign direct investments as free movement of capital or freedom of establishment
The Third Reich at war : how the Nazis led Germany from conquest to disaster
After the end
Blitzed : drugs in Nazi Germany
Hitler & tuhon tie
The rise and fall of the Third Reich : a history of Nazi Germany
Private schooling in less economically developed countries : Asian and African perspectives
Free movement of capital to third countries : just an illusion?
Grey Wolf : the escape of Adolf Hitler
Collaboration between non-governmental organizations and educational leaders in capacity development in rural South Africa
The century of warfare. Volume 8, Normandy to the Rhine - the western front: 1942-1945 ; The end in Europe - eastern and western fronts: 1945.
EU External Relations Law
The Nazis presented themselves as warriors against moral degeneracy. Yet, as Norman Ohler's reveals, the entire Third Reich was permeated with drugs: cocaine, heroin, morphine and, most of all, methamphetamines, or crystal meth, used by everyone from factory workers to housewives, and crucial to troops' resilience - even partly explaining German victory in 1940.
Dilemmas of the welfare mix : the new structure of welfare in an era of privatization
Europe and the Third World : from colonisation to decolonisation c. 1500-1998
Beyond the thin red lines : entering the territory of the European Union
Frauen : German women recall the Third Reich
Basic education for all : a global concern for quality : report from the 1999 NASEDEC conference
Hitler's last day : minute by minute
The rape of Europa : the fate of Europe's treasures in the Third Reich and the Second World War
Summary.
Last talons of the eagle : secret Nazi technology which could have changed the course of World War II
Demography, economy and welfare
Karl Doenitz and the last days of the third reich
Banned and persecuted : dictatorship of art under Hitler
Goering : Hitler's Iron Knight
Mixed agreements revisited : the EU and its member states in the world
Strategies for human development : global poverty and unemployment
EU criminal law cooperation before and after the Lisbon Treaty : aspects and comments especially in relation to the Norwegian position
Hitler's forgotten children : my life inside the Lebensborn
The cooperative, mutual and non-profit sectors in the European Union
Includes bibliographical references (p.273-306) and index.
Ein Volk, ein Reich : nine lives under the nazis
The 6. Deaf History International Conference took place in Berlin from July 31 to August 4, 2006. It focused on how the European tragedy impacted Deaf People during the Second World War and particulary on the overarching theme of "Overcoming the past, determining its consequences and finding solutions for the present." The event was organized by the staff of the 6. Deaf History International (DHI) consisting mostly of members of the Interessensgemeinschaft Gehörloser jüdischer Abstammung in Deutschland (IGJAD, Association of the Deaf of Jewish Ancestry in Germany), in cooperation with the department of sign language education at Humboldt University, Berlin. These proceedings contain the most important findings from the Conference, written from a global perspective and illustrated with photos, with the aim of elucidating the history of the Deaf and associated complications, and how it was affected by contemporary events. The authors are researchers and experts in their respective fields. Several Deaf Jewish survivors, participants in Conference Panels, gave first-hand accounts of their World War II and Holocaust experiences. A selection of visual material from the exhibition is reproduced here as well. This publication is intended for all those interested in this long-neglected subject, and especially Deaf historians, Holocaust researchers, sociologists, geneticists, as well as educators and sign language researchers, in Germany and elsewhere. It offers a diverse range of interdisciplinary and interrelated insights.
Adolf. Days of infamy
The Bolsheviks and the world war : the origin of the third international
Europe's near abroad : promises and prospects of the EU's neighbourhood policy
The external dimension of EC private international law in family and succession matters
Social economy - north and south
Overcoming the past, determining its consequences and finding solutions for the present. A contribution for deaf studies and sign language education : Proceedings of the 6th Deaf History International Conference July 31 - August 04, 2006 at the Humbold University, Berlin
The third sector in Europe
Banana split : how EU policies divide global producers
The Hitler I knew : the memoirs of the Third Reich's press chief
The Third Reich at war, 1939-1945
Last secrets of the Third Reich. Toinen tuotantokausi
KL : a history of the Nazi concentration camps
The enterprises and organizations of the third system : a strategic challenge for employment : pilot action 'Third system and employment' of the European Commission
Social enterprise : at the crossroads of market, public policies and civil society
Mobile technology, gender and development in  Africa, India and Bangladesh
Analysing TWAIL perspective to ILO Convention No. 169 in Nordic context
Migration, citizenship, and the European welfare state : a European dilemma
Hitler : a short biography
Reinhard Heydrich is widely recognized as one of the great iconic villains of the twentieth century, an appalling figure even within the context of the Nazi leadership. Chief of the Nazi Criminal Police, the SS Security Service, and the Gestapo, ruthless overlord of Nazi-occupied Bohemia and Moravia, and leading planner of the "Final Solution," Heydrich played a central role in Hitler's Germany. He shouldered a major share of responsibility for some of the worst Nazi atrocities, and up to his assassination in Prague in 1942, he was widely seen as one of the most dangerous men in Nazi Germany. Yet Heydrich has received remarkably modest attention in the extensive literature of the Third Reich. Robert Gerwarth weaves together little-known stories of Heydrich's private life with his deeds as head of the Nazi Reich Security Main Office. Fully exploring Heydrich's progression from a privileged middle-class youth to a rapacious mass murderer, Gerwarth sheds new light on the complexity of Heydrich's adult character, his motivations, the incremental steps that led to unimaginable atrocities, and the consequences of his murderous efforts toward re-creating the entire ethnic makeup of Europe.
Summary (s. 9-21).
Tom Clancy's EndWar : Xbox 360, Xbox Live
