http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21733 activism
activism
Fashion openness : applying an open source philosophy to the paradigm of fashion
Many of us may have participated in grassroots groups, changing the world in small and big ways, from building playgrounds and feeding the homeless, to protesting wars and ending legal segregation. Beyond the obvious fruits of these activities, what are the broader consequences of volunteering for the participants, recipients of aid, and society as a whole? In this engaging new book, Nina Eliasoph encourages readers to reflect on their own experiences in civic associations as an entry point into bigger sociological, political, and philosophical issues, such as class inequality, how organizations work, differences in political systems around the globe, and the sources of moral selfhood. Claims about volunteering tend to be astronomical: it will create democracy, make you a better person, eliminate poverty, protect local cultures, and even lower cholesterol. Eliasoph cuts through these assertions by drawing on empirical studies, key data, real-life case studies, and a range of theoretical analyses. In doing so, the book provides students of sociology, political science, and communications studies with a framework for evaluating the role of civic associations in social and political life, as well as in their own lives as active citizens
You must set forth at dawn : a memoir
Museums without borders : selected writings of Robert R. Janes
Fight back : punk, politics and resistance
The Bolsheviks and the Russian Empire
Journalism as activism : recoding media power
"Across the globe, people are challenging the agro-industrial food system and its exploitation of people and resources, reduction of local food varieties, and negative health consequences. In this collection leading international anthropologists explore food activism across the globe to show how people speak to, negotiate, or cope with power through food. Who are the actors of food activism and what forms of agency do they enact? What kinds of economy, exchanges, and market relations do they practice and promote? How are they organized and what are their scales of political action and power relations? Each chapter explores why and how people choose food as a means of forging social and economic justice, covering diverse forms of food activism from individual acts by consumers or producers to organized social groups or movements. The case studies embrace a wide geographical spectrum including Cuba, Sri Lanka, Egypt, Mexico, Italy, Canada, France, Colombia, Japan, and the USA. This is the first book to examine food activism in diverse local, national, and transnational settings, making it essential reading for students and scholars in anthropology and other fields interested in food, economy, politics and social change"--
Banksy : wall and piece : now with 10 % more crap
Insurgent encounters : transnational activism, ethnography, and the political
A critical pedagogy of embodied education : learning to become an activist
This book offers a systematic look at the connections between learning and leading and the use of learning to inspire and organize for change. It explores two interrelated dimensions of learning leadership: the ways leaders themselves learn about leadership practice, and the way leaders foster the learning of those they work with. The book focuses on a number of important leadership activities and adopts a case study approach to illuminate how leaders themselves learn, how they impart knowledge to others, and how they support others in becoming more effective and enduring learners.
Situated contemporary art practices : art, theory and activism from (the east of) Europe / Marina Grzinic ; [editor-in-chief: Vojislav Likar]
"We are not garbage!" : the homeless movement in Tokyo, 1994-2002
Don't trust, don't fear, don't beg : the extraordinary story of the Arctic 30
Learning as a way of leading : lessons from the struggle for social justice
Youth participation : good practices in different forms of regional and local democracy
Guitar army : rock & revolution with MC5 and The White Panther Party
Mobile participation in urban planning : a comparison of top-down and bottom-up initiated feedback
Total Chaos : the art and aesthetics of hip-hop / edited by Jeff Chang
An American journey : the "activist" lives of Gust Alonen and Carl Paivio
South Korea in transition : politics and culture of citizenship
Killer fashion revolution : combining peace education with participatory art and design
New noise : a cultural sociology of digital disruption
A central theme throughout the history of the United States has been the preservation and expansion of individual civil liberties. Beginning with the Bill of Rights in 1791 and continuing with the addition of further Amendments to the United States Constitution, the federal government, and later state governments, have enacted legislation and issued judicial rulings that strengthened and expanded America's tradition of preserving individual liberties. There have been, however, times during America's history where the nation and its people have succumbed to events, both actual and perceived, to break with the cherished practice of protecting the civil liberties of its people. One such episode, the Red Scare, occurred at the end of the First World War with two of Finland's native sons, Gust Alonen and Carl Paivio, engulfed in these tumultuous events. Their lives became a part of the very fabric of America's history in the first half of the twentieth century..
How do people in the creative arts prepare for, and participate in, civic life? This question is central to anyone involved in arts education and in the creation of public policy for the arts. Celebrity endorsements of political candidates and controversies over NEA funding aside, the role of the artists - student and professional - must increasingly be couched in terms of the social: artists make art, but they also exercise their cultural citizenship as explainers, teachers, and advocates. This volume will be developed at NYU, where the Tisch School of the Arts (not coincidentally founded in 1965, the year the NEA came into being) is one of the country's premier institutions for arts education. Mary Schmidt Campbell and Randy Martin are putting together a volume that will explore the central questions of "artistic citizenship," a term they create here to explore a unique and powerful form of civic identity. The list of contributors, all of whom have or have had some connection to the Tisch School, include the novelist E.L. Doctorow, performance artist Karen Finley, film and television scholar Toby Miller, Arvind Rajagopal, theatre guru Richard Schechner, cultural theorist Ella Shohat and Robert Stam, Deborah Willis, George Yúdice, and the African writer Ngugi Wa Thiongo.
Cyberactivism and the Arab spring : textual analysis of social media in the light of communication power structure, transnational learning and regional development
Migration and activism in Europe since 1945
Globalize liberation : how to uproot the system and build a better world
Radical futures? : youth, politics and activism in contemporary Europe
I am Malala : the girl who stood up for education and was shot by the Taliban
The global right wing and the clash of world politics
Rhetorics of welfare : uncertainty, choice and voluntary associations
China's contested Internet
Every cloud has a silver lining shaped as a bullet : problematizing the common towards a new synthesis
"Human rights, environmentalism, and global justice: these transnational movements today face fierce opposition from networks of conservative activists promoting contrary aims. In this groundbreaking book, Clifford Bob analyzes the clashes, proposing a new model of global policy making - and unmaking. This highlights the battle of networks, marked by exclusionary strategies, negative tactics, and dissuasive ideas. Bob first investigates the fight over gay rights, in which a coalition of religious conservatives, the "Baptist-burqa" network, confronts human rights groups at the United Nations and in such countries as Sweden, Romania, and Uganda. Next, he examines conflicts over gun control, pitting firearms enthusiasts against disarmament and safety advocates in the UN, Brazil, and elsewhere. Bob's provocative findings extend beyond the culture wars. With its critical conclusions about norms, activists, and institutions, this book will change how campaigners fight, analysts study international issues, and all of us think about global politics"--
This book explores the politics borne of consumption through the case of coffee activism and ethical consumption. It analyses the agencies, structures, repertoires and technologies of promotion and participation in the politics of fair trade consumption through an exploration of the relationship between activism and consumption.
On western terrorism : from Hiroshima to drone warfare
The coming swarm : DDoS actions, hacktivism, and civil disobedience on the Internet
Illuminates the thrilling possibilities of female grassroots activism in India through the story of Sampat Pal and her Pink Gang.
Black Island: Two Years of Activism in Taiwan : Two Years of Activism in Taiwan
Anarchism in France : the case of Octave Mirbeau
Becoming fashion-able : hacktivism and engaged fashion design
Freedom is a constant struggle : Ferguson, Palestine, and the foundations of a movement
Queer futures : reconsidering ethics, activism, and the political
Taking sides : revolutionary solidarity and the poverty of liberalism
The subversion of politics : European autonomous social movements and the decolonization of everyday life
Humor in feminist blogging and online activism
Youth, space and time : agoras and chronotopes in the global city
A new weave of power, people & politics : the action guide for advocacy and citizen participation
Escape the overcode : activist art in the control society
New social movements in Western Europe : a comparative analysis
Iranian women's political activism in the 2009 postelection events, and their usage of social media
Codex Spero : Nancy Spero : selected writings and interwiews 1950-2008 / edited by Roel Arkesteijn
Routing the opposition : social movements, public policy, and democracy
PlanetHero : collaborative system for public good initiatives : exploration of design opportunities and challenges in collaboration of public good sector in Cape Town, SA
Writing revolution : the voices from Tunis to Damascus
Palestinian women's activism between nationalism, feminism, and the state : the case of Palestinian women citizens in Israel
Remaking media : the struggle to democratize public communication
Queering the gallery : in search of counter-normative curatorial strategies
Humorous political stunts : nonviolent public challenges to power
Green is the new red : an insiders account of a social movement under siege
Urban amazons : lesbian feminism and beyond in the gender, sexuality, and identity battles of London
The Yes men fix the world
Or the bull kills you
Constituent imagination : militant investigations//collective theorization
Actors and activists : performance, politics and exchange among social worlds
Suffragette : my own story
The art of rebellion 3 : the book about street art
The influence of communication on perceived barriers to environmental action
A recited community : figures of an identity foretold : narrating heritage and positioning boundaries among student partisan groups in plural Lebanon
Alternative and activist media
The activists' handbook : a step-by-step guide to participatory democracy
Learning activism : the intellectual life of contemporary movements
Health activism : foundations and strategies
I am Malala : The Girl who stood up for education and was shot by the Taliban
Spatial design interventions : co-design approaches in spatial design practices
Social media and women of the Arab Spring : effects of social media on Egyptian women's participation in the revolution
Artistic citizenship : a public voice for the arts
DiY culture : party & protest in nineties Britain
A little book of craftivism
Democracy administration
Globalization from below : transnational activists and protest networks
Institutional critique and after : volume 2 of the SoCCAS [Southern California Consortium of Art Schools] symposia / edited by John C. Welchman ; [texts: John Searle...[et al.]]
Media movements : civil society and media policy reform in Latin America
The long loneliness : the autobiography of Dorothy Day
Voices from the welfare state : dissatisfaction and political action in Sweden
Craftivism : the art of craft and activism
The politics of volunteering
Gustav Metzger : act of perish! : a retrospective
Digital revolutions : activism in the Internet age
Changing art : how does art intervene on collective processes contributing to a sociocultural transformation, towards more sustainable relations
Feminist mothering
Coffee activism and the politics of fair trade and ethical consumption in : political consumerism and cultural citizenship
After the future
The massacres at Mt. Halla : sixty years of truth seeking in South Korea
The boy who could change the world : the writings of Aaron Swartz
LGBT activism in urban China : online, underground or under construction?
Metropolitan preoccupations : the spatial politics of squatting in Berlin
Concerning war : a critical reader / [editors: Maria Hlavajova and Jill Winder]
In search of common ground
Art and revolution : transversal activism in the long twentieth century / Gerald Raunig
After the Future explores our century-long obsession with the concept of "the future." Beginning with F. T. Marinetti's "Futurist Manifesto" and the worldwide race toward a new and highly mechanized society that defined the "Century of Progress," highly respected media activist Franco Berardi traces the genesis of future-oriented thought through the punk movement of the early '70s and into the media revolution of the '90s. Cyberculture, the last truly utopian vision of the future, has ended in a clash, and left behind an ever-growing system of virtual life and actual death, of virtual knowledge and actual war. Our future, Berardi argues, has come and gone; the concept has lost its usefulness. Now it's our responsibility to decide what comes next. Drawing on his own involvement with the Autonomia movement in Italy and his collaboration and friendship with leading thinkers of the European political left, including Félix Guattari and Antonio Negri, Berardi presents a highly nuanced analysis of the state of the contemporary working class, and charts a course out of the modern dystopian moment. Franco Berardi, better known in the United States as "Bifo", is an Italian autonomist philosopher and media activist. One of the founders of the notorious Radio Alice, a pirate radio station that became the voice of the autonomous youth movement of Bologna in the late 1970s, Bifo is the author of multiple works of theory, including the recently published The Soul at Work and "The Post-Futurist Manifesto".
It ́s your world, so change it
Modern islamic thinking and activism : dynamics in the west and in the Middle East
The politics of postcolonialism : empire, nation and resistance
Anti-war activism : new media and protest in the information age
The protestor's handbook
Future publics (the rest can and should be done by the people) : critical reader in contemporary art
Malala : the girl who stood up for education and changed the world
Finding the movement : sexuality, contested space, and feminist activism
Concerning war : a critical reader in contemporary art
Hope in the dark : untold histories, wild possibilities
In the loop : knitting now
Pacifism as pathology : reflections on the role of armed struggle in North America
The use of blogs as a persuasive instrument : examining the case of online discussions of social injustice in the Russian Federation
Citizenship, migrant activism and the politics of movement
Civic pedagogies in higher education : teaching for democracy in Europe, Canada and the USA
Blueprint for revolution : how to use rice pudding, Lego men and other non-violent techniques to galvanize communities, overthrow dictators, or simply change the world
Art and politics now / Anthony Downey
Digital-political fantasies in Istanbul : an analysis of the perceived role of ICT in changing local institutional politics, activism, and identity
Engaging young people in civic life
Pink sari revolution : a tale of women and power in the badlands of India
"Museums without Borders presents a body of work from one of the most respected practitioners and scholars in the field with nearly 40 years of experience. Robert Janes explores, through his selected writings, the view that museums have a broader role to play in society than is conventionally assumed. This volume forms an evolutionary time capsule of the many issues that have, and will, continue to shape the museum sector for decades to come"--Provided by publisher.
Joyful participation in new ways of designing and making clothes : enabling person-product attachment to potentially reduce unnecessary consumption
A death in Valencia
Hope in the dark : the untold history of people power
Edge of eternity
"This comparative historical sociology of the Bolshevik revolutionaries offers a reinterpretation of political radicalization in the last years of the Russian Empire. Finding that two-thirds of the Bolshevik leadership were ethnic minorities - Ukrainians, Latvians, Georgians, Jews and others - this book examines the shared experiences of assimilation and socioethnic exclusion that underlay their class universalism. It suggests that imperial policies toward the Empire's diversity radicalized class and ethnicity as intersectional experiences, creating an assimilated but excluded elite: lower-class Russians and middle-class minorities universalized particular exclusions as they disproportionately sustained the economic and political burdens of maintaining the multiethnic Russian Empire. The Bolsheviks' social identities and routes to revolutionary radicalism show especially how a class-universalist politics was appealing to those seeking secularism in response to religious tensions, a universalist politics where ethnic and geopolitical insecurities were exclusionary, and a tolerant 'imperial' imaginary where Russification and illiberal repressions were most keenly felt"--
Nellie Stone Johnson : the life of an activist
The perils of protest : state repression and student activism in China and Taiwan
New participatory dimensions in civil society : professionalization and individualized collective action
LGBT activism and the making of Europe : a rainbow Europe?
Explaining civil society core activism : testing Western theories in post-Soviet Latvia
This book presents a series of scholarly papers in relation to Islamic thinking, activism, and politics in both the West and the Middle East. The reader will apprehend that Islam is not the monolithic religion so often depicted in the media or (earlier) in the academic world. The Islamic world is more than a uniform civilization with a set of petrified religious prescriptions and an outdated view on political and social organization. The contributions show the dynamics of Islam at work in different geographical and social contexts. By treating the working of Islamic thinking and of Islamic activism on a practical level, this book includes innovative research and fills a significant gap in existing work.
Critical perspectives on user involvement
The power of the Internet in China : citizen activism online
Political socialization of youth : a Palestinian case study
Citizen's initiatives in Europe  : procedures and consequences of agenda-setting by citizens
In a politically uncertain and distrusted world, citizens appear to be seeking political expression in their everyday lives and quite prominently in their consumption practices. In advanced consumer societies, the politics of consumption have come to the centre stage. This book elaborates on the grounded perceptions, practices and problematizations of the equation of political action and market action. It presents the opportunities and hindrances of alternative forms of partaking in civic life by exploring how coffee activism presents a fruitful opportunity for citizens to participate in political life, how cultural citizenship can offer insights into the operation of everyday politics and how neoliberal narratives are framing discourses of coffee activism. The politics behind products can illuminate global tensions and engage citizens in social justice, but at the same time can confine civic action in the marketplace and anesthetise political action.
Breaking the Wave : Women, Their Organizations, and Feminism, 1945 - 1985
Forgotten Radicals : communists in the Pennsylvania Anthracite, 1919-1950
Beyond resistance! : youth activism and community change : new democratic possibilities for practice and policy for America's youth
Banksy's Bristol : home sweet home / the unofficial guide by Steve Wright
Constructive anarchy : building infrastructures of resistance
Europe has long been regarded as a unique place for the promotion and furthering of LGBT rights. This important and compelling study investigates the alleged uniqueness and its ties to a relatively long history of LGBT and queer movements in the region. Contributors argue that LGBT movements were inspired by specific ideas about European democratic values and a responsibility towards human rights, and that they sought to realize these on the ground through activism, often crossing borders to foster a wider movement. In making this argument, they discuss the 'idea of Europe' as it relates to LGBT rights, the history of European LGBT movements, the role of European institutions in adopting LGBT policies, and the construction of European 'others' in this process.
Jani Leinonen : tottelemattomuuskoulu : tottelemattomuuden käsikirja = School of disobedience : handbook of disobedience
No billionaire left behind : satirical activism in America
What we are fighting for : a radical collective manifesto
Global civil society 2009 : poverty and activism
Banners & dragons : the complete guide to creative campaigning
Performing political opposition in Russia : the case of the youth group Oborona
Fat activism : a radical social movement
In a period of vast global restructuring, unrestricted capital has eroded the traditional distinctions between nations and nationhood. In The Politics of Postcolonialism, Rumina Sethi devises a new form of postcolonial studies that makes sense of these dramatic changes. Returning to the origins of the discipline, Sethi identifies it as a tool for political protest and activism among people of the third world. Using a sophisticated mix of spatial theory and local politics, she examines the uneven terrain of contemporary anti-capitalism and political upsurges in Africa, Asia and Latin America, emphasising postcolonial politics, dissent and resistance. Her analysis shows that as the traditional means of direct political control have largely lost their hold, postcolonial cultures, now dominated by neoliberalism, are seeking fresh ways to express their discontent. This original and persuasive work frees the discipline from its current preoccupation with hybridity and multiculturalism, giving students of politics, cultural studies and international relations a new perspective on postcolonialism. --Publisher's description.
Don't trust, don't fear, don't beg : 100 days as a prisoner of Putin : the story of the Arctic 30
The art of rebellion 2 : world of urban art activism
Civic mind and good citizens : comparative perspectives
In this text, university teachers from Eastern Europe, Western Europe and North America report on their efforts to prepare students for engaged democratic citizenship. Their case studies illustrate methods employed to prepare citizens for meaningful participation in democracies, whether long-standing, young or emerging. The contributors describe their approaches in detail, reflecting on the philosophical and pedagogical considerations being employed, as well as exploring models of experiential service-learning, action research, and other curricular innovations. Stakeholders are encouraged to replicate, modify or entirely recast the ideas presented, in the interest of building capacity within their institutions, peers and partners to realize and maintain the promise of democracy.
Modern print activism in the United States
Rebel music : race, empire and the new Muslim youth culture
Material culture studies and creative teaching of commodity geographies
The roots of environmental consciousness : popular tradition and personal experience
Food activism : agency, democracy and economy
We are many : reflections on movement strategy from occupation to liberation
Re-presneting disability : activism and agency in the museum / edited by Richard Sandell, Jocelyn Dodd, Rosemarie Garland-Thomson
Import - export - transport : queer theory, queer critique and activism in motion
The general's son : journey of an Israeli in Palestine
Get a life! : the diaries of Vivienne Westwood 2010-2016
Momentum : igniting social change in the connected age
Transnational civil society in China : intrusion and impact
Citizen politics in post-industrial societies
Being a young activist in the late Mubarak era : an ethnography of political engagement in Egypt
Patterns of protest : trajectories of participation in social movements
The crisis of the Negro intellectual : a historical analysis of the failure of Black leadership
Direct democracy in an environmental movement : Argentine asambleas in the Uruguay river pulp mill controversy
Protest Inc. : the corporatization of activism
A cultural analysis of the visual signs in the Zapatistas websites
The social face of Buddhism : an approach to political and social activism
