http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21754 learning opportunities
learning opportunities
Higher education and social justice
Handbook of research on transformative online education and liberation : models for social equality
In addition to introducing the reader to a wide range of conceptual and policy-related problems concerning the impact of education on individuals and society, the book:provides the field of educational research with a contemporary economic and socio-cultural reassessment of educational outcomes in relation to poverty. discusses the challenges and priorities facing policy makers, practitioners and the international development community in improving the outcomes of education, particularly for the most disadvantaged in Africa, South Asia and other low income countries; identifies the key theoretical and methodological challenges involved in researching the outcomes of education for the poor.^
Enhancing staff & educational development
Learning divides : ten policy questions about the performance and equity of schools and schooling systems
Principles of equal educational opportunity in post independence Jamaica : 1962-2008
Inequality in education : comparative and international perspectives
The rich world and the impoverishment of education : diminishing democracy, equity and workers' rights
A master programme in educational research and development in Afghanistan 2008-2010 : experiences and outcomes
Education and social inequality in the global culture
Life beyond the classroom : transition strategies for young people with disabilities
Finnish lessons 2.0 : what can the world learn from educational change in Finland?
Last in line, last in school 2008 : how donors can support education for children affected by conflict and emergencies
Demand-sensitive schooling? : evidence and issues
Equity and excellence in education : towards maximal learning opportunities for all students
Education and oppression : inequality in the world of South African children
Persistent elitism in access to higher education in Ghana
New product development : case company: Studentum.fi
Marx and education
Finnish lessons : what can the world learn from educational change in Finland?
PISA 2009 results. Vol. 2, Overcoming social background : equity in learning opportunities and outcomes
Widening participation in higher education : casting the net wide?
Social class and education : global perspectives
International declarations and conventions on the right to education and the freedom of education = Déclarations et conventions internationales sur le droit à l'éducation et la liberté d'enseignement
Youth and skills : putting education to work
Education for all in times of global transformations : aspirations and opportunities of poor families in marginal areas of Sri Lanka
The case against school choice : politics, markets, and fools
Education and child labour in developing countries : a study on the role of non-governmental organisations in Bangladesh and Nepal
European research on youth : supporting young people to participate fully in society : the contribution of European research
Policy-practice gap in participation of students with disabilities in Ethiopia's formal vocational education programme
The Globalisation of school choice?
Global educational expansion : historical legacies and political obstacles
China's assimilationist language policy : impact on indigenous/minority literacy and social harmony
Learning to change? : the role of identity and learning careers in adult education
Global neoliberalism and education and its consequences
Challenges and reforms in vocational education : aspects of inclusion and exclusion
Finnish Lessons: what can the world learn from educational change in Finland?
Gender, education and employment : an international comparison of school-to-work transitions
Re-reading education policies : a handbook studying the policy agenda of the 21st century
Unequal chances to participate in adult learning : international perspectives
Summary.
Young children and racial justice : taking action for racial equality in the early years - understanding the past, thinking about the present, planning for the future
Tying it all together : excellence, mobility, funding and the social dimension in higher education
Throughout the world, equity and excellence in education is a major issue of concern. International comparative studies such as those carried out by OECD (PISA) have launched a worldwide debate on the effectiveness of educational systems (macro level), schools (meso level) and teachers (micro level) in terms of enhancing equity and excellence. Inspired by the OECD research and spurred by national policy-making, quantitative and qualitative research studies have recently been conducted in different parts of the globe aiming to provide deeper insight into the crucial variables that have an impact on equity, excellence or both. Among the variables that have been identified as crucial in this respect are the pupils' gender and their socio-economic and linguistic background, teachers' expectations, cognitions and pedagogical approach in the classroom, parental support, financial aspects, educational policies (e.g. priority policies, multilingual policies, early start policies), and variables related to the structure of the educational structure and system (e.g. compulsory school age, comprehensive systems, support structures, system variables enhancing spread of learners). This volume aims to compile a rich collection of research-based contributions, providing a state-of-the-art resource on what we know about this topic today. (Barnes & Noble)
Working Abroad
The economics of school choice
Educating children in conflict zones : research, policy, and practice for systemic change : a tribute to Jackie Kirk
Summary (s. 9-15).
Sahlberg has thoroughly updated his groundbreaking account of how Finland built a world-class education system during the past four decades. In this international bestseller, Sahlberg traces the evolution of Finnish education policies and highlights how they differ from the United States and much of the rest of the world.
"There is one Karl Marx, and a multitude of Marxisms. This concise, introductory book by internationally renowned scholar Jean Anyon centers on the ideas of Marx that have been used in education studies as a guide to theory, analysis, research, and practice. Marx and Education begins with a brief overview of basic Marxist ideas and terms and then traces some of the main points scholars in education have been articulating since the late 1970s. Following this trajectory, Anyon details how social class analysis has developed in research and theory, how understanding the roles of education in society is influenced by a Marxian lens, how the failures of urban school reform can be understood through the lens of political economy, and how cultural analysis has laid the foundation for critical pedagogy in US classrooms. She assesses ways neo-Marxist thought can contribute to our understanding of issues that have arisen more recently and how a Marxist analysis can be important to an adequate understanding and transformation of the future of education and the economy. By exemplifying what is relevant in Marx, and replacing that which has been outdone by historical events, Marx and Educatio aims to restore the utility of Marxism as a theoretical and practical tool for educators"--Provided by publisher.
Entering higher education : gender and class perspectives
Abolishing school fees in Africa : lessons learned from Ethiopia, Ghana, Kenya, Malawi and Mozambique
"This book focuses on the societal, social, political, economic and philosophical perspectives of transformative models and how digital learning communities foster critical reflections and perspective change, building a better understanding on how online educators/designers/tutors/learners can talk about injustice and inequality to a virtual group"--Provided by publisher.
Stratification in higher education : a comparative study
Indigenous identity and resistance : researching the diversity of knowledge
Closing the gap for immigrant students : policies, practice and performance
Education outcomes and poverty : a reassessment
Accessibility and participation in Tanzanian higher education from the perspectives of women with disabilities
"What do we know about the outcomes of education in developing countries? Where are the gaps in our knowledge, and why are they important to fill? What are the policy challenges that underlie these knowledge gaps, and how can education best contribute to eliminating the problem of widespread poverty in the developing world?This book arises out of a five year, DFID-funded programme of research examining the impact of education on the lives and livelihoods of people in developing countries, particularly those living in poorer areas and from poorer households. Based on highly innovative research that addressed common research questions across four countries in Africa and South Asia, the book presents new theoretical and empirical knowledge that will help to improve education and poverty reduction strategies in developing countries, through an enhanced recognition of education's actual and potential role.^
Transnational legal ordering and state change
