http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21772 semi-processed food products
semi-processed food products
Food and beverage purchasing : workbook
Increasing productivity in foodservice
Abstract.
Buying and using convenience foods
Food and beverage purchasing : teacher's manual
The new golden bough : a new abridgment of the classic work
Production of pre-cooked frozen food for mass catering
Issues and advances in postharvest horticulture : a proceedings of the XXVI International Congress : Toronto, Canada, 11-17 August 2002
Food preparation
Food habits and related biomarkers in Pitkäranta, Russia, and North Karelia, Finland : trends and educational differences, 1992-2007
Drug use and polypharmacy in elderly persons
Guide to foodservice management : a collection of articles from publications of the National Association of College and University food services
Benefits and challenges of a manufacturing subsidiary in China : case company
Food and beverage purchasing
Abstract: The purpose of this thesis was to determine the benefits of local manufacturing company  in China to practical processes; export of semi-finished product from Finland to  China, import and customs clearance in China and lead time from order to delivery to  customer and how the process is different from exporting a finished product from  Finland to China. In addition to this, it was also important to research what benefits  are there from the manufacturing company in China in sales perspective for the Case  Company for their business in China and are there some challenges. This research  was made together with the Case Company. The research was needed because they  have a new manufacturing company in China. The benefits and challenges of having  the manufacturing company in practical processes needed to be studied.  Export from Finland to China, import and customs clearance in China and the benefits  and challenges in sales perspective of having a manufacturing company in China  were described in the theoretical part of the thesis in general level. The empirical part  consists of these same issues, but handled from the Case Company's point of view.  The information to the empirical part has been gathered by interviews with the experts  in the Case Company. In addition to the interviews, Finpro had made a customer  survey for the Case Company's current and potential customers in China, and information  from this survey was also analyzed in the empirical part.  As results of the research, process descriptions for both, finished goods and semifinished  goods, were made for export from Finland to China and import and customs  clearance in China. Also benefits and challenges of the manufacturing company in  China were described as research results.  Conclusions of this thesis show that in the practical processes studied in this thesis,  the process for the semi-finished products is lighter and requires less effort especially  in import to China. Also, the local manufacturing company in China can increase the  Case Company's business and competitiveness in China even more and the locality  will show to the customers that the company is committed and gives the access to  easier after-sales services for the customers.
Convenience and fast food handbook
