http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21759 lorry traffic
lorry traffic truck traffic
Opportunities for cost reductions by the use of intermodal transports : intermodal production as an alternative for pure road production
Lowe's transport managers & operators handbook 2013
Truck crashworthiness, occupant protection and ergonomics
Commercial road vehicles
Second European Conference on Weigh-in-motion of road vehicles organised by the Management Committee of the COST323 action : [pre-proceedings]
Heavy Vehicle Brake Code
Professional driving, driver fatigue and traffic safety
A head-on collision involving a heavy vehicle combination and a charter coach on highway 4 at Konginkangas near the town of Äänekoski, Finland on 19.3.2004 : the vehicle combination: road tractor REY-481 and full trailer PZU-497, the charter coach: IUF-867
Correlation of road retardation and dynamometer measurements for lorries and trailer combinations
In a global economy, no nation is self-sufficient. Few nations would be able to maintain their current or even adequate standard of living without international trade. The growing world trade has had a drastic effect on road transportation.  Road transportation has been growing steadily every year and along with it production costs have increased. Therefore demand for alternative transportation methods has risen. This bachelor  ́s thesis researches intermodal transportation as a cost-effective alternative for road transportation. Intermodal transportation is seen as a growing field in the land transportation industry. Traditionally, intermodal transportation has been seen as a complex and slow alternative. To challenge this argument, the study also focuses on the production capabilities of intermodal transportation. In the industry lowered production costs have always been the key factor, however environmentally sound transportation methods are becoming a trend and intermodal transportation is seen as the solution. The focus of this thesis is on a specific intermodal trade lane of Schenker AG, one of the leading logistics companies in the world. Schenker already has road transportation business in the trade lane running from Central Europe to Northern Spain, thus the current road volumes in the trade lane are known. This research presents how much the gross profit margin would increase in the trade lane  and what kind of savings would be made with the use of intermodal transportation. Results show that intermodal transportation is a viable alternative for pure road transportation. It is not only a more cost-effective way of producing, but also allegations of slow production times are denied.
Lowe's transport mager's  & operator's handbook 2011
Holistic work system design and management : a participatory development approach to delivery truck drivers’ work outside the cab
Differences in taxation on heavy goods vehicles in Europe
Lowe's transport mananger ́s & operator's handbook 2014
Road accidents of trailer combinations in Finland : a case study
Heavy vehicle systems
Roundabouts and heavy vehicles
Holistic work system design and management : a participatory development approach to delivery truck drivers' work outside the cab
Post-proceedings of the Second European Conference on Weigh-in-Motion of Road Vehicles organised by the Management Committee of the COST323 action : Lisbon, 14th - 16th September, 1998
Lowe ́s transport managers & operators handbook 2015
Harmonization of vechile weights and dimensions : consequences in Finland
The transport manager's & operator's handbook 2010
The transport manager's and operator's handbook 2008
Trailer-truck drivers in work zones : effects of a focussed campaign
