http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2172 language history
language history
How 'archaic' is modern icelandic?
Introduction to the study of the history of language
Historical semantics : Historical word-formation
The Japanese language through time
Bloomsbury companion to historical linguistics
Swing to bop - hep to hip : a study in jazz parlance
The prodigal tongue : dispatches from the future of english
An introduction to historical linguistics
The unaccented vowels of Proto-Norse
A bibliography of writings for the history of the English language
Ordbog over det norrøne prosasprog = A dictionary of Old Norse prose. Registre = Indices
Sociolinguistic variation in English derivational productivity : studies and methods in diachronic corpus linguistics
The Chinese mind : understanding traditional Chinese beliefs and their influence on contemporary culture
Substrata Uralica : studies on Finno-Ugrian substrate in Northern Russian dialects
Fibula, fabula, fact : the Viking Age in Finland
The origin of language
The adventure of English : 500AD to 2000 : the biography of a language
Studies in early Dravidian grammars : (proceedings of the seminar on early Dravidian grammars)
Current topics in English historical linguistics : proceedings of the second International conference on English historical linguistics, held at Odense University 13-15 April, 1981
The languages of the world
On the paradigms of Uralic comparative studies
"I have a dream" : a material package on African American history and culture with a focus on communicative competence
Pre-cyrillic Slavic writing and pre-christian Slavic culture : materials of the first International congress 12-14 May 2008.. Volume 2
Einar Barnes and the Lost Tradition of Dagur Studies in Norway
Non-canonical case-marking on core arguments in Lithuanian : a historical and contrastive perspective
The origins and prehistory of language
An introduction to early New High German
þe and þat as clause connectives in early Middle English with especial consideration of the emergence of the pleonastic þat
Standard languages and multilingualism in European history
Biblical scholars have long claimed that the Israelites "could not conceive of a disembodied nefesh [soul]." In this book, Richard C. Steiner rejects that claim based on a broad spectrum of textual, linguistic, archaeological, and anthropological evidence spanning the millennia from prehistoric times to the present. The biblical evidence includes a prophecy of Ezekiel condemning women who pretend to trap the wandering souls of sleeping people - prophecy that has been only partially understood until now because of the obscure technical terms that it contains. The extrabiblical evidence suggests that a belief in the existence of disembodied souls was part of the common religious heritage of the peoples of the ancient Near East.--Provided by publisher.
LOVEscapes : changes in prototypical senses and cognitive metaphors since 1500
Historical linguistics, 1993 : selected papers from the 11th International Conference on Historical Linguistics, Los Angeles, 16-20 August 1993
Zamenhof, creator of Esperanto
Historical development of auxiliaries
Diakonoi in the Greek-speaking world until 1st c. CE
The early runic inscriptions : their western features
Astrological prognostications in MS Beinecke 558 : "Sonday prime drye wether"
Element order in Old English and Old High German translations
The counterfactive mood in Forest Enets and its origin
Lexicon of the mediæval German hunt
The unfolding of language : an evoluonary tour of mankind's greatest invention
History of the Yiddish language
Linguistic genocide or superdiversity : new and old language diversities
Historical semantics ; Historical word-formation
In this handbook, Victor Ginsburgh and Shlomo Weber bring together methodological, theoretical, and empirical studies in the economics of language in a single framework of linguistic diversity that reflects the history and contemporary study of the topic. The impact of linguistic diversity on economic outcomes and public policies has been studied not only by economists and other social scientists in the contemporary era, but all the way back to the 19th century by geographer and naturalist, Alexander von Humboldt, who emphasized the importance of language in the framework of cultural experience. This interdependence of language and culture is reflected in the chapters in this handbook, which have been written by leading economists, linguists, and political scientists from universities in the United States, Australia, Russia, Israel, the United Kingdom, France, Spain, Belgium, Germany, Switzerland, Denmark, Finland, Hungary, and the Czech Republic. The contributions are divided into four parts. Part I examines linguistic concepts that forge common ground between economists, political scientists, sociologists, and linguists, and introduces the notion of linguistic proximity extensively utilized in various chapters of the volume. Part II assesses the impact of languages on market interactions, including international trade, patent protection, migration, and use of languages in ancient and modern business environments. Part III focuses on the link between linguistic policies and economic development, including the analysis of regional development in Asia, Africa, Europe and Russia. Part IV addresses issues of globalization, minority languages, and the protection of linguistic rights in multilingual societies.
Black through white : African words and calques which survived slavery in Creoles and transplanted European languages
Turks and Iranians : interactions in language and history : the Gunnar Jarring memorial program at the Swedish Collegium for Advanced Study
Old English
An inquiry into the adjectival inflexion in Jacob's Well I
Historical linguistics, 1989 : papers from the 9th international conference on historical linguistics, Rutgers University, 14-18 August 1989
The papers in this volume are a selection of the papers presented at the first Foundations of Arabic Linguistics Conference (FAL1), which was held in the Faculty of Asian and Middle Eastern Studies at the University of Cambridge between 3rd and 4th September 2010.
Some Old World experience of linguistic dating
Irish sign language : a cognitive linguistic account
The story of English in 100 words
Lost words : a feast of forgotten words, their origins and their meanings
Šulmu IV : everyday life in Ancient Near East : papers presented at the international conference Poznań, 19-22 September 1989
Holy shit : a brief history of swearing
Studies in phonological theory and historical linguistics
A grammar of old Turkic
The politics of citizenship tests : time, integration and the contingent polity
De situ linguarum aetatis ferreae, pars I
Readings in historical phonology : chapters in the theory of sound change
Eighteenth-century English : ideology and change
A little book of language
The Latin language
The Celtic languages
A short history of literary Croatian
The story of English
Middle English miscellany : from vocabulary to linguistic variation
The historical linguistics-cognitive linguistics interface
On the changes in the Mongolian language in the Yuan and the Ming dynasties (based chiefly on the hua i ih yü)
Old Irish -icc, -ucci
The politics of discourse : the standard language question in British cultural debates
The foundations of Arabic linguistics : Sibawayhi and early Arabic grammatical theory
The Cambridge encyclopedia of the English language
The domestication of language : cultural evolution and the uniqueness of the human animal
Esperanto and its rivals : the struggle for an international language
Lingo : a language spotters' guide to Europe
Blood and land : the story of native North America
Papers from the 4th International conference on historical linguistics
A history of the English language
The nostratic macrofamily and linguistic palaeontology
Evidence for the Minoan language
A short history of the English language
Finlandia : the racial composition, the language and a brief history of the Finnish people
The making of English
A reader in nineteenth-century historical Indo-European linguistics
The prehistory of the Greek language
A prehistory of Slavic : the historical phonology of common Slavic
Vpx Germanica : essays in Germanic languages and literature in honour of James E. Cathey
Pre-cyrillic Slavic writing and pre-christian Slavic culture : materials of the first International congress 12-14 May 2008.. Volume 3
Reconsideration of the nature of the Greek attested in both the Septuagint and the New Testament has focussed in the past century on its place within the history of Greek. A central facet of the work of John Lee has been to demonstrate that biblical Greek is contemporary Koine, comparable to that found in inscriptions and papyri, and that it can be positioned within the history of the language. These essays honour him in considering various aspects of biblical Greek within its context. Lexicography is discussed in the light of particular 'Jewish Greek' features, the role of context for semantics, and the use of Modern Greek in lexicons. Septuagint translation techniques involving transliterations, loan-words, and ethnic terminology, and the grammatical topics of deponency and verbal aspect, are all analysed. The importance of papyri and numismatic evidence is highlighted, while the material witnessess of doublets in the manuscript tradition and of later Jewish versions represented in the Cairo Genizah and in marginal glosses are also examined.
Historical perspectives on Chamba Daka
The western spread of Permic hydronyms
New contributions to the history of the Ukrainian language
Language of the land : policy, politics, identity
Linguistic diversity in Europe : current trends and discourses
Words of power : studies in Rabbinic authority and literature
Adaptation of loanwords of the suffix type *-eTA in Finnish and Saami
Russian prikazny language in ethnolinguistic perspective (on the manuscripts of the monasteries of the Russian north in the XVIIIth century) : specialization 10.02.01 - the Russian language
Practicing history : new directions in historical writing after the linguistic turn
Northern European prehistory, from below
Dictionary of Old English. C
Globish : how the English language became the world's language
The formal method known as B and a sketch for its implementation
Belarusian Language : Polonization, Old East Slavic, Belarusian Latin Alphabet, Belarusian Alphabet, L with Stroke, Belarusian Phonology
Natural language processing for historical texts
What is a context? : linguistic approaches and challenges
The Palgrave handbook of Slavic languages, identities and borders
Language change : contributions to the study of its causes
Two Hundred Years of Finnish Romani Linguistics
Ylioppilaslehti and the university's language struggle in the 1920s and 1930s
The Linguistic Background of the  Ancient Meshchera Tribe and Principal Areas of  Settlement
This book contextualises case studies across a wide variety of languages and cultures, crystallising key interrelationships between linguistic standardisation and prescriptivism, and between ideas and practices. It focuses on different traditions of standardisation and prescription throughout the world and addresses questions such as how nationalistic idealisations of 'traditional' language persist (or shift) amid language change, linguistic variation and multilingualism. The volume explores issues of standardisation and the sociolinguistic phenomenon of prescription as a formative influence on the notional standard language as well as the interconnections between these in a wide range of geographical contexts. It balances the otherwise strong emphasis on English in English language publications on prescriptivism and breaks new ground with its multilingual approach across languages and nations. The book will appeal to scholars working within different linguistic traditions interested in questions relating to all aspects of standardisation and prescriptivism.
Constraints in discourse 3 : representing and inferring discourse structure
Diachronic natural syntax = Diahrona naravna skladnja : directionality of change = dsmeri sprememb
Samoyedic studies : a state-of-the-art report
Proto-Indo-European syntax and its development
The lost languages of Koguryo
Explanation in historical linguistics
English for the natives : discover the grammar you don't know you know
No abstract
Epistolary formulae of the old Uighur letters from the Eastern Silk Road. Part 2.
No Abavas līdz Zilupei : vietvārdu colmes īsā vārdnīca = From Abava to Zilupe : the origin of Latvian geographical names : a short dictionary
The double preterit forms gie-gienc, lie-liez, vie-vienc in Middle High German
Biblical Greek in context : essays in honour of John A. L. Lee
This article is the first part of a series that employs a descendant historical reconstruction methodology to reverse-engineer areas where Finnic languages were spoken especially during the Iron Age (500 BC–AD 1150/1300). This opening article of the series presents a heuristic cartographic model of estimated locations of groups speaking Finnic languages and their neighbours in ca. AD 1000.
"With close to 100 million speakers, Tai-Kadai constitutes one of the world's major language families. The Tai-Kadai Languages provides a unique, comprehensive, single-volume tome covering much needed grammatical descriptions in the area." "It presents an important overview of Thai that includes extensive cross-referencing to other sections of the volume and sign-posting to sources in the bibliography. The volume also includes much new material on Lao and other Tai-Kadai languages, several of which are described here for the first time."--BOOK JACKET.
The applied affix and transitivity : a historical study in Bantu
An old English grammar
The Slavic literary languages : formation and development
Stability and instability in language : contemporary changes in "Finland's Russian"
Two of the Saxon chronicles : parallel with supplementary extracts from the others. Vol. 1, Text, appendices and glossary
Sir Gawain and the Green Knight, Pearl and Sir Orfeo
Her onginþ seo boc : on the loss and retention of grammatical gender in Early Middle English
Crosslinguistics and linguistic crossings in Northeast Asia : papers on the languages of Sakhalin and adjacent regions
Dictionary of Old English. Preface
Our marvelous native tongue : the life and times of the English language
"I will set his hand on the sea, and his right hand on the river" : North West Semitic Kingship and the sea of combat myth : a survey of Hebrew poetry in light of ancient Near Eastern evidence
"Although for some scholars the very possibility of syntactic reconstruction remains dubious, numerous studies have appeared reconstructing a variety of basic elements of Proto-Indo-European syntax based on evidence available particularly from ancient and/or archaic Indo-European languages. The papers in this volume originate from the Workshop "PIE Syntax and its Development" (Thessaloniki 2011), which aimed to bring together scholars interested in these problems and to shine new light on current research into ancient Indo-European syntax. Special attention was paid to the development of the hypothetical reconstructed features within the documented history of Indo-European languages. The articles in this volume were originally published in the Journal of Historical Linguistics Vol. 3:1 (2013)." --
The story of Hungarian : a guide to the language
The world of words : an introduction to language in general and to English and American in particular
The people of the eye : deaf ethnicity and ancestry
The Italian language
Perspectives on historical linguistics
The philological track
The French language : present and past
Northern European prehistory, from above
The urban mind : cultural and environmental dynamics
The Palgrave handbook of economics and language / edited by Victor Ginsburgh and Shlomo Weber
Substantival inflexion in early Old English vocalic stems
Papers from the 3rd international conference on historical linguistics
Disembodied souls : the Nefesh in Israel and kindred spirits in the ancient Near East, with an appendix on the Katumuwa Inscription
Slavic nominal word-formation : proto-Indo-European origins and historical development
Intézmények, folyamatok és kutatások a nemzetközi magyarságtudományban : a Jyväskyläi egyetem magyarságtudományi programjának első húsz éve = Institutions, tendencies and research in the international Hungarian studies : the first twenty years of the Jyväskylä University's Hungarian studies program
Variation and change in spoken and written discourse : perspectives from corpus linguistics
Lexicon grammaticorum : a bio-bibliographical companion to the history of linguistics
Languages at war : policies and practices of language contacts in conflict
Rhetoric and medicine in early modern Europe
Finnish summary.
A series of reflections on the author's experiences learning a new language and living abroad, in a dual-language edition.
Early Germanic languages in contact
Historical linguistics, 1991 : papers from the 10th international conference on historical linguistics, Amsterdam, 12-16 August 1991
Linguistic change : an introduction to the historical study of language
Through close analysis of texts, cultural and civic communities, and intellectual history, the papers in this collection, for the first time, propose a dynamic relationship between rhetoric and medicine as discourses and disciplines of cure in early modern Europe. Although the range of theoretical approaches and methodologies represented here is diverse, the essays collectively explore the theories and practices, innovations and interventions, that underwrite the shared concerns of medicine, moral philosophy, and rhetoric: care and consolation, reading, policy, and rectitude, signinference, selfhood, and autonomy - all developed and refined at the intersection of areas of inquiry usually thought distinct. From Italy to England, from the sixteenth through to the mid-eighteenth century, early modern moral philosophers and essayists, rhetoricians and physicians investigated the passions and persuasion, vulnerability and volubility, theoretical intervention and practical therapy in the dramas, narratives, and disciplines of public and private cure. The essays are relevant to a wide range of readers, including cultural, literary, and intellectual historians, historians of medicine and philosophy, and scholars of rhetoric.
Northern English has become the focus of intensive research in the past decade or so, following on a series of dedicated conferences. The present book brings together leading-edge contributions on various aspects of language use, variation and change in the North of England. The volume covers the history of English in this area as well as providing incisive studies of both the varieties of English spoken in cities and in larger parts of the area. In addition, the collection contains a number of interface studies, e.g. concerned with the borders of the North of England, both to Scotland and the South of England or dealing with second-language varieties of Northern English or with additional issues, such as enregisterment. All these contributions help to draw a comprehensive picture of this key area of the English-speaking world and point the way forward for future research.
Syntactic reconstruction and proto-Germanic
Emphasising the significance of foreign languages at the centre of war and conflict, this book argues that 'foreignness' and foreign languages are key to our understanding of what happens in war. Through case studies the book traces the role of languages in intelligence, military deployment, soldier/civilian meetings, occupation and peace building.
The story of language
This book offers reconstructions of various syntactic properties of Proto-Germanic, including verb position in main clauses, the syntax of the wh-system, and the (non- )occurrence of null pronominal subjects and objects. Although previous studies have looked at the lexical and phonological reconstruction of Proto-Germanic, little is currently known about the syntax of the language, and it has even been argued that the reconstruction of syntax is impossible. Dr Walkden uses extensive evidence from the early Germanic languages - Old English, Old High German, Old Saxon, Old Norse, and Gothic - to show that syntactic reconstruction is not only possible but also profitable. He argues that while the reconstruction of syntax differs from lexical-phonological reconstruction due to the so-called 'correspondence problem', this is not insurmountable. In fact, the approach taken in current Minimalist theories, in which syntactic variation is attributed to the properties of lexical items, opens the door for syntactic reconstruction as lexical reconstruction. The book also discusses practical solutions for circumventing the correspondence problem, in particular the use of both distributional properties of lexical items and the phonological forms of such items in order to establish cognacy. The book will be of interest to historical linguists working on syntactic reconstruction and the Germanic languages, from graduate level upwards, as well as to advanced students of syntactic change more generally.
This book is the first comprehensive corpus study of element order in Old English and Old High German, which brings to light numerous differences between these two closely related languages. The study's innovative approach relies on translated texts, which allows to tackle the problem of the apparent incomparability of OE and OHG textual records and to identify the areas of OE and OHG syntax potentially influenced by the Latin source texts. This is especially important from the point of view of OE research, where Latin is rarely considered as a significant variable. The book's profile and content is of direct interest for historical linguists working on OE and/or OHG (and Old Germanic languages in general), but it can also greatly benefit several other groups of researchers: scholars applying corpus methods to the study of dead languages, historical linguists generally, linguists researching element order as well as specialists in translation studies.
The history of language
A short history of the German language
Pre-cyrillic Slavic writing and pre-christian Slavic culture : materials of the first International congress 12-14 May 2008.. Volume 4
Interaction on the Page : Paratexts in two manuscripts of the Middle English Polychronicon
Albanian historic syllabics
Prescription and tradition in language : establishing standards across time and space
A house divided : the origin and development of Hindi-Urdu
The grown-up siblings : history and functions of Western Uralic *kse
Abstract in english.
Researching northern English
Corpus-based study of older Scots grammar and lexis
Spaces of Polyphony
International journal of sino-western studies
A history of the Hebrew language
A short history of literary English
In other words
Abstract.
Translation studies
Two of the Saxon chronicles : parallel with supplementary extracts from the others. Vol. 2, Introduction, notes, and index
More and more historical texts are becoming available in digital form. Digitization of paper documents is motivated by the aim of preserving cultural heritage and making it more accessible, both to laypeople and scholars. As digital images cannot be searched for text, digitization projects increasingly strive to create digital text, which can be searched and otherwise automatically processed, in addition to facsimiles. Indeed, the emerging field of digital humanities heavily relies on the availability of digital text for its studies. Together with the increasing availability of historical texts in digital form, there is a growing interest in applying natural language processing (NLP) methods and tools to historical texts. However, the specific linguistic properties of historical texts--the lack of standardized orthography in particular--pose special challenges for NLP.
The prehistory of languages
Scandinavian loanwords and their equivalents in Middle English
History and Hungarian studies at the University of Jyväskylä
Historical linguistics and Biblical Hebrew : steps toward an integrated approach
A language in space : the story of Israeli sign language
You say potato : a book about accents
An introduction to Old Russian
Dictionary of Old English. D
Studies in Sung time colloquial Chinese as revealed in Chu Hi's Ts'üanshu
On explaining language change
Isis in Babylonia?
"The eighteenth century was a key period in the development of the English language, in which the modern standard emerged and many dictionaries and grammars first appeared. This book is divided into thematic sections which deal with issues central to English in the eighteenth century. These include linguistic ideology and the grammatical tradition, the contribution of women to the writing of grammars, the interactions of writers at this time and how politeness was encoded in language, including that on a regional level. The contributions also discuss how language was seen and discussed in public and how grammarians, lexicographers, journalists, pamphleteers and publishers judged on-going change. The novel insights offered in this book extend our knowledge of the English language at the onset of the modern period"
Essays on time-based linguistic analysis
Language and history in early Britain : a chronological survey of the Brittonic languages first to twelfth century A.D
The Uralic-Yukaghir lexical correspondences : genetic inheritance, language contact or chance resemblance?
Cultural keys : the history of Japenese words and phrases
Information structure and syntactic change in the history of English
Elam and Persia
From Iberian Romani to Iberian Para-Romani varieties
Grammatical relations in change
A corpus-based study on t/d deletion and insertion in Late Medieval and Renaissance Scottish English
The Avestan vowels
Historical linguistics : an introduction
The phonology / paraphonology interface and the sounds of German across time
The genesis and growth of Dravidian
Are we facing an immense wave of language death or a period of remarkable new linguistic variation? Or both? This book answers this question by analysing studies of language endangerment and loss along with those of language change, revitalization and diversity. Using case studies from Russia and the EU, the authors compare historical language variation to that of the present day, arguing that accelerated language extinction can be considered a result of colonization, modernization and globalization, but so too can many new creoles, intertwined and mixed languages, new ethnic identities, new groups of urban dwellers or migrant groups, all with their own distinct cultural traits. The book therefore surmises that the linguistic heritage of today is simultaneously more endangered and more diverse than ever before.
Handbook of Latin inscriptions illustrating the history of the language
