http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2170 choirs
choirs
Carols from the old & new world. Volume 2
Giving voice : a handbook for choir directors & trainers
Choral intonation
The choral experience : literature, materials, and methods
Saints go marchin' : (a Gospel Celebration)
Shall I compare thee? : 10 Shakespeare settings for mixed voices
Orchestral works. Volume 2
Prescriptions for choral excellence : tone, text, dynamic leadership
Panis angelicus : favourite motets from Westminster Cathedral
Choral arranging
Porgy and Bess
The masterpieces : decade 1
Springtime
The choruses of Sophokles' Antigone and Philoktetes : a dance of words
Evoking sound : fundamentals of choral conducting
Happy together
A conductor's guide to choral-orchestral works
Choir builders : for growing voices. 2, 24 more vocal exercises for warm-up & workout
Choral conducting : a symposium
How to pronounce finnish : an approximate comparision to standard English : a guide for choral directors and singers
In my life : 10 vocal parts/Gesangspartituren SSATB
The Choirs of Christmas
Portrait of Duke Ellington : For chorus of mixed voices (S.A.T.B) and piano accompaniment
Candiris kuoro
The Choral Singer's Companion
The art of the choral conductor. Vol. 1
Learner's manual : The struggle of the school of realism in music with the school of formalism in music : Satirical cantata for four basses, choir and piano
Joy to the world
Choral method : Tricinia
Choral conducting
Return to the centre of the earth
Folksong symphony
The very fairy princess : sparkles in the snow
Lively children's choir : joyful, playful, dancing : incentives and examples
Conducting a choir
Kordirektion : øvelser = Choir conducting : exercises
Orthodox shrines of the Russian north : Anthology the Solovki Monastery : Part I
The hidden chorus : echoes of genre in tragic lyric
Choral vocal technique : the choral warm-up
The Hidden Chorus investigates the relationship between the chorus of Greek tragedy and other types of choral song in Greek society. Choruses performed on a range of occasions in Greek culture, ranging from private weddings and funerals to large-scale religious festivals, yet the relationship between these everyday or 'ritual' choruses and the choruses of tragedy has never been systematically examined. L. A. Swift discusses choruses from five ritual genres: paian (religious songs of celebration or healing), epinikion (songs for athletic victors), partheneia (songs for the transitions of young girls), hymenaios (wedding song), and threnos (funerary song), and explores how these choral forms are evoked in tragedy. By examining the relationship between tragic and non-tragic choral song, she not only provides new insights into individual plays, but also enriches our understanding of the role poetry and song played in Greek life.
Favourite carols from King's
Orthodox shrines of the Russian north : Anthology the Solovki Monastery : Part II
Innocence and Despair
Body and soul
The breathing gym : exercises to improve breath control and airflow : for band, chorus, and orchestral winds
Conducting a choir : a guide for amateurs
Evoking sound : the choral warm-up : choral vocal technique
Wicked : (Choral highlights) : SATB
20th century Christmas collection
The choral warm-up collection : a sourcebook of 167 choral warm-ups contribute by 51 choral directors
Choral music
Wade in the Water : African American Sacred Music Traditions
Up front! : becoming the complete choral conductor
Irish folk songs
On the transmigration of souls
A choral wedding : a selection of favourite choral anthems and hymns for church weddings
Shakespeare in song
Jungle book
The tomb at Akr Çaar
Vocal chamber music : a performer's guide
A journey into Christmas = Matkalla jouluun
Ikon of light
Hymn to freedom
The State Academic Male Choir of Estonian SSR
Choruses of young women in ancient Greece : their morphology, religious role, and social functions
Shanties
Making more sense of how to sing : multisensory techniques for voice lessons and choir rehearsals
Set fire to the rain
Christmas Carols from Tewkesbury Abbey
Finnsingers : Finnish Musica-Choir and their native land
The Dream of Gerontius, op. 38
Voices for tomorrow : Sixth International Journal of Intercultural Arts Education
Carols for today
Christmas carols
Archaic and classical choral song : performance, politics and dissemination
The dynamic choral conductor
Choral director's guide
Teaching music through performance in choir. Volume 2
Doing their thing
Choral identity and the chorus of elders in Greek tragedy
Taize chants : Jesus remember, me
Papegöjebogen. For korledere : en sangbog, idébog og metodik for börnrkor
The choir : singing - leading - communicating
By special arrangement : Beautiful choral arrangements of favourite classics
The Bach Choir : the first hundred years
Pitch perfect : the quest for collegiate a cappella glory
Becoming a choral music teacher : a field experience workbook
Two preludes of T. S. Eliot : Op. 32.
Adeste Fideles : Christmas carols from Her Majesty's Chapel Royal
The best of Purcell
The Crown of Thorns : Music from the Eton Choirbook, Vol. II
Evoking sound : the choral warm-up : modal exercises
CARLOS FROM THE OLD & NEW WORLD. VOLUME 2
Christmas carols = Weihnachtslieder
You are the sunshine of my life
Yes we can!
Requiem and other sacred music
20 Christmas carols from Saint George's Chapel, Windsor Castle
We will sing! : Choral music experience for classroom choirs
How to be a successful choir director
Greatest hits
Carols from the old & new worlds
With a little help from my friends : 10 vocal parts/Gesangspartituren SSATB
Choral technics : a course integrating sight singing, vocal training, choral repertory, and musical understanding
Choral music education
South African gospel : Rich vocal harmonies of Southern Africa
Speak to me of love
Face to face with orchestra and chorus : a handbook for choral conductors
The Rickey Grundy Chorale
Orthodox shrines of the Russian north : Anthology the Tikhvin Monastery
Voice for life : choir trainer's book
Latviešu koru fenomens = The phenomenon of Latvian choirs
Israel In Egypt : Oratorio in twp parts HWV 54
Stimmen! Stimmen! = Voices! Voices! : Chöre der Welt = Choirs of the world : Riesige Ruf = Mighty call
Music in Latvia : 1st international music industry forum forte Riga may 20-23, 1999.
Successful performing : book 1
A royal tribute : music performed at the wedding of HRH Prince William and Kate Middleton April 29 2011
Coro
Danza! : a choral movement DVD
Abstract.
Choral mediations in Greek tragedy
Orchestral works. Volume 3
Agnus Dei : music of inner harmony
Emotion in action : Thucydides and the tragic chorus
On the last frontier
The art of the choral conductor. Vol. 2
Agnus dei : music of inner harmony
Behind the Closed Eye
The beat goes on : The evolution of rock'n roll
Bluebirds and crows : developing a singing culture in and out of school
Journey to the centre of the earth
Three songs : for SATB choir unaccompanied
Murder and Mendelssohn
Runo = Northern lights
Techniques in choral conducting
Disney movie magic : a choral medley
The Music makers op. 69
Jean Sibelius's works for mixed choir : a source study
Israel in Egypt : 1739 version 1 : including the original part 1 The lamentations of the Israelites for the death of Joseph (The ways of Zion do mourn)
Choral music methods and materials : developing successful choral programs (grades 5 to 12)
