http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21791 unconscious mind
unconscious mind the unconscious
The Proust effect : the senses as doorways to lost memories
Subliminal : the revolution of the new unconscious and what it teaches us about ourselves
Constructions of remembering and metacognition : essays in honour of Bruce Whittlesea
Social psychology and the unconscious : the automaticity of higher mental processes
"Meditation changed my life" : A study of experiences of Finnish meditation practitioners in Tampere
Descartes's philosophy has had a considerable influence on the modern conception of the mind, but many think that this influence has been largely negative. The main project of The Subject's Point of View is to argue that discarding certain elements of the Cartesian conception would be much more difficult than critics seem to allow, since it is tied to our understanding of basic notions, including the criteria for what makes someone a person, or one of us. The crucial feature of the Cartesian view defended here is not dualism--which is not adopted--but internalism. Internalism is opposed to the widely accepted externalist thesis, which states that some mental features constitutively depend on certain features of our physical and social environment. In contrast, this book defends the minority internalist view, which holds that the mind is autonomous, and though it is obviously affected by the environment, this influence is merely contingent and does not delimit what is thinkable in principle. Defenders of the externalist view often present their theory as the most thoroughgoing criticism of the Cartesian conception of the mind; Katalin Farkas offers a defence of an uncompromising internalist Cartesian conception.
The later Lacan : an introduction
Towards a phenomenology of repression : a Husserlian reply to the Freudian challenge
Kandel places these five innovators in the context of today's cutting-edge science and gives us a new understanding of the modernist art of Klimt, Kokoschka, and Schiele, as well as the school of thought of Freud and Schnitzler.
Unconscious memory representations in perception : processes and mechanisms in the brain
The dark matter of words : absence, unknowing, and emptiness in literature
Underworlds : philosophies of the unconscious from psychoanalysis to metaphysics
The red book = Liber novus
Consciousness : the science of subjectivity
Evidence is mounting that we are not as in control of our judgements and behavior as we think we are. Unconscious or 'automatic' forms of psychological and behavioral processes are those of which we tend to be unaware, that occur without our intention or consent, yet influence us on a daily basis in profound ways. Automatic processes influence our likes and dislikes for almost everything, as well as how we perceive other people, such as when we make stereotypic assumptions about someone based on their race or gender or social class. Even more strikingly, the latest research is showing that the aspects of life that are the richest experience and most important to us - such as emotions and our close relationships, as well as the pursuit of our important life tasks and goals - also have substantial unconscious components. "Social Psychology and the Unconscious: The Automaticity of Higher Mental Processes" offers a state-of-the-art review of the evidence and theory supporting the existence and the significance of automatic processes in our daily lives, with chapters by the leading researchers in this field today, across a spectrum of psychological phenomena from emotions and motivations to social judgement and behavior. The volume provides an introduction and overview of these now central topics to graduate students and researchers in social psychology and a range of allied disciplines with an interest in human behavior and the unconscious, such as cognitive psychology, philosophy of mind, political science, and business.
The undiscovered self
Phallic panic
Constructing the self
The unconscious at work : individual and organizational stress in the human services
"The aim of "Freudian Unconscious and Cognitive Neuroscience" is to create a conception of the Freudian things around the unconscious that takes seriously both the clinical data gathered in the scope of psychoanalytic clinical practice during the past 110 years, and the empirical and theoretical achievements of cognitive science and evolutionary theory. Tensions between the psychoanalytic and other views give a hint that the task is anything but easy."--BOOK JACKET.
The Age of Insight takes us to Vienna 1900, where leaders in science, medicine, and art began a revolution that changed forever how we think about the human mind--our conscious and unconscious thoughts and emotions--and how mind and brain relate to art. At the turn of the century, Vienna was the cultural capital of Europe. Artists and scientists met in glittering salons, where they freely exchanged ideas that led to revolutionary breakthroughs in psychology, brain science, literature, and art. Kandel takes us into the world of Vienna to trace, in rich and rewarding detail, the ideas and advances made then, and their enduring influence today. The Vienna School of Medicine led the way with its realization that truth lies hidden beneath the surface. That principle infused Viennese culture and strongly influenced the other pioneers of Vienna 1900. Sigmund Freud shocked the world with his insights into how our everyday unconscious aggressive and erotic desires are repressed and disguised in symbols, dreams, and behavior. Arthur Schnitzler revealed women's unconscious sexuality in his novels through his innovative use of the interior monologue. Gustav Klimt, Oscar Kokoschka, and Egon Schiele created startlingly evocative and honest portraits that expressed unconscious lust, desire, anxiety, and the fear of death. Kandel tells the story of how these pioneers--Freud, Schnitzler, Klimt, Kokoschka, and Schiele--inspired by the Vienna School of Medicine, in turn influenced the founders of the Vienna School of Art History to ask pivotal questions such as What does the viewer bring to a work of art? How does the beholder respond to it? These questions prompted new and ongoing discoveries in psychology and brain biology, leading to revelations about how we see and perceive, how we think and feel, and how we respond to and create works of art.^
The principle of hope. 1
The subject's point of view
Why we lie : the evolutionary roots of deception and the unconscious mind
Seeking heaven : sound journeys into the beyond
Anti-Oedipus : capitalism and schizophrenia
Consciousness : how matter becomes imagination
Your body is your subconscious mind
Impious fidelity : Anna Freud, psychoanalysis, politics
Impulse : why we do what we do without knowing why we do it
Leonard Mlodinow examines how the unconscious mind shapes our experience of the world, and how, for instance, we often misperceive everything from our relationships with family, friends and business associates, the reasons for our investment decisions, to our own past. Your preference in politicians, the amount of tip you give the waiter - all our judgments and perceptions - reflect the workings of our mind on two levels, the conscious, of which we are aware, and the unconscious, which is hidden from us. The latter has long been the subject of speculation, but over the past two decades scientific researchers have developed remarkable new tools for probing the hidden, or subliminal, workings of the mind. The result of this explosion of research is a new science of the unconscious, and a sea change in our understanding of how the mind affects the way we live. These discoveries have revealed that the way we experience life-our perception, behavior, memory, and social judgment - is largely driven by the mind's subliminal processes and not by the conscious ones, as we have long believed.
The structure of self-consciousness : a fourteenth-century debate
The aesthetic unconscious
Unconscious branding : how neuroscience can empower (and inspire) marketing
Psyche : on the development of the soul. Part 1, The unconscious
Culture and the unconscious
Sacred theatre
Art and the unconscious : a semiotic case study of the painting process
Handbook of self-knowledge
Un-train your brain : a formula for freedom (from the neurons that hold you back)
"For too long marketers have been asking the wrong question. If consumers make decisions unconsciously, why do we persist in asking them directly through traditional marketing research why they do what they do? They simply can't tell us because they don't really know. Before marketers develop strategies, they need to recognize that consumers have strategies too...human strategies, not consumer strategies. We need to go beyond asking why, and begin to ask how, behavior change occurs. Here, author Douglas Van Praet takes the most brilliant and revolutionary concepts from cognitive science and applies them to how we market, advertise, and consume in the modern digital age. Van Praet simplifies the most complex object in the known universe - the human brain - into seven codified actionable steps to behavior change. These steps are illustrated using real world examples from advertising, marketing, media and business to consciously unravel what brilliant marketers and ad practitioners have long done intuitively, deconstructing the real story behind some of the greatest marketing and business successes in recent history, such as Nike's "Just Do It" campaign; "Got Milk?"; Wendy's "Where's the Beef?" ; and the infamous Volkswagen "Punch Buggy" launch as well as their beloved "The Force" (Mini Darth Vader) Super Bowl commercial"--
Visual communication : integrating media, art and science across the disciplines
Speaking desires can be dangerous : the poetics of the unconscious
Unthink
The age of insight : the quest to understand the unconscious in art, mind, and brain, from Vienna 1900 to the present
The red book = Liber novus : a reader's edition
Gut feelings : the intelligence of the unconscious
Exploring inner experience : the descriptive experience sampling method
The Christopher Bollas reader
The suffering of body and mind : a bi-logical approach : the VI International Bi-logic Conference, Helsinki 29.8.-31.8.2008 : proceedings
Deleuze and the unconscious
The unconscious in philosophy, and French and European literature : nineteenth and early twentieth century
Freudian unconscious and cognitive neuroscience : from unconscious fantasies to neural algorithms
The private life : why we remain in the dark
The legacy of Sigmund Freud
The mission of art
Incognito : the secret lives of the brain
Orders of consciousness and forms of reflexivity in Descartes
Subliminal : how your unconscious mind rules your behavior
Acting, spectating, and the unconscious : a psychoanalytic perspective on unconscious processes of identification in the theatre
Our racist heart? : an exploration of unconscious prejudice in everyday life
The social unconscious : selected papers
The senses can be powerful triggers for memories of our past, eliciting a range of both positive and negative emotions. The smell or taste of a long forgotten sweet can stimulate a rich emotional response connected to our childhood, or a piece of music transport us back to our adolescence. Sense memories can be linked to all the senses - sound, vision, and even touch can also trigger intense and emotional memories of our past. In The Proust Effect, we learn about why sense memories are special, how they work in the brain, how they can enrich our daily life, and even how they can help those suffering from problems involving memory. A sense memory can be evoked by a smell, a taste, a flavour, a touch, a sound, a melody, a colour or a picture, or by some other involuntary sensory stimulus. Any of these can triggers a vivid, emotional reliving of a forgotten event in the past. Exploring the senses in thought-provoking scientific experiments and artistic projects, this fascinating book offers new insights into memory - drawn from neuroscience, the arts, and professions such as education, elderly care, health care therapy and the culinary profession.
The unconscious
Sensation : the new science of physical intelligence
"Containing contributions from world leaders honoring Bruce Whittlesea's lifetime contribution to memory research, this volume reflects the current understanding amongst memory researchers that memory is more than passive acquisition and retrieval, but involves constructions, attributions, and inferences"
Feeling the words : neuropsychoanalytic understanding of memory and the unconscious
From Aristotle's theory of tragic katharsis onwards, theorists of the theatre have long engaged with the question of what spectatorship entails. This question has, directly or indirectly, often been extended to the investigation of acting. Acting, Spectating, and the Unconscious approaches the unconscious aspects of spectatorship and acting afresh. Interweaving psychoanalytic descriptions of processes such as transference, unconscious phantasy, and alpha-function with an in-depth survey of theories of spectating and acting from thinkers such as Brecht, Diderot, Rousseau and Plato, Maria Grazia Turri offers a significant insight into the emotions inherent in both the art of the actor, and the spectator's experience. A compelling investigation of the unconscious communication between spectators and actors, this volume is a must-read for students and scholars fascinated by theatre spectatorship.
Cognition workbook : essays, demonstrations, and explorations
Reinventing the body, resurrecting the soul : how to create a new self
Sensation : the new psychology of physical intelligence
Intentionality and the problem of the unconscious
Spirit, the family, and the unconscious in Hegel's philosophy
The mind in nature
