http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21795 recycled products
recycled products
Making fantastic aliens and spaceships
Green is the new black : how to change the world with style
Dressed to fill : producing and filling PET bottles
Sew eco : sewing sustainable and re-used materials
1000 ideas for creatice use : remake, restyle, recycle, renew
The eco living handbook : a complete green guide for your home and life
The total beauty of sustainable products
Recycle : the essential guide
The shirt off his back : 30 projects for transforming everyday shirts into a range of home accessories
Cradle to cradle : remaking the way we make things
Systems evolution of waste and by-product management and bioenergy production
Process development for prototype circulation during product development -phase
Guerilla furniture design : how to build lean, modern furniture with salvaged materials
Polyester bottle resins : production, processing, properties and recycling
Optimization of dryer section for recycled paperboard
Print and production finishes for sustainable design
DIY wardrobe makeovers : alter, refresh & refashion your clothes : step-by-step sewing tutorials
Dozens of ways to repurpose scarves
Sock puppet madness : 35 colorful characters to make in minutes
Recraft : how to turn second-hand stuff into beautiful things for your home, family and friends
Steampunk softies : scientifically minded dolls from the past that never was
Take the craft challenge and turn an ordinary scarf into an amazing and inventive something else. Fuel your creativity while freshening up your wardrobe and home by totally transforming scarves.
The eco-design handbook : a complete sourcebook for the home and office
Craftcycle : 100+ eco-friendly projects and ideas for everyday living
Papermaking science and technology. Book 17, Pulp and paper testing
Junk for joy! : over 50 projects to inspire you to re-use and recycle
Eco books : inventive projects from the recycling bin
Marketing : the retro revolution
Green crafts for children : 35 step-by-step projects using natural, recycled and found materials
Textile advances in the automotive industry
Design for the environment
1000 new eco designs and where to find them
Packaging prototypes 3 : thinking green
Process : 50 product designs from concept to manufacture
Sock and glove : creating charming softy friends from cast-off socks and gloves
Sock and glove : creating charming soft friends from cast-off socks and gloves
Altered style : sewing & embellishing wearable fashions
The crafty minx : creative recycling and handmade treasures
True vision : authentic art journaling
Marketing communication plan for Willatar
Recycle It! : 26 creative projects
Papermaking science and technology. : Book 10. Papermaking : part 3, finishing
Vintage revised jewelry : 35 step-by-step projects inspired by lost, found and recycled treasures
Altered clothing : hip fixes and transformations with a needle and thread
Conversion of large scale wastes into value-added products
Generation T : 108 ways to transform a T-shirt
Making things from odds and ends
Eco-chic : the fashion paradox
The sustainable fashion handbook
Kirstie's homemade home
Biorenewable resources : engineering new products from agriculture
This thesis is the result of co-operation between Fastpap Oy, Räpina Paberivabrik AS and Tampere University of Applied Sciences. Work originated from Fastpap Oy and the target of this thesis work was to gain knowledge from the mill and the product in order to take the efficiency of the machine even further. Fastpap had delivered a comprehensive rebuild on the wet end of the machine. The results were good but the targeted production rate was not achieved. The old dryer section could not cope with the new capacity of the wet end. This thesis aims to collect all the information that helps to improve the efficiency of the dryer section. Couple of studies were already made to assess the current state of the machine. This work is a summary of those studies already made incorporating further machine concept and properties of the paperboard affecting to the drying efficiency.  The theoretical part of this thesis includes the operation principles of the conventional wire section. This was made to explain the origins of the two sidedness of the product. The drying section concept point of view was also included since the possible bottlenecks of the process would locate on this particular section. The experimental section of this thesis covered the analysis of the product. This analysis gave a vital information of the product to understand the drying process. Besides testing the basic properties of the paperboard, the air permeance and absorbency of the product were examined. Experimental drying simulation were also carried out. The results of the earlier studies from the machine concept point of view were included to gain comprehensive view from the process of this particular machine.  The results of the product analysis did not reveal any severe signs of the two sidedness of the paperweb affecting the drying process. Excluding the surface roughness of the paperboard, the results were quite uniform on the top and the wire side of the product. Some possible improvements on the machine concept point of view were discovered. Most of these discovered points of improvements were already covered in a way or another in the earlier studies. In addition, the assumed originating factors of these detected points were considered. This thesis gives a comprehensive idea of the operating process and the paperboard produced on site. These extensive results can be used as a tool for estimating the possible investments in the mill.
SustainAble : a handbook of materials and applications for graphic designers and their clients
Make garbage great : the terracycle family guide to a zero-waste lifestyle
Jewelry upcycled! : techniques and projects for reusing metal, glass, plastic, fiber and found objects
Earth-friendly waste management
Rediscovered treasures
Junk-box jewellery : 25 inspirational budget projects
Remake, restyle, reuse : easy ways to transform everday basics into inspired design
Recycled home : transform your home using salvaged materials
Thousands of prototypes are manufactured during one mobile device product development period. Prototypes are compulsory in order to create final product. During product development-phase prototypes are tested, studied and developed for final product. After testing or verification prototype is usually crushed and recycled. However, prototypes are costing money and with more effective prototype circulation, material and money can be saved. During product development, prototypes are also going through non-destructive tests and studies and it is investigated how to circulate those prototypes into another product development purposes within reasonable schedule. During development phase product prototype is verified to meet external and internal requirements. Prototypes are manufactured in smaller patches at first, but when moving closer to development phase end, manufacturing is moving into mass production and then prototype amounts are much higher. At the beginning of product development, there can be a gap between ordered and received prototype amounts, which can be a reflection of many items such as component availability and quality, prototype manufacturing issues or prototype immaturity. Because of smaller prototype patches at the beginning of product development, it would be beneficial to circulate suitable prototypes into following verification purposes inside product development. Developed process were piloted in actual product program development environment. Pilot period was 7 weeks. Pilot was done in one important product development organization. Piloted process result was clear and favoring agreed way of prototype circulation during product development?phase. While piloting process, couple of hundreds prototypes were able to circulate into next product development purpose after first primary activity. More prototypes were able to gain into verification areas and gap between ordered and received prototypescould be reduced. Calculations from economic and environmental perspective were made and savings were favoring prototype circulation process, even with lower circulation rates. Prototype amounts and prices as well as manufacturing costs are company confidential information, and those are not presented. Environmentally and economically it is smart to re-utilize tested, suitable and available prototypes instead of delivering prototypes into crushing and recycling.
Closet monsters : stitch creatures you'll love from clothing you don't
Green Supply Chain Management : Product Life Cycle Approach
T-shirt yarn : projects to crochet and knit
Vintage made modern : transforming timeworn textiles into treasured heirlooms
A study in eco- and trash design
Upcycled jewelry, bags, belts and more : 35 beautiful projects made from recycled materials
Upcycled accessories : 25 projects using repurposed plastic
Green guide for artists : nontoxic recipes, green art ideas, and resources for the eco-concious artist
DIY Fashion : [customize and personalize]
Entrophy : Müll und Kunst = garbage and art
Little green dresses : 50 original patterns for restyled dresses, tops, skirts, and more
Love Earth : 100 eco ideas + 100 eco designs
Green design : creative, sustainable designs for the twenty-first century
Refashioned : cutting-edge clothing from upcycled materials
Cool green stuff : a guide to finding great recycled, sustainable, renewable objects you will love
101 things to do with an envelope : [fun, functional and frivolous things to make out of envelopes]
Plastic wastes : management, control, recycling and disposal
Get the most from your clothes
Secondhand and vintage Berlin
Refashioned bags : upcycle anything into high-style handbags
Eco-craft : recycle, recraft, restyle
People's utility bicycle project
Sustainable plastics : environmental assessments of biobased, biodegradable, and recycled plastics
Denim mania : 25 stylish ways to transform your jeans
Junky styling : wardrobe surgery
