http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21709 fandom
fandom
Cult media, fandom and textiles : handicrafting as fan art
Let's spend the night together : backstage secrets of rock muses and supergroupies
"Fan CULTure explores how present-day fans interact with the films, television shows, books, and pop culture artifacts they love. From creating original works of fanfiction to influencing the content of major primetime series through social media, fans are no longer passive consumers. They have evolved into active participants in creating and shaping these works"--
You're never weird on the Internet (almost) : a memoir
Shirley Bassey : diamonds are forever : a celebration of my 50 years as her greatest fan
Kill the boy band
Understanding fandom : an introduction to the study of media fan culture
The Beatles in... Canada : the origins of beatlemania!
Finding the force of the Star wars franchise : fans, merchandise, & critics
The essays in this collection explore the relative influence of academic and fan perspectives in the current group of scholar-fans and the ethical dilemmas that sometimes emerge from this interplay of identities and the impact of the increasingly reciprocal relationship between textual producers and consumers.
Taylor Swift : everything has changed
Popular stories and promised lands : fan cultures and symbolic pilgrimages
Places of the imagination : media, tourism, culture
While fans used to be seen as an overly obsessed fringe audience, shifts in technology and production in the last few decades have made fandom a central mode of media consumption. An abundance of theorists have emerged in parallel to explore this phenomenon, many specializing in particular kinds of fan research. Although the volume will not address sports fandom, it will aim to include insights from research linked to many other kinds of media, including television and popular music fandom. With a foreword by Matt Hills, Understanding Fandom introduces the whole field of fan studies by looking at the history of debate, key paradigms and methodogical issues. The emphasis will be on showing how fan studies is an emergent interdisciplinary field with its own key scholars and a tradition that is distinct from both textual analysis and reception studies. It draws together a range of debates from media studies, cultural studies and psychology to argue that fandom is particular kind of an engagement with the power relations of media culture.
Fan fiction and copyright : outsider works and intellectual property protection
Dear 2Pac we'll always remember you : fan letters, poems, art
Jane Austen's cults and cultures
English national identity and football fan culture : who are ya?
Inside Charlie's chocolate factory : the complete story of Willy Wonka, the golden ticket and Roald Dahl's most famous creation
In Russia at the turn of the twentieth century, printed literature and performances - from celebrity narratives and opera fandom to revolutionary acts and political speeches - frequently articulated extreme emotional states and passionate belief. A uniquely intense approach to public life and private expression - the 'melodramatic imagination' - is at the center of this study. Previously, scholars have only indirectly addressed the everyday appropriation of melodramatic aesthetics in Russia, choosing to concentrate on canonical texts and producers of mass culture. Collective fantasies and affects are daunting objects of study, difficult to render, and almost impossible to prove empirically. Music and art historians, with some notable exceptions, have been reluctant to discuss reception for similar reasons. By analyzing the artifacts and practices of a commercialized opera culture, author Anna Fishzon provides a solution to these challenges. Her focus on celebrity and fandom as features of the melodramatic imagination helps illuminate Russian modernity and provides the groundwork for comparative studies of fin-de-siècle European popular and high culture, selfhood, authenticity, and political theater.
Fan's affect for music record formats : from vinyl LP to MP3
Narrators̕ voices in young girls speaking about fandom of the Spice Girls
U2 : the best of Propaganda : 20 years of the official U2 magazine
The Dylanologists : adventures in the land of Bob
Beatles in... Canada : the origins of beatlemania!
Around the world with One Direction : the true stories as told by the fans
Fandom, authenticity, and opera : mad acts and letter scenes in fin-de-siècle Russia
Summary in Finnish.
Sporting rhetoric : performance, games, and politics
"This book is the first to explore handicrafting practiced by media fans, their online fan communities and the multiple meanings they create. Based on in-depth ethnographic research into fans on the online social network for knitters, crocheters and crafters, Ravelry, Brigid Cherry explores textile craft by fans as both an artistic practice and transformative fan work. Including case studies of projects inspired by Doctor Who, True Blood, Firefly, Harry Potter, Sherlock and steampunk, the book engages with many forms of fan production, including fan art, fan fiction and cosplay. Fans of popular films and TV shows are increasingly engaging with textile crafts as a way of reworking, reimagining and engaging with cult media texts. Proving a global phenomenon amongst fan cultures in the digital media sphere, traditional film and TV audiences are forging their fan identities and participating in wider fan communities in innovative ways through online craft forums and blogs that showcase their knitting, crochet, spinning and dyeing projects. Exploring key debates from textile and media theory, surrounding gender, domesticity, the culture industries, audiences and fan culture, this book is essential reading for students of textiles, media studies, fashion, cultural and gender studies."--
The cult TV book
Around the world with Justin Bieber : true stories from Beliebers everywhere
Popular culture in Asia : memory, city, celebrity
Multilingual language use and metapragmatic reflexivity in Finnish internet football forums : a study in the sociolinguistics of globalization
Scanlation - the translation of Japanese comics by fans, for fans
Adolescents and online fan fiction
The image of football : case FIFA World Cup 2010TM, South Africa
Finnish fandom of Japanese popular culture : what are the Finns doing for anime, manga, and J-rock?
Transmedia storytelling and Lost path to success
Sound, society and the geography of popular music
Around the world with Justin Bieber : true stories from beliebers everywhere
5 Seconds Of Summer : hey, let's make a band!
"I have another D/G pottering around in my brain" : identity construction on a Harry Potter fanfiction forum
The world according to Star Wars
The Fan Fiction Studies Reader
Fantasy freaks and gaming geeks : an epic quest for reality among role players, online gamers, and other dwellers of imaginary realms
We love to hate each other : mediated football fan culture
Fan culture : theory/practice
"We fangirls need our fanservice" : a study on the topics of discussion in a predominantly female online football community
Beatlemania : technology, business, and teen culture in cold war America
Media, culture and society : an introduction
Values and attributes of volleyball by the fans in the FIVB Men's World Championships 2014
Invented religions have been described as modern religions which advertise their invented status and reject traditional strategies of authorisation. But what does it mean for a religious formation to be 'made up', and how might this status affect perceptions of its legitimacy or authenticity in wider society? Based in original fieldwork and archival sources, and in the secondary literature on invented and constructed formations, this volume explores the allure of, as well as the limits of, the invention of religion. Through a series of case studies, the contributors discuss strategies of mobilization and legitimation for new traditions at their point of emergence, as well as taking issue with simplistic interpretations of the phenomenon which neglect wider cultural and political dimensions. This book was originally published as a special issue of Culture and Religion.
Fan fiction and fan communities in the age of the Internet : new essays
"Why do women follow sports? How do they participate from the sidelines and what is the significance of this contribution? What can female fandom tell us about gender relations in sport? This book explores these and related questions by bringing together the varied strands of research being conducted internationally across the social sciences and humanities on this emerging and topical field. While sports spectatorship is a popular and well-respected site of analysis, no book-length, scholarly contribution documents womens experiences of sports fandom. For this reason, there is an obvious need for a book that offers researchers, students and non-professional readers an authoritative introduction to womens modes of sport support. Sport and Its Female Fans will be a landmark contribution in the field of sport research and in studies of sports fandom, making an original contribution to the growing, yet under-researched, area of female sports spectators"--
Textual poachers : television fans and participatory culture
Writings about the Finnish Fandom of the Spice Girls Band
Sport and its female fans
Football, fascism and fandom : the UltraS of Italian football
Traveller and fan identities of the Finnish football fans
Fans, friends & followers : building an audience and a creative career
Media audiences and identity : self-construction in the fan experience
5 Seconds Of Summer : the ultimate fan book
Islands of eight million smiles : idol performance and symbolic production in contemporary Japan
The rebirth of Dinamo Riga : from the glorious Soviet past to the Kontinental hockey league
Contemporary tourist experience : concepts and consequences
"Most sociological work on football fandom has focused on the 'malestream', i.e. the experience of men, and it usually talks about socially 'deviant' behaviours, such as alcohol, fighting and general hooliganism. Yet there have always been female fans of football - even if they have been ignored or written out of the literature. This book shows that there are some unique facets of female experience, including a strong engagement with the new cooperative supporters' trust movement, and fascinating negotiations of identity within this male-dominated world. It draws upon in-depth responsive interviews to put together a broad picture of women's experiences of men's professional football in England. "--
Television vampire fandom and religion
Popular music fandom : identities, roles and practices
UTILIZING FANDOMS AS A SEMI-CONTROLLED WORD OF MOUTH COMMUNICATION CHANNEL IN POPULAR CULTURE
The iconoclast's guide to music : unraveling the mindest of a music snob in 50 digestible chunks
Fan culture : essays on participatory fandom in the 21st century
Narrative in creative brands
The contemporary image of hikikomori and otaku phenomena in mass media
One Direction confidential : unofficial and unauthorized
Justin Bieber confidential : unofficial and unauthorized
The problem of invented religions
The city is ablaze! : the story of a post-punk popzine, 1984-1994
Star Wars
An ethnography of English football fans : cans, cops and carnivals
Cosplay fever
Gender and media : representing, producing, consuming
Fantasy and belief : alternative religions, popular narratives and digital cultures
Female football fans : community, identity and sexism
Letters to my idol : from the girl on the train
Soccer and philosophy : beautiful thoughts on the beautiful game
The Moé manifesto : an insider's look at the worlds of manga, anime, and gaming
Love is the drug
The Ashgate research companion to fan cultures
The transcendences of listening to music : how listening to Bob Dylan moves his fans
Fear and loathing in La Liga : Barcelona vs Real Madrid
Cosplay fever red
Notes on fan organization : organization of consumption in copyrighted economy
Happily ever after : celebrating Jane Austen's Pride and prejudice
Sports mania : essays on fandom and the media in the 21st century
The participatory cultures handbook
