http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21753 educating oneself
educating oneself schooling oneself
Obligations, loyalties, conflicts : highly educated women and family life in Nairobi, Kenya
Enhancing staff & educational development
Career management & work-life integration : using self-assessment to navigate contemporary careers
Teaching in higher education : from content-focused to learning-focused approaches to teaching
Life beyond the classroom : transition strategies for young people with disabilities
Best practice in performance coaching : a handbook for leaders, coaches, HR professionals and organizations
Religion, economics, and demography : the effects of religion on education, work, and the family
Effects of globalization on the cultural continuity of Nepalese society : a case study on the educational process in the traditional Damai community of Yogidada village
Voice, silence, and self : negotiations of Buraku identity in contemporary Japan
Abstract.
Governing educational desire : culture, politics, and schooling in China
So you want to be a Jedi? : Star Wars : the empire strikes back
"Career Management & Work-Life Integration: Using Self-Assessment to Navigate Contemporary Careers is a comprehensive, easy-to-follow guide to managing contemporary careers. Although grounded in theory and research, the book also provides an extensive set of exercises and activities that can guide individual's career management over a lifespan. Authors Brad Harrington and Douglas T. Hall offer a highly useful and accessible guide for those who strive for success in a meaningful career while also living a happy, well-balanced life." "Career Management & Work-Life Integration is a great resource for individuals who seek greater control over their careers and better integration between their professional and personal lives. It is an excellent resource for employers and career planning offices. This book is also ideal for undergraduate and graduate courses in Career Management, Leadership Development, Organizational Behavior, and Human Resource Management in the departments of business, management, and organizational psychology."--BOOK JACKET.
Summary.
Building business foresight for future demands of business people
Entering higher education : gender and class perspectives
Losing ground : American social policy, 1950-1980
Poverty and literacy
"Based on extensive ethnographic research and interviews, this longitudinal work explores the experience of Burakumin youth from two different communities and with different social movement organizations"--
