http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21760 light-emitting diodes
light-emitting diodes LEDs
Introduction to solid-state lighting
Research and development of electronic ballasts for smart lighting systems with light emitting diodes
Shift : an interactive device for demonstrating light guides
Led Zeppelin day by day
LED lighting
Mojo : The roots of Led Zeppelin. 15 classic tracks that inspired Britain's most legendary rock band
In their own words
To operate e-business of LED market in China
Early days
UVC irradiation based water treatment : astudy of UV light emitting diodes, atomic layer deposited TiO2 and novel applications
Latter days : The best of Led Zeppelin volume two
Fashioning technology : a DIY intro to smart crafting
The applications and opportunities of LED lights in households : case Jercotec Ky
User acceptance studies for LED office lighting : light spectrum and correlated colour temperature
Spectrally tunable light sources for implementing computationally designed illuminations
Water recycling and energy management in Virolan puutarha
LED lighting combined with solar panels in developing countries
The world's first of a new age
Proceedings of Next 2008 : the fifth International New Exploratory Technologies Conference, August 20th-22nd, 2008, Turku, Finland
Market research on Led Products in Finland : Case: Z-Sen Automatic Electric Co. Ltd.
Optoelectronics and photonics : principles and practices
Led Zeppelin : heaven and hell : an illustrated history
LED packaging for lighting applications : design, manufacturing, and testing
Modernisation of power plant lighting with LED lighting
ICEP 2009 : International conference on electronics packaking, April 14-16, 2009, Kyoto, Japan
Highly efficient OLEDs with phosphorescent materials
lighting system prototype that responds to a number of external and inbuilt phone sensors and manual phone commands. An application prototype has been built on AndroidTM and Bluetooth has been used to set up communication between the smart phone and LED controller.
Led Zeppelin : a celebration
Let's Eppelin : Led Zeppelin tribute band
Practical lighting design with LEDs
Smart phone based context-aware application for LED lighting
The aim of this Bachelor thesis was to prove the concept and the main solution for the electronic equipment 'wheel of fortune ' by applying an embedded system, an electric circuit design and a micro controller technology. The work was commissioned by firm Huvireppu Ay and started in January 2014. To achieve this aim it needed fully to understand how to build the basic electric circuit inside the equipment. The key feature of the project was to design a clockwise rotating wheel which was used in the project 'wheel of fortune ' as the most important part of this designing scheme. The design was implemented by using the embedded system technology. Using a microchip connected to the electric circuit controlling the running speed of the ‘wheel,’ and also can randomly stop the 'wheel' while doing the clockwise rotate. In the project work, two schemes were being used, and they have different principles and use different component, but they all achieve the same goal: The wheel does a clockwise rotate and randomly stops. Option one will use LEDs for the running of the wheel and using the 555 timer IC as a time delay chip, randomly slowing and lighting a group of LED lights that are used as the pointer of the wheel. Option two is using the mechanical solution; connecting the device to a stepper motor and using it as the pointer of the wheel and using the timer delay chip randomly stopping it as the pointer stop during the game time. Although the solution of this project was made, and the basic electric circuit diagram is complete, this practical design still carries a significant potential for future upgrading .It is still useful to those programmer adjusting and re coding the inner program of the microchip and applying to other similar electric device. To this 'wheel of fortune' electric equipment, more components can be added to perfect the additional function of the device.
Energy efficiency and colour quality improvement and subjective preference of LED office lighting
Fabrication of InGaN quantum wells for LED applications
UVC irradiation based water treatment : a study of UV light emitting diodes, atomic layer deposited TiO2 and novel applications
Acquisition of multispectral color images using light-emitting diodes
On tour with Led Zeppelin
From computational models to improved light-emitting diodes and new devices
Power supplies for LED driving
Robert Plant : a life
Reverse rotogravure printing technology combines electronics and paper
Early days : The best of Led Zeppelin volume one
Peter Grant : the man who led Zeppelin
Led Zeppelin : a photographic collection
Stairways to the songbook of Led Zeppelin : Homage to the legend
Light shadow : a study of the effects of light and colour on our emotions and its application in lightning design
Subjective preference of light colour and LED lighting
Led Zeppelin : The definitive biography
The OLED handbook : a guide to OLED technology, industry & market
Characterization of light emitting diodes and photometer quality factors
Organic light-emitting devices : synthesis, properties and applications
The importance of Eco-Agriculture is getting more and more serious nowadays because of rapid world population growth. People need food to live. Energy and water are two important facts for every plant to grow and develop. Without energy and water no food can be produced. Energy and water resources are not fairly distributed in this planet. In some areas like the Middle East and African countries water if the limiting fact for producing food. This is in a way that these countries have lots of energy resources and sun-shine. In other side of the world the situation is totally different. In European countries for example, water is not a problem. They have enough water resources but energy and sunlight is not enough for plants to grow and produce food.   Producing food in closed water system could be a good solution for Eastern countries with less water resources. In a closed water recycling system, the water could be mechanically treated or filtered and reused. This system has no harm for environment and ground water resources. In this thesis one of the most efficient water recycling systems in form of Hydroponic method of growing plants will be introduced. This closed system however has some problems like algal growth prevention which is one of the main topics of this work.
Led Zeppelin  : the illustrated biography
Houses of The Holy [Äänite]
Usage and control of solid-state lighting for plant growth
Latter days : the best of Led Zeppelin. Volume two
Electroluminescence in organic light-emitting diodes : basics, processes, and optimizations
Applying of Embedded System : Wheel of Fortune Project
Light-emitting diodes
LED toolbox : Elektor designer's companion
Semiconducting polymers  : chemistry, physics and engineering
Idleply : a concept for the future of OLED lighting
Experimental investigations on growth of GaN-based materials for light emitting applications
Green lighting : how energy-efficient lighting can save you money and reduce your carbon footprint
Following the principle of Elektor's Toolbox series, this DVD-ROM contains carefully-sorted comprehensive technical documentation (optical properties, electrical characteristics, mounting, life expectancy, etc.) about and around LEDs. For standard models (through-hole, SMD), and for a selection of LED modules (ribbons, light bars, bargraphs, and other LED clusters), this Toolbox gathers together data sheets from all the manufacturers, application notes, design guides, white papers and so on.
Hammer of the gods : The Led Zeppelin saga
Luminescence : from theory to applications
The illustrated collector's guide to Led Zeppelin. Volume 2
LED lighting for urban agriculture
Energy efficient lighting systems in buildings with integrated photovoltaics
Characterizing the reliability of solid-state lighting electrical drivers
"This book covers all of the information needed to design LEDs into end-products. It is a practical guide, primarily explaning how things are done by practicing engineers. Equations are used only for practical calculations, and are kept to the level of high-school algebra. There are numerous drawings and schematics showing how things such as measurements are actually made, and showing curcuits that actually work. There are practical notes and examples embedded in the text that give pointers and how-to guides on many of the book's topics. After reading each chapter of the book, readers will have the knowledge to implement practical designs. This book will be kept as a reference tool for years to come"--.
From LED die to a lighting system : performance improvement in LED lighting by means of thermal management and smart control
Inkjet-printed quantum dot hybrid light-emitting devices : towards display applications
Led Zeppelin : good times, bad times
Principles of solar cells, LEDs and diodes : the role of the PN junction
Digital addressable lighting interface = Interface d'éclairage adressable numérique. Part  207 = Partie 207, Particular requirements for control gear - LED modules (device type 6) = Exigences particulieres pour les appareillages de commande - Modules de DEL (dispositfs de type 6)
Enconium : a tribute to Led Zeppelin
Sample preparation method and synchronized thermography to characterize uniformity of conductive thin films
Inkjet-printed quantum dot hybrid light-emitting devices - towards display applications
LEDs for lighting applications
From LED die to a lighting system:performance improvement in LED lighting by means of thermal
management and smart control
III-nitride based light emitting diodes and applications
Religion and royal justice in early modern France : the Paris Chambre de l'Edit, 1598-1665
Understanding LED illumination
LZ  - '75 : /the lost chronicles of Led Zeppelin's 1975 American tour
Market study of LED technology in household lightning
Applying of the embedded system : Wheel of Fortune project
Dotted landscape : constructive research into interactive displays in shared spaces
A user-centered design of discomfort glare evaluation for white LED light sources
Embedded system demonstration device : case: propeller display
