http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21761 business models
business models
The failure and the future of accounting : strategy, stakeholders, and business value
Mobile service innovation and business models
Exploring the transport system under technological change : market, business ecosystem and business model viewpoints
Examining business models of Software-as-a-Service companies
On providing reliable and economical intranet connectivity
Comparative analysis of solar PV business models
Business model of gaming platforms : redefining Atari business model
The purpose of the case study was to evaluate the expansion of contract manufacturing capacities at Biovian Ltd, a biopharmaceutical contract development and manufacturing company. Starting point for the study was the fact that Biovian received an initiative for expansion from one of the clients to manufacture continuously a biopharmaceutical product for sales. The aim was to estimate the required size of investment as well as to make predictions about the payback period of the investment. Pre-requisites for the manufacturing capacity expansion were identified. A project plan and schedule was drawn up. Plans were laid out for expansion of the manufacturing plant, equipment acquisitions and personnel resources. Technology transfer of the production method was included in the planning. The plans were used to estimate capital expenditures required for the investment. Additionally, the fixed costs were forecasted.This in turn helped to predict the payback period and to justify pricing. The business model of continuous manufacturing is different from Biovian's current business model for contract development and manufacturing. The differences between the two business models were studied and compared. The purpose of the comparisons was to provide company management with new viewpoints for investment decisions. Finally, in the concluding part, the case study findings and observations were reflected on in light of literature on the biopharmaceutical industry. The growing biopharmaceutical market, current shortage of contract manufacturing capacity, and the outsourcing market trend all support investments into manufacturing capacity. The client's commitment to a long-term contract was perceived as the greatest risk for the investment decision.In order to ensure the client's commitment and to distribute the capital risks equally, an initiative for new strategic partnership between the company and the client was suggested. The results in this case study were used by the company in preparing for and conducting contract negotiations.
Service value chain in AAVA Camp business model : case study AAVA Camp Finland
Effects of new logistics services on restaurants' business model and strategy
Why did electronic B2B marketplaces fail? : case study of an agricultural commodity exchange
Businesss model generation for a nonprofit organization : Pirkanmaan Protopajaverkosto
Business model captured?:variation in the use of business models
Educational mobile game : math jump, from concept to a published title
Business models for life science and biotech companies : creating value and competitive advantage with the Milestone Bridge
The purpose of this thesis is to introduce the software product business, business models and processes and give a practical approach to licensing principles and a software asset management. The software product business is living a new era due to break-through innovations concerning application, workstation and server virtualization. This process has influenced on the whole branch and forced manufacturers, distributors and resellers to their licensing policies and earning logics. The ICT-cluster is in front of the new challenges, because of the shortened life cycle of the products and continuously moving economical aspects caused by the customers, which are not willing to pay according to same licensing principles as before. The software asset management is both the challenge and the answer for the customer organizations to get direct and indirect software licensing savings and better license management. The traditional licensing policy and management are the challenges for the customers and the changes mentioned above will make it more difficult than ever. The need of the overall understanding is to acquire dedicated persons or specialized service providers to plan and manage the software asset management processes to get the best possible features and benefits of the software asset management concept. The added-value of this thesis is to give a set of tools to understand the complex licensing policy and pay attention to the possibilities of the software asset management concept.
The future of service business innovation
Green fashion. Volume 2
Digital service concepts and business models : current state and future prospects
Market research on luxury e-business in China
Exploring business models for medical games : key components and challenges
Business models for material efficiency services : conceptualization and application
Investment into new manufacturing capacity : case study
Business modeling in turbulent environments
Restaurant-bar strategic behaviors in Oulu city centre 2014 : analysis of competitive advantage, performance patterns and success-achievement results
Import-Export Business Plan
Application of open innovation paradigm in small and medical enterprises in Russia
Challenges for growth in small Finnish software firms : a multiple-case study
"Operations management designs, controls, and oversees the production of a company's goods/services and makes sure this process is both efficient and effective for the consumer. It should be a part of board room discussions and integral in a company's business model and strategic management. After much research and think tank consulting, authors Martin Christopher and Alan Braithwaite believe that business strategies hardly recognize operations management. They maintain that operations need to be seen as more strategic and have highlighted the core fundamentals that business leaders need to be guided by in Business Operations Models. Illustrated by emotive visualization and international case studies, this book offers new thinking in logistics, supply chain management, and operations management"--
Dynamic aspects of business models in mobile game companies
An unAmerican business : the rise of the new European enterprise
The business models and the 7P's of the marketing mix in the changing music business
Social innovation in the private sector : evaluating the effectiveness of the business model canvas in fostering social value creation
Integrating business models and knowledge management
Early stages of technology intensive companies
Governance of infrastructure networks : development avenues for the Finnish water and sewage sector
Ten steps to innovation heaven : how to create future growth and competitive strength
Business aspects of web services
Study on the existence and development of e-commerce of brokers from the view of information imbalance
Sharing is emerging as one of the megatrends influencing future business opportunities, and wireless communications is no exception to this development. Future mobile broadband networks will operate on different types of spectrum bands including shared spectrum, which calls for changes in the operation and management of the networks. The creation and capture of value by the different players in the mobile broadband ecosystem is expected to change due to regulation, technology, and business landscape related drivers that concern not only spectrum sharing, but also sharing of other resources such as infrastructure, technologies, or data. This thesis examines the key business and technology enablers needed to exploit spectrum sharing in mobile broadband networks, and presents the business model characteristics and strategic choices that spectrum sharing concepts support. Action research and integral scenarios methodologies were applied for strategic and business analysis utilizing the capacity and expertise of the policy, business and technology research communities. The thesis introduces a new approach to analyze the scalability of the spectrum sharing concepts and their business model elements utilizing sharing economy antecedent factors. The results indicate that all analyzed sharing concepts meet basic requirements to scale. The Licensed Shared Access (LSA) leverages existing assets and capabilities of the mobile network operator domain, the Citizens Broadband Radio Service (CBRS) extends the business model dynamics from connectivity to content, context and commerce, and the hybrid usage of Ultra High Frequency (UHF) band by Digital Terrestrial TV (DTT) and downlink Long Term Evolution (LTE) (HUHF) enables new collaborative opportunities between converging communication, Internet and media domains. The thesis validates the feasibility of spectrum sharing between mobile broadband networks and other types of incumbent spectrum users utilizing Finnish cognitive radio field trial environment (CORE), and expands the notion of spectrum sharing beyond the mobile broadband domain to be applied to other wireless systems including the media and broadcasting. The presented results can be used in developing the future mobile broadband systems enhanced with innovative spectrum sharing enabled business models to cope with the growing demand for capacity and new services by humans and machines.
Role of service and data reuse in enterprises
Virtual goods sales : new requirements for business modelling?
Theoretical background for market emergence framework : case: electricity distribution industry
Reinventing management : smarter choices for getting work done
The China Business Model: Originality and Limits emphasizes transformation of the Chinese Business Model over the last decades. The impact of the financial crisis on China helps the reader understand its evolution towards capitalism. Topics covered include CSR, leadership, and management in China, how do these organizations impact the performance of companies, the financing policy of Chinese firms and its evolution till the slowdown, finance and business in China, and how could the banking sector and/or the financial markets help the development of Chinese companies?
Relentless innovation : what works, what doesn't - and what that means for your business
Strategic change towards future industrial service business
Concerns about food and energy security, coupled with increasing returns from agriculture, have increased interest in agricultural investments in developing countries. Public debates about "land grabbing" have questioned the socio-economic impacts of large-scale land acquisitions. There is new interest in business models involving collaboration between companies and communities. In Eastern Malaysia, community-investor business models have been implemented for several years to expand oil palm cultivation in customarily held lands. This report documents lessons learned through case studies of different business models.
Market analysis and business opportunity evaluation of entering Chinese medical waste treatment industry
The base of the pyramid promise : building businesses with impact and scale
Open government data: legal, economical, and semantic web aspects
Distribution channels [Elektroninen aineisto] : understanding and managing channels to market
The role of business models in construction business management
Business Ecosystem Under Construction
Business Models and Market Entry Mode Choice of Small Software Firms
Innovation playbook : a revolution in business excellence
Exploring the transformation of media sector through the lens of service-dominant (S-D) logic
The solution business model : boosting organic growth through cross-functional solution sales
Major changes underway in European banking sector
Innovation development to new business in incumbent firms : a case study on the pharmaceutical companies in Finland
Impact of disruptions on collaborative business models and interorganizational networks in supply management : longitudinal contextual analysis of the business networks of two focal companies
E-business innovation and process management
Direct-2-fan business model in music business
Conceptual framework for analyzing business models in embedded software industry
Nowadays embedded software is adapted into many areas. Recently, the industry has recorded a phenomenal growth exceeding the software product industry by employing a large number of software developers. However, given the global competition and international pressures the industry faces, companies are meeting constant challenges forcing them to look for innovative ways to improve revenues. The objective of this thesis is to demonstrate how the revenues can be improved and maximized in embed-ded software business. For the embedded software industry, there are not many studies that discuss appropri-ate revenue models. One intention is to determine the current existing revenue models in other industries. In doing so, the research seeks to identify workable revenue models that can be applied for embedded software business. Revenue innovation requires an understanding of the potential revenue sources, the profitability of each revenue stream. It is also necessary to know what value to offer, how to price the value, and who compensates for the value. In this range, the revenue model is a framework of the revenue generation. The theoretical framework of this study was based on the examination of the concept of the revenue model and its inter-connection to other related concepts such as strategy and business models. The study was exploratory focusing on a literature review. The analytical approach was qualitative and the study data was concentrated on earlier studies. As a result, the research found a considerable range of revenue models that could be applied depending on the software application. At least five revenue streams in princi-pal the embedded software companies can consider as sources of revenue. These reve-nue streams are, direct product sale, version upgrade, software maintenance, compo-nentization and value integration..
Business model formation for innovation based international new venture : Case Jumppex
Synthetic worlds : emerging technologies in education and economics
Success factors of commercial open source software projects
Conscription of Network Business Models
The elastic enterprise : the new manifesto for business revolution
Rearranging a business model towards market orientation : strategic and operational dimensions and the impact of E-commerce
The art of opportunity : how to build growth and ventures through strategic innovation and visual thinking
Consolidated challenge to social demand for resilient platforms : lessons from Uber's global expansion
Assessing the integration of business models into value networks - a value perspective
Creating a data-driven organization : practical advice from the trenches
Business opportunity of municipal sewage sludge treatment in China
Business models of online brokers - an overview of the Finnish market
Community-investor business models : lessons from the oil palm sector in East Malaysia
SimplySeven : seven ways to create a sustainable Internet business
Transport systems are continuously evolving. A modern transport system needs to be sustainable socially, economically and environmentally. In recent decades, technological development, especially in information and communication technology, has affected today's transport systems. Three different cases are explored in this dissertation: intelligent transport systems in general, electromobility systems, and road weather and maintenance systems. Intelligent transport systems encompass a broad range of information and communication technologies that improve the safety, efficiency and performance of the transportation system. In addition to intelligent transport systems, electric vehicle systems have emerged because of increasing environmental concerns as well as oil depletion issues. Furthermore, the road weather and maintenance system is an interesting case especially in latitudes with severe weather. Despite vast amounts of recent research on the aforementioned topics, most previous studies have focused on the technical side, such as developing, prototyping and testing the technologies, whereas only a few studies have focused on the business aspects. Therefore, this dissertation aims to enrich the analysis of the emerging transportation sector under technological change from the business perspective and to provide new insights for future research. The purpose of this study is to explore the emerging transportation sector from several viewpoints by conducting empirical case studies. The cases covered are analysed through the perspectives of markets, business ecosystems and business models. The geographical scope of the research is mainly limited to Finland, especially its intelligent transport systems and road weather maintenance infrastructure. The global perspective is adopted in the case of electric vehicles. The nature of this research is qualitative, and inductive reasoning is applied. The research examines the characteristics of the market, business ecosystem, and business models that emerge transport systems under technological change. Furthermore, based on the findings of the case studies, a holistic framework model is developed to understand the technological system by integrating the viewpoints of markets, business ecosystems and business models
Music industry's business models in the digital era focused on indie artists : a study case
Strategic insights for competitive advantage through connected products
IFRS 9 'Financial instruments' : anticipated effects of the standard change at Kesko Group
Solution business : building a platform for organic growth
DENSY - Distributed Energy Systems 2003-2007 : final report
Business model analysis on Android app stores
Nigeria`s WEEE market : business opportunity for Finnish SMEs
Building dragons : digital transformation in the experience economy
This paper is an overview on the Open Government Data (OGD) environment in the EU. It aims to point out the relevant legal issues together with the economic aspects arising from the disclosure and exploitation of OGD. Therefore, the paper highlights the noteworthy technological aspects related with the opening of OGD datasets. This survey is based on an interdisciplinary approach. Interdisciplinarity in the digital environment means that OGD should be considered as an integrated, interoperable and collaborative ecosystem. The main legislative source taken into account for the survey is the Directive 2003/98/EC on the re-use of public sector information as recently amended by the Directive 37/2013/EU..
The big pad of 50 blank, extra-large business model canvases and 50 blank, extra-large value proposition canvases : a supplement to Business model generation and value proposition design
Open innovation through strategic alliances : approaches for product, technology, and business model creation
Freemium business model in the music streaming services : perceived value for money with free and paid accounts
Media management : leveraging content for profitable growth
Business models for Finnish biobanks : exploring commercial possibilities and barriers of biobanks
Enabling disruptive business model innovation with cloud computing : Perceptions of Finnish CEOs and CIOs
Solution business model for energy efficiency
Alteration in business models of electricity distribution companies : a case of smart metering
Innovative business opportunities for high-autonomous vehicles : a user-centric oriented approach within Volkswagen A.G
Essays on electronic business models and their evaluation
Evaluation of opportunities in e-waste processing facility investment in Pune, India
Brand new : solving the innovation paradox - how great brands invent and launch new products, services, and business models
Business Plan for PG World Agency
Open-source software strategy and business ecosystems
Revenue models in embedded software business
Supplying small solar photovoltaic systems to Hanoi, Vietnam
A dynamic business model for high-tech industry in a global environment : the origin of operational patterns by means of social selection
Connected community - a new approach to business strategy
Exploration of network-based digital business ecosystems and the models within
Business model concept : building on resource components
Turning consumers into partners : creating opportunities for business model innovation in retailing
The objective is to measure direct and indirect competitors’ operating strategies, in order to evaluate their performance and make comparisons. The results are essential information for Coyoacán restaurant that will open on November 2014 on the street of Hallituskatu number 27. The 5 companies chosen represent the median values of all the competitors under a 93.75% certainty. The chosen “Subjects of Study” are: 1) Burgeribaari Kauppuri 5 (Bar & Grill Kauppuri 5 Oy) Fast-Food/Bar 2) Fit Wok (The Wokers Oy) 3) Indian Cuisine (Katiusa Oy) 4) Kiinalainen Ravintola Flavour Palace (Suo Zi Oy) 5) Tuba Food & Lounge (Oulu Tours Gorup Oy) Fast-Food/Bar Two “Subjects of Study” represent the Fast-Food/Bar business model, which is a trend of business model that many restaurants and bars are adopting, and they seem to be as well the most successful restaurants in Oulu city center area. Information is collected throughout two main sources researched, interviews and observation. First and second hand sources such as interviews, printed and online materials. All data gathered is spread into two main categories: The Marketing Mix 4 p’s and Jim Collin’s framework. With a 93.75% of certainty this research found out that the Business Model of the Fast-Food/Bar is the most efficient. The sales of alcohol, customer service features and logistics result in highly performance numbers. Subjects of study that fit with this business model are close to tripling the Net Sales of year 2013 in comparison to the rest of the companies. There is no evidence that necessarily hamburgers and beer is the key for success. However it is interesting to point-out that there is still not a Fast-Food/Bar in Oulu that wisely uses the same business model and presents a different menu with interesting and new ideas.
Business model captured? : variation in the use of business models
The new oil : using innovative business models to turn data into profit
The role of business model in computer game development organizations
Business model analysis in asset management : the case JRS Finanzmandate Gmbh
Extranet in development of Customer Relationships of a sawmill company
Mashup corporations : the end of business as usual
Connected community : a new approach to business strategy
Regulation of European banks and business models : towards a new paradigm?
Competing for a sustainable world : building capacity for sustainable innovation
Developing a business case : expert solutions to everyday challenges
New business models for construction industry in Finland
Business models for Finnish biobanks : exploring commercial possiblities and barriers of biobanks
Business Modelling for ICT based services targeted to Intellectually Disabled People
Software product business: business models and processes : a practical approach to licensing principles and a software asset management
An introduction to management consultancy
Business idea into reality : case : start-up company of gala dresses
Scaling lean : mastering the key metrics for startup growth
A bivariate autoregressive probit model : predicting U.S. business cycle and growth rate cycle recessions
Governance of infrastructure networks:development avenues for the Finnish water and sewage sector
How to Sell SaaS: A Model for Main Factors of Marketing and Selling Software-as-a-Service
Microbusiness : A new social business model to alleviate poverty in developing countries?
Organizational transformation through business models : a framework for business model design
Platform configuration in e-business : new paradigms and dimensions
Applying Business Model Canvas with Service-Dominant Logic for Child Sponsorship
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
Business models and internationalization in knowledge intensive business services
Analysis of technology and business antecedents for spectrum sharing in mobile broadband networks
How to build an experience differentiation strategy for software business : customer values perspective
Exploring business models in ecosystemic contexts
Last 50 years have been witness significant changes in production processes fuelled by rapid technological advances, easy access to information and an ongoing trend towards globalization. As the level of commercial exchanges between countries grew, competition between firms became more intense, concurring to increased and improved product offers and need for continuous innovation. Most firms faced the dilemma of either becoming global players or vanish. In their endeavours to survive or gain supremacy on the market, firms further developed not only their product offering, but also worked out new business models and strategies that helped them to use their resources at their best and strengthen market position. Consequently, last decades have been witness significant shifts from traditional strategic approaches, based on vertical integration, towards promotion of collaboration and innovation in inter-firm relationships, and also visible trends towards diversifying firms' business strategies. As prestigious scholars had noticed correlations between company's success rate and its business model, the study of strategies employed by modern businesses became more wide-spread than before. The present thesis tries to bring into light one strategic approach that is becoming more and more popular among firms: connected community, also know as open business ecosystem strategy. It involves collaboration between business partners and competitors, for the research and development of innovative products and services that suits best customer's needs. By fostering collaboration and sharing principles, the strategy changes somehow the paradigm that implies the fact that only fierce competition can increase a firm' market share, showing that cooperation and fair practices have potential to play a significant role in an enterprise success. Using methods specific to case study research, the thesis make the reader understand what is a connected community strategy, how the strategy is applied in real-life situations, what are its benefits, and what kind of challenges could be meet when applying it. Aiming to offer an easy to understand guide about connected community strategy, the thesis combines a wide range of theoretical sources acquired from the works of well-acknowledged scholars, with practical examples from ARM Corp, the case-study company. By being able to offer a comprehensive image about the strategy, the thesis can be used as a stating point for the study of connected community concept, or for the ones willing to adopt an connected community approach in their business environment.
Business Process Plan of the Option to Include Cameroon Cocoa the into Marketing and Production : Case: Dammenberg Chocolate Factory. Finland
Assessing a prospective landfill  gas to energy project in Agadir, Morocco
Cognition and strategy
Strategy is digital : how companies can use big data in the value chain
What kind of a company is a software enabled growth venture
Liposome nanoparticles for targeted drug delivery, gene delivery and magnetic imaging
Product management perspectives on stakeholder and business opportunity analyses in the front-end of product creation
Abstract.
Business Opportunities of Solar Photovoltaic Home Systems in Vietnam : case study: FOSERA Co. Ltd.
Sustainability strategies for business : an integrated approach with a life cycle perspective
The offshoring challenge : strategic design and innovation for tomorrow's organization
Developing a European Youth Hostel Concept  : Case: May Hostel, Ho Chi Minh City
Report and analysis of Entrance Coffeehouse & Studio, Bangkok, Thailand
Institutionalizing cloud infrastructure : major change factors and business reformations
Introducing a New Business Model : Die Storage Service for Purso Oy
Starting up : archieving success with professional business planning
Success in solution business starts by accepting that solution business is a separate business model, not simply another product category or an extension of the existing product business. This book identifies the business model areas that firms need to focus on when transforming into solution business. It further organizes these areas into three sets of capabilities and practices: commercialization, industrialization, and solution platforms. Commercialization refers to a firm’s ability to understand customers’ value-creating processes and to create solutions that enable improved value creation for customers. It also refers to a firm’s ability to sell the solutions and to receive compensation based on customers’ value-in-use. Industrialization refers to a firm’s ability to standardize the solution in order to create repeatability and scalability.To support repeatability, firms need to develop common processes so that the solutions can be efficiently replicated across regions and time. A solution platform creates the necessary support for an effective solution-business process. The platform consists of subsets of capabilities related to strategic management, management systems, infrastructure support, and human resources. Solution Business: Building a Platform for Organic Growth is the first book to take a comprehensive view of success in solution business, and its relevance therefore extends to all functions of firms wanting to become solution providers. It offers advice for strategy planning, business development, research and development, marketing, sales, supply chain management, operations, finance, planning and control, legal matters, and human resources management. The book is also relevant on many managerial levels. For top management, it provides the agenda for transformation.For functional heads, it illustrates the capabilities that each function needs to develop. For business-unit heads, it shows the areas prone to conflict during the transition towards solution business. And for middle management, it offers a language with which to discuss solution business across functions and regions. The book will also help you self-assess how ready your organization is for success in solution business.
Business process reengineering : automation decision points in process reengineering
Business model of Chinese SNS websites : a case study on Renren website
Webcasting worldwide : business models of an emerging global medium
The roles of information systems in a value net
Fashion openness : applying an open source philosophy to the paradigm of fashion
European hostel business model : Grand Tree Hostel business model
Repeatability : build enduring businesses for a world of constant change
Business models for dummies
Business plan for a Chinese furniture company
Business model's implications to a software company's internationalization process
New venture creation in software business : a contextually embedded entrepreneur's perspective
Innorisk : the fountain of new business creation
Why did electronic B2B marketplaces fail?
Anvia enterprise wireless local area network market analyzes and business model enhancements
Business model configurations in the consulting sector
eReading advertising and value creation best practices - Outlook 2010-2011 / Seppo Leminen, Juho-Petteri Huhtala (Eds.)
Restaurant-bar strategic behaviors in Oulu city centre 2014: analysis of competitive advantage, performance patterns and success-achievement results
New business models in sawnwood marketing to Germany
Business plan for a fashion brand : case: MW Oy
Changing institutions and consumer-driven development of forest products and servicess
Multichannel multi market media service business model evaluation and benchmark
Environmental impacts of traditional and innovative forest-based bioproducts
E-Commerce expands the market ́s concept from the market place to market space, and it also expands the value chain from linear to the value Matrix. This aspect implies the emergence of new marketing space, it also means that E-Commerce marketing structure is not completely innovative, it must be established on the basis of traditional marketing framework and looking for new opportunities by combining the traditional marketing value-chain structure with new value-added of virtual space. This paper considers, on the one hand, from the perspective of the value matrix. The development of E-Commerce brokers is due to the two aspects: the traditional brokers ́ importance in the value chain and information value-added, on the other hand, from the marketing demand point of view, the appearance of E-Commerce doesn ́t bring a perfect competitive market, where there are still uncompleted competition, information imbalance, etc. These unfavorable factors increased the marketing frictions and transaction costs. Especially, here, we need to emphasize information imbalance, because information in E-Commerce will become a major resource and valuable object, so the information imbalance will block the business development in the E-Commerce market, and this resistance is greater than in traditional market. These unfavorable factors promote the necessity of the presence of E-Commerce broker. However, the operating model of E-Commerce broker and value added features are different from the traditional brokers, logistics is a major traffic business for traditional brokers, information flows occurs as accompaniment, value-added or cost reduction of logistics are the basic value of traditional brokers’ existence. For the E-Commerce, information value-added is very important, information flows has become the main stream of E-Commerce brokers. Value-added of information flows is reflected in the value of E-Commerce brokers. According to the different sources of information flow, in this article, the operating model of E-Commerce broker can be divided into three parts: seller-oriented brokers, buyer-oriented brokers and the Neutral brokers. This is only a simple description and idea, but one thing is certain, E-Commerce brokers will have a strong diversity, which is forming a wide rang of E-Commerce. Significance of the study on the E-Commerce brokers is to see the changes in the value of new points, seize new market opportunities, which is also the purpose of this article ́s discussion. As an emerging E-Commerce market, the market entry barriers are still low, and it has bred a strong chance in the future, as a buyer-oriented broker in E-Commerce, Mikfast Oy will find its value of existence and own developing space.
Value proposition development process of young dynamic companies in saturated markets : the case of the French food industry
Servitization: synthesis and direction forward
Business model management : design - instruments - success factors
Weak profitability is a major problem for the European banking sector. Particularly in the euro area, a weakly performing economy and related impairment losses, subdued credit dynamics and prolonged low interest rates have weakened banks' profitability. The profitability of major European banks has also been undermined by court costs and sanctions imposed by the authorities. Growing regulation and an influx of new competitors on the market increase the need for balance sheet adjustment. The changes also affect Finnish banks.
Techno-economic analysis of novel opportunities for mobile networks : open innovation and cloud computing
The present state and future prospects of a manpower pool as part of project business
Using Value Proposition Design and Lean Method to Reduce Risks of Starting a Business : Case: Cuban Art Gallery
BestServ : managing service business : winning best practices and success stories
Innovation and commercialisation in the biopharmaceutical industry : creating and capturing value
Adoption of E-commerce in Nigerian Businesses : A Change from Traditional to E-commerce Business Model in Richbol Environmental Services Limited
The innovation maze : 4 routes to a successful new business case
The China business model : originality and limits
Customer centric and value-based business model design : impacts of the additive manufacturing technology on firm's business model
Business operations models : becoming a disruptive competitor
Key issues in the arts and entertainment industry
